NEW YORK  CNN  -- A lawsuit filed January 30 by baseball great Roberto Alomar 's ex-girlfriend alleges he engaged in unprotected sex with her while suffering from HIV/AIDS . Roberto Alomar 's ex-girlfriend says he had unprotected sex with her while infected with HIV . Ilya Dall is asking for $ 15 million for "  personal injuries " suffered due to Alomar 's negligence . She and her two children lived with the former New York Mets slugger for three years . She alleges that he started exhibiting signs of HIV as early as 2005 , but twice refused recommendations for an HIV test by his doctor , saying that earlier tests for the disease had come back negative , according to court papers . Alomar 's lawyer , Charles Bach , was not available for comment , but attorney Luke Pittoni , who also represents Alomar , said , "  We believe this is a totally frivolous lawsuit -- these allegations are baseless , he 's healthy and he 'd like to keep his health status private . We 'll do our talking in court . " Anthony Piancentini , who is representing Dall , said he has "  no comment " at this time . Dall says in court papers that Alomar told her "  I do n't have HIV . " She alleges he "  lied and purposefully misrepresented his physical condition " and "  that he was endangering the health and well being of -LSB- Dall -RSB- by continuing to have unprotected sexual relations with -LSB- her -RSB- , " according to the lawsuit . Court papers list several physical ailments that Dall says Alomar exhibited from early 2005 on , including white spots on his mouth and throat , extreme fatigue , back and vision problems , and shingles . In early 2006 , Alomar submitted to an HIV test that , according to court papers , confirmed he was HIV positive in February 2006 . Dall says she went for an HIV test shortly afterward and the results were negative . The couple visited a disease specialist shortly after Alomar 's diagnosis , who found a mass in Alomar 's chest and advised the couple that he was suffering from full-blown AIDS , according to the lawsuit . Dall alleges that a few days later , Alomar 's skin was turning purple and he was foaming at the mouth ; a spinal tap on February 21 , 2006 , confirmed he had full-blown AIDS , court papers said . Dall claims in the lawsuit that Alomar 's negligence caused her severe "  emotional distress " over the health of her children . Court papers say that because the couple lived with the children , they may have been exposed to Alomar 's saliva or blood in the bathroom , through things like toothbrushes and other items . Dall claims to suffer from "  permanent emotional distress " even after repeatedly testing negative for HIV . The lawsuit claims her fear of contracting the disease is known as "  AIDS phobia " and that she suffers from permanent post-traumatic stress disorder . Alomar requested Tuesday that the suit be moved to Brooklyn , New York , federal court . It was originally filed in Supreme Court in Queens , New York . An initial conference on the case is expected on April 15 in Brooklyn federal court . Alomar is the son and brother of major leaguers -- father Sandy Alomar was a second baseman with several teams between 1964 and 1978 and brother Sandy Alomar Jr. is a former catcher who played from 1988 to 2007 . Roberto Alomar retired in 2004 with a .300 lifetime batting average , 12 All-Star game selections and 10 Gold Gloves . He was the All Star Game MVP in 1998 and played on two Toronto Blue Jays World Series champion teams . Alomar , then playing for the Baltimore Orioles , is also known for an incident in 1996 during a game against the Blue Jays when he spat in the face of umpire John Hirschbeck following a heated argument over a third strike . After the incident , Alomar claimed the umpire uttered a slur to him during the argument .	Ex-girlfriend says he denied having HIV/AIDS , had unprotected sex with her Woman says Alomar endangered her health by lying to her about disease Court papers say tests in 2006 showed Alomar had full-blown AIDS Alomar 's representative says claims are part of "  frivolous lawsuit "
CNN  -- Seven suspected undocumented immigrants were killed and eight others injured when a truck being chased by police crashed into a security barrier at a Navy facility in Texas , authorities said Thursday . Fifteen people were in the truck , with 10 crammed inside the cab and five under a tarp in the truck 's bed , said John Gagne , spokesman for Naval Air Station Kingsville . The crash occurred late Wednesday when the extended-cab pickup sped past an officer at the main gate at the base , south of Corpus Christi , Gagne told CNN . The GMC Sierra was being chased by Kingsville police about 11:15 p.m. when it ran the checkpoint . Earlier , Gagne said that U.S. Border Patrol personnel were involved in the chase , but that was incorrect . It was not immediately clear why the truck was being pursued . Guards deployed a pop-up barrier outside a second security post , and the truck slammed into that obstacle without slowing down . "  That 's exactly what the barrier is designed to prevent , " Gagne said , referring to the driver 's behavior . "  It 's quite possible this guy did n't even know where he was . " Video from CNN affiliate KIII-TV showed flashing lights and emergency vehicles outside the air station overnight . No one from the military or the law enforcement agencies was among those hurt ; names of the victims had not been released as of late Thursday afternoon . The injured were taken via ambulance or flown to hospitals in south Texas . Their conditions were not known , although Gagne said at least some were life-threatening . Greg Palmore , a spokesman for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , said the crash victims are from Guatemala and Honduras and that their respective consulates have been notified . The driver was among those injured , he said . Kingsville Police Chief Ricardo Torres referred all questions to the state Department of Public Safety , which is investigating the incident , along with ICE 's Homeland Security Investigations and the Naval Criminal Investigative Service .	The victims , who may be undocumented immigrants , are from Guatemala and Honduras The driver is among those injured , a spokesman says Truck slams into a security barrier at the Kingsville , Texas , naval air station It was being chased by police at the time , another spokesman says
CNNGo  -- At these panoramic fitness centers there 's no excuse to hang onto that post-festivity bulge Basement fitness centers be damned . There are some places around the world that make your intentions to lace up the runners and don the spandex a whole lot more inviting . 1 . MV Stella Australis , Chile Ever wanted to jog around Cape Horn but thought it was impossible ? Well , it 's not . Brand-new ship  in cruise ship terms any ship just past her first birthday is still brand-new  Stella Australis plies the glacier-lined route between Punta Arenas , Chile and Ushuaia , Argentina . The gym is positioned on the top deck with full-height double-glazed windows providing an ever-changing view of snow-dusted mountains and glaciers amid forest-clad fjords . The double glazing is important , as summer temperatures barely reach double figures in South American Patagonia . There 's no problem getting warmed up , however , on modern treadmills , steppers and bikes , as albatross soar on the Furious Fifties winds that buffet the land at the "  end of the world . " Cruceros Australis , Ave El Bosque Norte 0440 , Santiago , Chile ; +56 2 442 3115 ; www.australis.com Also on CNNGo : 15 hotel rooms with amazing views 2 . Andaman Hotel , Langkawi , Malaysia National Geographic film crews know a good location when they see one . So it 's no surprise to find out that the same ancient rainforest that treadmill pounders gaze at from the Andaman Hotel is a favored habitat for filming wildlife documentaries . Located on the northwest coast of Langkawi , the region abounds in rare wildlife on land and kaleidoscopic fringing coral reef beyond the beach . Hotel designers did n't quite get it right for water babies but for those who find inspiration in lush plush jungle , you wo n't be disappointed with French windows allowing heady tropical aromas to waft around the gym . Andaman Hotel , Jalan Teluk Datai , Langkawi 07000 , Malaysia ; +60 4 959 1088 ; www.theandaman.com Read more on CNNGo : World 's 50 most delicious drinks 3 . Sasakwa Lodge , Tanzania Unleash your inner safari man  or woman  when you drop into your own personal piece of African indulgence on the privately held 137,000-hectare Singita Grumeti Reserve . Incongruously rising above the plains in the style of an Edwardian manor house , the main lodge is surrounded by a handful of secluded cottages , each with its own infinity pool and dreamy heat-haze views all the way to the horizon . If you can drag yourself beyond poolside tranquilized stupor , the gym is a revelation for such a remote location . Equipped with modern machines , it 's easy to imagine running across the sun-kissed plains , with bounding zebras kicking up their hooves beside you . Sasakwa Lodge , Singita Grumeti Reserve , Tanzania ; +27 21 683 3424 ; www.singita.com 4 . Aqua Expeditions , Peru If cruising little-accessible waters of the Amazon floats your boat , step onto the treadmill aboard luxury river expedition vessel MV Aria , departing from the forest-clad port of Iquitos . Launched in the spring of 2011 , MV Aria plies the upper reaches and tributaries of the Andes-fed Amazon , allowing up to 32 guests to immerse themselves in the wildlife and wild landscapes of Pacaya Samira Reserve encased in floating luxury . Hitting the treadmill daily is recommended , given that menus are designed by renowned chef Pedro Miguel Schiaffino , otherwise known as the jungle chef , for his creative use of Amazonian wild foods . More an exercise room bathed in natural light from immense picture windows than a fully blown gym , there 's no denying the inspirational in-your-face view gliding by . Aqua Expeditions , Calle Iquitos 1167 , Punchana Maynas , Loreto , Peru ; +51 65 60 1053 ; www.aquaexpeditions.com Also on CNNGo : 8 secret acupoints to cure travel ills 5 . Chobe Safari Lodge , Uganda Recently restored to her former 1950s elegance and perched above the bank of the River Nile , water is the main focus of Chobe Safari Lodge . That is , of course , once you 've had your fill of the elephants , hippos and buffalo that hang out around this legendary waterway . Attracting wildlife by the safari-load , the three-level swimming pool , spa and gym all overlook the rushing , gushing Nile . Within the largest National Park in Uganda , Murchison Falls National Park is not a bad spot for anglers to drop a line once they 've finished buffing their biceps in the Chobe Health Club and Spa . Chobe Safari Lodge , MurchisonFallsNational Park , Northwest Uganda ; +256 312 259 390 ; www.chobelodgeuganda.com Also on CNNGo : Demystifying the duiran -- how to eat the king of fruits 6 . Sheraton Anchorage Hotel & Spa , Alaska It 's unlikely that master mariner Captain James Cook would recognize much about Anchorage these days . Things have changed a bit since he anchored in the bay , now known as Cook Inlet , beneath a couple of active volcanoes and a mountain affectionately known by locals as Sleeping Lady . On a clear day Redoubt and Spurr mountains , all 3,000 meters of them , poke out above the clouds , all theatrical summits and look-at-me attitude . Gazing out from the 15th-floor gym to the street below , gym junkies should n't be surprised to see one of the 1,000-odd moose who also call Anchorage home wandering the streets . Sheraton Anchorage Hotel , 401 East 6th Ave. , Anchorage , Alaska , United States ; + 907 276 8700 ; www.starwoodhotels.com Read more on CNNGo : World 's 50 most delicious foods 7 . Ritz-Carlton Laguna Niguel , California Any hotel that puts step machines front and center behind frameless glass walls that overlook the Pacific Ocean gets my vote . Add a crystal chandelier to enhance the theatrical movie star opulence , and you 'll be seriously motivated to get your butt camera-ready . Naturally , equipment is top-of-the-line Precor and Icarian with individual screens and multimedia connectivity . The team at Ritz-Carlton seem to know just how to prop up a narcissistic gym junkie 's habit . Ritz-Carlton Laguna Niguel ; 1 Ritz Carlton Drive , Dana Point , California , United States ; +949 240 2000 ; www.ritzcarlton.com 8 . Wickaninnish Inn , Canada The favored destination for storm chasers , those climate-crazy souls who time their holidays to encounter the worst weather , Wickaninnish Inn sits tall , proud and somewhat weather-beaten on a point jutting seaward . Beachcombers and surfer dudes also find their way to wild tumbled Chesterman Beach . Looking west across the Pacific Ocean from Vancouver Island , 10 years ago the inn built a new wing to capitalize on their beachfront location , thrilling gym junkies no end by placing the workout room center stage . Wickaninnish Inn , 500 Osprey Lane , Tofino , BC , Canada ; +1 250 725 3100 ; www.wickinn.com Also on CNNGo : 10 inspiring classes for travelers to take 9 . Paresa Resort Phuket , Thailand Phuket is home to sea gypsies who live on floating villages earning a living from ever-depleting fish stocks , as well as the seething , writhing , pumping tourism hub of Patong Beach which attracts modern-day travelers . Treadmill joggers who bother to look south from the gym at Paresa can catch a glimpse of the ever-present partying integral to the beachfront strip . But the real attraction is the uninterrupted cliff top view from high above the Andaman Sea , particularly at dusk as the blazing tropical sun disappears below the salt-laden horizon . Paresa Resort , 49 Moo 6 , Layi-Nakalay Rd , Kamala , Phuket , Thailand ; +66 76 302 000 ; www.paresaresorts.com Read more on CNNGo : Airplane Yoga -- 18 exercises for healthy flying 10 . Hotel Icon , Hong Kong Opened just two months ago , Hotel Icon represents the combined efforts of Hong Kong 's most creative geniuses . Clearly health-conscious designers who appreciate the benefits of positioning the pool and gym on the rooftop , it 's hard to imagine a more exciting cityscape than Hong Kong 's . Particularly so at night , when all bets are off when it comes to conserving energy and the city lights up like a Christmas tree . Naturally , being a brand-new luxuriously appointed hotel with a heavy focus on glamour , gym equipment is state of the art and the facility is open 24 hours . Hotel ICON , 17 Science Museum Road , Tsim Sha Tsui East , Kowloon , Hong Kong ; +852 3400 1688 ; www.hotel-icon.com Also on CNNGo : World 's 15 most spectacular swimming pools © 2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	Langkawi 's ancient rainforest in Malaysia is part of the Andaman Hotel gym 's view The Chobe Safari Lodge in Uganda overlooks the banks of the Nile River Canada 's Wickaninnish Inn provides workouts with rugged oceanfront views
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- The city of Florence and the Italian government are embroiled in a dispute -- again -- over who owns one of the world 's most famous statues , Michelangelo 's David . The issue has been simmering for years . The Florence mayor 's office said the debate began in the early 1990 , and the city 's various mayors have brought it up from time to time . It 's mainly about the bottom line -- some 8 million euros a year in ticket sales at Florence 's La Galleria dell ` Accademia , also simply known as L'Accademia or the Accademia Gallery , where David is displayed . That money , however , goes to the Italian government , and not the city . Florence Mayor Matteo Renzi recently asked that David 's earnings go to Florence instead , because "  after all , the David is ours , " ' said one of his press officers . While tourism brings money to Florence , it also brings a lot of costs , such as cleaning and security , said the press officer . The mayor does not feel it 's fair that the burden of maintaining the city and its centuries-old buildings should fall solely on its citizens . Following the request , the Heritage Ministry commissioned a study to determine who is the rightful owner of David . The ministry 's lawyers recently concluded that according to documents they found in archives , David belongs to Italy , not the city of Florence . The government bases that assumption on the fact that Italy paid for David to be moved from its original spot , in central Florence 's Palazzo Vecchio , to L'Accademia , according to Renzi 's press officer . Eugenio Giani , president of the Florence City Council , said in a statement Monday that "  the opinion of the Roman lawyers is very dangerous , " noting all of the city 's "  heritage " that fills state museums . He points out that Florence 's city hall commissioned and paid for the statue 's creation in the 16th Century . It stood at the Palazzo Vecchio for nearly four centuries , until 1873 , when it was moved to L'Accademia in order to better preserve it . When Italy was unified in 1871 , the Palazzo Vecchio was returned to Florence under law , he said . Giani said his records show the new Rome-based Italian government paid to move David because it took the responsibility of "  tutelage " over the new nation 's heritage . "  The state did not for sure want to lay claim to the ownership of the David given two years ' prior law , " he said . "  Instead , it wanted to carry out a tutelage function , which is part of its competence to this day and by which the city of Florence had agreed to place the David at the Accademia . " Many of the paintings and statues in Italian-run Florence museums such as the Uffizzi Gallery belong to the city , Giani said . Some of the proceeds should be given to Florence , he said : "  The city of Florence has the right to partake in the profits . " Michelangelo , who was a native of Florence , completed the sculpture in 1504 . It has been a symbol of Florence 's defiance against its enemies ever since . Renzi told the Florence daily newspaper Il Corriere Fiorentino "  with all due respect to the Roman lawyers , the incontestable documents held in possession by the state administration are clear : the David belongs to the city of Florence . " The Italian Heritage Ministry 's Sandro Bondi indicated in a statement Monday he is not ready to hand over ownership of the statue . Bondi said he found himself embroiled in "  an absurd and inopportune " dispute about the statue "  against  his  will . " His statement referred to the question of the statue 's ownership as "  a petty matter " -- but one that also should "  be addressed in a sharing , planning manner . " He said he would work with Florence representatives in such a manner , with a goal of avoiding controversy .	The city of Florence and the Italian government are in dispute Who owns Michelangelo 's David ? The issue is who gets the 8 million euros tickets generate each year
CNN  -- Australian authorities issued a warning Friday to its citizens who may be traveling to Indonesia that the recent arrest of a terror suspect could lead to terror attacks there . "  The reported arrest in Pakistan of Umar Patek , an Indonesian national alleged to be involved in several major terrorist attacks , may increase the risk of violent responses in Indonesia in the short term , " the warning from the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said . Patek is one of the top suspects in the Bali bombings that killed more than 200 people in 2002 , Indonesian police have said . Several news organizations reported Monday that Patek had been arrested in Pakistan on March 2 . Indonesia has sent a team to Pakistan to confirm that it is indeed Patek that was arrested . Michael Tene , spokesman for the Indonesian Foreign Ministry , said he was not sure why Australia issued the warning . "  As far as I know from our security forces , the police , the situation in Indonesia is quite normal . I ca n't speculate on what specific information the Australian government has that would make them issue this advisory , " Tene said . Patek , an Indonesian of Javanese and Arab descent , is suspected of acting as the deputy field coordinator of the 2002 bombings in Bali . Seven Americans were killed in the attacks . Authorities and security experts say Patek was a member of the terror network Jemaah Islamiyah , that he took part in the Bali bombings , and that fled to Mindanao in the Philippines in 2003 . CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	Umar Patek is accused of being part of attack in Bali that killed 203 people Patek reportedly was arrested in Pakistan on March 2 Indonesia official says he does not know why Australia issued the warning
Atlanta  CNN  -- Imagine playing an intense , high-speed game while tumbling over your teammates . Now , do it all while holding your breath . Welcome to the madness of underwater hockey , a decades-old sport that boasts an international following -- but still draws disbelief and chuckles in the United States . "  I think most people hear  about it  and think , ` oh that 's not really a sport , ' and brush it off , " said Chris Docampo of the Swordfish Underwater Hockey Club in Atlanta . "  Maybe that 's why it 's not heard of as much . " Far from a joke , underwater hockey combines speed , agility , strength and strategy -- several feet below the nearest oxygen supply . The underwater hockey glossary "  This is for people who are true athletes , " said Keith Morgan , DoCampo 's teammate . At 52 , Morgan is almost twice the age of Docampo . But here , age , size and gender do n't matter . The water is the great equalizer . Playing under pressure Play begins when two flipper-donning teams line up along opposite ends of a pool and race toward a puck submerged in the middle . Some splash and tear across the surface like speed demons , while others disappear immediately underwater . If you dive under right away , you might reach the puck first -- only to realize you 're out of oxygen and need to come up for air . Sprinting across the surface allows you to breathe through a snorkel ; but someone else will probably reach the puck first . What happens after the initial face-off can only be described as elegant chaos . The neon-finned players flip around and over each other like a sphere of tropical fish circling prey . In this bizarre , three-dimensional playing field , attackers can sneak in from above , the side and even underneath . At 3 pounds , the puck is about eight times heavier than an ice hockey puck so it can stay grounded underwater . But such density , combined with the surrounding water pressure , also makes it that much harder to push with a 12-inch stick . At the bottom , Docampo whips his body around in a tight circle to defend the puck from swarming opponents . "  A lot of  technique  comes from experience -- asking people , ` How did you do that ? ' And a lot of it is muscle memory , " Docampo said . Moments later , as two opponents battle for the puck midwater , Nikita Gokhale zips across the pool floor like a caffeinated eel and steals the puck from underneath the players . She scores a goal as stunned defenders watch behind goggles . Silent strategy Unlike in other team sports , players ca n't hear what their teammates might say . The deep sounds of swooshing water drown everything out . "  I guess there is no way to communicate in the water . You just develop an intuition of what to do when , " said Andrei Savu , co-founder of the Swordfish Underwater Hockey team . That intuition is particularly important because no single player can swim to the bottom and wage battle without needing to come up for air -- and needing an astute teammate to take over the play . "  A big part of the strategy is to determine when to go down , and when to come up , " Savu said . "  Anticipation is key , especially with the lack of oxygen . " In just a few months , he and Docampo have already established a silent rapport . "  I know how long Andrei can hold his breath for , and I know when he 's going up , so I have to go down , " Docampo said . "  I have an idea of when my teammates are going to be running out of breath . " That makes it pretty hard to check someone against a pool wall . But that does n't mean the sport is void of incidental contact . Docampo said he 's suffered plenty of bruises . "  You get kicked underwater , sometimes you get hit by the puck , " he said . "  We have mouth guards on the snorkels so if you take a puck in the mouth , you do n't hurt yourself . " But Gokhale said the playing environment mitigates any pain . "  Because you 're underwater , the impact of getting hit is almost dulled down . " Underwater , but still underground Despite its relatively low profile in the United States , the sport started almost 50 years ago as a way to keep a British sea-diving club together during the frigid winter months . "  The whole club could disintegrate if the members were only able to plod up and down a swimming pool for six months , " founder Alan Blake wrote . "  I had to put something together to keep the branch up to strength for next summer . " His desperation spawned octopush , a game with eight players pushing a lead disc underwater . The sport later became known as underwater hockey . It 's now a fiercely competitive sport in countries such as Australia , New Zealand , South Africa , the Netherlands and Canada . Later this month , elite players from 19 countries -- including the United States -- will compete at the Underwater Hockey World Championship in Hungary . Despite its international popularity , underwater hockey has yet to rise to the surface of mainstream sports in the United States -- perhaps because it ca n't draw thousands of spectators like football or basketball . "  Underwater hockey is not a great spectator sport . You can not see the game from above water , and good underwater video coverage is difficult , " said Jen Gall , a board member with USA Underwater Hockey . And , unfortunately , "  the game can not be ` picked up ' on the corner lot . " But it 's gaining popularity in places like San Francisco , which has a YMCA program and two city youth programs , Gall said . Roger Bacon High School in Cincinnati , Ohio , has one of the few -- if not only -- high school underwater hockey teams in the country . Nationwide , roughly 1,000 players participate in about 50 clubs , all of which are co-ed , Gall said . It took awhile for Savu and Nicole Mazouchova to get the sport going in Atlanta . Exactly two players showed up to the Swordfish team 's first practice : the two founders . Now their club has a roster of dozens , including Morgan , a grandfather who won a gold medal in his division during the national championships in Washington last year . At 52 , he was n't even close to being the oldest competitor on his championship team . That player was 76 . Now Morgan is bent on becoming the oldest championship player in underwater hockey , which means playing for at least another 24 years . "  Somebody 's got to take that record away from him , " he said . In the meantime , he serves as an unofficial ambassador for the sport whenever people ask about his team T-shirt or the bright fins he carries around . He said the reactions run the gamut -- from " ` Oh you 're kidding me , that 's not a real sport , ' to ` Oh , that sounds way cool -- I want to try that ! ' " Best places to swim with sharks Stadium 's retractable roofs to protect from weather woes Train like a horse jockey Saudi woman becomes country 's first to conquer Everest	Underwater hockey is popular in Australia , New Zealand , South Africa and Canada It 's gaining popularity in the U.S. , but ca n't be "  picked up on the corner lot " like other sports Players try to push a 3-pound puck at the bottom of a pool into goals "  This is for people who are true athletes , " one player says
CNN  -- After more than a dozen trips to the Middle East and 14 months of unbridled optimism on the prospects for peace in the region and his own ability to negotiate it , John Kerry on Friday finally sounded defeated . While Kerry has made the peace process his priority since taking office , his focus has been challenged by the civil war in Syria , nuclear negotiations with Iran and , now , Russian moves against Ukraine . He acknowledged the Israeli-Palestinian conflict was still a global concern , but that the United States had a full agenda . "  We have an enormous amount on the plate , " he said , adding what were possibly the toughest comments he has made about the parties ' intransigence . "  There are limits to the amount of time and effort that the United States can spend if the parties themselves are unwilling to take constructive steps in order to be able to move forward , " Kerry said . The past week was particularly frustrating for Kerry . Israel reneged on a scheduled release of Palestinian prisoners and the Palestinians responded by signing on to join 15 international bodies in defiance of their own commitment not to seek international recognition as a state . Kerry blindly stated the obvious when he called both moves "  not helpful . " Since beginning his peace mission , Kerry 's lofty goals have become significantly more modest . In July , he announced a bid to reach a peace deal within nine months . But as time rolled by with little progress , Kerry sought to get Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to agree to a framework , which would form the basis for a comprehensive peace treaty . With the deadline set to expire on April 29 , Kerry and his aides have struggled to get the parties to extend the talks , even putting the potential release of Israeli spy Jonathan Pollard on the table to secure the Palestinian prisoner release . Kerry said "  neither party has said that they 've called it off . " And one Palestinian source close to the negotiations told CNN 's Ben Wedeman that Palestinians were still committed to the talks until the April deadline . After that , he said , "  we are free . " Neither of those are ringing endorsements . Even if both sides are willing to mark time for another month , it 's clear the peace process is on life support . While Kerry is n't ready to pull the plug entirely , he said the United States would "  evaluate what is possible and what is not possible , " suggesting Washington may recalibrate its role as broker of the peace process as a result . "  We 're not going to sit there indefinitely . This is not an open-ended effort , " Kerry said Friday in Morocco . "  It 's reality check time . "	Kerry had high hopes of deal in announcing talks nine months ago He has made more than a dozen trips to the region to facilitate negotiations He had been optimistic , but now he sounds resigned with deadline for progress fast approaching Kerry says the U.S. will now evaluate what 's "  possible and what is not possible "
CNN  -- The Israeli military has suspended a soldier who was filmed by CNN firing a rifle at Palestinian demonstrators during a deadly shooting incident on May 15 that resulted in the deaths of two Palestinian teenagers , an Israeli military source told CNN . The source , who asked not to be identified because of a continuing Israeli investigation , said the soldier that was suspended worked for the military 's communications department and was not supposed to be shooting at all . "  He 's not supposed to shoot things , " the military source told CNN . "  And that 's ultimately what he was doing , " the source said . "  That 's why he was suspended until the investigation has been completed . " The Israeli Defense Force is standing by its assertion that Israeli border police and soldiers only fired tear gas and rubber-coated projectiles during deadly clashes in the West Bank village of Beitunya on May 15 . Security cameras caught the fatal shooting that day of two Palestinian teenagers in Beitunya . According to six hours of raw , unedited video distributed by the children 's rights advocacy organization Defense of Children International and reviewed by CNN in its entirety , the two boys -- ages 17 and 16 -- were shot on the same patch of asphalt on the same day , the second victim 73 minutes after the first . At the exact moment when the first boy , Nadeem Nouwarah , was fatally wounded , CNN producer Kareem Khadder was also filming the clashes . In the CNN video , it is not clear what kind of rounds the Israelis were shooting , or whether their gunfire hit Nouwarah . However , Khadder 's camera shows that less than 15 seconds after one of these gunshots , Palestinians were already racing to put the fatally wounded Nouwarah in the ambulance . CNN filmed two Israeli security officers firing at the time of the incident . The first wore the black uniform and visored-helmet of a border police officer . The second wore the green uniform of the Israeli Defense Force , and appears to be the same man who was filmed earlier taking photographs with a still camera . Seconds after he shoots his weapon , a border policeman takes the rifle from him . CNN was able to match events on the security video with events on CNN 's own video . The IDF soldier is seen at other moments in the video aiming the rifle at the Palestinian protesters , appearing to be coached by a border police officer . IDF spokesmen and military experts tell CNN that both of the weapons fired in the video appear to be outfitted with an attachment used to shoot rubber-coated , metal projectiles . These "  rubber bullets " are designed to wound , but not penetrate the bodies of the targets . According to a medical report , Nouwarah was pronounced dead in a hospital , having suffered a single bullet wound that entered chest and passed out his back . Doctors pronounced the other teenage victim , Mohammad Odeh Salameh , dead on arrival at the hospital , with a bullet wound that had pierced his back and exited out of his chest . During an interview last week , Nouwarah 's grieving father Siam showed CNN the bloody backpack that his son was filmed wearing at the moment he was shot . There was a small hole in the bag , at roughly the same location where the bullet would have exited from Nouwarah 's body . The elder Nouwarah then pulled a packet of bloodstained papers out of the bag . They were photocopies of a text book that included the writings of Anton Chekhov , accompanied by handwriting , doodles , and class notes . "  We were surprised when we took the school backpack back from the hospital to find this bullet inside , " said the elder Nouwarah , who then pulled out a small used bullet stored in a plastic bag out of the backpack . The metal slug appeared to be from a 556 NATO round , the standard ammunition used by M-16 rifles carried by Israeli security forces . It was impossible for CNN to confirm the authenticity of the bullet . Siam Nouwarah said he was saving it for a forensic examination . He accuses Israeli soldiers of killing his son . The Israeli human rights organization B'Tselem , which investigates allegations of human rights abuses in the West Bank , said the fatal shootings in Beitunya could not have been caused by rubber bullets . "  We still think that these injuries could not have been sustained with any other weapons other than live ammunition , " said Sarit Michaeli , a B'Tselem spokeswoman . Though rubber bullets are sometimes known to be fatal , Michaeli said "  there 's just no recorded incident ever of a rubber bullet killing two people from a range of about 70 meters , " referring to an estimate of the distance between the border police and the victims . However , Michaeli added that the CNN footage shows "  border police firing something that looks very much like a rubber bullet . " The U.S. State Department has joined the United Nations in calling for a swift and impartial investigation into the shootings . Father blames Israeli military in Palestinian teens ' deaths Initial report : Palestinian teens fatally shot presented no threat	Source : Israeli military suspends soldier connected to shooting incident 2 Palestinian teens killed as a result of shooting in West Bank village on May 15 Israeli Defense Force says they only used tear gas and rubber bullets
London , England  CNN  -- Europeans faced fresh winter misery Friday as plunging temperatures threw transport networks -- including the Channel Tunnel train service -- into chaos and dwindling cold weather resources raised concerns in a snow-blanketed Britain and other countries . Eurostar , which operates trains between Britain and France , announced it was canceling up to 50 percent of services Friday as bad weather caused a repeat of problems that led to major disruptions and long lines of frustrated and angry travelers last month . With satellite images showing the UK covered in snow from top to toe -- a rare modern event in a country that has experienced two decades of relatively mild winters -- authorities lacking snow plows and salt supplies were struggling to clear roads . Britain 's weather forecasting Met Office is warning of continued icy conditions , drifting snow , severe frosts and dangerous wind chill factors across the country over the coming weekend , blaming the recent cold snap on freezing northerly blasts from the Arctic . It said icy conditions were expected to continue for the next two weeks . Forecasters were warning of similar conditions in France , Germany , Switzerland , Poland , the Czech Republic and parts of Italy in the days ahead . As temperatures plummeted to 30-year-lows of -22.3 Celsius  -8.1 Fahrenheit  in some parts of the UK , gas suppliers were reassuring users that there was no immediate likelihood that interruptions to fuel imposed on some businesses could spread to households . The National Grid , which handles supplies of natural gas across Britain , reported that is was expecting to cope with all-time record demand levels Friday after similar peaks a day earlier that called on 454 million cubic meters of gas . Despite the high demand -- and technical problems affecting gas flow from Norway -- National Grid spokeswoman Stephanie van Rosse said there was no danger of an interruption to supply . "  We 've got plenty coming in , " she told CNN . "  It 's just a matter of balancing it . " One of the companies whose gas was switched off was British Sugar , based in Peterborough , 130 kilometers  80 miles  north of London . A spokesman there told CNN they had simply switched to using oil until the gas comes back on . "  It does n't affect our production , so it 's just business as usual , " said the spokesman , who asked not to be named . "  It 's a bit of a non-story , really . We just switch and it 's no big problem . " Main airports , including Heathrow , Gatwick and Luton , were continuing to advise passengers to contact airlines before setting out as weather added to disruptions already caused by increased security in the wake of last month 's failed U.S. plane bombing . Cold weather , blamed for 22 deaths countrywide , also shut schools across Britain and led to warnings of hazardous roads as grit and salt supplies wore thin , prompting local authorities to impose rationing . Environment Secretary Hilary Benn said Britain 's only two suppliers of salt were operating at capacity as authorities ' standard emergency provisions for six days of snowy weather ran dry . "  The two salt producers are working flat-out , 24 hours-a-day , and we have ordered more salt supplies from abroad , " he told the BBC . "  But ... we will face some difficult decisions about where we are going to prioritize gritting of roads in this exceptionally severe and prolonged cold weather . " CNN 's Melissa Gray and Barry Neild contributed to this story	Eurostar cancels Channel Tunnel train services due to freezing temperatures Temperatures plummet to 30-year lows in some parts of the UK Fuel supplies say no interruptions to gas supplies imminent despite record demand
CNN  -- Rio Ferdinand has been found guilty of improper conduct and fined # 45,000  $ 70,000  by the English Football Association  FA  for comments posted on Twitter relating to his England teammate and Chelsea star , Ashley Cole . Announcing its decision on Friday , the FA 's Regulatory Commission concluded that Ferdinand 's comment , which described Cole as a "  choc ice , " brought the game into disrepute by referencing a person 's ethnic origin , color or race . The Manchester United and England defender was charged in July after he responded to a tweet describing Cole as a "  choc ice , " re-tweeting : "  I hear you fella ! Choc ice is a classic ! Hahahahahaha !! " The FA heard evidence from Herman Ouseley , a former chair of the UK 's Commission for Racial Equality who explained that "  choc ice " was "  an offensive and insulting term ... used to question a person 's identity , based on the notion that they have a dark outer skin but inside they act as a white person ... It means the person is fake . " Ferdinand 's comment was posted on July 14 , the day after John Terry was cleared of racially abusing Ferdinand 's younger brother Anton during a Premier League match between Chelsea and Queens Park Rangers in October 2011 . Cole had been called as a character witness for his Chelsea teammate during the hearing held at Westminster Magistrates Court in London . Although upholding the charge and fining Ferdinand , the FA stressed that it did not believe Ferdinand to be a racist , describing him as someone who has "  a track record in fronting anti-racism campaigns in football . " Ferdinand , who is one of football 's most high profile "  Twitterers " with over three million followers , has declined to appeal the decision . Greg Stobart , a football correspondent for Goal.com told CNN : "  The fine is perhaps a little bit harsh . The thing I would say is that it was a foolish thing to do , but we know Rio was emotional because his brother was involved in the case . " He 's not the first to fall foul of the FA for comments on Twitter , Stobart says , with Arsenal 's Emmanuel Frimpong recently being fined # 6,000  $ 9,500  after admitting a charge of improper conduct . "  Players need to be more careful , " Stobart said . "  Twitter  is a public forum ... you 've got to be responsible . " Despite being cleared by the court , John Terry has also been charged with improper conduct by the FA for his alleged comments to Anton Ferdinand during the match last October .	Manchester United defender found guilty of improper conduct and fined by English Football Association Ferdinand commented on a tweet which had referred to Ashley Cole as a "  choc ice " Cole was a character witness for John Terry at a court hearing which alleged he racially abused Ferdinand 's brother Anton Terry cleared by London court in July but is awaiting fate of improper conduct charges by FA
PEOPLE.com  -- A "  devastated " Simon Monjack told PEOPLE his wife Brittany Murphy did not overdose on drugs and did not suffer from an eating disorder . "  These rumors that she was anorexic ? It 's crazy -- she was slim , but that was her natural physique , " Monjack told PEOPLE . "  This is what 's killing all of us ? How did it happen ? Her mum , myself and her family -- we want to know why we lost our baby . " During a sometimes tear-filled interview , an exhausted Monjack , 39 , who has n't slept since his mother-in-law found his wife collapsed in the bathroom early Sunday , said all he knows is what doctors told him at the hospital : She died of cardiac arrest , but they wo n't know details until after an autopsy .  A coroner 's spokesperson said the results could take up to six weeks , for toxicology reports to be final . "  My initial reaction to the autopsy was -- they 're going to cut her open -- I could n't bear it , " Monjack said , weeping . "  That would break her mother , but we realized we needed to know . I look forward to getting the results . " He added that his wife of three years did suffer from a heart murmur  mitral valve prolapse  , which can cause fatigue , dizziness and irregular heartbeats -- but is generally not life threatening . Murphy did n't require medication to treat it , says Monjack . But on Saturday , he said , his wife was ill , resting in bed all day suffering from laryngitis , which the actress treated with herbal tea , ginger and lemon . "  She was on herbal remedies that would n't speed up her heart , " Monjack said . "  There was nothing here that could endanger her ; there was prescription medication in the house for her female time and some cough syrup . That was it . " Asked point-blank if a drug overdose was a possible cause of death , Monjack replied , "  I can get rid of that one right now , " he said . Last Saturday , the couple just relaxed in bed , watching three movies as Murphy prepared to cast her vote as a member of the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences . They ordered Brittany 's favorite takeout -- Thai food -- and ate soup prepared by Murphy 's mother , Sharon , who has lived with them for 3 1/2 years . "  She was tired and a little sad because she was sick , " Monjack said about Brittany . "  She wore her pink Beverly Hills Hotel robe and monkey pajamas . We saw It 's Complicated , Public Enemy and The Princess and the Frog . The couple were joined by Murphy 's companion , a pet Maltese named Clara , a Christmas gift last year from Monjack that Murphy named after her favorite silent screen star , Clara Bow . "  One of the saddest things is that Clara has looked everywhere for Brittany and ca n't find her , " said Monjack . Monjack , a photographer , first met Murphy on a photo shoot when she was 13 after she moved to Hollywood with her mother , Sharon . They began dating after being reintroduced at Murphy 's 28th birthday party and married a year later . "  So many people have their views of us , but they never met us or sat down with us , " he said . "  I 'm not perfect , but I do n't think anyone is ... I am feeling beyond devastated . I was in love with Brittany and Brittany with me . " The couple had plans for 2010 : Brittany would continue to work , but she wanted to get pregnant . "  She was an only child , " said Monjack . "  She wanted a baby . Her big dream next year was to have a child , and we talked about how he or she would look . She 'd say , ` They 'd better have your eyes and lips and my hair . ' " But Monjack did concede his wife was trying to get heavier . "  She tried to gain weight but had one of those metabolisms -- a high metabolism -- but enjoyed food as much as anyone . I wish I could show all the receipts from the take out restaurants , " he said . "  We are faced with this ridiculous reality that people out there believe she felt , ` Oh , poor me , I 'm fat , I 'm thin . ' Brittany did n't see beauty as a physical thing , which I 'm bloody lucky for , " he said with a laugh . "  I know there was a disparity in how we looked and I 'm no movie star , but she always saw the person . " Monjack said he has been upset by some of the published reports . "  It 's horrible -- the death of a beautiful young woman , a Hollywood icon ; it has to be explained . It just ca n't be a tragic accident , " he said , trying to explain the headlines . "  We do n't want to accept that a beautiful young wife and daughter woke up one morning and died a tragic death . " But he 's most worried about his mother-in-law . "  I do n't know if she will ever recover , and I know when she reads all this nonsense about her son-in-law and her deceased daughter , her heart is breaking . She has lived with us and saw the love and support . I hope she stays -- I ca n't imagine my life without Sharon -- she 's my link to Brittany . " Monjack said Brittany 's family arrived in town Monday and that funeral plans are pending . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Simon Monjack dialed 911 , and watched medics attempt to revive his wife Monjack said it had been a regular day until Murphy 's mother called for his attention Monjack said he and and Murphy were planning to have a child in 2010 A final autopsy report may take up to six weeks , a coroner 's spokesperson said
CNN  -- The water is so clear you can see it from the surface . It 's the Cayman Islands ' newest tourist attraction , the USS Kittiwake . The Kittiwake is a Chanticleer-class submarine rescue ship that was part of the U.S. Navy 's fleet until it was decommissioned in 1994 . Now it 's an artificial reef , one that Scuba Diving magazine says is a must for divers . "  It is definitely one of the top 10 purposely sunk wrecks because of its accessibility , " says the magazine 's editor , David Espinosa . "  It 's in relatively shallow water and it 's upright . " The Kittiwake was sunk a little over a year ago just off Grand Cayman 's popular Seven Mile Beach . A five-minute boat ride brings divers to the site where the vessel 's bottom sits about 60 feet down on the sandy floor of the Caribbean Sea . Getting the 251-foot-long ship to the bottom of the ocean was easy , unlike the effort to obtain the vessel . "  It was a pilot project and that was part of the complexity of it , " says Nancy Easterbrook , who spearheaded the Kittiwake project on behalf of the Cayman Islands Tourism Association . The Caymans applied to the U.S. government to receive a decommissioned ship to use as an artificial reef , a process that was open for the first time to international applicants . Then Easterbrook journeyed to Norfolk , Virginia , to tour the available ships . She says choosing the USS Kittiwake was the easy part of her eight-year effort . "  She was a ship that served divers all of her life , " she says , "  so it just seemed the appropriate ship . " Before the vessel could be transported to its new home , it had to be cleared of all military equipment , undergo an inspection for hazardous materials and pass environmental regulations in the United States and the Cayman Islands . As a submarine rescue vessel , the Kittiwake was home to many Navy divers during its 49 years of service . When built , it was outfitted with a recompression chamber , a diving bell and a diving locker . But the ship 's highlight for most divers today is an unlikely place : the vessel 's head . "  They 've left the mirrors inside the bathrooms , so you can actually take a look at yourself while diving , " says Jason Shaddox , an instructor with local dive company Don Foster 's . But you do n't have to be a diver to appreciate this new attraction . "  It 's the only wreck I 've been around where you can snorkel on it and see what we see as divers , " Shaddox adds . "  The only thing you do n't see as a snorkeler is what is inside . " In just over a year , a ship that might have ended up in the scrapheap has been transformed into a must-see for visitors . Inside there are five decks with the stairs intact . A dive will take you through the recreation room , mess hall , crew quarters , navigation room and up to the main deck , which sits about 15 feet from the water 's surface . "  The warmth of the water and the visibility is incredible , so you can see the whole ship from the surface , " says Easterbrook . "  It 's kind of eerie because it 's something that does n't belong there but on the other hand , it 's quite friendly to divers and snorkelers . " The vessel has also quickly become a friendly spot for marine life . Recently , the island was abuzz when a whale shark was spotted near the ship .	A decommissioned U.S. Navy ship has become a popular Cayman Islands dive site The top of the ship is close to the surface and accessible to snorkelers Divers can explore the inside of the submarine rescue ship
CNN  -- At least 20 people were killed Monday when an explosion rocked a bus station in the northeast Nigerian city of Gombe , which has recently come under repeated attacks blamed on Boko Haram insurgents , officials said . The incident happened when a homemade bomb planted near a bus exploded as people were boarding â $ Žat the Dukku bus station , triggering a fire that consumed vehicles , authorities said . No one immediately claimed responsibility for the blast . "  So far , 20 people have been killed in the explosion and another 18 were badly injured , " said Mato Yakubu , Gombe state director of the National Orientation Agency  NOA  . An official with the Nigerian Red Cross in the city said 20 bodies were evacuated to a local morgue . Later Monday , an explosion tore through a crowded market in the northern Nigerian city of Bauchi , killing 17 people and injuring 42 others , officials said . It was n't immediately clear whether a bomb caused the Bauchi explosion , police said . The blast happened at about 5:30 p.m.  11:30 p.m. ET  in a section populated by cosmetics and blouse shops , causing a fire that spread to other parts of the market . "  An  investigation is in progress to ascertain  the  cause of the explosion and level of damage to property , " Bauchi state police spokesman Haruna Mohammed said . Bauchi is about 150 kilometers  93 miles  west of Gombe . Northern Nigeria , especially northeastern Nigeria , has been targeted regularly by Boko Haram since 2009 . The Islamist militant group has fought an anti-government campaign to institute Sharia , or Islamic law , attacking police , schools , churches and civilians , and bombing government buildings .	Bomb explodes under a bus in Gombe , Nigeria , police say People were boarding the bus when the blast happened , police say No one has claimed responsibility A different explosion killed seven people at a market in Bauchi , Nigeria
Moscow  CNN  Never mind . North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has backed out of next month 's visit to Moscow for World War II anniversary celebrations , Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Thursday . "  We were informed of the decision via diplomatic channels , " Peskov said . "  The decision is connected with North Korean domestic affairs . " The visit was highly anticipated because it would have marked Kim 's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of North Korea in late 2011 . He was to have met with Russian President Vladimir Putin as part of the May visit to coincide with Victory Day , marking the 70th anniversary of the Soviet Union 's victory over Nazi Germany in World War II . Kim also could have had the chance to rub elbows with the heads of about 30 other governments , including the leaders of China , Cuba , India , Germany , Vietnam and Venezuela . This number represents about half the world leaders that Russia has said it invited to the celebrations . Kim 's trip had been anticipated since late December , when Russian state media reported that Moscow had extended an invitation . There was no further explanation , from Moscow or Pyongyang , as to why he would n't head west . Still , North Korea has a number of issues it 's been wrestling with for years . They include widespread poverty , its longstanding spat with neighboring South Korea and the United States , as well as its international isolation largely due to its controversial nuclear program . And news about Kim 's non-visit comes a day after South Korean intelligence agents told lawmakers that Kim is ruling with an iron fist , having ordered the execution of about 15 senior officials so far this year . CNN can not independently confirm the executions detailed by Shin Kyung-min , a lawmaker with the New Politics Alliance for Democracy who attended the closed briefing . And the nature of the intelligence supporting the allegations was not immediately clear . That said , North Korea is one of the most closed societies in the world . And there 's little doubt that Kim is very much in charge . According to Shin , intelligence officials say the North Korean leader is ruling in an impromptu manner and does not countenance excuses or any views that vary with his own . CNN 's Madison Park and Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report . CNN 's Matthew Chance reported from Moscow , and CNN 's Ed Payne and Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta .	Next month 's visit to Moscow by the North Korean leader is off This Victory Day marks the 70 years since the Soviet victory over Germany in World War II
Republicans looking to fault Hillary Clinton hope the few hours the former secretary of state will spend in Las Vegas on Monday will remind voters of her less-than-perfect book roll-out and high-dollar speaking fees . Clinton , who starts her day in Denver for a fundraiser with Sen. Mark Udall , will make two appearances in Las Vegas on Monday . She will first headline a fundraiser for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid at the Aria Hotel and Casino , then the former secretary of state will keynote a fundraiser or the The University of Nevada-Las Vegas Foundation at the swanky Bellagio . Republicans are seizing on the second speech , where Clinton , the prohibitive favorite for the Democrats ' presidential nomination in 2016 , will collect $ 225,000 for her appearance , according to event organizers . Although a Clinton spokesperson argues that the fee will go straight to the Bill , Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation , the former first lady 's appearance in Las Vegas on Monday was possibly the most controversial and widely talked about paid speech Clinton was set to give this year . "  Clinton 's Nevada Pay Day , " said an email from the Republican National Committee . "  As Clinton 's Long-Awaited Silver State Pay Day Arrives , A Reminder Of The Troubles It Caused Her Would-Be Campaign . " "  The much anticipated Hillary UNLV speech reminds us that Hillary 's exorbitant fees and travel requirements are going to be problematic on her run for the White House , " RNC Press Secretary Kirsten Kukowski said in an email . When Clinton 's appearance at the UNLV fundraiser was announced in June , students at the university protested the fact the foundation was spending money to bring Clinton in at the same time that their tuition was going up due to budget issues . "  In keeping with Secretary Clinton 's long-standing history of advocating for students in higher education , we as student government leaders are asking that she charitably donate part or all of the $ 225,000 speaking fee she is reportedly making for this fundraising speech back to the UNLV Foundation of UNLV as a whole , " Elias Benjelloun , the UNLV student body president , and Daniel Waqar , the student government 's public relations director , wrote in a letter addressed to Clinton 's foundation . The letter goes on to ask Clinton "  to do what is right " and donate the money . "  This would be an incredible opportunity for Secretary Clinton to remain true to her commitment to higher education , " they write . The students , however , never heard from Clinton or the foundation , but are not planning to protest outside the event on Monday . UNLV and Clinton have defended the event . "  Private donations secured by the UNLV foundation from donors funded her speaking fee which was paid to the Harry Walker Agency , " Afsha Bawany , a spokesperson for UNLV , said over the summer . University administrators have also argued that the money the event will bring in will far outweigh the money paid the Clinton . Clinton also told ABC News in August that "  all of the fees have been donated to the Clinton Foundation for it to continue its life-changing and life-saving work . " That has n't stopped Republicans from using the fees to knock Clinton 's comments on her personal wealth . During the first interview of her book rollout Clinton argued that she and her husband were "  dead broke " when they left the White House in 2000 . The comment rang hollow , even to many Democrats , given that the Clintons went on to make millions on the paid speaking tour and in book sales . Republicans used fees like that from UNLV to constantly remind people of Clinton 's wealth and inarticulate comments for much of the summer . "  Greedy , " said Tim Miller , executive director of America Risng , an anti-Clinton super PAC . "  Hey kids , I know that tuition is skyrocketing and you all are loaded up with student debt but I 'm going to go ahead and take in $ 1.8 million from your universities for 8 hours of speeches anyway , " Miller said in an email to reporters . Reid , who Clinton will appear with on Monday , did not pile on , however , and refused to criticize Clinton 's UNLV speech . "  Anything we can do to focus attention on UNLV , that 's extremely important to do , and this certainly will focus attention on UNLV , and that 's why they have these people come , " Reid told the Las Vegas Review Journal in June . The Reid-Clinton relationship , especially in the context of Clinton 's possible 2016 bid , has been on full display in the last six months . Reid sent a fundraising email for Ready for Hillary over the weekend , touting Clinton as someone "  doing everything she can " to help Democrats get elected in 2016 . The Senate majority Leader also invited Clinton to headline his green energy conference in Las Vegas earlier this year , where Reid said he had "  such admiration for the Clinton family . " "  She 's the best , " Reid said of Clinton .	Hillary Clinton has two events in Las Vegas on Monday , the second for a UNLV fundraiser . Republicans and students have highlighted Clinton 's speaking fee throughout the summer . Clinton has said her $ 225,000 speaking fee will go to the Clinton Foundation .
CNN  -- Gunmen fired on a Pakistan International Airlines flight Tuesday after it landed in Peshawar , killing one passenger and injuring a flight attendant , said airline spokesman Mashood Tajwar . Flight 756 left Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , with 170 passengers on board . The plane was fired on after landing at Bacha Khan International Airport . Passengers were still inside the aircraft . Police and security forces have cordoned off the area and are searching for attackers . The airport remained open , said Civil Aviation Authority spokesman Abid Qaimkhan . No one has claimed responsibility . Bacha Khan International Airport in Peshawar is often targeted by militants . Two rockets landed at the airport on April 28 , damaging a runway . No one was killed in that attack . Aliza Kassim and Sophia Saifi contributed to this report	One passenger was killed when gunmen fired on a flight landing in Peshawar The aircraft was carrying 170 passengers from Riyadh , Saudi Arabia Two rockets landed at the airport in an April attack ; no one was killed
Rochester , New York  CNN  -- As the director of a leading research center on child abuse , I have seen all too often that what a parent considers legitimate discipline can quickly deteriorate into violence fueled by anger . Parents often say that they spank their children to teach them how to behave . The word discipline means "  to teach , " but does spanking really teach children to behave , or does it teach them to solve problems with violence ? At our center , we see many parents who spank their children to teach them not to hit their siblings . Spanking impressionable children may reduce undesirable behavior in the short term . In the long term , however , research shows that it offers children a poor example of how to solve problems or deal with difficult situations . The posting of the video of a Texas judge beating his 16-year-old daughter with a belt , and the controversy surrounding deaths purportedly associated with the pro-spanking book "  To Train Up a Child , " have reignited the debate about corporal punishment . Even those viewing the disturbing video differ on whether or not it reflects the appropriate use of discipline . When does spanking cross the line and become physical abuse ? Although corporal punishment has been widely accepted throughout the history of the United States , psychologists and other professionals here are increasingly concerned about the harm it may cause . Many other countries have outlawed the practice , including Austria , Germany , Greece , Kenya , Norway , Romania and Spain . Despite growing evidence against and opposition to corporal punishment in the United States , the practice remains accepted by nearly half of adults and is legal in all states . Among scientists , there is a consensus that actual physical abuse damages children , directly and over the course of a life . Although not all children who have been abused are affected the same way , decades of research show that child abuse initiates a cascade of negative social , emotional and health-related outcomes . "  Corporal punishment is of limited effectiveness and has potentially deleterious side effects , " the American Academy of Pediatrics has said in a policy statement . A 2002 analysis of studies , published in the Psychological Bulletin , concluded that although corporal punishment can make a child obey in the short run , it also is linked with a number of long-term problems , including mental disorders and behavioral difficulties . Spanking in childhood also has been related to criminality . Too much corporal punishment can also damage the parent-child relationship , as the parent becomes a source of both nurturing and danger . Disconcertingly , spanking in childhood also is associated with approval of hitting a spouse and increased marital conflict . All the evidence and warnings , however , do n't always stop parents from hitting their kids . Personal experiences and emotion continue to dictate whether or not parents choose physical punishment . The video of the judge beating his daughter is disturbing not only because of the physical violence , but also because of the emotional abuse that is clearly present . Rather than learning not to download computer files , this girl may be learning to hide her behavior from her parents , to avoid bringing them her questions and concerns . She may become more likely to resolve conflict with violence , to become involved with people who are abusive , and eventually to hit her own children . All parents surely want to raise well-adjusted children . Discipline and structure are key components of doing so . It would be naÃ ¯ ve to think that even the most dedicated parents do not sometimes become frustrated with defiant children . There are many ways of disciplining children that are effective and nonviolent . We need to show parents what they are , and to make alternative approaches more widely accessible if we are to avoid tragic outcomes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sheree L. Toth .	Sheree L. Toth : Does spanking teach children to behave , or does it encourage violence ? Research shows that it offers children a poor example of how to solve problems , Toth says Toth : Many countries have outlawed spanking , yet most Americans think it 's OK Many studies link spanking with a number of long-term problems , Toth says
I 'm about to fly from Santa Fe to New York , and I 'm terrified . Once in New York , I will teach a class on creativity based on my book "  The Artist 's Way . " While I am eager to share my toolkit with a new audience , I am not eager to fly . For a week before flying , I sleep poorly , "  rotisserie-ing " in my fears . My friends notice that I am miserable . When I tell them I have a fear of flying , they respond , "  But flying 's safe . Safer than driving to the airport . " Their rational reassurance does nothing to curb my fear . My mind spools out dire scenarios : The plane will have difficulty on takeoff or landing ; an engine will fail or catch fire ; a terrorist will somehow make it through security and reroute the plane like 9/11 . For days before I am due to fly , I tell myself to pack . But my mind freezes at the prospect . Finally , I make a list of everything I need to take . Item by item , I pack . How easy it would be to pack a bomb , I think . I try to push this aside , but it persists . Not flying is n't an option As an author who teaches seminars , I have flown for years . With more teaching came more flying and with more flying , an ever-increasing fear . I have never had anything bad happen when I was flying , as far as I know . Not even close . My worst scenario about five years ago involved terrible turbulence . As the plane shimmied and shook , I clutched my armrests and prayed , "  Dear God , please end this turbulence . Please let us find smooth air . " My prayers were earnest but went unanswered . The turbulence continued for nearly the whole flight . "  How was your fight ? " my host asked , meeting me at the airport . "  It was terrible . Really turbulent , " I replied . "  Well , you made it safe and sound , " my host said , glossing over my terror . "  We 're glad you 're here . " A familiar feeling takes hold In four days , I would have to fly again , returning home . I put this return trip out of my mind , focusing on my days of teaching . There were tools to teach and anecdotes to share . My fear of flying had no place in the curriculum . It was n't until I was driving to the airport days later that I felt my familiar fear taking hold . "  It went well , " said my host . "  I hope you 'll come back next year . " I smiled politely , remembering my turbulent trip . I certainly did n't want to repeat it . As we approached the airport , I lost my ability for polite conversation . "  Cat got your tongue ? " my host asked . "  I 'm afraid of flying , " I reluctantly confessed . "  Very afraid of flying . " My host repeated the usual reassurance : "  Why , flying is safer than our driving to the airport . " "  I know that , " I said , "  But it does n't help . " And it did n't . The flight home was smooth , but I was braced for turbulence . I spent a long three hours dreading the bumps that did not come . An inspiration fueled by fear When I got home safely , my publisher called . "  Tell me your teaching went well ? " he asked . "  It did , " I said . "  It 's the flying that 's hard . " "  Why , flying is safer than driving to the airport , " he assured me . "  I know , I know , " I said . "  My fear is n't rational . I think it has to do with not having control . Flying , you put your life in your pilot 's hands . That takes an act of faith . " "  Why do n't you write me a little book on the fear of flying , " he asked . "  Maybe writing would help you . " Who wants to confess an irrational fear , much less in print ? "  I feel like such a baby , " I complained to my friends . But I agreed to do it , and an assignment was an assignment . And as the time neared for my next flight , I found myself watching my fear with a new objectivity . Afraid to even pack , I prayed for the willingness to begin . Making my packing list , I felt calmer . Executing it early , I felt good . "  Maybe there 's something to be said for prayer , " I caught myself thinking . Writing down specific prayers And so I wrote out prayers for each step of my journey , asking in particular for freedom from turbulence . Determined to fly fearlessly , I asked for help . Unlike my neighbors on the flight , I did not order a drink or take a pill . Instead , I prayed . And when I did so , I felt an unfamiliar calm stealing over me . My neighbor noticed my calm . "  What are you doing ? " I was asked through a double scotch . I opted for candor . "  I 'm praying , " I said . "  I 'm drinking , " said my neighbor . "  Teach me to pray . " And so , I led a prayer and then another . My neighbor exclaimed , "  I do feel better ! " My mind ticked back to my assignment . I thought of the prayers I use . You do not need to believe in anything specific . Even if you do n't believe , acting as if you do can bring you calm . Before takeoff prayer Dear God , please help our pilot . Please help me to trust his wisdom and skill . Please help me to let go . Let our flight be smooth and uneventful . Let us land without mishaps . Amen . Prayer for turbulence God , please guide us to smooth air . Please , please , end this turbulence . Quiet my nerves and give me faith . Thank you for your help . Amen . Landing prayer Dear God , Please give us a safe landing . Please see that the gears work smoothly . Lock them firmly into place . Let us hear the mechanisms working . Let us trust the hydraulics . Bless our ears . Amen . One more calming suggestion Using my tips to pray , pack early and tell myself to postpone my fear until tomorrow  when I tell myself to postpone it again  , I recently took a trip to Tel Aviv . That entailed eleven hours of airtime , almost all of it turbulent . Instead of my usual fear , I found myself trusting our pilot and our plane . I visualized each bump like a wave on water . While not relaxed enough to sleep , I was relaxed enough to read . This brought me to another tip : Buy tabloids . Celebrity gossip is engrossing . Celebrity cellulite can make you forget turbulence .	Knowing flying is safer than driving has never calmed Julia Cameron 's fear of flying Instead of running away from her fears , Cameron wrote prayers to address them "  The Artist 's Way " author also packs early and buys certain magazines to help fight fear
CNN  -- A man alleged to be a senior member of a Tijuana-based drug cartel was extradited from Mexico to the United States on Friday to stand trial . Eduardo Arellano-Felix , 55 , faces charges of narcotics trafficking , racketeering and money laundering . He was arrested on October 25 , 2008 , after a gunbattle with Mexican forces , the Justice Department said . Arellano-Felix was ordered extradited to the United States in 2010 but spent nearly two years on unsuccessful appeals of his case . "  The extradition of Eduardo Arellano-Felix today marks the end of a 20-year DEA investigation into this vicious drug cartel , " said William Sherman , the Drug Enforcement Agency 's acting special agent in charge in San Diego . According to a Justice Department news release , his cartel , the Arellano-Felix Organization , "  controlled the flow of cocaine , marijuana and other drugs through the Mexican border cities of Tijuana and Mexicali into the United States . " Prosecutors said the group brought Colombian cocaine into Mexico by sea and air , then smuggled it into the United States for sale . The Justice Department estimates the cartel made hundreds of millions of dollars in profits . "  The FBI is pleased with Mexico 's efforts to bring to justice a leader from one of the most violent criminal enterprises in our history , " said San Diego FBI Special Agent in Charge Daphne Hearn . "  The spirit of cooperation between our two countries is a powerful force in disrupting the criminal activities of these groups that instill fear and threaten the safety of our citizens in the border regions of the United States . " Arellano-Felix is scheduled to make his first court appearance in San Diego on September 4 . The Justice Department noted two brothers of the accused already are serving time in the United States . Benjamin Arellano-Felix and Francisco Javier Arellano-Felix were convicted on drug trafficking , money laundering and racketeering charges .	Eduardo Arellano-Felix , 55 , faces charges of narcotics trafficking and racketeering He was arrested in 2008 , after a gun battle with Mexican forces Two of his brothers have already been convicted in the United States
TBLISI , Georgia  CNN  -- Russian forces launched an airstrike against a military airfield near the Tbilisi International Airport early Sunday , despite international calls for Russia to stand down from the escalating conflict , Georgian officials told CNN . The attack near the Georgian capital city came after a day of intense fighting in the former Soviet republic , with dozens of Russian warplanes bombing civilian and military targets in Georgia on Saturday . As many as 2,000 people had been killed in the capital of separatist Georgian province South Ossetia , according to a Russian ambassador . "  The city of Tskhinvali no longer exists . There is nothing left . It was wiped out by the Georgian military , " the Russian news agency Interfax said , quoting the Russian ambassador to Georgia , Vyacheslav Kovalenko . Tskhinvali residents who survived the bombardment by hiding in basements and later fled the city estimated that hundreds of civilians had died . They said bodies were everywhere , according to The Associated Press . CNN could not independently confirm any death tolls , which varied greatly depending on the source . Alexander Lomaia , secretary of Georgia 's National Security Council , said dozens of Georgian troops had lost their lives . Watch Georgian minister describe fighting in South Ossetia " "  Our losses are mounting ... as many as 40 military servicemen killed and over 100 wounded , " he said . "  The losses are also mounting among civilian population in the cities . " Lomaia said Georgian troops in Tskhinvali were engaged in fierce ground battles on Saturday with Russian troops , whom he said were engaged in a full-scale military operation . The operation included tanks , armored vehicles , heavy artillery , soldiers and paratroopers , Lomaia said . Military aircraft were crossing the Georgian border about every 15 minutes , he said , hitting civilian , economic and military targets . He said that at least 50 military jets were being used . Watch images of crashed Georgian war plane " "  Frankly , we have not expected the Russian invaders to hit our residential buildings , to hit our peaceful cities , to hit our peaceful citizens , " he said . He said he could n't confirm whether Georgia 's capital , Tbilisi , had been hit . "  From the legal point of view , our actions are absolutely justified and legitimate , " Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said in Vladikavkaz , the capital of the Russian region of North Ossetia . "  Moreover , they are necessary . " He arrived in the region that borders South Ossetia on Saturday night . Putin 's press secretary told Interfax that the premier was concerned about the flood of refugees arriving in Russia from South Ossetia . Russian officials said that more than 30,000 refugees have left South Ossetia and crossed into Russia over the past two days , Interfax reported . "  The actions of the Georgian authorities in South Ossetia are a crime , of course , primarily a crime against their own people , " Putin said . "  This aggression led to numerous casualties , among civilians in particular , and virtually caused a real humanitarian catastrophe . And that is already a crime against the Ossetian people , " he said . "  At the same time I would like to stress that Georgia has always been greatly respected in Russia and Georgians regarded as brotherly people , " the premier said . Russians struck several major targets Saturday , including the Black Sea port of Poti , an airport , a major pipeline and a military base and train station in Senaki in western Georgia , Lomaia said . Georgian officials said that a center housing civilians had also been hit . Eight Georgians died in the port town , Georgian officials said . The Kodori Gorge in upper Abkhazia -- a second breakaway province in Georgia -- was also bombarded by at least 12 Russian jets , Lomaia said . Georgia 's public television station reported a second round of bombings in Abkhazia at just before 11:30 p.m. Military bases at Vaziani and Marneuli also came under attack , the British Foreign Office said , and Russian aircraft bombed the Georgian town of Gori , about 35 miles northwest of Tbilisi , Georgian officials said . An Associated Press reporter who visited Gori shortly after the Russian airstrikes Saturday saw several apartment buildings in ruins , some still on fire , and scores of dead bodies and bloodied civilians . The elderly , women and children were among the victims . A Russian naval fleet was anchored in the Black Sea port of Ochamchire in Abkhazia province , Lomaia added . "  We have managed to down 10 Russian jets , and one of the pilots has been captured alive and is being treated in a military hospital , " Lomaia said . "  We have also destroyed up to 30 Russian tanks and heavy military -LSB- vehicles -RSB- . " The situation in South Ossetia escalated rapidly from Thursday night , when Georgia said it had launched an operation into the region after its unilateral cease-fire was met with artillery fire from separatists that killed 10 people , including peacekeepers and civilians . It accused Russia of backing the separatists . Russian tanks began rolling into Georgia on Thursday night . On Saturday , the Georgian parliament approved President Mikhail Saakashvili 's request to impose a "  state of war " for 15 days , officials said . The order is not a formal declaration of war and stops short of declaring martial law , according to Georgian officials . It gives Saakashvili powers he would not ordinarily have , such as issuing curfews , restricting the movement of people or limiting commercial activities , those officials said . Saakashvili asked Western leaders to pressure Russia to agree to an immediate cease-fire . "  We are dealing with absolutely criminal and crazy acts of irresponsible and reckless decision makers , which is on the ground producing dramatic and tragic consequences , " Saakashvili said Saturday afternoon . U.S. President Bush , speaking from Beijing , China , called for an immediate halt to the violence , a stand-down by all troops and an end to the Russian bombings . He urged the sides to return to "  the status quo of August the 6th . " Watch Bush express concerns over situation " "  The attacks are occurring in regions of Georgia far from the zone of conflict in South Ossetia . They mark a dangerous escalation in the crisis , " Bush said in a statement while attending the Olympic Games , according to The Associated Press . Bush spoke Saturday evening to Saakashvili and Russian President Medvedev , a White House spokesman said . The war , Saakashvili said , "  is not about South Ossetia . It has never been in the first place . It is about destroying a small democratic nation aspiring to live in peace , freedom and liberty . " "  This unprovoked , long-time-ago-planned invasion and aggression must stop , " he said . It was unclear which side controlled Tskhinvali on Saturday . The Georgians said fighting raged , but the Russians said they had "  liberated " the city . "  Battalion task forces have fully liberated Tskhinvali of Georgian armed forces and started pushing Georgian units out of the area of responsibility of the peacekeeping forces , " General Vladimir Boldyrev , commander of the Russian Ground Forces , told Interfax . Colonel-General Anatoly Nogovitsyn , a spokesman for the Russian Defense Ministry , said that Georgians had shot down two Russian aircraft , contradicting Georgian claims . Georgia , a pro-Western ally of the United States , is intent on asserting its authority over South Ossetia and Abkhazia . Both have strong Russian-backed separatist movements . Inside South Ossetia , civilians have been without water , electricity and basic services for more than a day , said Maia Kardava , a Red Cross spokeswoman in Tbilisi . She said the Red Cross was unable to reach colleagues based in Tskhinvali because their phones had lost power and they were huddled in bomb shelters . CNN 's Elise Labott and journalist Elene Gotsadze contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	2,000 people have been killed in South Ossetia , Russian ambassador says 40 military killed and mounting civilian casualties , Georgia official says Russian prime minister : Georgia 's actions are "  crime against their own people . " French President Nicolas Sarkozy proposes an immediate cease-fire
CNN  -- It 's one of the largest age gaps between presidential candidates in American history . Only 20 percent of those polled said Sen. John McCain 's age would be a factor when they voted in November . Republican Sen. John McCain is 72 , a skin cancer survivor , and would be the oldest man sworn in for a first term as president . His opponent , Democratic Sen. Barack Obama , is 47 and the fourth-youngest major party nominee . A new CNN/Opinion Research Corp. . Poll finds that may be a political liability for McCain . Nearly half of the Americans surveyed , 47 percent , are concerned that McCain would not finish a four-year term as president in good health . To pre-empt those concerns , McCain has allowed reporters -- including CNN chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta -- to look through more than 1,100 pages of his medical records . This spring , McCain 's personal physician , Dr. John Eckstein , released a letter saying there is no medical reason "  that would preclude McCain from fulfilling all the duties and obligations of the president of the United States . " Still , the issue has n't gone away in the minds of voters . In the CNN/Opinion Research Corp. . Poll , conducted in late September , 29 percent of those polled said they are "  very concerned " about McCain 's ability to complete a first term ; another 18 percent are "  somewhat concerned . " Results : How important is health , age of candidates ? " That compares with just 8 percent who said they are "  very concerned " about Obama 's ability to finish his first term in good health and 11 percent who said they are "  somewhat concerned . " Obama has not released any medical records ; however , his campaign released a statement from his doctor saying he is in "  excellent " health . Both the Obama and McCain campaigns say they will not release any additional information or records about the candidates ' health . Are voters more concerned about a presidential candidate 's health or his age ? In the poll , 20 percent of respondents said McCain 's age would be a factor when they voted in November . "  McCain 's age appears to be having the roughly the same effect that Ronald Reagan 's age had in 1980 , " according to Keating Holland , CNN 's polling director . "  Back then , when Reagan was 69 years old , concerns were raised about his age , " Holland said . That obviously did n't prevent Reagan from winning , but then again , the election in 1980 election turned out not to be a particularly close one . " A candidate 's health is far from the top of voters ' concerns . Just 7 percent of those surveyed in the poll said it would be the "  single most important factor " in their vote , and 24 percent said it would be "  one of several important factors " they would consider . How concerned are voters about McCain 's and Obama 's medical histories ? Of those polled , 33 percent said they would be concerned about the health of a candidate who once had cancer but no longer does ; 14 percent said they would be concerned about the health of a former smoker . McCain quit smoking in 1980 . Obama quit last year as he launched his presidential campaign but admits he 's "  bummed " cigarettes since then . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. . Poll also included more hypothetical questions . Eighty-nine percent said they would worry about a candidate who was an alcoholic , and 47 percent said they 'd be concerned about a recovered alcoholic . Still , some voters are hard to ruffle . Nearly one in four said they would be "  not very concerned " or "  not concerned at all " even if a candidate suffered a heart attack during the presidential campaign . The good news for McCain and Obama is that in this election , their health is n't nearly as important to voters as their plans for health care , the economy and the war in Iraq . But in a close race , anything could make the difference .	Poll : Nearly 47 percent of Americans concerned McCain would n't finish first term John McCain , 72 , survived cancer , could be oldest sworn first-term president Barack Obama , 47 , a former smoker and fourth-youngest major party nominee Only 7 percent of voters said health is "  single most important factor " in decision
The December gang-rape and murder of a young woman in New Delhi has stirred consciences in India in a way I have never before experienced : It has forced Indians to confront a terrible truth that for our girls and women , violence and discrimination are facts of daily life , an epidemic that , researchers say , claims nearly 2 million lives in India each year . But now the real work begins for each of us who took to the streets in protest . How do we channel the energy of those demonstrations into real solutions for our communities ? I got a taste of the challenge earlier this month , when officials from the Barabanki district in Uttar Pradesh , a state adjoining New Delhi , asked if I would lead a workshop promoting teen safety and gender sensitivity for the government schools . I was disappointed to see they had invited only the heads of girls ' schools . And so I accepted under one condition : that the principals of the district 's boys ' schools attend as well . Because if there 's one thing I 'm certain of it 's that all the candlelight vigils , passion and protests will be in vain if we do n't figure out how to make men and boys part of this growing movement to transform gender relations in my country . For more than a decade I 've worked for the poverty-fighting group CARE as a community educator on health and gender issues . I 've seen how the deep inequalities between women and men trap millions of Indian families in cycle of poverty . But along the way , I 've also met countless men who , given an opportunity , were willing to examine and improve their behavior towards the girls and women in their lives . The fact is most people want what is best for their loved ones . Aggressive behavior toward women is n't innate . It 's learned and can be unlearned . When prompted to reflect on their attitudes towards women 's education , sharing domestic tasks , having girl children , and even violence , the boys and men I work with every day can and do change . Opinion : Misogyny in India : We are all guilty Often it starts with something simple , like the laundry . I think of Ram , a man I worked with in the village of Pavaiya Viran . A husband and father with a macho job -- he drills underground pumps -- Ram attended sessions where he was given a chance to analyze gender roles in his life . He understood that men and boys are under pressure to express power and that when they feel weak or frustrated , their gut reaction is often to demonstrate power , even if that means violent or abusive behavior . Ram eventually adopted a new outlook ; that truly strong men do n't show power , they show care . "  Let the other men laugh at me for cooking and washing clothes , " he told me . "  Why should my wife alone do all things ? " Now I 'm not saying men doing laundry is the solution . But each time he folds the linens , Ram shows his children he respects his wife and treats her as an equal , not someone subservient . And so I kept thinking of Ram as I gathered with the group of 53 principals from boys and girls schools earlier this month . We addressed the importance of installing security cameras at school gates , assuring a woman driver or conductor is on every school bus , and having clean , working toilets at schools so girls and boys are not forced to go outside to relieve themselves . This was all necessary . But it felt like we were playing defense . Only when the educators were forced to hold a mirror up to their own lives did it feel like we were playing offense , too . Opinion : End global rape culture Many acknowledged that it 's their duty as parents and community leaders to lead the next generation by example . One principal realized he 'd never even considered doing household chores , not as a boy or , now , as a husband and a father . Another vowed to make gender equity a required part of parent-teacher conferences . By the end of the session , every man and woman in the room was thinking about changing not only others but also him or herself . We have a long way to go , and not just in India . A World Health Organization global survey found that 59 % of women in rural Ethiopia report being subjected to sexual violence from their intimate partner , 62 % of women in Peru report physical violence at the hands of their partners and 30 % of women in rural Bangladesh say their first sexual experience was forced . The problem is not confined to the developing world either . Nearly one in five women in the United States has been raped or has experienced attempted rape . Even so , I 'm confident that the Indian people can demonstrate to the world that we 're not powerless in the face of some global epidemic . We can change . That starts by treating this moment not as some global airing of our dirty laundry but rather a national awakening to the reality that all of us -- girls and boys , women and men -- must do our part in cleaning it .	Suniti Neogy : Gang-rape , murder in New Delhi has forced many Indians to confront truth She says she was asked to lead workshop promoting gender sensitivity in an Indian district She said adult male teachers said they had not considered helping wives around house Neogy : For kids to learn respect for women , they must see it modeled by adults they respect
Paris  CNN  -- Search teams retrieved a body from the wreckage of the Air France airbus that crashed into the Atlantic in 2009 , the French Interior Ministry said . The body was still attached to a seat and "  appeared degraded , " the ministry added in a written statement . "  The attempts to bring up the bodies were made in particularly complex conditions . Considerable uncertainties still remain regarding the technical feasibility of recovering the bodies , " the French Ministry statement said . DNA samples from the remains -- recovered from a depth of 3900 meters  12,700 feet  - will be sent to a laboratory for analysis , the statement added . Thursday 's announcement came days after the flight recorders were located . All 228 people aboard the Airbus A330 Flight 447 from Rio de Janeiro to Paris were killed on June 1 , 2009 . Until now , 50 bodies had been recovered on the surface after the crash . However , some relatives of those who died have expressed reservations about remains being brought to the surface . Last month Robert Soulas , head of a support group for families of flight victims , said : "  For me , personally I would like to leave the bodies of my children , my two children , on the seabed . " Other relatives have called for the bodies to be recovered . The Airbus A330 's pilots lost contact with air traffic controllers while flying across an area of the Atlantic Ocean known for constant bands of severe turbulence , officials said . But exactly what caused the plane to plunge into the sea has remains a mystery . France 's Bureau of Investigation and Analysis  BEA  said on Thursday that the external casings of both the flight recorders -- which record data and cockpit voices -- were in good condition and that they had started a "  drying " process . It would take a couple of days for the units to dry and then approximately a week or two before they could determine if both were still working , the BEA said . Martine Del Bono , a spokeswoman for the Paris-based BEA said that even if there was some internal damage to the recorders , some data might still be recoverable . "  We must be very very careful ... we are confident but it will take time for us to know whether we can retrieve all the data . " Phil Seymour , chief operating officer of the International Bureau of Aviation , a British aviation consultancy , said : "  I remain skeptical about how useful this device  memory unit  will be . If you were to throw a computer into the ocean , imagine how all the parts would eventually split up . You also have the corrosive effects of seawater and the immense depths involved . "	Search teams retrieved a body from the wreckage of the Air France airbus Flight recorders recovered and are being "  dried " Air France flight 447 crashed into the Atlantic Ocean in June 2009 , killing 228 people It took nearly two years to locate the bulk of the wreckage
CNN  -- Former captain Ricky Ponting insists he can still be a key player for Australia after becoming the third cricketer to score 13,000 Test runs on the opening day of the fourth and final match against India . Doubts were raised about Ponting 's international future when he stood down as skipper early last year , but the 37-year-old has now scored two centuries in this series after a barren run with the bat . With Australia holding a 3-0 lead going into the Adelaide match , the tourists are facing a whitewash after Ponting and his successor Michael Clarke put on a record-breaking 252 runs on Tuesday . Ponting was on 137 and Clarke 140 at stumps as Australia reached 335-3 in hot conditions , breaking their own record for the fourth wicket against India at the venue . Ponting joined Indian opponents Sachin Tendulkar  15,432  and Rahul Dravid  13,262  as the only players to have passed the 13,000 milestone , ending the day 56 runs past that mark . It was his 41st Test century , putting him level with South Africa 's second-placed Jacques Kallis and 10 behind Tendulkar . "  Am I still the player I was ? I 'm not sure , " Ponting told reporters . "  You guys can answer that , you 've seen me over a long period of time , but at the end of the day I think if I can keep making Test match hundreds or having an impact on winning games for Australia , then that 's what I 'm all about at the moment . "  It is interesting to ask the same question about Sachin or Dravid or Kallis , the guys the same sort of age as me that are still out there playing Test cricket . "  We 've probably all realized that we ca n't play the same way forever , right through our careers , and I do n't think there 's been anybody that has been able to do that through 160 Test matches . "  But I 'm giving it my best shot to be the best player I can be , and to win games for Australia , and if I can keep playing like I did today then hopefully there 's more runs around the corner . " Ponting scored 134 in Australia 's innings victory in the second Test in Sydney , where Clarke posted an unbeaten 329 as they added 288 together . "  I felt I played better today than I did in Sydney as well , probably a better wicket to bat on than Sydney was -- there was n't much in it for the Indian bowlers , no sideways movement for the quicks , not a lot of spin , a little bit of reverse swing during the middle of the day , " Ponting said . He revealed he has adapted to his new role at No. 4 , having dropped down a spot in the order . "  I know my place in the team , Michael 's the leader now and I 've stepped back from all that responsibility I once had , " Ponting said . "  The last couple of years being the captain and batting at three was getting more and more difficult for me . Not being the captain now and having that little bit of extra time between change of innings to sit back and relax and take it all in has probably been good for me . "	Australia batsman Ricky Ponting scores his 41st Test century and passes 13,000 runs The 37-year-old adds 252 for the second wicket with captain Michael Clarke Former skipper Ponting is the third highest run scorer in the five-day game Clarke also scores an unbeaten century as home side reach 335-3 at stumps
CNN  -- A 30-year-old Uzbekistan national living in Boise , Idaho , was arrested Thursday on federal terrorism charges , the Justice Department said . A grand jury in Boise returned a three-court indictment charging Fazliddin Kurbanov , 30 , with one count of conspiracy to provide material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization , one count of conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists and one count of possessing an unregistered destructive device . A grand jury in Salt Lake City , Utah , returned a separate indictment charging him with one count of distribution of information relating to explosives , destructive devices and weapons of mass destruction . "  One of our highest priorities is disrupting potential acts of terrorism . The coordinated investigation , arrest , and indictments in this case demonstrate the commitment of all involved to do just that , " U.S. Attorney for the District of Utah David B. Barlow said in a statement announcing the arrest . It was not immediately clear whether Kurbanov had retained counsel . According to the Idaho indictment , he is alleged to have knowingly conspired with others to support to the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan , an American-designated foreign terrorist organization , between August and May . He is accused of having provided support , believing that it was to be used in an "  offense involving the use of a weapon of mass destruction , " the statement said . In Utah , he is alleged to have taught and demonstrated how to make explosive devices , by showing Internet videos and conducting instructional shopping trips . Kurbanov , who is in the United States legally , is expected to make an initial appearance in court in Boise on Friday .	30-year-old Fazliddin Kurbanov is arrested in Boise , Idaho He faces a three-count indictment in Idaho and a single-count accusation in Utah Authorities say he provided support to the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan
CNN  -- From time to time , Sasha Raven Gross can be seen teetering around a neighborhood drinking hole . She flirts with strangers , talks gibberish and sometimes spins in circles for no apparent reason until she falls down . In one hand is her liquid of choice -- watered-down orange juice in a sippy cup . The 14-month-old toddler is the sort of barfly who 's at the center of a recurring and heated debate : Should parents be allowed to bring their babies and children to bars ? It is a question in Brooklyn , New York , that 's fired up online arguments , prompted unofficial protests and made outsiders giggle . And while the issue may not be exclusive to that area , it 's the stuff disputes are made of in what Sasha 's dad , Matt Gross , calls the kid-heavy "  greater stroller zone " of Park Slope and its surrounding neighborhoods . Single hipsters and others without  and sometimes with  kids complain about being asked to watch their language , to not smoke outdoors near strollers and to keep their drunk friends under control so as not to scare the little ones . They do n't want to feel pressure to play peekaboo . They want to cry over their beers , they say , without having an infant drown them out . If anyone is spitting up , they want it to be them . "  I will get up on the subway for kids . I will be tolerant of them kicking the back of my seat while seeing a G-rated movie . But let me have my bars , " said Julieanne Smolinski , 26 , who feels guilty sucking down suds in front of staring 5-year-olds . The adults who bring their offspring to bars , she suggests , are "  clinging to their youth . " Parents , on the other hand , say that as long as they 're responsible and their kids behave , they deserve the right to grab a quick drink with friends . And , they might add , in a place like New York -- where the cost of baby sitters can be prohibitive and tight living quarters can make hosting guests at home difficult -- they need places to hang out , too . "  As a stay-at-home dad , it can be kind of isolating . Bars , as much as they 're places to drink , they 're places to socialize and meet people , " said Gross , 35 , a freelance writer , an editor for the blog DadWagon and the columnist behind the Frugal Traveler in The New York Times . "  I long for adult contact . ... I do n't want to be excluded from the adult world . " But the divide remains wide in the blogosphere . Around 150 readers weighed in recently when someone posted on the Brooklynian , a neighborhood blog , the simple query : "  Which bars are child free ? " One writer shared the tale of a drunk father standing at a bar while his beer sloshed on his stroller-strapped kid 's face . Another poster announced a bar crawl in which "  no crawlers " would be allowed . The public debate about babies in bars ignited about two years ago when the bar Union Hall , a popular stomping ground , banned strollers from the premises , Gross said . "  At a certain point , owners said , ` Hey , enough , ' " he explained . "  Strollers take up a lot of room , especially the nice strollers . Your average Bugaboo is a beast . " This ban on buggies in a neighborhood where "  kids rule " caused an "  uproar , " said Erica Reitman , the 36-year-old married -- but not a "  breeder , " she insists -- marketing director who is behind the blog F **** ed in Park Slope . "  There was n't a march on the street , but there could have been . -LSB- Union Hall -RSB- relented under pressure and got rid of the policy . " The owner of Union Hall would not talk to CNN , but an unnamed bartender -- who mentioned the bar had been issued tickets by the fire department at one point because strollers blocked exits -- confirmed that there is no such policy in place . In a part of the city where Greg Curley says he sees "  a sense of entitlement on both sides , " and where people do n't hold back their opinions -- "  This is Brooklyn , " he said -- he and his partners at The Double Windsor instituted a no-kids-after-5 p.m. rule . "  We 're a neighborhood gathering place , not a hard-drinking bar , and we 're not jerks about it " said Curley , a co-owner and the general manager . "  But the overwhelming clientele that spends quite a lot of money here ca n't deal with babies . " Rules like this , simple compromises , do n't bother Gross as they might other parents . He 's not interested in taking Sasha out till all hours of the night anyway . But when he gets a little stir-crazy in their apartment , he likes to head out to grab a stout with his little girl . He 's not taking her to punk dive bars where the music is loud , fights break out and patrons make out or pass out . They gravitate to mellow hangouts , and only in the late afternoon or early evening . "  I 'm not going to keep her out past 7 p.m. . When the bar starts filling up , that 's when we head home , " he said . "  It 's responsible parenting and responsible adult behavior . I 'm not knocking back double vodkas while my daughter is stumbling around . "	Babies in bars are the subject of heated discussion in Brooklyn , where strollers rule Singles do n't want to watch their language , behavior ; parents do n't want to be shut out Debate began when bar banned strollers ; policy overturned after outcry , blogger says Dad says he 's "  not knocking back double vodkas while my daughter is stumbling around "
Washington  CNN  -- A former campaign aide who has accused Republican congressional candidate Carl DeMaio of sexual harassment released the results of an independent lie detector test on Friday in an effort to refute DeMaio 's suggestion that he is a suspected criminal . In an exclusive CNN interview aired last week , Todd Bosnich accused DeMaio of sexually harassing him , saying the San Diego Republican even masturbated in front of him . DeMaio denied the allegations , saying they 're the cover story of a plagiarist and suspected criminal . Both men are openly gay . DeMaio said Bosnich was fired from his job as campaign policy director for plagiarizing a report . Days later , DeMaio said , Bosnich broke into his campaign office and smashed computers and cut phone lines . Bosnich denied both allegations . On Friday , Bosnich 's lawyers sent CNN the results of a lie detector test Bosnich took on Thursday . The test asked whether Bosnich entered DeMaio 's headquarters last May on the days when the break-in could have occurred . It also asks whether Bosnich committed "  the alleged illegal activities in Carl DeMaio 's campaign headquarters in May of this year ? " Bosnich answered "  no " to both questions . The report said Bosnich 's answers were "  truthful " and found "  no deception . " Bosnich 's attorney , Bibi Fell , said in a statement to CNN that Bosnich took the test "  because of the serious and public allegations Mr. DeMaio has made about Todd . " "  As expected , the polygraph shows that Todd was telling the truth . Todd had nothing to do with the break-in at the DeMaio campaign last May . DeMaio 's baseless and malicious criminal accusations re-victimize Todd and deflect from the fact that DeMaio exposed himself to his young staffer , " Fell said . "  It 's time for DeMaio to take responsibility and stop throwing his staffer under the bus . " This is the second polygraph test Bosnich has taken . In June , Bosnich took a lie detector test to support his allegations of sexual harassment , a copy of which Bosnich 's attorney provided to CNN . The report said Bosnich 's answers were "  truthful " and found "  no deception . " DeMaio 's spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment .	Todd Bosnich has accused congressional candidate Carl DeMaio of sexual harassment DeMaio has denied the allegations Bosnich released the results of an independent lie detector test
CNN  -- The Mexican military has arrested a suspect in the killings this month of three people with ties to the U.S. Consulate in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , police and federal spokesmen said Monday . The arrested man is Ricardo Valles de la Rosa , municipal police spokesman Jacinto Seguro said . According to Juarez newspaper El Diario , the suspect also was sought in connection with at least one other homicide : the killing of Zapata Reyes , a member of the rival Mexicles gang . Valles de la Rosa reportedly has U.S. ties , having been charged with 10 counts related to drug trafficking in the United States , local media said . The suspect is a resident of la colonia Partido Romero in Ciudad Juarez , the media said , adding that he may rent a place in El Paso . Federal spokesman Enrique Torres said the suspect was arrested sometime Friday . He did not release a name , but described him as being 42 years old and a member of the Aztecas , a local street gang affiliated with the Juarez drug cartel . "  The Chihuahua state attorney general is telling us that this guy is implicated in the killings of Arthur Redelfs and his pregnant wife , Lesley -LSB- Enriquez -RSB- , " Seguro said . El Diario reported that the suspect was captured with the help of the FBI . An FBI spokesman in El Paso , Texas , had no comment , other than to say that the investigation continues . The three victims had all been at a party in Juarez and left in two vehicles that looked similar . They were killed on the roads in drive-by shootings . Enriquez was an employee of the consulate in Juarez and was four months pregnant . Redelfs , her U.S. citizen husband , was a jailer in El Paso . The couple 's 10-month-old child , who also was in the vehicle , was not injured . The third victim , found dead in the other vehicle , was identified as the husband of a Mexican employee of the consulate . His wife was not traveling with him , but two of their children in the car were wounded , officials said . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect , Ricardo Valles de la Rosa , 42 , also sought in connection with another slaying Federal spokesman says Mexican military arrested suspect Friday Suspect called member of Aztecas street gang , which is affiliated with Juarez drug cartel
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI on Wednesday addressed issues ranging from the sex abuse scandal in the Roman Catholic Church to the easy availability of pornography to the "  alarming decrease " in Catholic marriages in the United States . The pope arrives to address U.S. bishops in the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception . He spoke at a prayer service with U.S. bishops at Washington 's Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception , the largest Roman Catholic church in North America . Benedict said the sexual abuse of children by priests has caused a "  deep shame " and called it "  gravely immoral behavior . " "  Many of you have spoken to me of the enormous pain that your communities have suffered when clerics have betrayed ... their obligations , " he told the bishops . Responding to the situation has not been easy and was sometimes very badly handled , the pope admitted . Watch the pope address the issue " "  It is vitally important that the vulnerable are always shielded from souls who would cause harm , " he said . The pope then turned his attention to a different concern involving kids . "  What does it mean to speak of child protection when pornography and violence can be viewed in so many homes through media widely available today ? " he asked . Benedict urged the media and entertainment industry to take part in a "  moral renewal . " Earlier Wednesday , President Bush , first lady Laura Bush and more than 13,500 spectators welcomed Benedict in an elaborate ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House . In remarks greeting the pope to the White House , Bush called the United States "  a nation of prayer . " Bush was interrupted by applause as he said , "  In a world where some treat life as something to be debased and discarded , we need your message that all human life is sacred and that each of us is willed . " Benedict responded by praising the role of religion in the United States . "  From the dawn of the republic , America 's quest for freedom has been guided by the conviction that the principles governing political and social life are intimately linked to a moral order based on the dominion of God the creator , " he said . Watch Benedict talk about his hopes for the trip " Earlier , a U.S. Marine Corps band performed the national anthem of the Holy See as well as "  The Star-Spangled Banner . " A fife and drum corps in Colonial costumes also played tunes , including "  Yankee Doodle , " and soprano Kathleen Battle sang "  The Lord 's Prayer . " The day , with perfect spring weather , was also the pontiff 's 81st birthday . After the ceremony concluded , the crowd , led by Battle , serenaded Benedict with "  Happy Birthday " as he smiled from a White House balcony . Watch a priest who has known Benedict for years tell what he 's like " Guests on the South Lawn included Catholic clergy , ecumenical representatives , Catholic schoolchildren , Boy Scouts , Girl Scouts , Sisters of the Poor and Knights of Columbus . Event planners faced an enormous demand for tickets for what White House press secretary Dana Perino called "  one of the largest arrival ceremonies ever held at the White House . " Following the ceremony , Bush and the pope had a one-on-one meeting in the Oval Office . The pope left the White House at about noon in his distinctive "  popemobile . " His massive motorcade moved slowly down the wide avenues of the U.S. capital to the Vatican Embassy , where the pope is staying . Crowds of enthusiastic spectators waved U.S. and Vatican flags and screamed as the pontiff rode past . A smiling Benedict arrived Tuesday at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland to cheers from a crowd of invited guests . The pontiff was greeted by Bush , the first lady and their daughter Jenna , each of whom shook his hand . It was believed to be the first time an American president has greeted a world dignitary on arrival at Andrews . It marks Benedict 's first visit to the United States as pope . Watch how the pope 's visit could affect the presidential campaign " Security will be tight during the six-day visit , with 27 state , local and federal agencies protecting the pope as he meets with religious leaders , celebrates Mass at two baseball stadiums and makes his way around in the popemobile . Benedict faces no specific threats , according to the FBI , but a March audio message from Osama bin Laden mentioned the pontiff . The centerpiece of the trip 's Washington leg will be Thursday 's Mass at Nationals Park , a new baseball stadium where 46,000 people will gather to see the pope . Everyone must go through metal detectors on entering , and nearby roads and bridges will be closed . Temporary flight restrictions will be in place over the stadium , and a 1 1/2 - mile section of the adjacent Anacostia River will be closed during the Mass. . Benedict will travel to New York on Friday and address the U.N. General Assembly , linking the visit to the 60th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights . He 'll celebrate Mass on Sunday morning at Yankee Stadium . Where will the pope be ? " One of the stated goals of the pope 's visit is to energize the U.S. Catholic community with its estimated 70 million members . Three years after succeeding Pope John Paul II , Benedict is likely to also address the church 's relationship with other faiths , the U.S.-led war in Iraq and the upcoming U.S. presidential election , said John Allen , a CNN Vatican analyst . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Elaine Quijano contributed to this report .	NEW : Pope tells bishops abuse of children was "  gravely immoral behavior " Pope , president discuss Middle East , Latin America , says White House Six-day , two-city visit to U.S. marks Pope Benedict XVI 's first as pope Pope will celebrate Mass at stadium Thursday , travel to New York on Friday
Jon Whiteford had a secret so macabre , that when a Kentucky sheriff 's deputy showed up to question him about it , he pulled out a handgun and killed himself . About three years ago , he deep-froze the body of his mother , Faye Whiteford , law officers said . They do n't think he killed her . She appears to have died of natural causes at the age of 96 in spring of 2011 , Pulaski County Sheriff 's Office said in a statement Thursday . Since Jon Whiteford is dead , there are no charges against him . But law officers want to know what he can no longer tell them so they can complete the puzzle of what happened to Faye Whiteford 's body from the time of her death until they found her remains this April -- tied up in tarp in the yard of a ramshackle home . The picture they have painted so far based on conversations with witnesses and acquaintances has the makings of the stuff of a grotesque novel . Behind the 8-ball As Faye Whiteford lay bedridden in their home in Science Hill for the last years of her life , her son sunk into a financial morass . He took care of her but was also dependent upon her Social Security and retirement benefits . When she died , he did n't want to lose that income , the sheriff 's office said . So he concealed her death and postponed her funeral . He purchased a freezer where he kept her remains , the sheriff said . Talking with him about her was a tough topic . "  We did n't know she had passed away , and we were afraid to ask , " Al Fried , one of Jon 's close friends , told CNN affiliate WLEX . But it seems the two friends did speak about the financial implications of her death . "  I guess he was afraid to report that his mom died because of what I said about the funds disappearing , " Fried said . His mother 's retirement checks were not enough to save Jon Whiteford from getting behind the eight ball . The family home went into foreclosure . "  He was forced to move out of his home somewhere around Christmas of 2013 , " the sheriff 's office said . Whiteford found a house to rent in another county , but was in disrepair , not fit to live in without some work . Law officers believe he took his mother 's body there . And as the winter was a bitter , it would remain frozen if left outdoors . In the meantime , Whiteford moved next door to his mother 's former home , into the house owned by a friend who did not live in it . Inquisitive law officers Eventually , authorities wondered why there were no signs of life from his mother , and a fraud investigation into the Social Security benefits began . On March 29 this year , a deputy decided to go question Jon Whiteford . Some three weeks after his suicide , police brought in dogs trained to sniff out human remains , but they caught no scent of Faye Whiteford 's body . During the investigation , detectives came across the property Jon Whiteford had rented and decided to check it out . There , a detective found a body tied up in tarp lying partially under a wooden box at the edge of the driveway . It was Faye Whiteford 's . The sheriff 's office is looking for witnesses to answer many of the questions about what happened to her that her son would not .	When a sheriff 's deputy arrived to question Jon Whiteford , he killed himself His mother appears to have died of natural causes in spring of 2011 Her remains were tied up in the yard of a ramshackle home Authorities : When she died , he did n't want to lose that income
CNN  -- A recent drone strike in Pakistan 's tribal region killed one of al Qaeda 's top commanders , two Pakistani security officials told CNN Tuesday . Sheikh Mohammad Fateh al Masri , described as the group 's senior operational commander , was killed in North Waziristan , one of the seven districts of the country 's volatile tribal region . One of the sources said al Masri was killed recently , and the other said he was killed in a strike on Sunday . The sources did not want to be named because they are not authorized to speak to the media . While the United States is the only country in the region of Pakistan and Afghanistan known to have the ability to launch missiles from drones -- which are controlled remotely -- U.S. officials normally do not comment on suspected drone strikes . Al Masri was emir , or leader , for Qaidat al-Jihad fi Khorasan , or the base of the jihad in the Khorasan -- the region that encompasses large areas of Afghanistan , Pakistan , Uzbekistan , Tajikistan , and Iran . He replaced Mustafa Abu Yazid , al Qaeda 's former leader in Afghanistan , who was killed in May by a drone strike in Datta Khel in North Waziristan . And , al Masri has led military operations in Afghanistan as well as carried out attacks in Pakistan , which he viewed as a vital theater in the war . The Khorasan is considered by jihadis to be the place where they will inflict the first defeat against their enemies in the Muslim version of Armageddon . The final battle is to take place in the Levant -- Israel , Syria , and Lebanon . Mentions of the Khorasan began to increase in al Qaeda 's propaganda starting in 2007 . After al Qaeda 's defeat in Iraq , the group began shifting its rhetoric from promoting Iraq as the central front in its jihad and have placed the focus on the Khorasan . Several U.S. military and intelligence officials said the report of al Masri 's ascension to lead al Qaeda in Afghanistan is accurate . Yazid , who , like al Masri , was an Egyptian , also served as al Qaeda 's chief financier and paymaster . However , little is publicly known of al Masri . According to the Asia Times , he was not a formal member of al Qaeda . Al Masri may have been a member of Al-Gama ' a al-Islamiyya , or the Egyptian Islamic Group , an intelligence official told The Long War Journal . That journal is an online publication that follows the U.S. campaign against al Qaeda and its allies . The Egyptian Islamic Group is a rival to Ayman al Zawahiri 's Egyptian Islamic Jihad , which is believed to have formally merged with al Qaeda in June 2001 . Al Zawahiri is now the No. 2 official in al Qaeda , under leader Osama bin Laden . The Egyptian Islamic Jihad worked closely with al Qaeda long before the formal merger , however . Egyptians hold or have held some of al Qaeda 's top positions . Drone strikes have occurred regularly against militants in Pakistan . On Tuesday , a suspected U.S. drone strike killed four suspected militants in the country 's tribal region , two intelligence officials told CNN . That strike followed similar attacks Saturday , Sunday and Monday that left eight suspected militants dead , the officials said . The intelligence officials said two missiles hit an alleged militant hideout in the Angoor Ada area of South Waziristan . These intelligence officials asked not to be named because they are not authorized to speak to the media . Al Masri 's death comes as the CIA stepped up missile strikes in Pakistan against groups like the Haqqanis , al Qaeda , the Afghan Taliban and the Pakistan Taliban , with the majority of strikes hitting targets in North Waziristan . Pakistan 's volatile tribal region -- which borders Afghanistan -- has been targeted by drones more than 65 times this year , according to a CNN count . September has seen more attacks than any other month since the unmanned aerial strikes began . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report	The strike occurred in North Waziristan Al Masri led military operations in Afghanistan Four died on Tuesday in another drone strike
CNN  -- Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has warned of the dangers of working in a Formula One pit lane after a wheel from one of the team 's cars came loose and struck a cameraman . Paul Allen , who was working for Formula One Management at Sunday 's German Grand Prix , was hospitalized with a broken collarbone and cracked ribs . The incident occurred when Red Bull 's Australian driver Mark Webber came in for a pit stop on lap nine of the race at the Nurburgring Circuit . The right rear tire of Webber 's car was not fitted properly and came off as he pulled away from the garage , with the wheel hitting Allen , who was facing in the opposite direction . "  The most important thing today is that the cameraman who got struck by the tire does not appear to have suffered any life-threatening injuries , " Horner told the sport 's official website . "  It 's a timely reminder that working in the pit lane is dangerous . Everyone reacted incredibly quickly and the most important thing is to hear that he seems to be fundamentally OK . "  We need to understand what went wrong in that first pit stop for Mark , but as I said , our main concern today is knowing that the cameraman is OK . " CNN 's F1 interactive Nurburgring Circuit Force India were also fined â ‚ ¬ 5,000  $ 6,400  after driver Paul Di Resta pulled out into the path of Toro Rosso 's Jean-Eric Vergne when exiting the pit lane . On the track it was a good day for Red Bull , with Sebastian Vettel extending his lead in the world championship by taking the checkered flag at his home grand prix for the first time in his career . Triple world champion Vettel , bidding to win a fourth successive drivers ' title , is now 34 points clear of second-place Ferrari driver Fernando Alonso . Lotus ' Kimi Raikkonen was hot on the heels of Vettel in the closing stages , but the German hung on for his fourth race win of the year . "  It was a tough race ; it was one of the toughest for a long time , " said the 26-year-old Vettel . "  I 'm happy the race was n't two or three laps longer , as Kimi was a bit quicker towards the end . "  I 'm very happy that it worked out and it 's very special . The team worked really hard to give me the chance to win this weekend and we got it . "	Red Bull team principal reiterates dangers of F1 after cameraman injured A loose wheel struck Paul Allen and broke his collarbone at Sunday 's German Grand Prix The incident occured after a pit stop by Mark Webber during the ninth lap Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel took the checkered flag at his home grand prix
Brindisi , Italy  CNN  Conditions for the rescue of passengers off a ferry that caught fire in the Adriatic Sea could hardly have been worse . Strong winds , choppy seas and thick smoke pounded the efforts . In the end , at least 10 people died , the Italian coast guard said on Monday . But many more were saved -- 427 -- the coast guard said . Ute Kilger was one of those who survived . "  We were wet and cold , and the rain was like needles , " she said . "  There was always these explosions and this feeling you have in your feet . It goes through your body . " Talking to CNN in donated Red Cross pajamas , she stumbled over her words : "  It was unreal , but I knew it is so real . This was really bad , to really know , it is real . " The Italian coast guard earlier said that all remaining passengers had been evacuated from the vessel , with the boat 's commander finally leaving the ship at 2:50 p.m. Monday . The coast guard said it was inspecting the ship and deciding how to transport it -- and where . The public prosecutor in Bari , Italy , said he had requested the seizure of the ship as part of a criminal investigation . Authorities are waiting for authorization from Albanian officials to release the ship , because it is in Albanian waters . Giuseppe Volpe , the prosecutor , added that the owner and the captain of the ship will be notified of the investigation . No charges have been filed . More than 400 passengers were traveling on the Norman Atlantic between the Greek port of Igoumenitsa and the Italian port of Ancona when the fire began , apparently in the ferry 's parking bay . ` Dying of cold ' In the first three hours of the fire , around 150 people were able to escape via the vessel 's lifeboats . But when the ferry lost power , the electronic arms were unable to function , leaving the rest of the boats dangling uselessly by its side . After waiting for hours in rough conditions , one Greek man told Italian state broadcaster RAI TV that passengers were "  dying of cold and suffocating from the smoke , " and that their feet were burning from the heat of the flames . Helicopters with night vision equipment worked through the night to pull passengers off the ferry , one by one . An Italian navy medical team boarded the ship to aid passengers , some of whom had been suffering hypothermia and smoke inhalation , the navy said . The already cold conditions were worsened by the spray from tugboat hoses as authorities attempted to douse the flames . A freighter carrying 49 rescued passengers arrived at the port of Bari on Monday . Photos showed survivors wrapped in emergency foil blankets being carried away on stretchers . One man died after he jumped or fell into the cold water , authorities said . It is unclear how the other victims died . ` Prisoners on a burning ship ' Dramatic cell phone images filmed by a passenger showed flames through shattered portholes , while a wider view released by rescuers showed a huge plume of thick , black smoke streaming from the stricken vessel . Many passengers were unable to reach the lower decks because of the heat , and the water below was so cold that jumping clear of the ferry was not an option . Sea surface temperatures had been around 14 to 15 degrees Celsius  57 to 59 degrees Fahrenheit  , CNN meteorologist Tom Sater said , which would have limited the survival time in the water to six hours at most . Passengers told Greek and Italian newsgroups they had felt like "  prisoners on a burning ship . " It 's not known how the fire started , but it is believed to have originated in the parking bay . A truck driver told the Greek news media that trucks filled with oil were "  packed like sardines , " their cargo scraping the ceiling , which could have set off sparks in rough seas to start a fire , he surmised . Greek authorities said the vessel 's fire doors appeared to have failed , which allowed the flames to spread quickly . More on major ferry sinkings CNN 's Nima Elbagir reported this story from Brindisi , Italy . CNN 's Dana Ford wrote from Atlanta . Journalist Barbie Nadeau reported this story from Rome .	Death toll rises to 10 after fire on ferry in Adriatic Sea All passengers evacuated ; ship 's commander leaves vessel More than 400 people had been on board stricken vessel
Prosecutor Jim Flaiz , upon learning Ohio school shooter T.J. Lane was going to make a statement in court Tuesday , told relatives of his victims to be prepared for something inflammatory . Lane 's own lawyer told the court he urged his client not to make the type of statement that the attorney expected to be delivered . But no one could have fully foreseen the actions and words of Lane , who entered the courtroom and removed his blue button-down shirt while the judge and those in attendance took their seats . Lane , now 18 , revealed a white T-shirt with the word "  killer " written on it . The attire was similar to what he was wearing when arrested by police shortly after the February 27 , 2012 , killings at Chardon High School in northeastern Ohio . Given the opportunity to speak a few minutes later , Lane made an obscene gesture at the victims ' families and spoke to them briefly , using explicit language . "  What he did was beyond anything I could envision seeing in a courtroom , " Flaiz told CNN a few hours after a judge ordered Lane to spend the rest of his life in prison without parole . "  I was shocked and disgusted at how the defendant conducted himself . " Lane smiled and smirked during much of the hearing , laughing when Flaiz described him as an "  evil person . " According to the Geauga County prosecutor , Common Pleas Judge David L. Fuhry was unaware that Lane had the lettered T-shirt . "  I think everyone felt the effect of that shirt at the same time , " said defense attorney Ian Friedman , according to CNN Cleveland affiliate WJW . Friedman said he , too , had no advance knowledge of the T-shirt . Lane pleaded guilty last month to three counts of aggravated murder , two counts of attempted aggravated murder and weapons-related charges . The death penalty was off the table because of Lane 's age at the time of the crimes , according to prosecutors . For their part , victims ' relatives kept calm and made their own statements , describing the pain they felt and the profound loss to both themselves and the community . They also cited the contributions of their killed or wounded loved ones . "  I was very proud of the family members in the courtroom , " said Flaiz , adding he was not sure he could have kept his composure if he were in their shoes . The mother of a wounded student now confined to a wheelchair looked directly at Lane as she told him he was fortunate so many officers were in the small courtroom . Friends , family remember Ohio school shooting victims "  Because of you , our town will never be same , " Holly Walczak said . "  Why ? Why did you do it ? Why ? " Walczak said she has watched her son , Nick , suffer daily in the year since he was shot in the school cafeteria and in the hallway when he was pursued by Lane . "  You are evil . I will have to eventually forgive , otherwise you will haunt me , " she told Lane . Demetrius Hewlin , 16 , died from his wounds . His brother , Philip Carter , read a statement in court on behalf of mother Phyllis Ferguson . "  In our humanity , we still can not understand why his life was taken in such a violent manner , " said Carter . Authorities allege that Lane walked up to a table in the Chardon High School cafeteria and started firing . When the violence ended , six students had been shot , and in the following days , three died : Daniel Parmertor , 16 ; Hewlin ; and Russell King Jr. , 17 . T.J. Lane was known by many around Chardon High , 30 miles east of Cleveland . But at the time of the shooting , he was there to be transported to Lake Academy Alternative School in nearby Willoughby . Lake Academy describes itself as a school for "  at-risk " students who are "  reluctant learners " struggling with problems such as substance abuse and mental health issues . After the shooting , an assistant football coach chased Lane out of Chardon High , and police arrested him nearby a short time later . Parmertor 's mother , Dina , last year told CNN 's Anderson Cooper her son was a jokester "  everyone wanted to be around . " Daniel had just started a job at a local bowling alley . "  My heart is broken . It is torn apart . . . I want people to know him , " said Dina Parmertor . "  They did not know the joy of knowing him . " Tuesday , she looked at Lane and called him a "  weak , pathetic vile coward . " "  If I had my choice you would die an extremely slow , torturous death , " the mother said . Before he sentenced Lane to consecutive sentences of life without parole and additional sentences totaling 37 years , Fuhry said the former student showed no remorse , feigned mental illness and seemed determined to make "  front-page news . " "  A school is a place where a student should feel safe , " the judge said , adding Lane took advantage of unsuspecting students . "  These juveniles were ambushed . " Fuhry said Lane would be a danger if he were ever released . King 's sister , Crystal , called Lane a "  monster . " Her brother was a compassionate blood donor who tried to become a friend of Lane because "  he felt sorry for him . " After the sentencing , defense attorney Friedman said Lane 's comment to the families was a "  very difficult statement to hear . " Lane 's sister , Sadie Lane , pleaded for compassion and prayers for her family a well as for those of the victims . She , too , was in the school cafeteria when the rampage began . "  Many families were damaged that day . Our family was , too , " she said . While the judge indicated Tuesday there was no known motive for the attacks , Flaiz said his office has a theory it would have presented if the case had gone to trial . He declined to elaborate , saying he will meet with victims ' family members in the next week . "  I got a sense from the families they wanted to hear why he did it and they wanted to hear remorse , " Flaiz said . Residents have come together since the shootings , the prosecutor said . "  Sometimes it takes a tragedy for everyone to realize how close-knit a community we have . " "  In the end , everyone is sad . It is an incredibly sad situation . "	Prosecutor says victims ' families kept composure "  You are evil , " mother of wounded victim tells Lane During hearing , Lane obscenely gestures at victims ' families He wore a "  killer " T-shirt at sentencing
CNN  -- You know it will happen someday : Zombies are chasing you down the street , groaning for your blood . You 've been holed up for a week , and there 's spotty cell service . It sure would be handy to request an emergency ammo drop from the black-helicopter guys . No ? OK , maybe there 's a major blizzard . The power in your part of town goes out for days . Your landline is knocked out too . But there 's still a faint cell signal from a couple of miles away . It would be no trouble to traverse that distance if there were n't eight feet of snow piled outside your door . You 're running out of food and firewood . How do you call for a rescue ? So maybe the zombie apocalypse thing is a wee bit unlikely . But for emergencies , it still helps to have a simple , small , hardy backup phone that can make calls , send or receive text messages , and hold a charge for a very , very long time . Yes , wireless networks often go down during disasters , but they also can come back online  at least in spots  before power has been restored to buildings . Or sometimes , voice service goes down , but text messages will still work .  During Hurricane Katrina , text messaging saved lives and was a key coordination tool for NOLA.com , according to Online Journalism Review . Or sometimes , wireless carriers or emergency personnel can set up temporary emergency cell towers within a few days . But the battery on your regular cell phone may not hold a charge that long . So your nasty neighbor who wo n't share his drinking water might be chatting away to his daughter in Seattle while you 're kicking yourself for not powering down your phone two days before . A low-end , energy-efficient backup phone also can come in handy during smaller-scale emergencies -- if your car breaks down or if you just ca n't find your regular phone anywhere . On the August 14 Engadget Mobile podcast  time stamp 50:35  , co-host Myriam Joire  aka Tnkgrl  recommends the Motorola Motofone F3 as her preferred "  zombie apocalypse survival phone . " This handset was designed primarily for users in the developing world , where access to cell signals and electricity can be very unreliable . It 's available in the U.S. from many online retailers , in the $ 20 to $ 25 price range for an unlocked version -- one that operates on multiple wireless networks . This makes it an affordable part of anyone 's emergency preparedness kit . Joire 's co-host Chris Zeigler advised Engadget podcast listeners , "  Instead of spending $ 20 on a pizza tonight , go buy this phone . " Joire noted , "  It 's very refreshing to have a phone in your car that can only do three things : make calls , do text messages and set alarms . That 's it ! And the text messages are all lower case . " The Motofone F3 is a very thin  about 9mm thick  candy bar-style phone with a small e-ink display -- a technology with extremely low power requirements , since it mostly draws power only when the screen changes . The handset weighs just 68 grams  2.4 ounces  . The charger is also very small . Joire especially likes this phone 's voice-prompting feature : "  When you plug in a SIM card , it tells you to pick from three languages . When you pick a language , it asks you whether you 'd like voice prompting . You should say yes , because then , for pretty much everything you do , you 'll get walked through by voice . That 's helpful because this visual interface is very minimal . The segmented OLED display is mainly just icons baked into the e-ink , hard to interpret . " According to Joire , the phone 's lithium ion battery "  lasts for a month or more on standby , with something like 200 hours of talk time . " A 2007 GearDiary review of this phone reported the battery life as about two weeks . Neither estimate had been confirmed . Joire was planning to take her "  zombie apocalypse " phone to the Burning Man gathering  August 30-September 6 in the Nevada desert  . While there 's no official cell service in remote Black Rock City , some attendees may set up ad-hoc wireless networks .  Last year , a cell tower installed on private land near the festival proved highly controversial . Joire tweets at Twitter/tnkgrl , and you can tweet via text message , so it 's possible she may tweet from Burning Man via her F3 . Also , she plans to blog about her zombie apocalypse phone when she returns . Whichever phone you choose as your emergency backup , get it ready to go . Put a SIM card in it -- and if prepaid , top it off with enough credit to cover lots of talking and texting . When you first charge it , condition the battery by letting it drain completely , then recharge it completely . Make sure you top off the charge at least weekly . Store the phone with its charger in an easily accessible place , and maybe put some reflective tape on it so you can find it better with a flashlight . Consult local , state and federal emergency preparedness agencies to find out which numbers you should program into the phone , for both calls and texting . Also , program in numbers for your family communication plan . And of course , program in the numbers of your zombie apocalypse phone tree . Better to give them a head start early than a head shot later .	A low-end , energy-efficient backup phone can come in handy during emergencies Expert says Motorola Motofone F3 is her preferred "  zombie apocalypse survival phone " Store the phone with its charger in an easily accessible place , or maybe in your car
CNN  -- These days , it 's impossible to overstate the popularity of games for social networks , with Facebook titles like "  Pet Society , " "  Happy Aquarium " and "  Zoo World " all boasting massive followings . To cynics , popular games such as Zygna 's new "  FrontierVille , " which recently racked up 20 million users in just 36 days , may seem like simple carbon copies of earlier hits -- most obviously "  FarmVille , " which once touted four times as many players . Not so , argue industry insiders , who maintain that imitation is both the sincerest , and most sensible , form of flattery available to today 's game designers . "  Zynga certainly uses a formula for its games , " says Libe Goad , editor-in-chief of Games.com . " ` FrontierVille ' takes elements of ` FarmVille , ' including harvesting and helping neighbors , and then adds elements from more traditional strategy games to it . Since -LSB- the company -RSB- is notoriously metrics-driven , I predict that they will stick to this formula ... It seems to be working well for them . " It 's a sentiment clearly echoed by Wade Tinney , CEO of Large Animal Games , makers of popular Facebook , MySpace and Bebo outings like "  Bumper Stars " and "  Lucky Strike Lanes . " "  Certainly there are some play mechanics that reappear in ` FrontierVille , ' but I 'd expect that from any game developer , " he says . Arguing that "  FarmVille " was "  basically a rip-off " of earlier title "  myFarm " anyway , Tinney counters that "  FrontierVille " is "  a step in the right direction " for the company because it offers a more original take on an existing formula . The idea of recycling core game mechanics is n't really a big deal -- witness the number of military-themed shooters on the market for PCs and consoles , Tinney said . "  If something works well , why not keep using it ? " "  Games in general , including board games , sports , video games and more , tend to use successful mechanics over and over again , just like movies have formulaic plots , " concurs Brenda Brathwaite , creative director at lolapps.com . "  It reduces risk and takes advantage of existing player knowledge . " But Brathwaite believes the practice of recycling game concepts , while appealing to profit-minded companies , also has the potential to backfire . "  In casual games , players not only want , but need to have some kind of idea how to play a game when they first -LSB- try -RSB- them , and these common paradigms provide context , " she says . "  The key , however , is to innovate on them or introduce a completely new mechanic . The potential downside is that players can get tired of the same old patterns over and over again . " In FarmVille , players manage a virtual farm by planting and harvesting virtual crops and raising livestock . FrontierVille transplants this concept to the wilderness , where players fell trees , clear brush , find arrowheads and build a Western-themed homestead . Some outspoken critics say that enough is enough already . "  There will always be some players who want more of the same , " says Joel Brodie , founder of casual game reviews site Gamezebo.com . "  I think the majority of game players online , however , have a short attention span and always want to be challenged . " "  Some companies are releasing very innovative games , " he says . "  Examples include ` Lucky Train '  create and send trains between friends  , ` Office Wars '  create an army of office workers and fight away  and ` Growing Diary '  a chance to relive your life as a 5 - year-old  . "  I think the bigger question is whether companies that take such risks are rewarded with success on Facebook . ` FrontierVille ' in one hour is making more money and driving more game traffic than all the innovative games combined . " For those seeking the next big thing , experts agree that social games are just scratching the surface when it comes to pushing creative boundaries . "  Social game makers are just getting warmed up , " says Games.com 's Goad , citing Playfish and its swashbuckling title "  Pirates Ahoy ! " as a prime example . "  Nobody 's run out of ideas , " agrees Brathwaite . "  In fact , I think we 're seeing more diversity of topics in social games than we 're seeing in the traditional game market . Because of -LSB- social gaming 's -RSB- nature and shorter development cycles , though , we 're also more able to see the ` me too ' clones way faster . "	Zygna 's "  FrontierVille " recently racked up 20 million users in 36 days Tinney : "  FrontierVille " is "  a step in the right direction " for the company "  Social game makers are just getting warmed up , " says Games.com 's Goad
CNN  -- Now that delegates have converged on Tampa , Florida , for the Republican National Convention , one has to wonder whether there is enough room in the arena for all the conflicting and contradictory elements of the modern Republican Party . There is the camp that claims it wants to be more inclusive , broader in its appeal and more welcoming to women , gays and minorities . Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush recently warned that , because of changing demographics , the GOP has to "  reach out to a much broader audience than we do today . " But then there is the camp that ensured that the Republican platform included language rejecting not just same-sex marriage but also the watered-down alternative that many elected officials find more palatable : civil unions . The GOP platform committee also defeated a proposed amendment that said all Americans should be treated "  equally under the law " as long as they 're not hurting anyone else . Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach , who is known for his immigration hard-line , implied that it was fine to treat gays and lesbians differently because : "  Our government routinely judges situations where you might regard people completely affecting themselves like , for example , the use of controlled substances , like , for example , polygamy that is voluntarily entered into . We condemn those activities even though they are not hurting other people at least directly . " Opinion : What the GOP needs to do in Tampa There is the group that insists it wants to focus on economic issues as the best way to defeat President Barack Obama . Many political observers see Mitt Romney 's choice of spending hawk Paul Ryan as his running mate as pretty strong evidence that this view is prevailing at the top of the ticket . But then there is the group that ca n't seem to resist the catnip of social conservatism and that charges into the abortion debate . The platform also includes an across-the-board ban on all abortions , even in the case of rape or incest . And in 2012 , as in previous election years , even with all the supposed emphasis on the economy , being pro-choice was considered a liability for those vying for the Republican presidential nomination and a disqualifier for anyone chosen to be vice president . There is the camp that calls for states such as Arizona to have the last say in shaping immigration policy by enlisting local police in the enforcement of federal immigration laws , denying driver 's licenses to illegal immigrants or attempting to punish landlords who rent to them . But there is also the camp that insists that states should n't have the final word with regard to immigration if it means they can grant drivers ' permits to illegal immigrants or opt out of a program such as Secure Communities , which requires local police to submit to federal authorities the fingerprints of anyone they arrest to determine if they 're in the country illegally . There is the faction that still thinks you can keep out illegal immigrants from Mexico and the rest of Latin America by building walls and fences on the U.S.-Mexico border , but also the faction that wants to create new ways to bring in an ample supply of Mexican immigrants to work legally in agriculture , hospitality , construction and other industries . There is the group that supports Romney 's plan to encourage illegal immigrants to simply "  self-deport " by making the country more unwelcoming and drying up employment opportunities , and the group that worries about a labor shortage and economic slowdown if that happens . Opinion : Romney 's ` birther ' remark is no joke The party platform expresses support for something that some employers want : a temporary guest worker program that imports foreign labor to offset worker shortages in fields such as agriculture . And it also backs something that many employers do n't : a requirement that all businesses participate in the government-administered e-verify system , which is supposed to determine whether an employee is legally eligible to work . This is some strange hash . What does it mean to be a Republican these days if unifying principles are so hard to come by ? A generous explanation could be that this is an example of the GOP "  big tent " that some conservatives have always dreamed of , where Republicans with different views can put aside their disagreements and come together in a common purpose . A more realistic explanation is that , in 2012 , the Republican Party has become a patchwork of individual interests united only by a shared desire to ensure that Obama is limited to a single term . We 'll have to see if that is enough to hold the coalition together . And if so , what it means for the future of the Grand Ol' Party . What happens in Tampa will be our first clue . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette : The deep divisions in the Republican Party are evident He says some Republicans emphasize social issues , such as opposition to gay marriage Others want to play down social issues , focus on the party 's economic message , he says Navarrette : The only thing that unites GOP is a strong desire to defeat Obama 's re-election bid
Washington  CNN  -- Eight current and former U.S. service members filed a lawsuit Tuesday alleging they were raped , sexually assaulted or harassed while serving in the military and were retaliated against once they reported the abuse . Among the defendants named in the suit are current and former Defense and Navy secretaries and Marine Corps commandants . "  Although defendants testified before Congress and elsewhere that they have ` zero tolerance ' for rape and sexual assault , their conduct and the facts demonstrate the opposite : They have a high tolerance for sexual predators in their ranks , and ` zero tolerance ' for those who report rape , sexual assault and harassment , " according to the lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court in Washington . The suit outlines a pattern of abuse and portrays , in grim detail , the alleged experiences of the eight female service members -- two former Marine Corps officers , one active duty enlisted Marine , one former enlisted member of the Marine Corps and four former enlisted members of the Navy . "  At first it was easy to laugh it off , " plaintiff Elle Helmer , one of the former officers , said about her superiors ' advances . "  When you finally said , you know , I 'm really not interested , I 'd rather we be friends -- that 's when you became the target . They hated you for standing up for yourself , " she told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell on Tuesday night . The lawsuit alleges Helmer was raped by her superior at his office in March 2006 after a required pub crawl . She told reporters at the National Press Club in Washington earlier in the day that she hoped by going public other victims would be encouraged to speak out . "  It 's the first time I 've had a voice in six years , so pardon if it 's a little wobbly , " said Helmer . She was joined by Ariana Klay , another former Marine Corps officer and plaintiff , who served in Iraq in 2008 and 2009 . Opinion : Victims of military sex assaults deserve justice In August 2010 , Klay was "  gang-raped " by a senior officer and his civilian friend at her Washington home , the suit contends . The officer allegedly threatened to kill Klay . She reported the rapes and the officer was eventually convicted in a military court of adultery and indecent language , and given 45 days in military confinement , Klay said . "  Their stance was there were two that said it  sex  was consensual , despite the death threat . That 's two against one . So by that logic , the more people you 're gang-raped by the less your case is , " she told Velez-Mitchell . The Marine Corps responded to Klay and Helmer 's allegations in a written statement Tuesday that said their respective cases had been properly investigated and handled . "  Federal law and judicial rulings require commanders in all services , including the Marine Corps , to balance needs of alleged victims with the constitutional rights of service members accused of crimes , " it read . According to the most recent Defense Department study , more than 19,000 incidents of unwanted sexual contact are estimated to have occurred in 2010 , though less than 3,000 of those events were reported . In 2010 , less than 21 % of reported cases went to trial . Of the 529 alleged perpetrators who were prosecuted , 53 % were convicted , according to the 2011 Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Office , which is part of the Defense Department . "  As leaders of this department we are committed to doing everything we can to ensure the safety , dignity and well being of our people . One sexual assault is one too many , " Defense Department spokeswoman Cynthia Smith said in response to the lawsuit . As a result of the pending litigation , she was unable to comment directly on the allegations . "  Because sexual assault cases are some of the toughest cases to investigate and prosecute , the department has increased funding for investigators and judge advocates to receive specialized training , " said Smith . The lawsuit was filed less than two months after Defense Secretary Leon Panetta outlined new measures targeting sexual assaults against U.S military personnel . In January , he promised increased funding to train military investigators and judge advocates about sexual assault cases , stressing the military has a "  zero tolerance policy " for such crimes . "  Our men and women in uniform put their lives on the line every day to try to keep America safe , " Panetta said then . "  We have a moral duty to keep them safe from those who would attack their dignity and their honor . "	Among the defendants are current and former Defense and Navy secretaries "  They hated you for standing up for yourself , " says plaintiff Elle Helmer Defense Secretary Panetta outlined new measures to combat such assaults in January
With computer technology advancing at an ever bewildering pace , it 's comforting to know that one little feature remains steadfastly future-proof and , more importantly , foolproof . The USB  Universal Serial Bus  is as relevant today as it was when the 12 millimeter by 4.5 millimeter ports and cables first started appearing back in the late 1990s , providing users with a discreet and straightforward way of transferring data between a range of digital devices . Today , more than 10 billion USB devices are believed to be in use around the world -- a statistic that has secured its co-inventor , Ajay Bhatt , a permanent place in computing 's unofficial hall of fame . "  I was totally surprised by how it has impacted everybody . I mean , my name became a common name -- at least at schools and in technical communities , " Bhatt said . The engineer 's high standing in computing circles was famously celebrated in a 2009 advertising campaign by his employers , Intel , where an actor portraying Bhatt strutted into a lab full of starstruck co-workers . "  I truly get a rock star treatment and that is quite unusual to me -- people asking for your signature , people asking for your picture . " His journey to digital immortality began in the early 1990s amid the growing tangle of chunky cables and portals which linked the separate devices on PCs and laptops . One cable would talk to the keyboard , Bhatt recalls , while another would connect a modem . A different cable enabled printing , with another linking the hard drive to the monitor . "  It was more difficult than it needed to be , " he says . "  You were looking at two devices with connecting wires and you wanted things to happen but the rules were n't that simple . It was very difficult for the average person to use it . All the technology at that point was developed for technologists by technologists . " He set about creating a single connection for computers across the entire industry . For six years he lobbied colleagues at Intel and then at other computer firms , urging everyone to jump on the bus . "  Initially , it was difficult for them to understand the merits . We had a big tent and we included everybody , we listened to everybody 's input and tried to address them to the best of our abilities and that 's why USB is successful , " Bhatt said . It was all easier said than done , he says , requiring a radical change in the industry 's eco-system . "  In order to be successful in anything like this you have to look at the problem from their perspective . So , if I went to , say , Compaq -- which is now  owned by  Hewlett-Packard -- we used to think about their issues and what problems they faced , " he said . USB was good because it addressed some of the customer satisfaction issues while also helping computer hardware manufacturers to save money . Bhatt 's own commercial expectations for his invention were initially quite modest . "  I thought this was a  one off  $ 40 million opportunity , " he says . "  I could n't imagine where USB has gone or where it will continue to go . This has exceeded the wildest of my imaginations . " The first model  USB 1  arrived on the market in the late 1990s and was an instant hit . Later versions -- USB 2.0 released 2000 and USB 3.0 which debuted in 2008 -- have vastly improved data transfer speeds . "  USB 3.0 is 400 times faster  than our original USB  and as we go forward I see USB going to 816 times faster , " Bhatt says . "  It 's evolving . The great part of USB is that the first device that you bought can still work with computers today , and hopefully it will work with computers in the future . " Today , around two billion USB 's are shipped every year , with millions being sold every day . But the project has never been about the money , says the 56-year-old . "  Somebody interviewed me once and they said , I do n't know , I do n't know , if I made a penny per USB point and Intel made a penny per USB point then we would have made a lot of money , " he says . "  I think what we did was we created an open standard that everybody can benefit . What I am happy to see is that everybody participates in this eco-system and they are all making money . " The real bottom line for Bhatt though has been an enduring sense of worth in his own personal capital . "  I think for any engineer to see your ideas , your visions on a shelf on a store is an incredible feeling -- you know , because you created something , you imagined something , " he says . "  A lot of people told you that this could n't be done and then you go to the store or talk to users . They 'll all delighted by the USB , how easy it is . It makes you feel good . "	Intel 's Ajay Bhatt explains how he created industry standard USB device More than 10 billion USB devices are thought to be in circulation worldwide Bhatt worked hard to convince competitors that USB could benefit all parties financially The newest editions of USB device are 400 times faster than original models
The government of key U.S. ally Turkey began to crack this week . There are rumblings that an Islamic cleric living in the United States may have something to do it . But prosecutors in Istanbul have said corruption is the culprit . Three Cabinet ministers resigned their posts Wednesday , days after their sons were arrested or temporarily detained in an anti-graft sting , semiofficial news agency Anadolu reported . One of them -- Urbanization and Environment Minister Erdogan Bayraktar -- went further than the other two , not just resigning his Cabinet position but also calling on Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan to step down . On live television in Turkey , Bayraktar said Erdogan asked him to resign and make a statement that would ease pressure on Erdogan . Upset at this , Bayraktar declined to make the statement but stepped down from his Parliament seat as well as his Cabinet post , and called on Erdogan to resign "  to make the people more comfortable . " "  They sent us two papers today -- one for our resignation , the other a statement . Of course I want to make it easier for my party . However , I find this wrong , " said Bayraktar , whose son was briefly detained in the roundup but later released . Economy Minister Zafer Caglayan and Interior Minister Muammer Guler , whose sons were also arrested in the probe , also resigned Wednesday . Erdogan accepted the resignations , Anadolu reported . The sons were detained in a roundup that included the head of a public bank , several bureaucrats and high-profile businessmen . It came after a two-year probe by the Istanbul Prosecutor 's Office into allegations of corruption including money laundering , gold smuggling and bribery . Also , local media outlets reported that former interior minister Idris Naim Sahin resigned from Erdogan 's ruling Justice and Development Party or AKP . Sahin , who served as interior minister before Guler , will retain his seat in Parliament . The sweep comes in the runup to local elections in Turkey . Erdogan had been expected to reorganize his Cabinet , because some of his ministers will be running for office in March . Late Wednesday , he announced a Cabinet reshuffle , naming 10 new people . "  I had mentioned previously that there was the possibility of change by the end of the month . Some  ministers  asked to be removed . Some left their positions . Some are my decisions , which I submitted to the President and he has approved , " Erdogan said . Efkan Ala was tapped as interior minister , Idris Gulluce as urbanization and environment minister , and Nihat Zeybekci was announced as the nation 's new economy minister . Turkey bans journalists from police stations Political rivalry One of Erdogan 's old allies , now a rival , could be having an influence on the crackdown , which Erdogan has called a "  dirty , dirty operation " aimed at toppling his government . Erdogan appears to be in an open power struggle with former political backer Fethullah Gulen . Gulen is an Islamic cleric living in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania , and his supporters are thought to be in key positions within the police force and the judiciary . Top government officials accused Gulen recently of trying to establish a "  parallel state " within the Turkish government . The Hizmet Movement , the name preferred by Gulen 's followers , has in the past thrown its support behind the Erdogan-led AKP . But the two have been publicly at odds over the last month . "  It was a forced marriage and now it 's an ugly divorce , " said Ahmet Sik , a journalist who wrote a book on Gulen and his influence within the judiciary and the police force . Retaliation ? In the wake of the arrests , Guler , who as interior minister controls the police force , dismissed scores of senior police officers . The government justified the purge by accusing them of carrying out the corruption arrests outside the chain of command . Journalists were hindered from covering the mass firings . Journalists accredited with the Turkish police were ordered to hand in their credentials as well as keys to the media briefing rooms in some police stations . "  If there are any developments or press statements press members will be invited , " read a statement from the police . Reporters who had long worked the police beat said the ban was unprecedented . According to press reports , Guler had no prior knowledge of the corruption probe that led to the detention of his son and the sons of the other ministers . He has denied any wrongdoing . Erdogan has repeatedly claimed , since the corruption arrests began on Tuesday , that international organizations with branches inside Turkey are trying to destabilize the country . "  This country has never been and never will be the operational space of international organizations . We will not allow the interest lobby , the war lobby , the blood lobby to carry out an operation under the guise of a corruption operation , " he said during a speech on Sunday .	Recep Tayyip Erdogan announces a Cabinet reshuffle Three ministers resign after their sons were detained in recent days Prime minister blames the instability in his government on political rivals But prosecutors in Istanbul have said corruption is the problem
CNN  -- Those deciding accused Colorado movie theater shooter James Holmes ' fate should expect the whole process to take eight months , a judge ruled Wednesday , suggesting -- while few question who is behind the massacre -- that other factors might prolong the case . District Court Judge Carlos Samour Jr. detailed his estimate in an order Wednesday pertaining to the questionnaire prospective jurors will have to fill out . Agreeing with the prosecution that it 's better to overestimate than underestimate how long everything will take , Samour said jurors will be told jury selection could go on for two to three months . The actual trial will last four to five months more , he said . Other parts of the judge 's order allude to what may be the biggest complicating factor in the trial : mental health , including the prospect of a person pleading not guilty by reason of insanity , as Holmes has done . At the defense 's request , for exampe , one grouping of questions will fall under a "  mental health " or "  mental illness " subheading , ruled Samour . One question jurors will be asked : "  Do you have strong opinions -- good or bad -- about mental health providers ? " The burden is on the prosecution to prove that Holmes was sane at the time of the shootings . Jury selection in the case is expected to begin February 3 , 2014 , according to Colorado state courts spokesman Rob McCallum . About 400 moviegoers in Aurora , Colorado , were settling into a July 2012 midnight showing of the latest Batman installment , "  The Dark Knight Rises , " when a man dressed head-to-toe in protective gear enters . Propping open the door , he exploded tear gas canisters in the theater , then began shooting , according to witnesses . Police say he used several weapons , including an AR-15 rifle , before fleeing the theater . It 's there where the shooter was apprehended , identifying himself to police as "  The Joker , " one of Batman 's archenemies . Holmes faces 166 charges in the rampage , which left 12 people died and another 70 wounded . "  He did n't care who he killed , " prosecutor Karen Pearson said last January , saying Holmes chose his venue carefully to cage his victims . "  He intended to kill them all . " Holmes was a neuroscience doctoral student at the University of Colorado 's Anschutz Medical Campus until the month before the attack ; prosecutors have argued that he began plotting his attack while still enrolled . The defense , meanwhile , appears to be focused not so much on what Holmes allegedly did that night but his mental state then and earlier . A psychiatrist who treated him had warned campus police at the University of Colorado how dangerous he was , prompting them to deactivate his college ID to prevent him passing through any locked doors , according to court documents . CNN 's Karan Olson contributed to this report .	Jury selection in James Holmes trial is set to start next February , court official says That process could take 2-3 months ; the trial may last 4-6 months , a judge says Holmes faces 166 charges tied to a 2012 mass shooting at a Colorado movie theater
Los Angeles  CNN  -- One of the largest Jewish cemeteries in the Los Angeles area has agreed to an $ 80.5 million settlement of a lawsuit that accused it of desecrating remains , according to court documents . The suit , filed in Los Angeles Superior Court , alleged that employees at Eden Memorial Park , in Mission Hills , California , "  intentionally , willfully and secretly desecrated the remains of deceased individuals , " often moving them to make room for new remains . The cemetery is owned by Service Corporation International , or SCI , the largest owner of cemeteries in the United States . The court granted preliminary approval of the settlement Thursday . The case was brought on behalf of more than 25,000 Jewish families , according to plaintiffs ' attorneys . "  This settlement is a testament to the thousands of Jewish families who have been traumatized because of the conduct of Eden Memorial Park and SCI , " lead attorney Michael Avenatti said in a statement . "  We have been honored to represent these families and as promised nearly five years ago , we did not rest until truth prevailed . We are pleased with the settlement and are proud that this lawsuit resulted in SCI immediately changing its business practices at Eden to ensure this never happens to another family again , " he said . This is not the first time Service Corporation International has faced allegations of digging up graves and moving bodies to make room for new remains . It reached a $ 100 million settlement with families of victims whose remains were desecrated at Menorah Gardens in Florida . The company also reached a $ 14 million settlement with the Florida state attorney 's office over issues related to those same claims . CNN 's Carma Hassan , Abbie Boudreau and Scott Zamost contributed to this report .	The allegations involve employees at Eden Memorial Park , in Mission Hills , California It 's one of the largest Jewish cemeteries in the Los Angeles area Plaintiff 's attorney : "  We did not rest until truth prevailed "
Washington  CNN  -- The Transportation Security Administration Tuesday said it is launching a "  full review " of an incident in which the agency posted on the Internet a sensitive manual outlining screening procedures for law enforcement officers , diplomats , prisoners , federal air marshals and others . In a statement Tuesday night , the TSA sought to minimize the impact of the unintentional release -- calling the document "  outdated , " "  unclassified " and unimplemented -- while saying that it took the incident "  very seriously , " and "  took swift action " when it was discovered . Congressional critics , meanwhile , lambasted the agency and called for an independent investigation . "  Undoubtedly , this raises potential security concerns across our transportation system , " House Homeland Security Chairman Rep. Bennie Thompson , D-Mississippi , and Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee , D-Texas , wrote in a letter to TSA Acting Administrator Gale Rossides . Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , the ranking member of the Senate Homeland Security Committee , called the release of the information "  shocking " and reckless . "  This manual provides a road map to those who would do us harm , " she said . At issue is a 93-page manual giving instruction to airport screeners on how to screen individuals . It also gives details on how screening is conducted and the limitations of X-ray machines . The TSA posted the manual on a Federal Business Opportunities Web site that provides information for government contractors and redacted sensitive parts . But the redacted information was not properly protected , and the information was restored by people familiar with the computer program . The TSA said the posted manual -- dated May 28 , 2008 , with an implementation date of June 30 , 2008 -- was never implemented and has been revised six times , although it did not elaborate on the extent of the revisions . "  While the document does demonstrate the complexities of checkpoint security , it does not contain information related to the specifics of everyday checkpoint screening procedures , " the TSA said Tuesday . "  The traveling public should be assured that appropriate measures have been put in place to ensure the continued implementation of a strong security screening program , " it said . The TSA said it removed the report as soon as it learned of the problem . But it was too late . The full , un-redacted version of the report appeared on at least one Web site on Sunday , and was even more widely distributed on Tuesday .	TSA said posted document is "  outdated , " "  unclassified " and unimplemented Congressional critics called for independent investigation TSA posted the manual and redacted sensitive parts Redacted information was not properly protected , information was restored
CNN  -- With over 250 of the world 's leading galleries on show and in excess of 50,000 attendees , Art Basel Miami Beach can make a legitimate claim to being America 's leading art fair . Set against the city 's neon buzz , the annual four-day event -- which comes to a wrap on Sunday -- is not just a big draw for the nation 's art-lovers , but a stampede of fashionistas , style spotters and unrepentant party-lovers alike . No surprise then that here , the blurred line between art and fashion fades into obscurity , with this year 's ABMB taking their ever-incestuous mingling to new heights . For instance , YBA star Tracy Emin has designed a limited edition range of t-shirts and sandals to run alongside her exhibition and , in his Miami boutique , Christian Louboutin exhibited five leather sculptures by Italian artist Caemelo Tedeschi . Meanwhile , Gap hosted a brunch to celebrate a limited edition collection of 45 t-shirts designed by artists like Yoko Ono . And Louis Vuitton hired Italian artisans to construct "  La maison au bord de l'eau " -- a beach house , originally designed by French architect Charlotte Perriand in 1934 . They then shipped it to a beach in Miami . "  Everyone in fashion is seeing Art Basel Miami Beach as an opportunity , " says Lucie Greene , the editor of LS : N Global , the trends network at forecasting agency Future Laboratory . "  Fashion brands are collaborating with artists more than ever . By being present at major international art fairs like Art Basel , brands get face time with a high concentration of high net-worths who are all here to buy art . " And shoes , sunglasses and handbags . Miami-based shoe brand Del Toro has launched a pop-up store in collaboration with Italia Independent . Likewise Etnia Barcelona , the makers of eye wear for the jet-set , have released a range of sunglasses in Yves Klein blue inspired by the artist 's archives . "  It really is a brand fest here -- all the major events are branded and there are tie-ups and collaborations for everything , " says Greene , who has been scouting art and design in Miami for several days . "  It has become such a hotspot for luxury brands and the art crowd , " she added . Handbags and history Art Basel Miami Beach is the most timely example of where art meets fashion , but the mingling of artists and designers is by no means a new phenomenon . Back in the early 20th century , for instance , the French couturier Paul Poiret employed graphic artists such as Paul Iribe and Erté to create textile prints for his creations . Between 1927 and 1954 , the Italian fashion designer Elsa Schiaparelli initiated the modern practice of collaborating with contemporary artists via her informal partnerships with Jean Cocteau , Salvador Dalí and Alberto Giacometti . Schiaparelli placed far less emphasis on the concept of ` collaboration ' -- a 21st-century label -- and she did not prominently credit her artists as is common practice now . But the publicity this work received , particularly the ` Lobster ' dress designed with Salvador Dalí and later worn by Wallis Simpson , set the trend for future collaborations between contemporary artists and fashion houses . The level of collaboration has always varied , and it still does today . At a basic level , a house may employ an artist for the purpose of decorating its staple products , such as leather goods , accessories and fabrics . In more involved collaborations , they may invite an artist to alter a product 's physical proportions , construction and style , or indeed imagine an entirely new product . But most collaborations merely involve a print that is sold or licensed for a negotiated price based on the status of the house and the size of the production , and then applied to the brand 's existing products . Whatever the level of creative involvement on the part of the artist , such collaborations between art and fashion represent an important meeting of the two worlds . Museums around the world have celebrated this and other important collaborations . In 2012 the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York staged "  Impossible Conversations , " an exhibition that featured Schiaparelli 's work alongside that of contemporary Italian designer Miuccia Prada , also known for her collaborations with visual artists . In 2010 , MoMA PS1 in New York recognized the modern-day proliferation of fashion -- art collaborations with "  Move ! " , a series of performances and installations by fourteen pairs of designers and artists , including Marc Jacobs and Rob Pruitt , Cynthia Rowley and Olaf Breuning , and Proenza Schoulder and Dan Colen . Mutual benefit The modern fashion industry is intensely profit driven . The fact that so many collaborative projects come to market indicates that luxury brands regard these initiatives as commercially viable . Collaboration with an artist almost always takes the form of a one-off capsule collection . From Brian Rea 's 2012 illustrations for Marni t-shirts and bags to Damian Hirst 's recent collection of scarfs for Alexander McQueen , limited edition collections have an aura of authenticity normally associated with works of art . Fashion consumers also equate exclusivity with luxury , and nothing is so desired as that which has sold out . The reception of Takashi Murakami 's 2003 collection for Louis Vuitton -- one of the house 's most commercially successful special projects to date -- indicates this desire from consumers for something ` extra ' . This sense of added value makes them more collectable . "  You 're not just buying Vuitton , " says Greene of the Future Laboratory . "  You 're buying a collectable piece which is connected to a specific year and will go up in value when sold as vintage . " The incorporation of visual art into a fashion item also adds an of-the-moment relevance that is especially important for historic luxury brands . It can bring an additional gravitas to functional product lines such as leather goods . Just as there is mutual benefit , there is also mutual risk . Fashion houses must invest money in an experimental collection that may not resonate with consumers . And the artists who collaborate with them risk being branded ` sellouts ' by their colleagues in the art world . However , the potential for wider exposure is often worth the risk . There are also benefits for society at large . For many consumers , a collaborative fashion project is the their first introduction to a particular artist 's work . It comes in a digestible form that -- unlike contemporary art -- does not require a strictly defined body of knowledge . It is open to anyone with the means to buy the products or the willingness to explore them via the media . In this way fashion collaborations widen public access to contemporary art and give them a cultural education via the cash register . Whether at Art Basel Miami Beach or a Paris catwalk , long may it continue . Milena Veselinovic contributed to this story	Art Basel Miami Beach has become a fashion hotspot Fashion houses are keen to work with celebrated artists Collaborations help artists gain wider exposure to the mass market
Washington  CNN  -- Desiree Rogers , the White House social secretary , plans to step down , the Obama administration announced Friday . Her office came under scrutiny after a couple who lacked an invitation were allowed into President Obama 's first state dinner . "  We are enormously grateful to Desiree Rogers for the terrific job she 's done as the White House social secretary , " the president and first lady said in a statement released Friday . In an interview on Friday , Rogers said she was leaving voluntarily and that her decision was unrelated to the fallout over the security breach . "  It has nothing to do with that , " she said . "  It 's Secret Service 's job to handle security . Not the social secretary 's office . " The Obamas ' statement did not mention November 's party-crashing incident "  When she took this position , we asked Desiree to help make sure that the White House truly is the people 's house , and she did that by welcoming scores of everyday Americans through its doors , from wounded warriors to local schoolchildren to NASCAR drivers . "  She organized hundreds of fun and creative events during her time here , and we will miss her . We thank her again for her service and wish her all the best in her future endeavors . " Rogers said in an e-mail to CNN on Friday , "  It has been incredible setting the foundation for the -LSB- White House -RSB- for this historical presidency . Headed back to private sector . " "  I accomplished initially what I came to do , " Rogers said later . "  I like strategy . I like building something . It 's built ... the foundation of the -LSB- social secretary 's -RSB- office is good and solid . " Rogers would not say where she 'll be working . She said she 'll be "  around to work on the transition " to a new social secretary at the White House . She summed up her experiences at the White House in another note : "  330 events . Halloween for 3,000 . Easter egg roll for 30,000 . Music series with performances and the performers teaching the students during the day . Latin , jazz , country , civil rights . " In December , the White House was accused of stonewalling as Congress investigated the party-crasher security breach at Obama 's first state dinner . At issue was whether the White House was protecting Rogers from testifying about how Tareq and Michaele Salahi were able to crash the first White House state dinner . The couple did not have an invite but were allowed in . Rogers ' office planned the dinner . At the time , Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan said his agency would take the heat for the incident . "  This is our fault and our fault alone , " he told federal lawmakers . "  There 's no other people to blame here . ... Look at me and blame me , " he told members of the House Homeland Security Committee . CNN 's Ed Henry , Suzanne Malveaux and John King contributed to this report	Desiree Rogers came under scrutiny after White House state dinner She says her decision is unrelated to the fallout over the security breach . "  Headed back to private sector , " she says in e-mail "  We are enormously grateful ... for the terrific job she 's done , " Obamas say
CNN  In Moscow on February 27 , 2015 , a lone gunman killed Boris Nemtsov , a former deputy prime minister and a powerful and charismatic opposition leader who stood as an alternative to Vladimir Putin . In Leningrad on December 1 , 1934 , a lone gunman killed Sergey Kirov , a powerful Bolshevik who stood as an alternative to Josef Stalin . Stalin 's involvement in the murder was denied , and never proved . It goes without saying that the Kremlin also was quick to deny Putin 's involvement in Nemtsov 's death . The parallels are worth considering . The murder of Kirov marked the beginning of the great purges , the period in which high-level elites were so thoroughly "  cleansed " that the USSR stood unprepared for Hitler 's invasion . Similarly today , Putin 's actions in Ukraine and his refusal to share power with a modernizing elite has condemned Russia to another generation of economic backwardness and political isolation . Of course , Kirov was n't the first political opponent to fall , any more than Nemtsov was . Rival political party leaders had been sent by Lenin to camps in the 1920s , and opposition political movements , including in Ukraine , had struggled to defeat Bolshevik collectivization in the early 1930s . But this was the first top-level political assassination of a person who could have become party leader . Similarly under Putin , political opponents have been killed , like journalist Anna Politkovskaya and Alexander Litvinenko , but they did not aspire to the presidency . And certainly much of the Putin era has been absorbed with the suppression of opposition political movements , whether in Russia , by keeping rival party leaders from registering for elections , or abroad , by invading Georgia , Crimea and eastern Ukraine to prevent democratic regimes from succeeding in neighboring states . In the death of Nemtsov , irrespective of who is ultimately found responsible , we once again have the assassination of a person who could have become the leader of the country . Stalin 's search for Kirov 's murderers led to a second set of crimes , the escalation of repression against the Old Bolsheviks and the show trials of the mid-1930s . Over a dozen of the founding members of the Bolshevik Party were found guilty of complicity in the murder in trumped-up show trials and executed . The question now becomes whether Kremlin 's leaders imagine that they can take the country down a similar path of isolation and ultimate destruction ? Or more likely , is the Kremlin thinking at all , or just allowing the terrible logic of this system they have created to unfold ? When the Kremlin publicly labels the opposition leaders as enemies , and spews out nothing but hatred toward those who have a right to demand freedom , then killings -- irrespective of who pulled the trigger -- are a logical result . The Putin regime has succeeded over the last 15 years in establishing a regime that historically is unparalleled in its thievery . Nemtsov himself had been the first person to start a systematic analysis of Putin 's corruption that , he claimed , includes the building and renovation of 20 palaces , the receipt of $ 700,000 in watches , his unlimited access to yachts , planes , and a Kremlin property management department with a staff of more than 60,000 , and an annual presidential office budget of $ 2.41 billion . This all leaves aside the billions he is reported to have stashed abroad . The regime hides successfully behind Kremlin-controlled patriotism and expansionism , making its actions in Ukraine out to be a response of local Russian-speaking populations to NATO aggression in support of a fascist junta in Kiev . The perfidy of the regime is quite unparalleled since Hitler hid his expansionism behind the desire to reunite German-speakers in the Sudetenland . There is however an optimistic side . The population in Russia as a whole and in the large cities of Moscow and St. Petersburg in particular is not like the first-generation peasants of the Stalin era . They have traveled , they know what rule-of-law systems look like , and they know what property protection feels like . They can  for now  still connect with each other on social media . Twitter , Facebook , Instagram , and YouTube are all alive with information , commiserations , and expressions of extreme anger against the Kremlin . Nemtsov had thousands of followers on social media , and many of his friends also have thousands of followers . Other opposition leaders like Aleksey Navalny , Ilya Yashin , Ksenya Sobchak , and many more remain , and they are both shocked and defiant . Former prime minister Mikhail Kasyanov wrote on his blog : "  Bastards , you killed my friend in the center of Moscow ... with four bullets , to make the point to all of us free-thinking people ... The country is rolling off the cliff . " The march against the war in Ukraine Nemtsov had planned for Sunday has been rescheduled as a march in his memory . One can only hope it will attract large numbers . The spokesman for the Investigative Committee , Vladimir Markin , cautioned the press not to jump to conclusions and then proceeded to put up a bewildering array of possible motives that included everything except Kremlin jealousy : He called the act a political provocation perhaps perpetrated by Islamic extremists angered over his stand on the Charlie Hebdo killing ; or a "  sacral sacrifice " by the opposition itself to destabilize the country ; or related to his views on the Ukrainian war ; or a business conflict ; or an assault related to his personal life . The fact that Nemtsov 's girlfriend was Ukrainian and she was with him when he died was immediately picked up by Russian media . Putin called the assassination an apparent "  contract killing " and stated he was taking charge of the investigation . And despite the fact that initial eyewitness reports stated that the killers were driving a white car without license plates , by noon the next day , RT was claiming that the car had been found , now with license plates from the Muslim republic of Ingushetia . The sad fact is that Western powers did not understand the significance of the killing of Kirov . Let 's hope that this time they will see Nemtsov 's death as the "  shot that was heard around the world " and mobilize to deter further Russian oppression and expansionism . President Obama quickly condemned the murder and stated that "  I admired Nemtsov 's courageous dedication to the struggle against corruption in Russia and appreciated his willingness to share his candid views with me when we met in Moscow in 2009 . " That would mean providing all forms of assistance to prevent the failure of Ukrainian democracy , a dream for which Nemtsov could well have died . How to help the Russian opposition depends on whether they will be able to help themselves in the weeks to come . No one would want to be in their shoes . But standing with them in their insistence -- echoing Nemtsov -- that Putin 's authoritarian regime is based on massive corruption , will be more important than ever .	Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov gunned down in Moscow Karen Dawisha asks if there 's a parallel to famous murder of Stalin 's rival in the 1930s
CNN  -- At least 42 people were killed and 120 injured by flash flooding and mudslides on the Portuguese island of Madeira , the local civil protection agency said Sunday . An unknown number of people are still missing , the authorities told CNN . About 250 people were evacuated to military bases and other safe locations , said Pedro Barbosa of the civil protection agency . "  We have some parts where we ca n't go because the bridges are down , " Barbosa told CNN earlier in the day , saying the numbers of victims may rise as more information comes in . He said all the damage occurred in just a few hours Saturday morning due to "  very concentrated , very intense " rains that sparked flooding and mudslides . The mudslides and flooding damaged roads and homes in the capital , Funchal , and in Ribeira Brava , which are both on the southern portion of the Atlantic island . Floodwaters overturned cars and knocked down trees . Search-and-rescue teams have been reinforced , according to the Civil Protection Agency . Portuguese Prime Minister Jose Socrates said "  the situation is under control " and the government is offering its support to regional authorities . President Cavaco Silva expressed his condolences in a televised statement and promised to do everything to help . Madeira , an autonomous region of Portugal , is a popular resort destination . There have been no reports of any dead or missing tourists . Barbosa said Saturday 's heavy rains were the worst in Madeira since 1993 , when a storm killed eight people . Madeira is one of the Madeira Islands , an archipelago about 600 miles  1,000 kilometers  southwest of the Portuguese mainland . CNN 's Al Goodman , Per Nyberg and Umaro Djau contributed to this report .	NEW : Death toll rises to 42 after mudslides , flooding strike Madeira ; 120 injured Washed-out bridges keep rescuers from reaching some parts of island Hundreds of residents were evacuated to military bases and other safe locations
There 's a scene in my satirical film "  Dear White People " in which social misfit Lionel Higgins is asked to write a black culture piece by the editor of a campus newspaper staffed with mostly white people . Lionel accepts the assignment with some trepidation . Despite the benefit of being black , large Afro and all , he feels underqualified , because he has yet to find a pocket of culture he identifies with at the fictional Winchester University . Lionel 's dilemma is one many black Americans share : a deep desire to have an identity rooted in black culture coupled with the knowledge that what 's seen as "  authentically black " in popular culture does n't reflect our actual experience . We 're left in a sort of no-man 's land , because we do n't often see ourselves reflected in mainstream culture , nor in popular "  Black Culture . " In making the film and engaging in debates about the state of "  black film , " here are five things I 've come to know about black culture now : 1 . There is a difference between black culture and "  Black Culture " Black culture , sans quotes , is the sum total of cultural contributions to the mainstream by the black subculture . It 's a fluid and a multifaceted , often contradictory thing . Meanwhile "  Black Culture " is a lifestyle standard made of assumptions about black identity , often used successfully by marketers , studio heads , fashion brands and music labels to make money . It can be the "  cool factor " that makes kids line up for hours to spend their last dime on brand new Michael Jordan sneakers . Or the thing that makes white people call me "  brotha " and blast 2 Chainz when I hop in the car . It 's what people assume about black people and how they should sound , live and act . Black culture may have been born in black communities , or created by black Americans . But when appropriated for commerce , there is a danger of mistaking "  Black Culture " for actual cultural EXPERIENCE . That 's where the myth begins , and it can devalue real human experiences . 2 . "  Black Culture " oftentimes employs , but is not always defined by , actual black people Often by the time "  Black Culture " is being used to sell a product or idea , it 's already been reinterpreted by white people . This is n't necessarily malicious , but it 's something to note . We are often told what being black is by people who are n't . Up and coming black hip hop artists are molded to appeal to the masses by white label executives . Television shows with black characters might have no black writers or directors . I 'm reminded of a time in college when a white roommate insisted he was "  blacker " than I was , by showing me he could successfully "  crip walk . " It was a feat I could not do , nor cared to match . But in that moment I was made to wonder if I was indeed "  black " enough , despite being the only actual black person present . In that moment , I felt alienated by a culture I had a need to be rooted in . The black experience can sometimes be so concretely defined in the mainstream that it feels suffocating . The reality of being black is much more nuanced and fluid . 3 . Black culture is multicultural Black culture draws from a variety of influences born both in and outside black communities . Janelle Monae 's album "  Electric Lady " demonstrates this : It is a brilliant amalgamation of artistic references as disparate as Motown and Fritz Lang 's Metropolis . Being black in America involves a process of moving through and adopting from many different cultures . To define what 's authentically black is virtually impossible , as there are as many ways to be black as there are black people . 4 . Black culture is not proprietary to black people Many observers had a tough time when rapper Macklemore & Ryan Lewis won the Grammy for best rap album over Kendrick Lamar . There is similar discontent over the lack of black artists being recognized or rotated on radio in categories once "  owned " by black musicians , like R&B or hip hop . But this is not new . Once communities of black artists birth something to the mass culture , in many ways it is no longer ours . For every Dizzy Gillespie there is a Dave Brubeck . It can be a tough pill to swallow . Particularly when a culture we feel ownership over reaches new heights of success in more mainstream , i.e. whiter , hands . There is something unsettling about the fact that black artists doing things associated with "  Black Culture "  rapping , twerking ,  does n't seem to capture the mainstream 's attention as potently as when white artists do it .  See : Miley Cyrus  . Personally , I happen to enjoy both Kendrick Lamar and Macklemore -- Brubeck and Gillespie -- and even a couple of Hall & Oates jams from time to time . But I do n't define my black experience in something as transient as music or fashion . I get much more infuriated when presented with an overtly defined and limited depiction of what being black represents . Like being told I "  talk white " in school . Or McRibs commercials . Or , more egregiously , seeing white kids in college dress as black stereotypes and post pictures of it on Facebook on a day meant to honor a civil rights icon . 5 . Black culture is a starting point Culture of any kind can be grounding and comforting , creating a home for nourishment and rules for understanding ourselves . But at a certain point a cultural identity too tightly defined keeps us from growing . I 'm grounded in , but not limited by , my blackness . When I began trying to get my film made , the confines of "  Black Culture " seemed to suggest that if a black movie was n't broadly comedic , a historical epic tragedy or a street story , there would be no audience for it . But I made it anyway . After millions of YouTube views for the trailer , and several sold-out screenings at Sundance , my quirky rumination on race and identity has been warmly received by audiences and critics of all races . And that is really the genesis of any culture : Ultimately , it 's created by individuals and communities with the courage to do something different and unexpected . Like be themselves .	Director of satirical film "  Dear White People " shares 5 things to know about black culture Author : Many blacks have a desire to have an identity rooted in black culture We do n't often see ourselves reflected in popular "  Black Culture , " he writes
CNN  -- The country that once put the Commonwealth Games in serious jeopardy could become the first from Africa to host the event . On Monday , the South African city of Durban joined Edmonton in Canada as the only bidders for the 2022 Games . Having never staged an Olympic Games , the bid has been described as a hugely significant moment for Africa . "  We 've done exhaustive background work and are now of the opinion the country is ready for a major multi-code sports event , " said Gideon Sam , President of the South African Sport Confederation and Olympic Committe  Sascoc  . "  We are proud to announce our intention to bid for the 2022 Commonwealth Games . It 's a huge step forward in our history - and that of the African continent . " It is also a distant cry from 1986 when the Games took place in the Scottish capital Edinburgh . Now known as the ` Boycott Games ' , over half the 59 Commonwealth nations refused to compete in protest at the attitude of the government of Margaret Thatcher to sporting links with South Africa , which was then under apartheid rule . The 32 nations that stayed away mainly came from Africa , Asia and the Caribbean , and they put the Games under intense financial strain . Should Durban win the right to stage the 2022 Games , it would raise the question of when Africa might finally host an Olympic Games . When Brazil 's Rio de Janeiro stages the Olympics in two years ' time , Africa will be the only continent not to have hosted the world 's most important multi-sports event . Cape Town unsuccessfully bid for the 2004 Olympics while Sascoc had strongly considered bidding for the 2024 event before deciding against it . "  The ambition is to consider  the  2024  Olympics  , " a Sascoc spokesperson said in 2011 , a year after South Africa hosted the first football World Cup on African soil . But Sam believes the time is right for Africa to finally stage the Games , following the disappointment of Nigerian capital Abuja to win the 2014 Games . The Commonwealth Games Federation  CGF  vice-president says South Africa 's previous ability to stage major sporting events will hold it in good stead . "  These are exciting times for South African sport , " said Sam . "  Over the years we have shown our ability to stage the biggest sporting events , with Rugby and Cricket World Cups being an example , plus of course the 2010 World Cup . " Monday was the deadline for nations to hand over official notes of interest for staging the 2022 event , and their late arrival may have caused some concern for Games officials . Last month , Mike Hooper , the CGF chief executive , said the Games could end in 2018 , when Australia will host , should no bidder for the 2022 Games come forward . Concerns have been growing about the cost of staging the event , with organizers saying that a possible way of avoiding this would be to reduce the number of different disciplines from 17 to 10 . However , Monday 's bids have given the CGF a significant boost . "  This is an exciting development for the Games movement , one that reinforces the Games ' position on the world 's sporting stage , " said CGF president Prince Tunku Imran . "  The future outlook for the Commonwealth Games is extremely positive . " Edmonton , which last hosted in 1978 , will be South Africa 's rival when the awarding decision takes place in September 2015 . "  Hosting the games in 2022 will demonstrate to the world how much Edmonton has evolved , " said Mayor Don Iveson in a statement . Canada was the first country to stage the Commonwealth Games , when Hamilton hosted in 1930 , and has held it on three more occasions since . Both Edmonton and Durban need to hand over confirmed bids in March 2015 . The next Commonwealth Games will take place in the Scottish city Glasgow in July .	Edmonton and Durban declare official interest in hosting 2022 Commonwealth Games Monday had been last day for bidders to come forward Canada has hosted four previous times , while Africa has yet to stage the games
BEIRUT , Lebanon  CNN  -- A crowd in southern Lebanon threw rocks at U.N. peacekeepers over the weekend , wounding 14 of them in an effort to prevent the investigation of an explosion in the area , the United Nations said . U.N. peacekeepers were investigating reports of an explosion in a Hezbollah stronghold . The troops with the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon  UNIFIL  were lightly wounded , and some vehicles were damaged including a UNIFIL ambulance , officials said . The explosion took place Tuesday in Khirbet Salim , in what Lebanese authorities said was an uninhabited house . Ammunition stored there caused the blast due to the high temperature and humidity , Lebanese officials said . The region is a stronghold for Hezbollah , the Lebanese militant group and political party that fought a war with Israel in 2006 . Hezbollah has carried out attacks against civilians , and the United States and Israel list the group as a terrorist organization . Hezbollah officials had no comment Monday . UNIFIL called last week 's explosion "  a serious violation of Security Council resolution 1701 , " which was aimed at ending the 2006 conflict , "  notably the provision that there should be no presence of unauthorized assets or weapons in the area of operation between the Litani River and the Blue Line . " Israel said the blast indicated that Hezbollah continued to store weapons near the Israeli border . Israeli Ambassador Gabriela Shalev argued that the Lebanese Army had assisted Hezbollah in preventing U.N. personnel from investigating the scene . UNIFIL , in a statement Monday , said it was conducting a joint investigation with the Lebanese military . When troops Saturday night arrived "  at a location 1 km from the site in order to verify elements related to the explosion , approximately 100 persons gathered and attempted to hamper the activity . "  The amassed population threw stones and confronted the UNIFIL personnel on the ground . As the gathering grew both UNIFIL and LAF deployed additional personnel on the ground in order to contain the situation and prevent any further escalation . "  As UNIFIL troops were leaving the area , one patrol , surrounded by a group of persons , fired warning shots in the air to clear its exit path . " During the incident , the 14 peacekeepers were injured and the vehicles were damaged , the UNIFIL statement said . CNN 's Cal Perry and Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	Crowd in southern Lebanon throw rocks at U.N. peacekeepers injuring 14 Peacekeepers were trying to check an explosion in the area Ammunition stored in house caused blast due to temperature and humidity
CNN  -- Today , we live in a world of breathtaking possibilities . We can send instant messages to our loved ones on the other side of the world at the tap of a finger . We can share vacation photos with friends in real time . We can entrust our private data to a cloud service provider without having to worry about storage space . All this technological advancement helps drive innovation , growth and job creation . In Europe , we are embracing these changes . But alongside progress , we are faced with new regulatory challenges . In a recent poll , 72 % of Europeans said they are concerned about how companies use their personal data . Worries about online privacy are one of the most frequent reasons for why people do n't buy goods and services on the Web . Our confidence in a digital future will depend on whether we know that our data will be safely protected . Consumers are not the only ones concerned ; businesses are , too . Companies have to navigate 27 sometimes contradictory data protection rules across the 27 European Union countries . The current rules are antiquated ; they were drawn up in 1995 and predate the widespread use of the Internet . That is why , last month , I proposed reforming the data protection rules . Our goal is to make the common market for European goods and services more accessible to businesses and consumers , boost our economy and set an international standard for online privacy . In Europe , the protection of personal data is a fundamental right . This right is clearly stated in the European Union Treaty and legislation . To make this right effective , people need to be in control of their own data . So , what will the new rules do ? First of all , people need to be informed about how their data will be used in clear and simple language : what data are collected , for what purposes and for how long they will be stored . People need to be able to make an informed decision about what to disclose , when and to whom . Second , people have to give explicit consent before their personal data -- contact lists , photos or e-mails -- are used . Companies can not use it for purposes other than what was agreed upon . Third , people will have better control over their own data . They need to be able to access their own data , to easily take them to another provider or have them deleted if they no longer want them to be used . This is what I call the right to be forgotten . We want to clarify that people shall have the right -- and not only the "  possibility " -- to withdraw their consent . Finally , individuals must be swiftly informed when their personal data are lost , stolen or hacked . Online security breaches affect millions of people around the world . Companies must inform the data protection authorities and the people affected right away , preferably within 24 hours . But the new European Union rules are not only about helping consumers . They will also help businesses in three key ways . First , they create legal certainty by replacing the current patchwork of laws in Europe with a single set of rules for all 27 European Union countries . Second , the regulatory environment will be simplified by cutting out red tape when we introduce a one-stop shop for businesses to deal with regulators . In the future , companies will have to deal only with the data protection authorities in the European Union country in which they are based . This will reduce administrative burdens and will save businesses about â ‚ ¬ 2.3 billion a year . Finally , the new rules will provide clarity for international data transfers . Personal data can be collected in Berlin and processed in Bangalore . We should improve the current system of binding corporate rules to make these types of exchanges less burdensome and more secure . The end result is that companies will be able to sell goods and services under the same data protection rules to the entire European Union , a market of 500 million people . What a great business opportunity . These new rules are designed to stand the test of time . They will give people control of their own personal data while making life easier for companies as well . Online privacy and personal data protection is a global challenge . As Europe tackles reform , I hope these proposed rules will inspire other countries that are grappling with privacy issues , like the United States . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Viviane Reding .	Poll says 72 % of Europeans are concerned about how companies use personal data Viviane Reding : The current data protection rules in Europe are badly outdated Reding : I propose new online privacy rules that will help both consumers and businesses Reding : Our confidence in a digital future will depend on how well we protect personal data
CNN  David Berry , one of 10 people killed during an attack on a luxury hotel in the Libyan capital , loved to live -- in the words of this father -- "  on the tip of the spear . " "  David was a patriot . David was a warrior when he needed to be , and also a peacemaker , " James Berry said about his son . "  He was intelligent and resourceful . He would not break down in a fight when liberty , freedom and justice was at stake . I lost a son yesterday , but I believe in what David did , and I stand proud of him while I privately mourn , " he told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " on Wednesday . The Libyan branch of ISIS has claimed responsibility for the gun and bomb attack that killed five foreigners , including Berry , an American security contractor . Five Libyans also died in Tuesday 's attack on the Corinthia Hotel , said a spokesman for a security division of the Ministry of Interior in Tripoli , Essam al-Naas . Two attackers were killed , he said , saying it appeared they were Libyans . The five-star hotel is known as one where foreigners and government officials stay and meet to conduct business . The Libyan branch of ISIS released photos of the two gunmen it said had carried out the attacks , identifying them as Abu Ibraheem Al-Tunsi and Abu Sulaiman Al-Sudani . Their naming convention indicates that the men were of Tunisian and Sudanese origin , respectively . The FBI is expected to open an investigation into the incident , two U.S. officials told CNN . According to military records , Berry was in the U.S. Marine Corps , completing six deployments in Afghanistan , Kuwait and Iraq . He retired in September 2012 , after a dozen years of service . He was working for Crucible , a security firm . According to its website , the Virginia-based firm "  provides high-risk environment training and global security solutions to employees of the U.S. government , NGOs , and multinational corporations who live and work in dangerous and austere locations worldwide . " His father said Berry was fluent in Arabic and knew his way around the Arab world . "  He knew how to approach Arabic people on a foreign shore and not ... discriminate against them -- not come across as , ` I 'm am American warrior and I 'm going to do it this way . ' He was very conciliatory in nature , " James Berry said . His son leaves behind a wife and four children . The other foreigners killed in the attack were a French citizen and three people from Tajikistan , al-Naas said . The French Foreign Ministry confirmed that a French citizen was among the dead but did not identify the victim . The Tripoli government , which is not internationally recognized , said the intended target of the attack was its prime minister , Omar al-Hassi , but the claim has not been confirmed . Al-Naas said that at least two Libyan security personnel were killed in the attack . An online group that supports ISIS said the attack was carried out in the name of Abu Anas al-Libi . He was an alleged al Qaeda operative accused of involvement in the bombing of U.S. embassies in Africa . He was captured by U.S. special forces in Tripoli in 2013 . He died in a U.S. hospital this month . It 's this declared link to al-Libi 's capture by the United States that has prompted the FBI to investigate . Fighters loyal to ISIS have for several months been in control of the Mediterranean port city of Derna in eastern Libya , near the border with Egypt . They are suspected in other attacks elsewhere in Libya , including in Tobruk , Al-Bayda and Tripoli . Tuesday 's attack began when militants detonated a car bomb in the parking lot of the hotel . The gunmen then shot their way into the hotel . The high-rise hotel is popular among government officials , some of whom live there . Until now , it was seen as one of the remaining secure locations in Tripoli for diplomatic and government activity . The attack , different in scale and coordination to those seen previously -- even after months of violence in Libya 's east -- sends the message that nowhere in the country , or its capital , is safe . Authorities say they are now in control of the hotel premises and are starting their investigation . The self-proclaimed Tripoli government , formed by a coalition of militias , holds sway only over the capital and surrounding areas . The internationally recognized parliament was forced to leave the capital after militia groups seized control of the city in the summer . The U.S. Embassy in Tripoli , the United Nations and other international organizations and businesses also evacuated their staffs from Tripoli in the summer due to the unrest . The U.S. State Department last week issued a warning advising U.S. citizens against all travel to Libya and recommending that any U.S. citizens currently in the North African country should leave immediately . "  Extremist groups in Libya have made several specific threats against U.S. government officials , citizens , and interests in Libya , " it said . "  Because of the presumption that foreigners , especially U.S. citizens , in Libya may be associated with the U.S. government or U.S. Non-governmental organizations  NGOs  , travelers should be aware that they may be targeted for kidnapping , violent attacks , or death . " CNN 's Dana Ford , Nima Elbagir , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Stephanie Halasz , Bob Hand , Evan Perez , Shimon Prokupecz , Barbara Starr and Laura Koran contributed to this report .	"  David was a warrior when he needed to be , and also a peacemaker , " James Berry tells CNN Libyan branch of ISIS claims responsibility ; names attackers American security contractor is among five foreigners and five Libyans killed
There 's fresh evidence that American teenagers may be growing weary of Facebook . They do n't like the fact that their parents , grandparents and other adults are also there , diluting Facebook 's "  cool " factor . They complain about their friends ' oversharing , and about too much "  drama " on the site . And they 're increasingly flocking to other social platforms , such as Twitter . These are some of the findings of a new Pew Research Center survey of U.S. teens ' social media use . Released Tuesday , the survey finds that teens are sharing more personal information on social media , but are also taking a variety of steps to manage their privacy online . But it was the Facebook stuff that generated the most headlines . According to Pew , focus-group discussions with teens revealed "  waning enthusiasm " for Facebook for the reasons cited , including feeling "  drained by the ` drama ' that they described as happening frequently " on the site . "  The stress of needing to manage their reputation on Facebook also contributes to the lack of enthusiasm , " the survey said . The Pew survey found that 24 % of online teens now use Twitter , up from 16 % in 2011 . Other social platforms such as Tumblr , Instagram  which is owned by Facebook  , YouTube and Snapchat also have seen big growth among young users in the past year . "  Those teens who used sites like Twitter and Instagram reported feeling like they could better express themselves on these platforms , where they felt freed from the social expectations and constraints of Facebook , " the Pew survey said . "  Nevertheless , the site is still where a large amount of socializing takes place , and teens feel they need to stay on Facebook in order to not miss out . " Facebook has 1.1 billion users worldwide and remains the most popular social network among U.S. teens . A Facebook spokesperson declined to comment specifically Wednesday on the Pew report but pointed to statements by CFO David Ebersman in a recent conference call about quarterly earnings , in which he emphasized Facebook 's popularity among users under 25 . "  We continue to have really high penetration rates among that age group , both in the U.S. and globally , and ... younger users remain among the most active and engaged users , " Ebersman said . "  Younger users are extremely active users of Instagram as well . " Facebook executives maintain that teen use of their social network has remained steady . They argue that Facebook is not losing users to other platforms -- instead , they say , more users are visiting other social media sites in addition to Facebook . "  The urban legend  that Facebook is losing younger users  flows more often than not from surveys people have done of younger users that indicate that they 're using other social services ... much of the concern stems from the assumption that this is a zero-sum game , and that 's not how we see it , " Ebersman said . "  We think the overall amount of time spent on services that enable you to connect and share is growing and will continue to grow . " Jeff Hancock , a professor of communication at Cornell University and a frequent social media analyst , mostly agrees . "  Facebook 's attraction to youth is based in part on being connected , but also on being an ` ingroup ' and ` cool ' thing . To the degree that the cool of Facebook wears off , we should see some migration of teens to other platforms , " he said . "  People are unlikely to fully leave Facebook but simply to diversify their tools for accomplishing social interaction . Instead of Facebook being the Walmart of social media , it will become just one platform in a big ecology , including photo sharing with Instragram , broadcasting with Twitter , etc. " Pew 's findings are based on a nationally representative phone survey , run by its Internet & American Life Project , of 802 teens ages 12-17 . It was conducted between July 26 and September 30 , 2012 . Pew also conducted two online focus groups of teenagers ages 12-17 in June 2012 . Pew found that the typical  median  teen Facebook user has 300 friends , while the typical teen Twitter user has 79 followers .	A new Pew survey of U.S. teens finds "  waning enthusiasm " for Facebook Teens report feeling annoyed by frequent "  drama " they encounter on the site Facebook remains the most popular social network among U.S. teens . Facebook exec : We continue have high penetration rates among young users
London  CNN  -- The ceiling collapse that injured dozens of people at a London theater involved "  no criminal act , " police said Friday in an initial assessment . Police said the investigation into Thursday evening 's collapse of the ceiling of London 's historic Apollo Theatre , in the heart of the capital 's buzzing theater district , will be continued by the Westminster City Council . Investigators combing through the wreckage want to know what caused part of the century-old structure 's ornate plaster ceiling to tumble onto the crowd who packed the nearly sold-out show . Nine people were seriously hurt in the collapse , but there were no fatalities , the London Ambulance Service said Friday . "  It could have been a lot worse -- there were about 720 people in the auditorium at the time , and a large area of the ceiling came down , " said London Fire Brigade 's Kingsland Station Manager Nick Harding . Three injured people were trapped under debris and had to be rescued by firefighters , he said . Some of the "  walking wounded " were treated in neighboring theaters , he added . London Ambulance Service said it helped 79 people , 56 of whom were taken to local hospitals . Some had head and back injuries , while others had breathing problems or cuts and scrapes . Images from inside the Apollo , which opened in 1901 , showed planks , plaster and other debris strewn across the dusty , red plush seats . The drama unfolded shortly after 8 p.m. Thursday , about 40 minutes into the play , "  The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time . " "  One of the actors said , ` Watch out ! ' " said one woman . "  We thought it was part of the play . " It was n't . Instead , it was part of the plaster ceiling collapsing and dropping down five stories onto the theatergoers below . ` Somebody screamed ' "  We heard a creak , somebody screamed , somebody from over there said , ` Look out ! ' and then the ceiling kind of creased in the middle and then just collapsed , " said Hannah , who with her husband had snagged one of the last pairs of tickets to the performance in the 775-seat theater . Though she said she felt "  slight panic , " she credited those around her for keeping calm . "  It was n't every man for himself , " she said , noting that several of her fellow theatergoers checked on those around them . "  Everyone was looking out for each other , and in a couple of minutes , everyone was out . " Martin Bostock , who was with his wife and two children , said he thought the cave-in was part of the show until something very hard hit him on the head and chaos and panic erupted . "  You could n't see across the room because of the dust , which we were all breathing in , " he told CNN . "  It was absolutely horrific and very terrifying . I was with my wife and two kids . Thank God , we got out . " Another theatergoer , Simon Usborne , said : "  My view of the stage was immediately obscured by this dust and debris -- some other people have said it was like an avalanche , and that 's probably a better description . " No alarm sounded , but it was clear that something serious had happened , he said . "  Everybody knew that something was wrong and the fear was then that more might come down , so everybody immediately dashed for an exit -- people were screaming -- I was fortunately close to an exit , " he said . Harding , who said the theater had been evacuated in a swift and orderly way , told reporters Friday it was too soon to speculate on the cause of the collapse . Some observers have speculated that heavy rain over London earlier Thursday evening might have played a part . The Apollo is on Shaftesbury Avenue near Piccadilly Circus , in London 's Soho district , which is usually packed with tourists , shoppers and diners at theater time . The area around it was cordoned off after the collapse as bloodied and dust-covered theatergoers stumbled onto the street . The local London authority , Westminster City Council , said Friday morning that the Apollo Theatre 's roof is now "  secure , " but what led it to give way was not known . Historic theaters are required to undergo rigorous roof safety checks every three years , the council said . ' A freak , unusual accident ' Many people with tickets for shows over the busy holiday period will want to know that they are not at risk of falling victim to a similar offstage drama . There are nearly 50 major theaters in the West End of London , of which 26 are at least 90 years old . The Society of London Theatre , which represents the theater industry in the capital , sought Friday to reassure those alarmed by the events . "  Our theatres entertain over 32,000 people in central London every night and all theatres take the safety of their audience , performers and staff very seriously , " it said in a prepared statement . "  Every theatre undergoes rigorous safety checks and inspections by independent experts , and incidents like last night are extremely rare . " The society 's president , Mark Rubinstein , told CNN on Friday there had been no warning of any problem with the Apollo 's ceiling . "  It was a freak , unusual accident -- we have no idea what caused it , " he said . "  Obviously our sympathies are with anyone who was injured or affected by it . " Rubinstein said he did not anticipate the incident would affect London 's "  booming " theater business . "  I do n't expect it 's going to change anything , " he said . "  All of the other theaters are open tonight . We are expecting business as usual . It 's the holiday season , it 's a very busy time of year and we expect our theaters to be full . " London Mayor Boris Johnson had a similar message . "  Whilst this was a serious incident , London 's world renowned theatreland is open for business , and thousands of theatregoers will rightly be out and about tonight and over the weekend , " he said in a prepared statement . "  The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time , " which was adapted for the stage from the 2003 mystery novel by British writer Mark Haddon , is about a 15-year-old boy 's investigation into the death of a neighborhood dog . Haddon tweeted Thursday night of his relief that the situation was no worse . "  It 's been horrifying sitting here watching what has been happening at the apollo this evening . I 'm hugely relieved that no-one has died , " he said . Performances of the play were canceled through Saturday , the Society of London Theatre said . It was not clear what would happen for future shows . Nimax Theatres , which owns the Apollo , is "  working closely with the relevant authorities to establish exactly what happened , " the society said . CNN 's Nic Robertson reported in London ; Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London and Tom Watkins in Atlanta . CNN 's Max Foster , Antonia Mortensen and Ashleigh Cowie contributed to this report .	"  It was a freak , unusual accident , " says president of Society of London Theatre Investigators start to probe what caused the Apollo Theatre 's ceiling to come down The collapse injured scores of theatergoers , some of them seriously "  It could have been a lot worse , " firefighter says of the incident
CNN  -- San Diego Mayor Bob Filner is resigning in the face of a torrent of sexual harassment claims -- though he 's not going out quietly . City Attorney Jan Goldsmith announced around 3:45 p.m.  6:45 p.m. ET  that the City Council , during a closed-door session , had accepted the terms of an agreement with Filner that was reached after three days of mediation talks . Filner submitted a "  signed resignation " that "  the city has accepted " in a 7-0 vote by council members , Goldsmith said . That resignation will take effect at 5 p.m. Friday , August 30 . After that vote , Filner spoke at the City Council meeting -- his first extensive public comments in weeks -- and began by offering a "  deep apology ... to all the citizens . " "  The city should not have been put through this , " the 70-year-old mayor said . "  And my own personal failures were responsible . " A short time later , though , Filner went on the defensive . While admitting that his behavior toward women was inappropriate at times , he insisted that he "  never sexually harassed anyone . " In the process of "  trying to establish personal relationships , " the mayor explained , "  the combination of awkwardness and hubris , I think , led to behavior that many found offensive . " He added , "  Not one allegation ... has ever been independently verified or proven in court . " "  But the hysteria that has been created ... is the hysteria of a lynch mob , " Filner said , criticizing an environment in which "  rumors become allegations , allegations become facts , facts become evidence of sexual harassment which have led to demands for my resignation and recall . " Blasting politicians and members of the media who "  unleashed a monster , " the mayor said , "  The hysteria ended up playing into the hands of those who wanted a political coup -- the removal of a democratically elected mayor purely by rumor and innuendo . " "  They found the weapons they needed in my own failures as a human being , " Filner said of "  well-organized interests " opposed to him . "  But they found with those weapons and they used them , in a bloody and vicious way . " The outgoing mayor 's remarks -- going from a contrite apology to a withering attack -- left many watching from inside City Hall stunned , according to a source who was there . The comment about his being the victim of a "  coup " especially caught people off guard . "  We are shocked that he would go there , " said the source inside City Hall . This defiant stance notwithstanding , it does n't change the fact that Filner 's term as mayor ends -- according to a deal he agreed to -- next week . And when it does , City Council President Todd Gloria will step in on an interim basis . Gloria said Friday afternoon , after the council session , that he 'll soon begin work on setting up a special election . Speaking shortly after Filner , Gloria -- who , along with the other eight council members , had demanded Filner 's resignation -- said that he believes the "  settlement represents an end to our civil nightmare , and it allows our city to begin to heal . " "  San Diego is back , " the incoming interim mayor said later . "  We are America 's greatest city , and we always will be . " The agreement signed off on Friday does not affect a lawsuit brought against Filner by Irene McCormack Jackson , the mayor 's former communications chief , according to Goldsmith . Jackson left her job when she sued the mayor in July -- saying he had subjected women to "  crude and disgusting " comments and inappropriate touching -- but remains a municipal employee , Goldsmith noted . He said Friday that the city will continue to engage in mediation talks with Jackson and her lawyer , Gloria Allred . Under the mediation agreement , San Diego will dismiss its cross-complaint against Filner in relation to that lawsuit , the city attorney said . Meet Filner 's accusers Goldsmith also said that , for any claims brought against San Diego and Filner for his alleged conduct while mayor , "  the city will provide a joint legal defense through the city attorney 's office for the city and Mr. Filner . " Friday 's announcement marks the latest milestone in a saga that has gripped San Diego for seven weeks , when the first in what would be 18 women came forward publicly to accuse Filner -- during his time as congressman and , since 2012 , as mayor -- of inappropriate behavior . Numerous public officials , including all nine city council members and the state 's two U.S. Senators , urged Filner to step down . So , too , did a majority of locals , according to polls . Some of them voiced that view to city council members Friday , before they convened in private session to make their decision on the agreement . Other speakers also rose to support Filner . Scott Andrews claimed "  everything but due process has occurred , " while one woman called what 's happening "  a circus to get a good man out of office . " A few offered sympathy for the council members , given what they and other municipal leaders have dealt with in recent weeks and the decision that lay ahead . "  It is really about the city that we all love , " said Laurie Black , a longtime civic leader . "  And make your decision with the intentions of loving your city . " Even once Filner leaves office , the city could bear the repercussions of his alleged behavior . As Goldsmith noted , the city can be held liable for the actions of its employees -- including its past and present mayor . Filner , himself , is hardly out of the woods . While he now only faces one lawsuit , others could follow . Plus , there 's the chance that the congressman-turned-mayor could be prosecuted by local , state or federal authorities . Speaking to that point after news of the resignation became official , California Attorney General 's office spokesman Nick Pacilio said , "  We can confirm a criminal investigation is underway . " Did mayor target victims of military sexual assault ? Opinion : Will ` Mayor Naughty ' please step down ? CNN 's Kyung Lah , Ed Payne , Tom Watkins and Casey Wian contributed to this report .	NEW : Filner says he was forced out due to a "  coup " based on "  rumor and innuendo " NEW : His remarks left people inside City Hall stunned , a source says NEW : Council president says the deal " allows our city to begin to heal " 18 women have publicly accused Filner of sexual harassment ; 1 has sued
CNN  -- The wonder of travel lies equally with adventure and misadventure -- there is nothing like getting thoroughly lost in a riddling country or culture that is not your own . But it is hard these days , with our ultra-planned excursions , fixers and 4G service , to get properly disoriented . Labyrinths , however , can remind us how it 's done . These mazes have appeared in various corners of the world throughout history . One can be found in a petroglyph on a river shore in Goa , India ; cut into the stones of Ireland 's many medieval churches ; and arranged in a contemporary land-art installation at Lands End in San Francisco . Traditionally , they kept evil in and invaders out . They have been used as pleasure walks , meditative journeys and symbolic life-into-death pilgrimages . Classical thinkers Herodotus , Pliny and Strabo each praised the Egyptian maze of Middle Kingdom that Pharaoh Amenemhat III constructed in the 19th century B.C. to protect his Hawara tomb .  Strabo called it a wonder of the world . Before taking to the high seas , Scandinavian sailors built stone labyrinths to trap sinister winds that might follow them . Daedalus famously used one to trap a minotaur . Literary figures also embraced the labyrinth . Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges 's peculiar love of them is well known -- he wrote once of gods who lived in them , encircled by forking paths . Lesser known is Jane Austen 's affinity , particularly for the large rambling hedge maze at Sydney Garden in Bath , England  since gone  , where she wished to walk every day . Proust once wrote , "  The only true voyage of discovery ... would be not to visit strange lands but to possess other eyes , to behold the universe through the eyes of another . " That heightened sense is n't developed so much by traveling the world as by remembering to focus on where we stand . And the wonder of unexpected encounters , the anticipation of what might lie around the next corner , is a charm of labyrinths of all kinds , from the underground city of Derinkuyu in Cappadocia , Turkey , to the overhanging gardens of Marqueyssac in Périgord , France . Departures : World 's best sculpture parks Derinkuyu Underground City , Cappadocia , Turkey Cut into one of the long , finger-like stone formations that make Cappadocia famous , the underground city of Derinkuyu is an eight-level warren of traps and wrong turns descending about 200 feet into the earth . Believed to have been built in the seventh or eighth century B.C. by the ancient Phrygian people , it was subsequently enlarged by early Christians to foil the armies of various Zealot empires . Nearly 20,000 people could live behind its sealed stone doors for nearly four months , and presumably any soldiers who had the misfortune to pursue them through the narrow passageways would get lost or be squashed by one of the Indiana Jones-style rolling-boulder traps . Göreme , a town that houses one of the best collections of cave churches in the region , is nearby . The more recent chapels are decorated with extraordinary examples of Byzantine Christian painting ; do n't miss the sinister frescoes at Karanlik Kilise  the Dark Church  . Chartres Labyrinth , Chartres Cathedral , France A rose labyrinth , laid into the floor at Chartres Cathedral , was arranged by a bishop in 1360 for an Easter celebration of the liturgy of Vespers . During the ceremony , a representative walked to the labyrinth 's center , killed Satan  known until that time as the minotaur  , triumphed over death and illuminated the world with a yellow ball that he tossed to his audience . The Chartres labyrinth is designed as a single path that coils and unfurls , turning back and forth within a 40-foot circle . Now , once a month , chairs that normally cover the display are moved so pilgrims can walk the maze -- replicas of which exist at churches and mediation centers all across the world -- to symbolically move , as at the crypts , toward reconciliation while passing from life into death . Walkers are exhorted to engage fully in body and spirit for true meditation , leaving themselves open to moments of grace . Departures : Stunning library architecture Hampton Court Palace , Herefordshire , England Hedge mazes evolved out of the twisting paths of knot gardens popularized during the high Renaissance -- an exercise in ordering nature . Until the era of William III of England  aka William of Orange  , hedge mazes were unicursal , following a single path , rather than puzzles riven with wrong turns and dead ends that were meant to disorder human perception . In 1700 , William III commissioned the famous hedge maze at Surrey 's Hampton Court Palace , and the trapezoidal labyrinth remains the largest and most famous of its kind in England .  Supposedly visitors can get lost for hours . The palace itself , complete with a great medieval hall where Shakespeare performed and Henry VIII 's tapestries still hang , is worth the visit . Capuchin Crypt , Rome The Roman Catacombs may not be as famous as those in Paris -- they have fewer passageways lined with piles of bones and are less centralized , consisting of hundreds of connecting tombs . But one particular crypt , separate from the rest , far outstrips any bone pile . The Capuchin Crypt , below the Santa Maria della Concezione dei Cappuccini church on the Via Veneto , was built when the order relocated in 1631 , with 300 cartloads of exhumed friars in tow . The resulting display of skull-pile archways and spine-section "  rose windows " -- now comprising roughly 3,700 skeletons -- are meant to remind us  according to the Capuchins  of the swift passage of life into death . They also serve to remind us of Christendom 's peculiar brand of surrealist acuity . Departures : Top travel apps Bara Imambara , Lucknow , Uttar Pradesh , India The fort at Lucknow , in the state of Uttar Pradesh , is known as Bara Imambara  or Asafi Imambara  . It was built as a massive labyrinth , or bhul bhulaiya  another of its nicknames  , to confuse and delay any invaders who had been able to solve the riddle of its names and locate it on a map . The architecture is early Nawabian , mimicking the Mughal styles , and is the only building in Lucknow without European architectural influence . It was commissioned in 1784 to employ the poor during a drought . Even after its completion , Asaf-Ud-Daula , the Imambara 's commissioner and nawab  a person of high status  of Lucknow , spent hundreds of thousands of rupees annually on the hall 's decoration . Wandering from room to room through the halls is now its own wondrous indulgence . Haeinsa Temple , South Korea Since 1398 , the Haeinsa Temple complex in South Korea 's mountains has housed the Tripitaka Koreana -- the entire Buddhist scriptures carved onto more than 81,300 wooden blocks and said to be among the most accurate in the world . It was declared a UNESCO World Heritage site 597 years later . Thousands of monks from around the country make the trip there every October to carry the block scriptures on their heads in parade . Each spring , a maze of colored lanterns is arranged in one of the facility 's courtyards in a labyrinthine form derived from the swastika , which in Korean Buddhism usually refers to the intersection of truths . Those willing to participate in morning and evening prayer are welcome to do a temple stay  templestay.com  and wander the colored maze or the mountain paths and shrines along the rugged face of Mount Gayasan . Departures : Top private movie theaters Overhanging Gardens of Marqueyssac , Périgord , France In Périgord , France , the hundred-year-old boxwoods of the overhanging gardens of Marqueyssac are still handshaped into a delightful hedge maze that recalls equal parts Carrollian Wonderland and Seussian Whoville . Bertrand Vernet de Marqueyssac , counselor to Louis XIV , built the comparatively simple castle just before the French Revolution as a summer home , complete with terraced gardens and walks . In 1860 , half a century later -- in a fit of Romantic effulgence that shifted the style from flat-topped , spiraling hedge motifs to whimsical three-dimensional landscapes -- Julien de Cervel began planting the boxwood garden .  Hedge mazes in England at the time were being torn down . Here , the sole purpose of the intricate walkway -- nearly four miles of paths curl around 54 acres of garden and land -- is pleasure .  Leave it to the French . Walkers can admire other visitors over the many hedges , not to mention wide views of the Dordogne Valley . Executive Travel : Explore more labyrinths © 2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Mazes have appeared in various corners of the world throughout history Derinkuyu has eight levels of traps and wrong turns descending into the earth Bara Imambara is nicknamed bhul bhulaiya and was built to delay invaders Haeinsa Temple houses Buddhist scriptures carved onto wooden blocks
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano apologized Thursday after some veterans groups were offended by a department report about right-wing extremism . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano apologized to offended veterans Thursday morning . The report said extremist groups may try to attract veterans returning from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . It also said extremists also may use the recession and the election of the nation 's first African-American president to recruit members . The American Legion was among those who objected to the report 's mention of veterans . "  I think it is important for all of us to remember that Americans are not the enemy . The terrorists are , " the American Legion 's national commander , David K. Rehbein , said in a letter to Napolitano . Napolitano apologized on CNN on Thursday morning . "  I know that some veterans groups were offended by the fact that veterans were mentioned in this assessment , so I apologize for that offense . It was certainly not intended , " she told CNN 's "  American Morning . " She said the report was an assessment -- not an accusation -- and said she would meet with leaders of veterans groups next week . Watch Napolitano talk about Mexico , apology to veterans " She noted that the Veterans of Foreign Wars , which bills itself as the nation 's largest combat veterans group , defended the report . amFIX : Full Napolitano interview Glen M. Gardner Jr. , the national commander of the 2.2 million-member VFW , said the assessment "  should have been worded differently " but served a vital purpose . "  A government that does not assess internal and external security threats would be negligent of a critical public responsibility , " he said in a statement . The report mentioned numerous factors that could strengthen right-wing extremists , including anger over illegal immigration and the poor economy . Yet it was the section on veterans that caused controversy among conservative politicians and some veterans . It said "  the return of military veterans facing significant challenges reintegrating into their communities could lead to the potential emergence of terrorist groups or lone-wolf extremists capable of carrying out violent attacks . " It cited Timothy McVeigh , who returned from military service and went on to bomb the federal building in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , in 1995 . "  Timothy McVeigh was only one of more than 42 million veterans who have worn this nation 's uniform during wartime , " wrote Rehbein , the American Legion commander . "  To continue to use McVeigh as an example of the stereotypical ` disgruntled military veteran ' is as unfair as using Osama bin Laden as the sole example of Islam . " The report , which was prepared in coordination with the FBI , was published last week . It was distributed to federal , state and local law enforcement officials . Mainstream media outlets picked up the story after it was reported by conservative bloggers . Watch how the report sparked objections " Though the nine-page report said it had "  no specific information that domestic right-wing terrorists are currently planning acts of violence , " it said real-estate foreclosures , unemployment and tight credit "  could create a fertile recruiting environment for right-wing extremists and even result in confrontations between such groups and government authorities similar to those in the past . " The report compared the current climate with that of the 1990s , saying a recession , criticism over outsourcing of jobs , and a perceived threat to U.S. power at that time fueled a "  resurgence " of right-wing extremism . However , it said , "  Despite similarities to the climate of the 1990s , the threat posed by lone wolves and small terrorist cells is more pronounced than in past years . " It warned that the groups may use proposed restrictions on firearms and the debate on immigration as recruiting tools , and said the groups may try to reach out to veterans returning from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . Radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh decried the report on Tuesday , saying , "  There is not one instance they can cite as evidence where any of these right-wing groups have done anything , " according to a transcript of his remarks on his Web site . "  You have a report from Janet Napolitano and Barack Obama , Department of Homeland Security , portraying standard , ordinary , everyday conservatives as posing a bigger threat to this country than al Qaeda terrorists or genuine enemies of this country like Kim Jong Il , " he said , referring to the leader of North Korea . Michael Savage , another conservative commentator , also criticized the report . "  What does Big Sis say these right-wingers are concerned about ? " he wrote on his Web site , referring to Napolitano . "  Illegal aliens , the increasing power of the federal government , gun grabs , abortion and the loss of U.S. national sovereignty . In other words , anyone who is worried about preserving our borders , language , and culture is on Big Sis ' watch list . " In a written statement Wednesday , Napolitano said the agency is on "  the lookout for criminal and terrorist activity but we do not -- nor will we ever -- monitor ideology or political beliefs . " She said she was "  briefed " on the general topic , which "  struck a nerve as someone personally involved in the Timothy McVeigh prosecution . " Napolitano said in her statement that she will tell Rehbein face-to-face that the Department of Homeland Security honors veterans and employs thousands of them , including Deputy Secretary Jane Holl Lute . The Obama administration in January issued a warning about left-wing extremists . Both reports were initiated during the administration of former President George W. Bush .	Janet Napolitano regrets line in report on extremist groups Report said returning veterans are ripe for recruiting by extremists American Legion objects to report ; VFW defends it Conservative radio hosts , bloggers had brought attention to report
CNN  -- The giant Buddhas of Bamiyan , once painted in bright colors , remained silent sentinels as they reacquired the hues of the sandstone cliffs from which they were carved . The statues , which looked upon a visually stunning region of central Afghanistan for about 1,500 years , have been gone for 10 years , victims of the Taliban , who destroyed them as part of its campaign to destroy pre-Islamic artifacts considered an assault on the faith . The United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization  UNESCO  on Wednesday will begin three days of meetings in Paris about a long-range plan for preserving the snow-capped valley 's cultural heritage and the remains of the Buddhas , which overlooked a Buddhist monastery . "  They were destroyed in the context of the conflict devastating Afghanistan and to undermine the power of culture as a cohesive force for the Afghan people , " said UNESCO Director-General Irina Bokova in a statement Monday . A German professor believes reconstructing the smaller figure is possible . UNESCO , which is nearing the completion of an effort to preserve the Buddha niches in Bamiyan and wall paintings , does not favor rebuilding the figures . But it does want to protect the 5,000 fragments of what were once among the world 's great artistic and religious treasures . Today , the massive caves where the Buddhas once stood are huge , empty pockets carved into cliffs that dominate the countryside . The recovered pieces -- many the size of large boulders , others as tiny as pebbles -- are stored in several shelters . The smaller female Buddha stood around 10 or 11 stories tall . Professor Erwin Emmerling of the Technical University of Munich , Germany , said reconstruction of the female Buddha is possible , using remaining parts and other materials , according to the university 's website . It would not necessarily resemble the ancient statue . The scientist said the work would require a small factory to be built in the Bamiyan Valley . Otherwise , 1,400 rocks , some weighing 2 tons , would have to be sent to Germany . Emmerling will present his findings at the UNESCO conference . The Afghanistan government will have the final decision on any such steps . The statues survived the ravages of Mongolian conqueror and warrior Genghis Khan , centuries of wars and the natural wear and tear of the elements . In March 2001 , Taliban militants , using explosives and tank fire , spent weeks blowing up the two colossal figures . One was 55 meters  180 feet  high , the other 38 meters  125 feet  . The Technical University analyzed fragments of the statues and determined they were once painted in brilliant shades of blue , pink , orange and red . They had been repainted several times , possibly because of fading , Emmerling said . In 2003 , with the support of the governments of France , Britain , Italy and Japan , work was begun on restoring the destroyed artifacts . UNESCO that same year placed the cultural landscape and archaeological remains of the Bamiyan Valley on its World Heritage List and List in Danger . "  The site testifies to the region 's rich Gandhara school of Buddhist art that , during the 1st to 13th centuries , integrated different cultural influences from East and West , " according to UNESCO . CNN 's Ivan Watson and Peter Bergen contributed to this report	United Nations begins forum , meetings on effort to preserve remains , other cultural aspects German scientist says one of the statues is a candidate for reconstruction Two giant Buddha statues were destroyed by the Taliban in 2001 Colossal figures once stood in Afghanistan 's Bamiyan Valley
CNN  -- A child sex abuse suspect from Oregon has been captured after being on the run for 15 years , police said . Daniel Clement Chafe was arrested Wednesday in Bozeman , Montana , according to a statement by the Oregon State Police . Chafe faces six counts of rape , five counts of sexual abuse and seven counts of sodomy , according to the police statement . Initially , the investigation centered on crimes against two teenage girls , but later , additional victims were identified , police said . Chafe disappeared in September 1998 after failing to appear in a Douglas County courtroom to face trial , police said . Ten days before his scheduled court appearance , Chafe reportedly went on a fishing trip with a friend in Washington state , according to the police statement . That friend told authorities Chafe fell from the fishing boat on the Snake River . After a search failed to find him , investigators considered him a fugitive . Police believe he faked his own death . Chafe was featured on several television shows , including "  America 's Most Wanted , " and was in consideration for the FBI 's Top Ten fugitive list . Chafe was allegedly recruiting minor females between ages 14 and 16 to form what he called the "  Cobalt Clan , " according to the FBI 's most wanted poster . His reported goal was to produce a number of children over which he could rule , according to the FBI . The break came when an Oregon detective 's research indicated Chafe was living in Montana under an alias . Further investigation confirmed where Chafe was living and working , ultimately leading to his arrest . Massachusetts rapist was on the lam for 34 years	Daniel Clement Chafe has been wanted since 1998 Chafe faces charges including rape , child sex abuse Chafe arrested Wednesday in Montana
CNN  -- Seven players involved in last week 's Champions League final have been excused from England 's trip to Trinidad and Tobago for their friendly international on Sunday . Only Jermaine Defoe  second right  of the England players congratulating John Terry will travel to Trinidad . Coach Fabio Capello confirmed that of the men involved in Moscow last week , only Manchester United central defender Rio Ferdinand , who has links with the Caribbean , and Chelsea full-back Wayne Bridge , who did not get onto the pitch at the Luzhniki Stadium , will be part of his 22-man squad for the final game of the season . Chelsea 's John Terry , who opened the scoring in Wednesday 's 2-0 win over the United States at Wembley , is one of those given a holiday along with Wayne Rooney , Wes Brown , Ashley Cole , Frank Lampard , Joe Cole and Owen Hargreaves . England squad : Goalkeepers : David James  Portsmouth  , Joe Hart  Manchester City  , Joe Lewis  Peterborough  . Defenders : Wayne Bridge  Chelsea  , Rio Ferdinand  Manchester United  , Phil Jagielka  Everton  , Glen Johnson  Portsmouth  , Stephen Warnock  Blackburn  , David Wheater  Middlesbrough  , Jonathan Woodgate  Tottenham  . Midfielders : Gareth Barry  Aston Villa  , David Beckham  LA Galaxy  , David Bentley  Blackburn  , Stewart Downing  Middlesbrough  , Steven Gerrard  Liverpool  , Tom Huddlestone  Tottenham  . Forwards : Theo Walcott  Arsenal  , Ashley Young  Aston Villa  , Gabriel Agbonlahor  Aston Villa  , Dean Ashton  West Ham  , Peter Crouch  Liverpool  , Jermain Defoe  Portsmouth  .	Seven players have been cut from the England squad for friendly in Trinidad The seven players had all appeared in the Champions League final last week However , Manchester United central defender Rio Ferdinand will be playing
CNN  -- A woman jogging at an Air Force base in Alaska on Sunday survived an attack by a brown bear sow defending its two cubs , the military said . The victim , who is the wife of a man stationed at the base and declined to be identified , walked a mile after she was mauled before a good Samaritan spotted her and took her to a hospital at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson . The woman was listed in stable condition on Monday at Alaska Native Medical Center in Anchorage . According to CNN affiliate KTUU , the bear clawed the woman 's arms , legs , neck and torso before leaving the site . The station reported the woman had the presence of mind to walk toward a populated part of the base even though it was uphill . Maj. Angela Webb , a spokeswoman for the Air Force , said the area is popular with runners and bicyclists , who are warned to bring bear spray . "  In this particular case , the runner turned the corner at the wrong time and wrong place , " Webb said . The bear took a defensive pose , Webb said , before it went after the jogger . The woman had been jogging with her husband , but he had run ahead of her . It was the first bear encounter since 2010 , when a bear went after four girls , three of whom played dead . The fourth ran to get help as the bear wandered away , Webb said . The Air Force Times reported that bears , moose and wolves are not rare at the base , which spreads across more than 74,000 acres . It is adjacent to Anchorage . Bear attacks , kills oil sands worker in Canada Bear drags Florida woman from garage	Jogger runs up on female bear with cubs Bear claws woman 's arms , legs , neck and torso , CNN affiliate reports Despite injuries , woman walks a mile uphill to get help
In the second part of a long-ranging interview , al Qaeda 's leader urged Muslims to capture Westerners as pawns that might be used to free prisoners aligned with his movement . Asked what he 'd tell "  Muslims and the mujahedeen " -- a term used for some Islamist militants -- to do to "  fulfill their duty " toward their allies in custody , Ayman al-Zawahiri said , "  I advise them to capture Westerners -- and especially the Americans , as much as they can -- to exchange them for our captives . " This was one of many comments on a wide array of topics that al-Zawahiri touched on in a question-and-answer session with al Qaeda 's media arm , audio of which was published on the radical Islamist website Hanein . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the recording , though the voice appears very similar to previous messages from al-Zawahiri . In the first part of the interview , which was posted online a week ago , al-Zawahiri insisted that al Qaeda is holding strong and , in fact , "  expanding " 13 years after the United States launched its "  war on terror " following the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . "  The upper hand is for the one who does not withdraw from his land , " he said . "  Who has withdrawn from Iraq , and who has not ? Who has withdrawn from Afghanistan and who has not ? " The second part of the interview was apparently published last Saturday . CNN learned about this part of the exchange via the SITE Intelligence Group , which monitors terror-related websites . In it , al-Zawahiri expresses solidarity with the Muslim Brotherhood in its struggle with Egypt 's military-led government . Voters elected that Islamist group 's candidate , Mohammed Morsy , as president -- a decision the al Qaeda leader said "  the West , led by America , " did not respect . Since then , the Cairo government has banned the Brotherhood and detained many of its leaders , including the now-ousted Morsy . Al-Zawahiri said the Islamist group has "  all the right to use force against the injustice they are facing . " "  The secularists and the army attacked them with Gulf money , American planning , Israeli incitement and crusader plotting , " he added . Al-Zawahiri also discussed Yemen , where the United States and its allies have been working with the Sana'a - based government to go after members of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . A combination of ground assaults and airstrikes -- including by suspected U.S. drones -- April 19-21 killed more than 60 suspected al Qaeda militants , Yemeni officials have said . No reference was made to that operation in al-Zawahiri 's interview posted to Hanein . In fact , it 's not known exactly when he may have conducted the interview . Some in Yemen affiliated with "  the Islamist movements " have "  conspired " with that Arab nation 's government "  by participating or remaining silent to the American presence and its repetitive aggression against the Yemeni people , " al-Zawahiri said . It 's a position they 'll ultimate regret , he surmised . The al Qaeda leader predicted , "  It is the mujahedeen and the people of ardency from among the Yemeni people and its scholars , its true-born and its chiefs and their sheikhs  who will prevail  . "	Al Qaeda 's Ayman al-Zawahiri purportedly answers questions on range of subjects He says "  especially " American captives can be exchanged for al Qaeda captives Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood has "  the right to use force , " al-Zawahiri adds He predicts "  the mujahedeen " and ardent followers will prevail in Yemen
CNN  -- There 's a whole world of people out there , and boy , are they pissed off . The anonymity of the Internet encourages online ranting , from election-season tirades to mockery of celebrities . On political blogs , the invective flies . Posters respond to the latest celebrity gossip with mockery or worse . Sports fans set up Web sites with names that begin with "  fire , " hoping coaches , athletic directors and sportscasters lose their jobs . And though there are any number of bloggers and commenters who attempt to keep their postings and responses on a civil level , all too often interactive Web sites descend into ad hominem attacks , insults and plain old name-calling . Indeed , there are even whole sites devoted to venting , such as justrage.com  one screed there was titled , "  I do n't give a flying f *** , so f *** you "  and mybiggestcomplaint.com . This is not a world Emily Post would want to be caught in after dark . "  The Internet can be a great tool , " said Sara Black , a professor of health studies at St. Joseph 's University who takes a particular interest in online bullying . "  Like any tool , it can also be misused . " See examples of Internet anger " One reason for the vitriol that emerges on the Web , experts say , is the anonymity the Internet provides . Commenters seldom use their real names , and even if they do , the chance for retaliation is slim . "  In the -LSB- pre-Internet era -RSB- , you had to take ownership -LSB- of your remarks -RSB- . Now there 's a perception of anonymity , " said Lesley Withers , a professor of communication at Central Michigan University . "  People think what they say wo n't have repercussions , and they do n't think they have to soften their comments . " Contrast that with a face-to-face conversation , or even a phone conversation , where you can judge people 's moods from facial movements or vocal inflections , observes University of Texas psychology professor Art Markman . iReport.com : Second Life avatars grapple with reduced nonverbal communication "  It 's hard to be aggressive when you 're face to face , " he said . Moreover , he points out , aggression often carries a subtext of power . "  A lot of times , real anger is an attempt to get control over a situation where the person does n't usually have it , " he said . In that respect , comments to blog posts are attempts to strike back . Those power games are innately grasped by children and teens , with schools serving as a perennial social laboratory . Cheryl Dellasega , a Penn State women 's studies professor , ticks off hypothetical examples that could have come straight from the scripts to "  Mean Girls " or "  Heathers . " "  Girls who are getting teased come home and let their -LSB- aggressors -RSB- have it by putting something on their blog and starting a rumor campaign , " she said . And instead of rumors simply making the rounds among peer groups -- which can be bad enough -- "  they go out to a much bigger group , a worldwide group . The impact is devastating , and it 's as easy as clicking a button . " "  Kids do n't realize that one post can destroy somebody 's life forever , " she added . Indeed , such incidents have made headlines . In 2006 , 13-year-old Megan Meier committed suicide after becoming attracted to a boy on MySpace who then turned on her . The boy turned out to be a hoax created by a neighbor family that included a former friend of Meier 's . In August , The New York Times Magazine did a story about trolls , some barely out of their teens , who antagonize others for the sake of "  lulz " : "  Lulz is watching someone lose their mind at their computer 2,000 miles away while you chat with friends and laugh , " one ex-troll told the publication . Adults are n't immune by any means . A Japanese woman , angry at her online "  husband , " killed his avatar after he divorced her . A South Korean actress committed suicide after being harassed by online rumors following a divorce . Celebrity gossip sites are full of snarky comments about stars ; reaction from readers is often brutal , turning the story into the online equivalent of a pile-on . Markman is quick to observe that he does n't believe there 's more anger out there . But , he said , "  there are more ways of expressing it on the Internet . " "  We 've all had interactions with unpleasant people , but we do n't confront them . We take it out elsewhere , " he said . "  What the Internet has created is groups of people where there are no repercussions with being too aggressive . " Indeed , though electronically transmitted anger has parallels throughout human history -- the bitter letter , the village gossip -- the speed at which it travels , and the number of people who may come in contact with it , is something new , says St. Joseph 's Black . " -LSB- Electronic -RSB- media can increase potential for violence in a number of ways , " she said in an e-mail interview . "  First , it introduces ideas  good and bad  that people may not have come up with on their own . Second , it is easier to depersonalize the victim , facilitating perpetration . Third , aggressive behaviors may be reinforced with points , attention or status , especially in games . " Withers has seen that first hand . She teaches a course on the "  dark side of communication " at Central Michigan , involving "  the mean or evil things we do on a day-to-day basis , " as she describes it : cheating , for example , or lying . As part of the course , several of her students work on a collaborative project with students at other schools , and they come together in Second Life , the virtual reality environment . If someone is n't pulling his or her weight , says Withers , others can be harsh in their judgments -- harsher than in real life , because the anger is expressed at the person 's avatar . Sidebar : Dealing with anger in Second Life Which led at least one of Withers ' students to forget that the avatar was attached to a real person . "  One student went off on another student and she was sitting in the classroom a few rows behind him , " she said . "  He knew she was there , but did n't -- there was that distancing . " iReport.com : Residents of virtual worlds deal with drama , stress Is there a way to restore civility to the Internet ? Among children and teenagers , say Dellasega and Black , it 's up to parents to exercise control . "  I think parents need to take responsibility , " Dellasega said . "  They give kids computers and leave them alone . ... When a child is 8 or 9 , the computer should be in a public place . Kids should understand that using a computer is a privilege , not a right . " Schools can also play a role , she says . Black adds that parents should set clear rules on behavior and build empathy in their kids by having them reach out to those who are different . As for adults , human nature dictates that people will always lash out at others , whether it 's over a perceived insult or simply because of a power differential . Web sites may ban the worst offenders , but they 'll almost always pop up elsewhere , using a different name , e-mail address or even computer . "  Some people are just bitter and angry , " said psychiatrist Dr. Terry Eagan , medical director of the Moonview Sanctuary in Santa Monica , California . "  Sometimes , they 're against everyone , other times against a specific group . That person can get really stimulated and can say all sorts of horrible things . But I do n't think it 's not like they did n't exist before . " Whether the problem will get control of us , or we will get control of the problem , is in the way we face up to it , he says . Anger , he says , is rolled up with anxiety and fear , and nothing creates more fear like a lack of understanding . "  I tell patients that I 'd rather know everything about people ; information is powerful , " he said . "  When the climate of the world is more fear-based , it permeates everything . "	Blogs , commenters and whole Web sites are full of vitriol Anger is sharper on Internet as result of medium 's anonymity , lack of retaliation Professor : "  Kids do n't realize that one post can destroy somebody 's life forever " Parents can instill understanding in children ; adults can better understand selves
CNN  -- Roughly 700 students at the University of California , Santa Barbara , will be given a powerful antibiotic to guard against meningitis after coming in contact with four people diagnosed with meningococcal disease , county health officials said Tuesday . The news came as the Santa Barbara County Public Health Department confirmed a fourth student at the university has been diagnosed with meningococcal disease . The four students all became sick with meningococcal disease , which can cause meningitis or blood infections , during a three-week period in November . One of them has become permanently disabled , the Santa Barbara Public Health Department said . The second and third students who fell ill recovered and are back in classes , UCSB spokesman George Foulsham said . The fourth is expected to recover , he said , but the first is still hospitalized . The first three cases were confirmed to be caused by type B bacteria , which is the same bacteria strain causing an outbreak of meningitis at Princeton University . Testing is not complete on the most recent case , county health spokeswoman Susan Klein-Rothschild said in an e-mail . Meningitis is a form of meningococcal disease , but not all four cases at UCSB are meningitis , Klein-Rothschild said . Although the Centers for Disease Control recommends that college freshmen living in dorms receive a meningitis vaccine , the vaccine approved for use in the United States does not protect against the kind caused by type B bacteria . UCSB is sending a letter to its fraternities and sororities , most of which are based off campus , asking them to refrain from large social gatherings where cups might be exchanged , Foulsham said . "  We 're almost certain that they 'll go along with that as we head into the holiday period here , " he said . More than 500 students at UCSB who were identified as close contacts of these students have received preventive antibiotics , county health officials said . This week , additional individuals who may have been exposed to the bacteria causing the meningococcal disease are being directed to take antibiotics . The school has been consulting with the county health department and the CDC about the outbreak , Foulsham said . On the opposite U.S. coast , Princeton announced last week that it would make an unlicensed vaccine for meningitis B available to undergraduate students , as well as graduate students living in dorms or the Graduate College and annexes , and other university community members with particular medical conditions . The vaccine , Bexsero , made by Novartis , is approved in Australia and Europe but not the United States . The CDC 's Institutional Review Board approved the importation of Bexsero specifically for the Princeton situation . "  The CDC is the lead on the vaccine issue , " Klein-Rothschild said Tuesday . What is meningitis B ? Meningitis is caused by inflammation of the membranes that cover the brain and the spinal cord , known as the meninges . Infection of the fluid surrounding the brain and spinal cord usually causes this inflammation , according to the CDC . Meningitis usually develops in response to bacteria or viruses , but there can be other forms and causes , such as physical injury , cancer or certain drugs , according to the CDC . The bacterial form is rare in the United States , and the group B bacterial strains are even more rare . Meningitis can spread via the exchange of saliva and other respiratory secretions through kissing , coughing , sharing drinks and living in close quarters , such as in dormitories , according to health officials . Symptoms can include a stiff neck , headache , fever , vomiting , rashes , sensitivity to light and confusion . Untreated , the disease can lead to complications such as hearing impairment , brain damage , limb amputations and death . Antibiotic treatment of the most common types of bacterial meningitis "  should reduce the risk of dying from meningitis to below 15 % , although the risk remains higher among young infants and the elderly , " according to the CDC . In 2012 , there were 480 cases of bacterial meningitis in the United States , according to the CDC . Of those , 160 were group B. CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	NEW : 700 students will be given an antibiotic to guard against meningitis , health officials said Meningococcal disease has left one UCSB student permanently disabled Students who are close contacts of cases are receiving antibiotics Princeton will offer a meningitis B vaccine to students
CNN  In his CNN opinion piece , "  The Big Dangers of Big Data " , Konstantin Kakaes of New America raises some interesting points about the ways that designing certain types of Big Data projects could lead to bad societal results . Unfortunately , Mr. Kakaes ' column appears to be part of a larger narrative that is skewing the perception of the importance of advanced data analytics to economies , societies and families around the world . Big Data is not merely the accumulation of vast amounts of information , but a collection of interconnected and interrelated data points that , when analyzed carefully , helps business leaders make decisions that lead to increased profitability and job creation , assists doctors and scientists in understanding critical factors about health care , helps policymakers better protect the public from potential terror attacks , and much more . To be clear , advanced analytics techniques go beyond merely describing the data that is available . If you want to make better decisions you decide what important data you need to know , collect it in ways that operations researchers can analyze , and think : What assumptions must I make before I proceed ? Mr. Kakaes ' examples summon up the long discredited time-and-motion studies of Frederick Law Taylor , whose observations of people at work led to horrid visions of people forced to act like machines feeding an assembly line . Modern analytics are far different . For example , every year , the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences  INFORMS  holds an international analytics conference that includes a competition for best work in analytics , Big Data , and the applied mathematical field of operations research . If you want to examine an outstanding example of the way that Big Data saves lives , look at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control , which won the 2014 competition for their quest to eradicate polio . In 2001 , with massive amounts of data about polio cases around the world , the CDC  working with the Global Polio Eradication Initiative and consultants at Kid Risk , Inc.  faced an important choice : Direct $ 100 million in funding dollars and settle for controlling the outbreak of polio , or attempt to completely stop all new cases of polio ? By developing sophisticated mathematical models that leveraged the best available scientific evidence and field knowledge , CDC officials became confident that it would be possible to prevent any further cases of wild polio viruses from emerging . By coincidence , the CDC accepted its award in 2014 shortly after India celebrated three years in which its population of 1.27 billion people had not experienced a single instance of polio . As we contemplate the never-ending threats of terrorism , policymakers in the United States and around the world wrestle with constant questions about the optimal resources needed to prevent attacks and keep people safe . Yale School of Management Professor Edward H. Kaplan  and INFORMS president-elect  explained in a recent blog post on the website of Oxford University Press how to examine data using the same staffing models used for telephone call centers . He then combined this sophisticated math modeling technique of queueing theory with a study he conducted of all jihadi terror plots detected in the United States over a 10-year period , resulting in a determination that an optimal staff level of only 2,080 counterterrorism agents are needed in the United States .  The last publicly available FBI staffing figure available in 2004 showed that 2,398 agents were dedicated to counterterrorism at that time  . Professor Kaplan 's recently published policy recommendations show that using advanced analytical methods is a compelling and objective way to make major public policy decisions about staffing homeland security and , by extension , the many other departments and programs that can benefit from strongly grounded decision making given limited taxpayer dollars and the goal of effective government . These are but two of the countless examples of how advanced analytics and operations research can appropriately leverage Big Data to achieve tangible results and benefits . As with any field of study or any profession , poor methodologies and wrong assumptions can skew outcomes and perceptions . That 's why it is important to continue to educate leaders in business , government and even the media about the benefits of utilizing well-designed analytics projects and the importance of promoting well-educated and trained operations research and analytics professionals in business , government and academia .	A CNN Opinion piece discussed the misuse of Big Data Marco Lübbecke says sophisticated data analysis can save lives , improve society
CNN  -- An angry Phil Mickelson hinted at legal action for being accused of "  cheating " by fellow PGA Tour professional Scott McCarron . The world number two carded a two-under 70 to be four shots behind third round leader Ryuji Imada at the Farmers Insurance Open , but for the second day in a row his post-round press conference centered on his use of a 20-year-old wedge with square grooves . McCarron was quoted in the San Francisco Chronicle on Friday , saying that Mickelson and others who had opted to play with the Ping-Eye 2 wedge were exploiting a loophole in PGA Tour rules . "  It 's cheating , and I 'm appalled Phil has put it in play , " he said . New rules introduced this year only allow for irons with V-shaped grooves , but because of a lawsuit filed by manufacturers Ping an exception has been made for wedges , with square grooves , which were made before April 1 , 1990 . Mickelson is using one of those wedges at Torrey Pines this week and on Friday he was grilled about his use and McCarron reported comments . Mickelson declined then to get into what he called "  name calling " but mounted a stout defense of his use of the club , saying it was within the rules . But after his fine third round on the South Course , Mickelson appeared to up the ante . "  We all have our opinions on the matter , but a line was crossed and I just was publicly slandered , " Mickelson told the official PGA Tour Web site . "  And because of that , I 'll have to let other people handle that . " Asked he was mounting a lawsuit , Mickelson said , "  I 'm not going into specifics what that meant . " Meanwhile , the PGA Tour has issued a statement to explain why the controversial Ping-Eye 2 wedges were approved for play , appearing to criticize McCarron for his comments . "  Because the use of pre-1990 Ping Eye 2 irons is permitted for play , public comments or criticisms characterizing their use as a violation of the Rules of Golf as promulgated by the USGA are inappropriate at best , " read the final paragraph of the statement . Mickelson said that it was "  cool if they put that out there . " On the course , Imada shot a two-under 70 for a 13-under 203 and had a two-shot lead over Ben Crane  69  and Michael Sim of Australia . U.S. Open champion Lucas Glover carded a 68 and was three shots behind with Mickelson a further stroke behind on his season-debut on the PGA Tour .	Phil Mickelson hints at legal action after accusations of ` cheating ' by fellow pro Scott McCarron World number two says he was ` publicly slandered ' by McCarron 's reported comments in San Francisco Chronicle Row has centered on Mickelson 's use of a 20-year-old Ping-Eye 2 wedge Japan 's Ryuji Imada leads Famers Insurance Open at Torrey Pines wsiht Mickelson four shots back
CNN  -- A California judge ruled this week that several of the state 's teacher tenure , dismissal and layoff laws are unconstitutional . The decision sparked a nationwide debate , as the case gets at one of this country 's core questions : What 's the best way to educate children ? On one side of the debate are teachers and unions , which say tenure 's job protections provide stability , and creative and academic freedoms . On the other side , some administrators and others argue such protections give bad teachers a free ride at the expense of students -- particularly poor students and students of color . Somewhere in the middle of the debate are politicians and educators who 've seized on the judge 's ruling as a call to action to fix a broken public teaching system . "  At the end of the day what everyone has common interest in -- the common goal -- is to increase public confidence in public education . We want great public schools and we need great public school teachers , " Education Secretary Arne Duncan told CNN . "  There 's one common enemy and that 's academic failure -- and if we continue to fight silly fights everybody loses . " Here 's a look at what the California ruling could mean : ... For teachers Teachers in the country 's most populous state are evaluated for tenure in less than two years -- a law the judge found to be unconstitutional . "  Great teachers absolutely deserve to have their jobs protected ... but it 's a ridiculously short period of time , " said John Deasy , superintendent of the Los Angeles Unified School District . He suggested evaluating teachers after 3-5 years . "  Allow us to have a period of time to work and support teachers before we make this important decision , and then celebrate that decision , " Deasy said . For their part , unions are n't necessarily against the idea of delaying tenure decisions , but they have criticized the judge for tossing the good along with the bad . They warn the ruling could have a cooling effect on teachers , nationwide , who want to experiment in the classroom . "  The judge should not have thrown out the rights of every teacher , because good teachers need to be creative . They need to take risks . They need to actually do things where they may stumble and fall , " said Randi Weingarten , president of the American Federation of Teachers . "  But what this decision did is  it  said to teachers all across the country , ` Do n't speak up anymore -- do n't try new things . ' " ... For students In his ruling , Los Angeles County Judge Rolf M. Treu cited evidence that , he wrote , "  shocks the conscience . " He discussed experts called in the case who testified about the scope and significance of bad teachers . Between 1-3 % of teachers in California are "  grossly ineffective , " he wrote , which translates into an actual number of teachers of between 2,750-8 ,250 . A single year with a "  grossly ineffective teacher costs students $ 1.4 million in lifetime earnings per classroom , " Treu said . The judge also found fault with the price of getting rid of bad teachers , saying the process could take up to 10 years and cost between $ 50,000 - $ 450,000 . Clearly , students win if bad teachers are replaced with great ones . And no one is arguing in favor of protecting poor teachers . "  If a teacher can not teach , they should be fired , effectively and quickly , " Weingarten said . But Michelle Rhee -- a former Washington , D.C. , schools chancellor -- argues that unions have lost sight of what 's most important in the classroom . Rhee is a supporter of Students Matter , the nonprofit that helped nine students file the case in California . "  The union 's job is to protect the rights , privileges , and pay of their members . They want their members to be able to keep their jobs regardless , and what this judge is saying is that we have to look out for the interests of children , first and foremost -- that we have to ensure that there 's a high quality teacher in front of every child every single day , " Rhee said . ... For parents Ben Smith is a father of five in Los Gatos , California . One child is in college ; the rest are in public schools . Smith was pleased by the judge 's ruling this week and likes that it has sparked a conversation about education . He paid close attention to the "  last in , first out " policy , another one of the laws Treu found to be unconstitutional . "  No matter how gifted the junior teacher , and no matter how grossly ineffective the senior teacher , the junior gifted one , who all parties agree is creating a positive atmosphere for his / her students , is separated from them and a senior grossly ineffective one who all parties agree is harming the students entrusted to her / him is left in place , " the judge wrote . Smith , who works in the tech community , similarly believes the policy is indefensible . "  We 're big believers in a meritocracy , " he said . "  Having an education system that 's counter to that -- where time and place is rewarded versus performance -- is not something that 's consistent with the way we look at the world . " The flip side of a meritocracy , however -- Smith said -- is the need for greater compensation for the teachers doing a great job . "  People have to be rewarded for innovation , rewarded for efforts to make the classroom a better environment . We ca n't just remove  job  security and do n't do anything else , " he said . It was a point that Secretary Duncan also made . "  No teacher ever goes into education to make a million dollars . Teachers are the most altruistic people you 're ever going to meet , " he said . "  We need to recognize and reward the talent that is changing students ' lives every single day . " ... And for the rest of the country In many ways , the California case is unique and can not be easily replicated in others states . For one , California is an outlier when it comes to teacher tenure . In his decision , Judge Treu wrote that 32 states have a three-year evaluation period , while nine states have a four - or five-year period . California is one of only five states with a period of two years or less , he wrote . The state is also an outlier when it comes to the policy of "  last in , first out . " Twenty states allow for seniority to be considered among other factors , and 19 leave the layoff criteria to district discretion , Treu wrote , stressing that California is just one of 10 states that say seniority can be the sole factor in a layoff decision , or that it must be considered . The judge based his decision on the California Constitution , which could also complicate efforts to take the case to other states . Still , Felix Schein , a spokesman for Students Matters , says that 's exactly what the group is looking to do . Conversations are happening in a dozen states with stakeholders interested in pursuing litigation , he said , mentioning New York , Connecticut , Maryland and Minnesota , in particular . "  We 're weighing : 1  Do you have these laws at all ? 2  What 's the constitutional framework ? 3  Is there evidence that the laws are n't working ? " Schein said . His group 's success in other states will ultimately depend on how the California case holds up under appeal . The judge has ordered a stay of his decision , pending such an appeal . But in California , some educators say they do n't want to wait . "  I hope what happens is that we form a coalition of strong labor leaders and our legislators and immediately get to rewriting laws that are just and legal , " said Deasy , with the Los Angeles Unified School District . "  These laws have been found to be unconstitutional . I think that it 's incumbent upon us to work as quickly as possible . " CNN 's Jamie Gumbrecht , Athena Jones , Michael Martinez and Christine Romans contributed to this report .	Unions say tenure 's job protections provide stability and necessary freedoms Other argue such protections give bad teachers a free ride at the expense of students "  If we continue to fight silly fights everybody loses , " says Secretary Arne Duncan
Tokyo  CNN  -- Engineers will need six to nine months to bring the damaged nuclear reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi power plant to heel , the plant 's owners said Sunday in their first public timetable for ending the crisis . It will take three months to reduce the levels of radioactivity in the plant and restore normal cooling systems in the reactors and spent fuel pools , the Tokyo Electric Power Company announced . Another three to six months will be needed before the reactors are fully shut down and new shells are built around their damaged housings , the company said . Meanwhile , Japan 's government said it would try to decontaminate "  the widest possible area " in that period before deciding whether the tens of thousands who have been forced to flee their homes will be allowed to return , said Goshi Hosono , an adviser to Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan. . "  We have to go step by step in order to resolve the problems one by one , " Hosono said . The timetable was released five days after Kan called for Tokyo Electric to show Japanese a pathway to ending the worst nuclear accident since the 1986 Chernobyl disaster . A day earlier , the company would not comment on an industry group 's estimate that restoring normal cooling would take two to three months -- a period comparable to the first stage of Sunday 's plan . Tokyo Electric spokesman Hiro Hasegawa acknowledged that public pressure helped speed the company 's decision to release a plan and warned that the outline remained tentative -- "  but we will do our best " to stick to it , he said . Because of the still-unknown volume of highly irradiated water flooding the basements of units 1-3 , where the cooling equipment is normally housed , the utility is working toward building a separate cooling system . That system would remove heat from the water being pumped through the reactors and decontaminate it before circulating it back through them . Currently , engineers have improvised by pumping roughly 170 metric tons  45,000 gallons  of water a day into each reactor , an unknown portion of which is leaking out . The leaking water comes out full of such particles as radioactive iodine and cesium , the byproducts of the reactors . At the plant on Sunday , workers used remote-controlled robots to record radiation , water and temperature data in the building that houses reactor No. 3 . Photos released by the utility showed the devices , provided by the U.S. company iRobot , opening the inner door to the reactor and entering the darkened building . "  Everything is a high-radiation area inside the reactor buildings , " Hasegawa told reporters at a briefing for international news outlets -- another first for a company that has been sharply criticized for its handling of the crisis . Meanwhile , Tokyo Electric Chairman Tsunehisa Katsumata fended off nearly a dozen questions from Japanese reporters about whether he or other top executives planned to resign as a result of the disaster . "  At this point , we do not have any decisions or discussions about resigning , as all our efforts is towards resolving the situation , " Katsumata said . "  We are not sure if resigning is the best way to take the responsibility or to stay in position to resolve the situation . " Any decisions may wait until the company 's general shareholders meeting in June , he said . The 5-week-old crisis began March 11 , when the plant was swamped by the tsunami that followed northern Japan 's historic earthquake . The 14 - to 15-meter  45 - to 48-foot  wave knocked out the plant 's coolant systems , causing the three reactors operating at the time to overheat . The results included two spectacular explosions that blew apart the housings of the No. 1 and No. 3 reactors and the release of a massive amount of radioactivity that has shrunk considerably , but continued Sunday . The wild card in the utility 's plan may be reactor No. 2 , where another suspected buildup of hydrogen is believed to have ruptured the suppression pool -- a doughnut-shaped reservoir at the base of the reactor . That may make it more difficult to carry out one of the first stages of their planned cooling process , filling the concrete primary containment shell around the reactor pressure vessel with water , Hasegawa said . Unless that damage is repaired somehow , that part of the plan may be unsuccessful , he said . Tokyo Electric also plans to build a new structure to support the No. 4 unit 's spent nuclear fuel pool , around which fires -- the cause of which has yet to be determined -- severely damaged a nearby building . Hosono said there is no indication this pool is compromised or leaking highly radioactive water or fumes , calling the planned structure a protective measure given concerns about considerable damage to the main No. 4 nuclear reactor building . Japan 's government declared Fukushima Daiichi a top-scale nuclear disaster last week , warning residents of several towns outside the current 30-kilometer  19-mile  danger zone around the plant to evacuate or prepare to leave their homes . Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano visited the stricken area Sunday , including a brief trip into the 20-kilometer radius from which all residents have been ordered out . Clad in a white protective suit and face mask , Edano got within about 15 kilometers of the plant as he met with police who are still searching the area for victims of the March disaster . "  Ensuring people 's livelihoods and security is our foremost priority , " Edano said after meeting with the governor of Fukushima Prefecture , Yuhei Sato . Radiation levels in the area are not high enough to cause immediate health effects , but prolonged exposure could cause an increased risk of cancer , according to government data and reports from outside researchers . In Iitate , a village Edano visited Sunday , government figures released Sunday show cumulative doses of radiation since the accident are already more than half the 20-millisievert limit the government set for long-term evacuations . Iitate is about 40 kilometers northwest of the plant , outside the danger zones drawn in the early days of the crisis . Hosono said the government does not yet know how much of the contaminated areas can be cleaned up , but added , "  We will try to decontaminate as much of an area as possible . " Workers stopped a severe leak of contaminated water into the Pacific Ocean on April 6 , but elevated levels of the short-lived nuclear waste iodine-131 recorded over the weekend could indicate a new problem , a Japanese safety official announced Saturday . Iodine concentrations sampled Saturday around the No. 2 water intake were 6,000 times Japan 's legal standards , up from 1,100 times on Thursday and down slightly from Friday 's figure of 6,500 times . That number is far below the levels recorded when the earlier leak was spewing radioactive iodine into the ocean at 7.5 million times the limit . Authorities have built a silt and placed steel plates around the intake fence to corral the contamination since April 6 . Iodine-131 has a radioactive half-life of eight days , and the increase could be either from a fresh leak or from sediment stirred up while placing steel panels around the intakes , said Hidehiko Nishiyama , the top spokesman for Japan 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency . "  They will continue to monitor this carefully , " Nishiyama said . "  At this point , they have not visually found any leakage of any water into the ocean , and it is hard to check the conditions around  reactor  No. 2 due to high radiation levels . " Susan Olson , Hiroo Saso , Yuki Arakawa , Asuka Murao and CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report for CNN .	NEW : Tokyo Electric plans a new structure to support the No. 4 unit 's spent nuclear fuel pool Robots probe darkened reactor No. 3 Radiation readings in one town are halfway to the government 's evacuation threshold Tokyo Electric says it will take 6 to 9 months to wind down the nuclear crisis
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , in the span of a few months , has gone from saying she is not thinking about running for president to telling an audience in Mexico on Friday that she will make her presidential decision around the first of 2015 . "  I am going to be making a decision around , probably after the first of the year about whether I am going to run again . " Clinton said that in order to run , she "  will have to be convinced that I have a very clear vision with an agenda of what I think needs to be done . " "  Obviously , I 'm thinking about it , but I have not made a decision yet , " Clinton said during an event for Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim 's foundation . She added that she has a "  unique vantage point and set of experiences about what makes the United States operate well and what does n't and what a president can do and should be doing . " Clinton 's position on 2016 has noticeably changed since the start of 2014 . Henry Kissinger loves joking about Hillary Clinton 2016 In January , the former secretary of state said in New Orleans that she was not thinking about running for president and was "  trying to get other people not to think about it . " Since publishing her memoir in June and traveling the country , Clinton has become more forthright with her presidential ambitions and has told audiences that she is thinking about running for president . Glenn Beck : Hillary Clinton ` will be the next president ' The former first lady has also began to step out further on the political scene . Ahead of the 2014 midterms , Clinton has agreed to do events for a host of Democratic committees and groups and even did a robocall ad for Gov. Andrew Cuomo and lieutenant governor candidate Kathy Hochul . "  I 'm calling to urge you to vote for Andrew Cuomo for governor and his running mate , Kathy Hochul , for lieutenant governor in Tuesday 's Democratic primary , " Clinton , herself a former New York senator , says in the call . "  As a New Yorker , I 'd be proud to have Kathy fighting for our state . " Hillary Clinton to court Democratic women in September Clinton 's endorsement goes against the more progressive Zephyr Teachout , who is challenging Cuomo in the Democratic primary slated next week . "  This is evidence that Cuomo knows he 's in trouble , " said Mike Boland , the Teachout campaign manager . "  We 're on the verge of a historic upset . "	Clinton says she 'll decide on candidacy "  around , probably after the first of the year " Former first lady has "  a very clear vision with an agenda of what I think needs to be done " Clinton has stepped up her political activity ahead of midterm elections She did a robocall ad for New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo and his running mate
Near the Israel-Gaza border  CNN  -- Hours after a cease-fire was declared Wednesday in Israel 's conflict with Gaza , it appeared to be holding , an Israeli official said . "  We assumed it would take a while for the cease-fire to take hold , " Israel 's ambassador to the United States , Michael Oren , told CNN . "  I understand now that it has taken hold . There has n't been fire for a while and , of course , we are not firing , so there is a cease-fire . " His remarks came after an Israeli military spokeswoman , Lt. Col. Avital Leibovich , told CNN that five rockets had been fired from Gaza in violation of the cease-fire . Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon , in an interview with CNN , put the number of rockets at 12 . Wednesday 's cease-fire followed eight days of violence along Israel 's border with Gaza and nearly 150 deaths -- the vast majority of them Palestinian . Egypt 's Morsy praised for his key role in talks The cease-fire , announced in a joint news conference in Cairo with U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Egyptian Foreign Minister Mohamed Kamel Amr , took effect at 9 p.m.  2 p.m. ET  . Gazans took to the streets , firing guns into the air in celebration of what they considered to be a victory over Israel 's military . The agreement calls for Israel to halt all acts of aggression on Gaza , including incursions and the targeting of people , according to Egypt 's state news agency EGYNews . It also calls for the Palestinian factions to cease all hostilities from Gaza against Israel , including the firing of rockets and attacks on the border . Border crossings were to be opened Thursday night , and the movement of people and goods across them was to be eased , it said . On the ground : Follow updates from CNN 's reporters The agreement came after a day of negotiations that included Clinton , Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy and Palestinian officials . Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said the agreement calls for "  complete and total cessation of all hostile activity initiated in the Gaza Strip . " "  For us , that 's victory . That 's what we wanted , " he said . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned of possible additional military action if the cease-fire fails to lead to long-term security . "  But at this time , the right thing for the state of Israel is to exhaust this opportunity to obtain a long-term cease fire , " he said . Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Barack Obama for his "  unreserved support " of Israel 's actions . It was the November 14 assassination by Israeli forces of Ahmed al-Ja ` abari , the head of Hamas ' military wing , that ignited the fighting . Opinion : Will real change come from this cease-fire ? Israel launched its offensive with a stated goal of ending the rocket attacks on southern Israel from inside Gaza by degrading the ability of Palestinians to launch such attacks . "  Their attempts backfired against them , " said Khaled Meshaal , a Hamas political leader . "  They wanted to destroy the infrastructure of the resistance of Hamas . They claim they have done so , and they have not . They are bankrupt . " He cited Israel 's destruction of buildings and killings that included civilians . "  This is their accomplishment , " he said . "  They have nothing else to show . And our rockets continued to strike them until the last minute . " Israel will hold Hamas responsible for any attacks from Gaza , whether conducted by that organization or any others , Regev said . He said the agreement reflects that understanding . iReport : Share your stories from the region As he was preparing to return to New York from Tel Aviv , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said late Wednesday his biggest concern was for the safety of civilians , "  no matter where they are . Innocent people , including children , have been killed or injured on both sides . Families on both sides were forced to cower in fear as the violence raged around them . " He said that more than 139 Palestinians had been killed , more than 70 of them civilians , and more than 900 were injured . In addition , some 10,000 Palestinians had lost their homes , he said , adding there was a critical need for humanitarian aid in the territory . IDF 's Leibovich dismissed such concerns . "  There is no crisis in Gaza , " she told CNN , adding that she had seen pictures Wednesday morning of markets filled with fresh produce . "  I understand that some things are not convenient , " she said . During the conflict , rocket fire killed four Israeli civilians and wounded 219 other people , most of them civilians , three of them seriously , Ban said . In addition , an Israeli soldier was killed and 16 were wounded , one critically , he said . Smuggling weapons to Gaza -- the long way In all , 1,456 rockets were estimated to have been fired from Gaza into Israel , with three long-range missiles hitting the outskirts of Jerusalem , a move he called "  unprecedented . " Israeli forces reported strikes on more than 1,450 targets in Gaza , Ban said . They targeted , but were not limited to , attacks on rocket-launching sites , military bases , police stations and tunnels along the border with Egypt , he said . Hundreds of other buildings were hit , Ban said , adding that he condemned "  indiscriminate rocket fire from Gaza into Israel , " but also believed that the "  excessive and disproportionate use of force that endangers civilian lives is intolerable . " Long-term solutions for Gaza and the Palestinians in general must be found , he said . "  Once calm is fully restored and the violence ends , a broader cease-fire will have to address all the underlying causes of conflict , including the full opening of crossings , Palestinian reconciliation and an end to weapons smuggling . " How Middle East has changed since last Gaza conflict Regev said the deal calls for talks to begin Thursday on easing economic restrictions on Gaza . "  If the border is quiet , that enables us to be more forthcoming , " he said . Clinton , who shuttled among Israel , the West Bank and Egypt to help negotiate the deal , said the United States will continue to work with regional partners to implement and expand the agreement . Obama spoke Wednesday morning with Morsy , thanking the Egyptian leader for his leadership in negotiating the proposal . As recently as Wednesday afternoon , Hamas officials had been calling for more strikes against Israel , while that country 's military continued to press its campaign against what it said were suspected rocket-launching sites and "  terrorist hideouts . " Arab-Americans watch conflict with mix of worry , relief The cease-fire talks , held in the West Bank , Israel and Cairo , continued despite a lunchtime bus attack near the Defense Ministry headquarters in Tel Aviv . At least two bombs were planted on the bus , Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said . One of the bombs exploded , blowing out the windows of the bus , he said . Rosenfeld said 24 people were wounded , three of them seriously . Aviva Shemer with Ichilov Hospital said pedestrians were among the injured . Belief blog : How U.S. Jews view the situation Police said they were seeking at least one and possibly two suspects . Hamas put its own spin on the attack in a banner on al-Aqsa , calling it "  a natural response to the massacre of the al-Dalou family and targeting of innocent Palestinian civilians . " Nine members of the al-Dalou family died Sunday in an Israeli airstrike , provoking outrage among Palestinians . "  We told you #IDF that our blessed hands will reach your leaders and soldiers wherever they are , " the al Qassam Brigades , the military wing of Hamas , said on Twitter . "  You opened the Gates of Hell on Yourselves . " Diplomats said they were hoping to avoid a repeat of 2008 and 2009 , when at least 1,400 people died as Israeli troops invaded Gaza after similar rocket attacks . Analysis : Conflict shifts balance of power in the Middle East CNN 's Tom Watkins , Ben Brumfield , Dana Ford , Arwa Damon , Ben Wedeman , Christiane Amanpour , Mohamed Fadel Fahmy , Saad Abedine , Sara Sidner , Frederik Pleitgen , Kareem Khadder , Saad Abedine , Ingrid Formanek , Nicki Goulding , Neda Farshbaf , Marilia Brocchetto and Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	"  I understand that it has taken hold , " Israel 's U.S. ambassador says of cease-fire Israel alleges violations of the hours-old cease-fire ; one official says five , another 12 U.N. 's Ban Ki-moon says "  disproportionate " use of force is "  intolerable Agreement calls for "  total cessation of all hostile activity " from Gaza
CNN  -- At least 55 people have drowned or are missing after a boat capsized off the Somali coast on Tuesday evening , the United Nations Refugee Agency said Thursday in a statement . Ethiopians and Somalis were on the boat . Twenty-three of the 55 victims have been recovered , the agency said . The dead include more than a dozen women and a boy believed to be about 4 . The incident marks the largest loss of life in the Gulf of Aden since February 2011 , when 57 Somali refugees and migrants from the Horn of Africa drowned while attempting to reach Yemen . Five survivors told refugee agency representatives that the boat was overcrowded and started having trouble soon after leaving the port of Bosasso in northern Somalia on Tuesday . It 's capsized 15 minutes into its journey . At least 100,000 people have crossed the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aden this year , despite warnings from U.N. and aid agencies about the risks of those kind of trips . Before Tuesday 's incident , 95 people had drowned or gone missing this year in the waters between Somalia and Yemen .	United Nations Refugee Agency says 55 people are drowned or missing Ethiopians and Somalis were on a boat that capsized off Somali coast 23 bodies have been found , agency says
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Thursday called the U.S. president inexperienced , compared him unfavorably to President George W. Bush and suggested he apologize for "  interfering in Iran 's affairs . " Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad lashed out at President Obama on Thursday . "  Do you think that this kind of behavior is going to solve any of your problems ? It will only make people think you are someone like Bush , " the semiofficial Fars news agency quoted Ahmadinejad as saying . "  You are at the beginning of your way and you are gaining experience , and we do not wish the scandals of the Bush era to be repeated during your term of office , " the Iranian leader said . President Obama , who has been in office for five months , has been treading a careful line on Iran , which has seen two weeks of street demonstrations following a disputed presidential election there . Watch how U.S.-Iran relations got to this point Pro-government security forces have cracked down on the protests , with officials saying 17 people have died . Unofficial reports suggest the number is much higher . Official results gave Ahmadinejad a 2-to-1 victory over his nearest rival , former Prime Minister Mir Hossein Moussavi . Moussavi says the results were rigged . Obama has said Iranians must be free to demonstrate peacefully , and his administration Wednesday withdrew invitations to Iranian diplomats around the world to attend U.S. embassy Fourth of July parties . The extension of invitations last month was seen as a cautious outreach to Iran , which has not had diplomatic relations with Washington for 30 years . Obama wrote secretly to Iran 's Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , before the election , Iranian sources confirmed Wednesday . See photos from post-election violence " Obama said Tuesday that Iran 's government must justify itself not in the eyes of the United States , but in the opinion of its own people . "  A sizable percentage of the Iranian people themselves ... consider this election illegitimate , " he said at a White House news conference . "  It is not too late for the Iranian government to recognize that there is a peaceful path that will lead to stability and prosperity , " he said . "  We hope they take it . " Timeline of election violence " Ahmadinejad said Thursday that even 5 - and 6-year-olds would not allow insults to the Iranian nation , telling Obama : "  We hope that you will avoid interfering in Iran 's affairs and somehow express your regret so that the Iranian nation can become aware of your regret . If there is real change , the Iranian nation will welcome it . "	Ahmadinejad : "  We do not wish the scandals of the Bush era to be repeated " Iran has been in gripped in post-election violence for two weeks Obama has said that Iranians must be permitted to demonstrate peacefully U.S. president secretly wrote to Iran 's supreme leader before the election
U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan have killed far more people than the United States has acknowledged , have traumatized innocent residents and largely been ineffective , according to a new study released Tuesday . The study by Stanford Law School and New York University 's School of Law calls for a re-evaluation of the practice , saying the number of "  high-level " targets killed as a percentage of total casualties is extremely low -- about 2 % . The report accuses Washington of misrepresenting drone strikes as "  a surgically precise and effective tool that makes the U.S. safer , " saying that in reality , "  there is significant evidence that U.S. drone strikes have injured and killed civilians . " It also casts doubts on Washington 's claims that drone strikes produce zero to few civilian casualties and alleges that the United States makes "  efforts to shield the drone program from democratic accountability . " The drone strike program has long been controversial , with conflicting reports on its impact from U.S. and Pakistani officials and independent organizations . President Barack Obama told CNN last month that a target must meet "  very tight and very strict standards , " and John Brennan , the president 's top counter-terrorism adviser , said in April that in "  exceedingly rare " cases , civilians have been "  accidentally injured , or worse , killed in these strikes . " In contrast to more conservative U.S. statements , the Stanford/NYU report -- titled "  Living Under Drones " -- offers starker figures published by The Bureau of Investigative Journalism , an independent organization based at City University in London . "  TBIJ reports that from June 2004 through mid-September 2012 , available data indicate that drone strikes killed 2,562 - 3,325 people in Pakistan , of whom 474 - 881 were civilians , including 176 children . TBIJ reports that these strikes also injured an additional 1,228 - 1,362 individuals , " according to the Stanford/NYU study . Based on interviews with witnesses , victims and experts , the report accuses the CIA of "  double-striking " a target , moments after the initial hit , thereby killing first responders . It also highlights harm "  beyond death and physical injury , " publishing accounts of psychological trauma experienced by people living in Pakistan 's tribal northwest region , who it says hear drones hover 24 hours a day . "  Before this we were all very happy , " the report quotes an anonymous resident as saying . "  But after these drones attacks a lot of people are victims and have lost members of their family . A lot of them , they have mental illnesses . " People have to live with the fear that a strike could come down on them at any moment of the day or night , leaving behind dead whose "  bodies are shattered to pieces , " and survivors who must be desperately sped to a hospital . The report concedes that "  real threats to U.S. security and to Pakistani civilians exist in the Pakistani border areas now targeted by drones . " And it acknowledges that drone strikes have "  killed alleged combatants and disrupted armed actor networks . " But it concludes that drone strikes , which are conducted by the CIA in a country not at war with the United States , are too harmful to civilians , too sloppy , legally questionable and do more harm to U.S. interests than good . "  A significant rethinking of current U.S. targeted killing and drone strike policies is long overdue , " it says . "  U.S. policy-makers , and the American public , can not continue to ignore evidence of the civilian harm and counter-productive impacts of U.S. targeted killings and drone strikes in Pakistan . " The study recommends that Washington undertake measures to rectify collateral damage -- including making public detailed legal justification for strikes , implementing mechanisms transparently to account for civilian casualties , ensuring independent investigations into drone strike deaths , prosecuting cases of civilian casualties and compensating civilians harmed by U.S. strikes in Pakistan . Nine months of research went into the report , according to its authors , which included "  two investigations in Pakistan , more than 130 interviews with victims , witnesses , and experts , and review of thousands of pages of documentation and media reporting . " U.S. authorities have largely kept quiet on the subject of drone strikes in Pakistan . However , the use of armed drones to target and kill suspected terrorists has increased dramatically during the Obama administration , according to Peter Bergen , CNN 's national security analyst and a director at the New America Foundation , a Washington-based think tank that monitors drone strikes . Obama has already authorized 283 strikes in Pakistan , six times more than the number during President George W. Bush 's eight years in office , Bergen wrote earlier this month . As a result , the number of estimated deaths from the Obama administration 's drone strikes is more than four times what it was during the Bush administration -- somewhere between 1,494 and 2,618 . However , an analysis by the New America Foundation says that the civilian casualty rate from drone strikes has been dropping sharply since 2008 despite the rising death toll . "  The number of civilians plus those individuals whose precise status could not be determined from media reports -- labeled ` unknowns ' by NAF -- reported killed by drones in Pakistan during Obama 's tenure in office were 11 % of fatalities , " said Bergen . "  So far in 2012 it is close to 2 % . Under President Bush it was 33 % . " The foundation 's analysis relies on credible media outlets in Pakistan , which in turn rely on Pakistani officials and local villagers ' accounts , Bergen said , rather than on U.S. figures . The drone program is deeply unpopular in Pakistan , where the national parliament voted in April to end any authorization for it . This , however , was "  a vote that the United States government has simply ignored , " according to Bergen . Obama told CNN 's Jessica Yellin this month that the use of armed drones was "  something that you have to struggle with . " "  If you do n't , then it 's very easy to slip into a situation in which you end up bending rules thinking that the ends always justify the means , " he continued . "  That 's not been our tradition . That 's not who we are as a country . " Obama also addressed his criteria for lethal action in the interview , although he repeatedly declined to acknowledge any direct involvement in selecting targets . "  It has to be a target that is authorized by our laws . It has to be a threat that is serious and not speculative . It has to be a situation in which we ca n't capture the individual before they move forward on some sort of operational plot against the United States , " Obama said . His security adviser , Brennan , gave the Obama administration 's first public justification for drone strikes in his April speech at the Woodrow Wilson Center , a Washington think-tank . Such strikes are used when capture is not a feasible option and are conducted "  in full accordance with the law , " Brennan said . "  We only authorize a strike if we have a high degree of confidence that innocent civilians will not be injured or killed , except in the rarest of circumstances , " he said . Despite the "  extraordinary precautions " taken by the United States , Brennan said , civilians "  have been accidentally injured , or worse , killed in these strikes . It is exceedingly rare , but it has happened . When it does , it pains us , and we regret it deeply , as we do any time innocents are killed in war . " Brennan also cited the "  the seriousness , the extraordinary care " taken by Obama and his national security team in deciding whether to use lethal force . The London-based rights organization Reprieve , which with the help of a partner organization in Pakistan facilitated access to some of the people interviewed for the Stanford/NYU study , backed its finding that the drone program causes wider damage than is acknowledged by the U.S. government . "  This shows that drone strikes go much further than simply killing innocent civilians . An entire region is being terrorized by the constant threat of death from the skies , " said Reprieve 's director , Clive Stafford Smith . "  Their way of life is collapsing : kids are too terrified to go to school , adults are afraid to attend weddings , funerals , business meetings , or anything that involves gathering in groups . Yet there is no end in sight , and nowhere the ordinary men , women and children of North West Pakistan can go to feel safe . "	A study by Stanford and NYU claims only about 2 % of killed targets are "  high-level " Innocent civilians are killed , maimed and traumatized by drone strikes , the report says Drones in Pakistan killed 176 children from 2004 to 2012 , an independent group says Obama has said a target must meet "  very tight and very strict standards "
CNN  -- Afghanistan , Pakistan , Somalia , Yemen , and now Syria and Iraq . The decade-plus duration of America 's confrontation with al Qaedism offers lessons not only on how we battle extremist ideology but also how we should calibrate our expectations . The traditional goal in warfare is simple : Defeat the adversary by destroying its will and capability to pose a threat . Force the adversary to capitulate . With a nontraditional foe , it 's not clear that we need to limit ourselves to traditional measures of victory . Containment could work . We know by now that in no cases have the adversary 's radical ideology been defeated . The most striking successes , such as Indonesia 's evisceration of the Jemaah Islamiya organization and African forces ' push against Al-Shabaab in Somalia , have only limited the reach of al Qaedism but failed to fully stem the flow of recruits to al Qaeda affiliates or squelch the ideology that underpins its festering . We have too many reminders of the resilience of this particularly violent ideology to think that it can be eliminated . Despite counterterrorism successes , Jemaah Islamiya in Indonesia still lies dormant and remains potentially dangerous , as recent Indonesian arrests show . In Somalia , Al-Shabaab has been pushed out of large swaths of territory and its leader killed , but it is nowhere near finished in East Africa . French successes in Mali were stunning but have not come close to defeating al Qaedism in the Sahel . Despite these lessons , commentators across the political spectrum speak today about the defeat of an even larger , more geographically diverse , and more brutal adversary , in Syria and Iraq , as if somehow the lessons of the durability of al Qaeda ideology has proven brittle in other , equally complex , battlefields . It has n't . We need to manage not just our expectations . Our rhetoric , too , matters more than we think . When we declare that we will defeat ISIS , what do we mean ? What is a sufficient condition to declare victory ? Unless we define that condition , we risk involving ourselves in yet another unending conflict . We can not aim to eliminate Salafi jihadism . Not in one year or two , and probably not in one generation or two . The events of the past years -- both our combat in Iraq and the instability ushered in by the Arab Spring -- have created new grievances and vast ungoverned  or ungovernable  spaces in a region that is better armed than any other place on Earth . There is a more modest way forward , though , and one that has proven successful without overreaching . How about rolling back ISIS gains , confining it in and preventing the flow of fighters both into the battle area and back , as one goal ? Yes , and that has already begun . Simply showing to its local adversaries that ISIS is n't invincible , that it folds under pressure , is an early win . And it is n't just American airpower that can accomplish this . Shia in Baghdad 's outskirts , Kurds in Syria , the Peshmerga in northern Iraq , have begun to push back and have had early successes . This will be a long , tough battle , but ISIS has made too many enemies and has too few friends to succeed in the long term . Truly degrading the ISIS menace will involve eliminating the minds who manage the operation . The leaders , including not just ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , but also his so-called ministers , media advisers and field commanders , need to be killed or captured . Most of their supporters , including European and American recruits to Syria and Iraq , will die on the battlefield , but al Qaeda 's ideological sympathizers typically also turn their attention to building cells that can attack Western targets , as we have witnessed in Indonesia , Yemen and the tribal areas of Pakistan . For that reason , selective , carefully targeted strikes in Syria will help decrease the risk here at home . Elimination of every ISIS leader and commander is too all encompassing a goal , and it 's unnecessary . We can take a page out of the Waziristan book by using the lessons of the standoff campaign against al Qaeda 's leadership remnants that has worked so successfully along the Pakistan-Afghanistan border . Were there American boots on the ground ? No . Were the selective strikes effective ? Absolutely . Pakistan 's Waziristan region offers other important lessons . Gains against the entrenched al Qaeda network there did n't come overnight . Likewise , America 's years of engagement against key targets in Pakistan , Somalia and Yemen provide a blueprint . This new fight against ISIS similarly will take patience , careful intelligence work , persistence and time . Commitment to disrupting the group over time will eliminate the leaders who have the vision and capability to sponsor this kind of plotting . If we can find ways to keep those terror leaders on the run , that will shift their focus from plotting to survival . So , we should start the campaign with an achievable definition of victory and a reasonable expectation about what that will take . We want to degrade ISIS so its ability to attack us and our interests is minimized , and to aid allies -- particularly Iraqis and Middle Eastern governments who are willing to commit even limited forces . We have to ensure that this does n't become America 's war again . Along with our allies , we want to free the people who now come under the cruel ISIS boot . Defeat of ISIS may come . In the meantime , a good dose of degrade will be more than sufficient .	Andrew Liepman , Philip Mudd : Ideology-driven adversaries are hard to eliminate Liepman , Mudd : Our confrontation with al Qaeda offers strategies on fighting ISIS They say we need an achievable definition of victory , such as confining ISIS gains Liepman , Mudd : Fight against ISIS will take patience and careful intelligence work
CNN  -- A group of native Hawaiians occupied the grounds of the old Hawaiian monarchy 's royal residence Wednesday , vowing to stay and do the business of the kingdom 's government . "  It is through a greater realm than ours " that the group took this action , said Mahealani Kahau , elected leader of the group , called Hawaiian Kingdom Government . "  Today and every day , we will be here to assume our role . " The group is one of several in Hawaii that reject statehood and seek to return to the constitutional monarchy that effectively ended in 1893 when a group of politicians , businessmen and sugar planters -- aided by the U.S. minister to Hawaii -- overthrew the kingdom 's government . The monarchist groups say the kingdom was overthrown and annexed into the United States illegally . Hawaii 's office of the attorney general did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment on Wednesday 's action . The staff of Iolani Palace , built in 1882 and now operated as a museum , shut down the building to visitors . The 60 or so protesters occupied the grounds , chaining the gates and stationing guards there to explain to visitors the purpose of the action . The group later reopened the gates , but remained on the grounds and the building was kept closed . "  It saddens my heart to have to turn away visitors , " said palace staff member Cindy Ascencio , who added that although she is a native Hawaiian , she does not understand the actions of the group . Ascencio also said the group appeared peaceful and she was not concerned about security . Jose Carrion , a visitor to Hawaii from Puerto Rico , told Honolulu 's KHON-TV that he was disappointed he would n't be able to visit the ornate palace and "  learn about the culture of the Hawaiians . " "  We wanted to come here precisely because we thought we 'd learn something about the history of Hawaii and the last queen and the monarchy , " said Carrion , who said he had reservations for the visit . "  But we 're leaving tomorrow , so we wo n't get to see the palace . " Carrion also said he "  kind of understood " the actions of the group . Puerto Rico and Hawaii , along with Guam and the Philippines , were annexed into the United States in 1898 after the Spanish-American War . Guam and Puerto Rico remain territories of the United States . The Philippines gained independence after World War II , and Hawaii became the 50th state in 1959 . Although the monarchy was not overthrown until 1893 , its fate effectively was sealed six years earlier when the same group that forced the overthrow imposed a new constitution on King David Kalakaua , who was forced to sign it under threat of arms . The document dramatically reduced the authority of the monarchy and instituted voter requirements that limited voting to wealthy businessmen and Hawaiian landowners , barring 75 percent of the native Hawaiian population and all Asians . When Queen Lili'uokalani ascended the throne after the death of her brother in 1891 , she began work on a new constitution that would have effectively reversed the 1887 document . With the help of John L. Stevens , the U.S. minister to Hawaii , the elite group that had changed the constitution in 1887 opposed the queen 's actions . Two years later , under threat of U.S. troops , she yielded her authority , saying , "  Until such time as the government of the United States shall ... undo the action of its representative and reinstate me in the authority which I claim as the constitutional sovereign of the Hawaiian Islands . " The queen was later imprisoned in Iolani Palace for eight months for her participation in an attempted 1895 revolt , until she relinquished her claim to the throne in return for her release . She died in 1917 at 79 . In 1993 , the U.S. Congress approved , and President Bill Clinton signed , an apology to the people of the Hawaiian islands . The document "  acknowledges that the overthrow of the kingdom of Hawaii occurred with the active participation of agents and citizens of the United States and further acknowledges that the native Hawaiian people never directly relinquished to the United States their claims to their inherent sovereignty as a people over their national lands , either through the kingdom of Hawaii or through a plebiscite or referendum . " Although it was used as a seat of government for decades after Lili'uokalani 's reign , the palace fell into disrepair . When the last of the government offices moved out and into new facilities adjacent to the palace in 1969 , restoration work began . It opened to the public in 1978 . E-mail to a friend	Group does not recognize Hawaii as a U.S. state Palace used by rulers of Hawaiian kingdom ; now a tourist attraction Peaceful protesters eventually unlock gates , stay on palace grounds
Pittsburgh  CNN  -- Singer Elton John paid tribute to his friend and fellow AIDS-activist , Elizabeth Taylor , at a concert in Pittsburgh Wednesday night . "  Today I lost a friend and you lost a hero named Elizabeth Taylor , " the singer told a cheering crowd at the Consol Energy Center . "  She was not just a movie star , although she was a huge movie star and there will never be anyone like her again ... She was without a doubt one of the greatest people I 've ever met in my life . " "  She stood up when no one was prepared to stand up and be counted against AIDS , " John continued . "  She supported everybody in that with 1,000 % of her body and her fiber . But most of all she loved people . She fought for the underdog . She was an incredible woman and I was privileged to have known her . " As John began to play the opening notes of his song "  Do n't Let the Sun Go Down on Me " he said "  God bless you , Elizabeth . God knows how we 're going to replace you . This is for you and your beautiful memory and for all the people you helped and saved . " Taylor and John have been active for years in raising awareness about AIDS and HIV , as well as raising money for research and care for sufferers . John accepted an award on her behalf from the group she helped create , the American Foundation for AIDS Research  amfAR  , at the group 's 25th annual black-tie benefit in February . Taylor passed away early Wednesday at the age of 79 .	Elton John and Elizabeth Taylor worked together on AIDS-issues for years John paid tribute to Taylor at a concert in Pittsburgh Wednesday John dedicated "  Do n't Let the Sun Go Down on Me " to Taylor John : Taylor was "  one of the greatest people I 've ever met in my life "
CNN  -- Seventy-four Cleveland police officers will face disciplinary action for a 2012 pursuit in which two people were killed in a hail of 137 bullets , police Chief Michael McGrath said Friday . The news conference dealt only with the pursuit , not the use of deadly force , which is still under investigation and will be addressed at a later date . A review of the incident shows that on the night of November 29 , the police force had 277 officers on duty . Of those , 104 were involved in the chase , McGrath said . "  It was really a tragic pursuit , " the chief said . "  When those officers started their tour of duty that evening , they started it with good intentions . " The disciplinary actions for the 74 officers will range from reprimand to suspension , McGrath said . Their violations include insubordination , endangerment of pursuit , improper emergency response driving and leaving the city . The incident began when officers saw a car speeding and heard what they thought was a gunshot , according to CNN affiliate WOIO . Police pursued the vehicle , and the driver , Timothy Russell , refused to stop , police told the station . Though officers reported seeing a gun in the car , no weapon was ever found , WOIO reported . The 23-minute chase took officers to East Cleveland , where 13 of them fired 137 shots , killing Russell , 43 , and his passenger , Malissa Williams , 30 , CNN affiliate WJW reported . In June , 12 officers , including a captain and a lieutenant , were disciplined . Nine were suspended , two were demoted and one was fired , according to media reports . Officers may face more disciplinary action once the deadly force review is complete , McGrath said . CNN 's John Branch and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	A driver , 43 , and passenger , 30 , were killed after a 23-minute chase in Cleveland Police chief : 104 of 277 officers on duty were involved somehow The chase ended with 13 officers firing 137 shots at the car in East Cleveland More disciplinary actions are possible when a deadly force review is complete
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Eight people were killed and 101 were wounded in two explosions during a celebration of Mexico 's independence day Monday night , a Mexican official said Tuesday . Wounded people get help after blasts Monday night during an independence day event in Morelia , Mexico . Two people remained in grave condition , said Roman Armando Luna Escalante , secretary of health in Michoacan state . Eleven of the wounded were children , Luna Escalante said . None of them are gravely injured . The explosions occurred around 11 p.m. near the governor 's residence in Morelia , the capital of Michoacan . The second blast happened shortly afterward a few blocks away . Officials would not say if they have any suspects or if any group has claimed responsibility . Some experts pointed to drug cartels or insurgents . "  It could be a warning to the federal government , which has put a lot of money and manpower to deal with drugs , which are very powerful there , " said Peter Hakim , president of the Inter-American Dialogue , a Washington-based think tank on Western Hemisphere affairs . "  It could be leftist guerrilla groups that occasionally throw a bomb . "  The problem is that this is part of a real wave of violence that is consuming Mexico . " Last week the bodies of 24 people , bound and shot execution-style , were found in Atlapulco , a town just south of Mexico City . Those killings Friday came roughly two weeks after tens of thousands of Mexicans marched on the nation 's capital , calling for greater government action against the wave of violent crime . Non-governmental groups estimate there have been more than 1,500 killings in Mexico this year linked to organized crime . In late August , Mexican President Felipe Calderon met with the country 's 32 governors to develop a plan to battle the rise in violent crime . Calderon , who was born in Morelia , condemned the attacks and said federal officials will redouble efforts to help state authorities investigate . More than 1,500 soldiers and federal police were maintaining order Tuesday , which marks the 198th anniversary of what Mexicans regard as their independence day . Festivities typically start the night before because on September 16 , 1810 , shortly before dawn , a priest in a village in the state of Guanajuato rang a church bell and called on Mexicans to fight for independence from Spain . The celebration in Morelia on Monday night was one of hundreds nationwide to celebrate that call for independence , which Mexico formally achieved in 1821 .	NEW : Death toll rises to eight in two blasts , official says ; more than 100 wounded NEW : Mexican president says federal officials will help investigate Explosions occurred during independence day celebration in Morelia
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- The death toll from a Russian coal mine accident has reached 52 , with 38 people still missing , the Russian Emergency Situations Ministry said Tuesday . "  The rescue operation to locate and recover the missing people is being carried out around the clock , " Veronica Smolskaya , spokeswoman for the ministry , told CNN . More than 80 survivors are currently in hospitals , according to the Russian State Health authorities . Emergency Situation Minister Sergei Shoigu said more than 700 rescue workers are now combing numerous underground tunnels of the mine , and the plan is to complete the operation within the next 24 hours , according to the ministry 's website . He was speaking at a special meeting of the rescue headquarters in Kemerovo region , which was also attended by Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , who traveled to the region Tuesday . Russian officials are still displaying hope and optimism in public , but several sources at the mine told Russian reporters on conditions of anonymity that finding anyone underground who survived the explosions would be a miracle . "  Hope is always the last one to die , but there is indeed little hope left , " Sergei Cheremnov , spokesman for the local regional Kemerovo governor , told CNN on the phone from the site of the accident . Cheremnov also said the first six funerals took place Tuesday . Five miners were buried in the town of Mezhdurechensk itself , where the accident took place , and one was buried in the town of Tashtagol , also in Kemerovo region . The gas explosion in the Raspadskaya mine occurred around 8:55 p.m. Saturday  12:55 p.m. ET  , when 359 people were working at the time . The mine is located near the western Siberian town of Mezhdurechensk , more than 2,300 miles east of Moscow , Russia . Almost 300 people were evacuated shortly after the explosion . More than 50 rescue workers had gone into the mine to recover the rest of the victims when a second gas explosion rocked the structure about four-and-a-half hours later , officials said , causing more fatalities and destruction . Dozens of miners and rescue workers were trapped as a result of that second , much more powerful explosion , and all communications with them were disrupted . Thick smoke and high methane concentrations in the mine prevented active rescue operations underground on Sunday and most of Monday morning , Russian officials said . The operation was further complicated by the very size of the mine : Raspadskaya is one of the largest in Russia 's mining industry . It has dozens of underground tunnels with a total length of almost 200 miles , according to Kemerovo Gov. Aman Tuleyev . Putin said on Russian state television Tuesday the investigation is closely analyzing all possible clues to determine the cause of the blasts . "  When such disasters are investigated , attention is always given to studying all aspects of the problem , including the so-called human factor , which means unsafe handling of fire , " Putin said while talking to victims ' families . But once the groups of rescuers entered the mine after the first blast , he said , "  there could have not been any unsafe handling of fire or equipment . It 's simply out of the question , " he said . "  The second blast was the hardest . " The victims ' families will be paid 1 million rubles  more than $ 33,000  in moral damages , and underage children of those killed in the accident will be paid a pension of 10,000 rubles  more than $ 330  every month until they reach the age of 18 , the Russian government decided Tuesday . The injured will receive 400,000 rubles  more than $ 13,300  , and miners sustaining light injuries will receive 200,000 rubles  more than $ 6,600  . Local authorities and the management of Raspadskaya mine will also allocate money to those affected , in addition to the federal government . On Tuesday , the first working day in Russia following three days of the May 9 Victory Day holidays , the shares of Raspadskaya mine plummeted by 15 percent at the Moscow stock exchange .	Death toll from explosions at a Russian mine reaches 52 38 people still missing following Saturday explosions 359 people were working in mine near town of Mezhdurechensk At least 18 rescue workers died in a second blast
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The death toll from the suicide bombing in Pakistan 's financial capital , Karachi , rose to 40 , authorities said Tuesday . The blast on Monday targeted a Shiite procession on M.A. Jinnah Road . The victims were among thousands of devotees commemorating Ashura , a major religious observance for the Shiites , one of two main Muslim denominations . Ashura marks the death anniversary of Imam Hussein , grandson of Prophet Mohammed . Hussein , who was killed in battle in Karbala in 680 A.D. , is regarded as a martyr -- and the battle is one of the events that helped create the schism between Sunnis and Shiites , the two main Muslim religious movements . Religious mourning during Ashura is characterized by people chanting , beating their breasts in penance , cutting themselves with daggers or swords and whipping themselves in synchronized moves . Shias are a minority in Pakistan . No one has claimed responsibility for the attack . But the government is in the midst of an intense army offensive to rout militants from their haven along the country 's border with Afghanistan . In retaliations , the militants have launched a series of deadly attacks in Pakistan . CNN 's Pierre Bairin contributed to this report .	Death toll rises Blast took place near where thousands of Shiite devotees were commemorating Ashura A day earlier suicide bombing in northeast Pakistan killed seven people
CNN  -- Colombia 's soccer officials announced Wednesday they will suspend a defender for the Deportivo Pereira for two games and fine him $ 560 for kicking an owl on the Junior Barranquilla home field on Sunday . The bird , a mascot for the Junior Barranquilla team , had landed on the field during a game shortly before Luis Moreno trotted over to it and launched it aloft with his foot . It landed a few yards away . Monday , it died . "  The animal was practically a symbol for the Barranquillera fan and , given that the aggression occurred in their own stadium and in direct view of all the assistants , such an attitude can validly be interpreted as being within the range of public provocation that is regulated by the disciplinary code of the Colombian Football Federation , " soccer officials said in a statement . Newspaper reports quoted Moreno as apologizing for the act .	Colombia 's Luis Moreno also fined $ 560 after kicking an owl Bird was "  practically a symbol for the Barranquillera fan , " soccer officials said Owl , which landed on field during game , died a day after incident
Atlanta  CNN  -- It began with scant details released by the military about a heinous allegation : A soldier slipped away from a remote outpost in southern Afghanistan and went on a shooting rampage at nearby villages that left 17 people dead . The questions were immediate : What was his name ? What was he doing at the outpost ? Where did the military take him ? The answers from the American military were slower in coming , and the dearth of information fueled angry accusations by Afghans of a cover-up , with President Hamid Karzai at one point accusing the U.S. military of withholding details and refusing to cooperate with Afghan investigators . "  The U.S. military justice system is unfamiliar territory to most Americans . So we should be hardly surprised that Afghans view it with skepticism , " said Eugene Fidell , a former judge advocate who teaches military justice at Yale Law School . Part of the issue is differing cultural and social practices . But the larger problem , Fidell and other legal experts say , is perceived missteps in a number of high-profile war crimes cases and the closed culture of the military itself have led to a lack of confidence -- whether justified or not -- in the military justice system . Critics are questioning the military 's ability to conduct the transparent , speedy investigation demanded by Afghanistan in the case , which has roiled relations between the two countries and intensified the debate about withdrawing troops ahead of the 2014 deadline . One way to improve people 's perception of the system , Fidell said , "  would be a greater transparency for some of the decision makers . " The military 's blackout on details surrounding the Afghan case is typical of the lack of transparency . It was through media leaks the world first learned the identity of the accused soldier and that he had been whisked out of Afghanistan . The military initially refused to release the information , citing security concerns . Only after the leaks did the military confirm that Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales , 38 , was being held in connection with the killings . "  That 's not the military justice system . That 's some administrative decision unrelated to the justice system , " said Gary D. Solis , a retired Marine Corps judge who teaches military justice at Georgetown University Law Center . Solis believes the military 's actions were an attempt , "  however wrong-headed , " to do the right thing . But it is that very attempt that has made it more difficult for the military . As it begins legal proceedings against Bales , the military is under the most intense scrutiny it has faced since soldiers were accused in 2004 of abusing Iraqi detainees at Abu Ghraib prison , and a squad of Marines were charged with killing two dozen civilians in Haditha , Iraq , in 2005 . Eleven soldiers were court-martialed for their roles in Abu Ghraib , though only three received prison sentences of more than a year . In the Haditha case , charges were dropped , dismissed or reduced against all but one Marine , Sgt. Frank Wuterich , who was convicted of one count of dereliction of duty after a plea deal was reached in January in the case . In Afghanistan , the negative perception of the U.S. military has been exacerbated by a video that surfaced in January showing Marines urinating on the bodies of slain Afghans . The Marine Corps at the time said it would investigate the actions , and news reports last month indicated Defense Secretary Leon Panetta was briefed on the findings , but the Pentagon has yet to release any details . Cases like these define the U.S. military for many Afghans , said Sarah Holewinski , executive director of the Washington-based Campaign for Innocent Victims in Conflict . "  I was talking with Afghan officials a few weeks ago about how they view the U.S. military . They said they understood that the U.S. tries not to kill civilians , but all of them noted three things that stand out to them : Haditha , Abu Ghraib and urination on dead bodies , " Holewinski said . "  It 's a shame , " she added , because the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force "  has gotten much better about civilian casualties , but these are incidents that civilians remember . And understandably so . " Fidell said Haditha , Abu Ghraib and other high-profile cases have a "  cumulative effect " for the public , even though the cases are very different from one another . "  The mere fact that prominent cases are perceived to have several times fizzled or all but fizzled , it is not surprising that it leaves people in other countries less than fully nourished , " he said . Attorney Colby Vokey , who participated in the defense of Wuterich , dismissed criticism in the United States and abroad that there is an appearance the military protects its own . "  The military will prosecute cases that nobody else will touch , " said Vokey , a retired Marine lawyer who now works as a civilian defense attorney . "  There are no financial constraints , no political constraints . They are insulated from that . " At the same time , however , military courts are insulated from the transparency the public demands from state and federal courts . In civilian cases , everything from the police investigation to the naming of a suspect to the release of court transcripts is often available for public consumption . In the military , the same material is sometimes withheld because of operations or security concerns , though more often than not it 's more a matter of the military 's discretion . "  It 's easy for those of us who have worked in the system to have a lot of confidence in the system . We 're looking at it as insiders to our own system , " said Victor M. Hansen , a retired Army judge advocate lawyer and vice president of the National Institute of Military Justice . Military justice is designed to be a tool for a commander to maintain good order in the ranks , Hansen said . It 's the commander who will decide the charges , where a case will be tried and other details . The problem of perception arises , he said , when commanders do not explain "  their actions , their reasoning , their processes , their thoughts on a particular case . " "  That 's a culture that 's beyond military justice . That 's a military culture , " he said . Retired military judge Solis said it is that very reason that "  the mentality in the military " must change so that clarity and transparency are viewed as a benefit rather than an obstacle . "  And yes , sometimes it means we are going to take our hits , " he said .	The dearth of details from the military about the case is fueling Afghan anger Legal experts say the military needs to be more transparent with the case Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales faces charges of murder , attempted murder and assault
CNN  -- Public executions , death by starvation and torture are common in North Korean political prisoner camps , according to testimony given to human rights group Amnesty International . Fifteen former inmates and prison guards told Amnesty about their daily experiences in the camps , describing the lack of food , hard labor and cramped conditions . The camps -- which hold an estimated 200,000 people according to Amnesty -- also appear to be growing in size according to new satellite images obtained by the group . A satellite image taken of a camp in April was analyzed by the American Association for the Advancement of Science  AAAS  against a satellite image taken in 2001 , says Amnesty . Analysis shows an expansion of the number of buildings in the camp , according to the report . Amnesty says the facilities occupy vast wilderness sites in the provinces of South Pyongan , South Hamkyung and North Hamkyung and house prisoners accused of criticizing the leadership , those believed to be part of anti-government groups and even those caught listening to South Korean broadcasts . "  North Korea can no longer deny the undeniable . For decades the authorities have refused to admit to the existence of mass political prison camps , " said Sam Zarifi , Amnesty International Asia Pacific Director . "  As North Korea seems to be moving towards a new leader in Kim Jong-un and a period of political instability , the big worry is that the prison camps appear to be growing in size . " The report says tens of thousands are believed to be held at one camp simply because one of their relatives has been sent to a camp . According to testimony , every former inmate at one camp had witnessed a public execution , one child was held for eight months in a cube-like cell so small he could n't move his body and an estimated 40 % of inmates die from malnutrition . Tortures included placing a plastic bag over the head of a victim and submerging them in water , sleep deprivation , bamboo slivers under the fingernails , and suspending prisoners whose feet and hands have been bound behind them , witnesses said . One former inmate told Amnesty how he and his father were forced to witness the public execution of his mother and brother , while a former prison guard detailed how inmates would eat snakes , rats and pig feed . One former inmate told how she had picked , cleaned and eaten corn kernels from cow dung . Other testimony outlined how children at the camps were given minimal education and were often forced into heavy labor , sometimes working until they collapsed . "  If you fell sick , there were no meals because you did not produce any output , " the report quoted one witness as saying . Aidan Foster-Carter , Honorary Senior Research Fellow in Sociology and Modern Korea at Leeds University in England , said : "  It is difficult to get hard data  on North Korea  for obvious reasons , and it could be that the numbers of people in the camps are growing . What may be happening is that as part of the changing political situation the government has conducted a purge of people opposed to the succession  of leader Kim Jong ll by his son Kim Jong-un  . "  Entire families have ended up in these concentration camps for political offences . A young boy ended up in one of these camps because his grandfather had expressed political dissent . They are endemic , they are part of the system . " The North Korean government -- which has denied the existence of mass political prison camps -- has not publicly commented on the report 's findings . In its most recent human rights report on North Korea , the U.S. State Department describes the country 's human rights record as "  deplorable . " The report cites testimony from NGOs and refugees that claimed camps covered areas as large as 200 square miles and contained mass graves , barracks , worksites and other prison facilities . "  An NGO reported that one reeducation center was so crowded that prisoners were forced to sleep on top of each other or sitting up , " the report , updated in March , 2010 , said . "  The same NGO reported that guards at a labor camp stole food brought for inmates by their family members . " Journalists Peter Shadbolt and Thair Shaikh contributed to this story .	Testimony reveals realities of daily life in N Korean political prisoner camps Amnesty says the camps could contain as many as 200,000 inmates There are fears of a crackdown as the country heads towards a change of leadership
CNN  -- When Benedetto Vigna set out to create a 3D motion sensor that had the strength to resist the stress of rough and tumble yet the smarts to detect human movement , it would have been easy to look for answers in academic papers and the latest scientific theories . Instead , the Italian nuclear-physicist-come-microelectronic-specialist cast conventional wisdom aside and sought inspiration in the architectural splendor of the Japanese city of Kyoto . It was here , in early 2003 , that Vigna came to wonder at the towering Toji Pagoda -- a 58-meter-tall wooden structure that has remained unmoved for more than 1,200 years despite being situated in an active earthquake zone . See also : The new age of driverless cars As he paced around the majestic five-storey monument , Vigna began to consider whether he could transfer the engineering philosophy that underpinned the ancient building to the problems he faced in the high-tech world of micro-processers . "  There 's a single pillar  in the Toji Pagoda  and then it is like a flower with different levels of floors , " Vigna explained . "  When there is an earthquake ... structure  s  like this do n't go down because you have only one pillar . Usually if you have two pillars , because of movement in the earth , then you may have some breakage . "  Instead of making  the sensor devices  like we were at the time with a lot of pillars ... we found a way to make a single pillar structure to make it more robust . " Vigna 's observation led to a flurry of excited development at his company , STMicroelectronics , in Milan , Italy , upon his return from Japan . Just five weeks later and the first micro-electrical mechanical sensor  MEMS  device with Vigna 's single-pillar theory was validated by his colleagues . MEMS were not a new invention at the time but using this off-beat technique to make the tiny silicon components more resilient whilst maintaining performance was a major breakthrough . After many years of research "  we had the industrial solution from a performance point of view , form a cost point of view  and  from a quality point of view to realize our business idea , " Vigna enthused . See also : Teen builds one-man submarine for $ 2,000 The first company to pick up STMicroelectronics ' newly developed technology -- perhaps aptly given its eastern origins -- was Nintendo in 2005 . The Japanese gaming giant used the devices to detect and interact with user movement in the control pads of its Nintendo Wii system  which subsequently became one of the most popular computer consoles of all time  . Versions of Vigna 's MEMS chips have since been applied to desktop computers and are now an integral feature of smartphone and tablet devices . MEMS is the component responsible for enabling users to flick between apps , tilt their smartphones to engender movement in a game they may be playing as well as stabilizing camera images when pictures are taken . Without Vigna 's eureka moment , it can safely be concluded that cellphone technology would be nowhere near as advanced as it is today . "  Sometimes I think about this and I am glad to see that what I started  has been useful  and I like when I hear people , especially in the crisis times , saying thanks to MEMS we have a job , " Vigna said . See also : Ex-cop builds robot from household goods While content with the progress of his invention thus far , Vigna believes MEMS still has much more to give in the years to come . The technology has already ballooned into a billion dollar industry with 18 million sensors now produced every week  of which STMicroelectronics are responsible for around 60 %  . He highlights a strew of potential new uses , including indoor mapping , healthcare devices that measure movement over a certain period as well as a exciting new smartphone applications . "  Today there are many applications using MEMS , " Vigna said . "  If you go on the internet you are looking at about tens of thousands of applications . " "  This  field  is a place where big companies , but also start-ups , can think about new applications and make it happen , " he added .	An ancient Japanese temple inspired an Italian inventor to create a piece of technology vital for smartphones The Toji Pagoda in Kyoto has stood in the same place for more than 1,200 years despite being situated in an earthquake zone The architectural underpinnings of the structure acted as inspiration for a new type of micro-processor MEMS technology is now a vital component in smartphone and tablet devices
CNN  -- Filming for the next "  Star Wars " movie will take a break next month to give Harrison Ford 's broken leg time to heal , producers said Monday . Two "  young aspiring actors " will join the cast as the result of a search "  high and low for young and undiscovered talent , " the filmmakers also announced . "  Star Wars : Episode VII " is still on a path to land in theaters on December 18 , 2015 . "  In August , the team will take a brief two-week hiatus while adjustments to the current production schedule are made as actor Harrison Ford recovers from a leg injury , " producers said in a note to fans on their official website . "  Harrison is doing well and is looking forward to returning to the set soon . " Harrison Ford broke leg in ` Star Wars ' set mishap , publicist says Ford , who is reprising the Han Solo role that brought him fame in the first "  Star Wars " in 1977 , broke his left leg in an on-set accident at London 's Pinewood Studios on June 12 , according to his publicist . The 71-year-old actor underwent surgery and began rehab on his leg last month , spokeswoman Ina Treciokas said in a statement to CNN . The two new faces Ford will see when he returns to the production are American actress Crystal Clarke and British actor Pip Andersen . They were chosen through an open casting call by Lucasfilm and Disney executives starting seven months ago , according to a statement . Producers considered 37,000 hopefuls who showed up in 11 U.S. and British cities , and another 30,000 who submitted online applications , they said . "  The Star Wars universe has always been about discovering and nurturing young talent and in casting Episode VII we wanted to remain absolutely faithful to this tradition , " Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy said in the announcement . "  We are delighted that so many travelled to see us at the open casting calls and that we have been able to make Crystal and Pip a part of the film . " Clarke was born in Belleville , New Jersey , but later moved to Nashville , according to her biography on the Internet Movie Database . The bio and producers ' announcement did not list her age , but she will graduate this year from the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland in Glasgow , her bio said . Her professional acting resume is short . Clarke 's first feature film role will not hit theaters until next year , when she acts opposite Pierce Brosnan and William Hurt in "  The Moon and the Sun . " Pip Andersen 's budding career is built on his skills as "  a practitioner of parkour , a discipline that involves propelling oneself through any given environment with incredible grace and agility , " the release said . He is best known for using his parkour skills in a Spider-Man ad for Sony , the producers said . Lupita Nyong ' o joins ` Star Wars ' cast	Producers make "  adjustments " because of Harrison Ford 's broken leg Ford "  is doing well and is looking forward to returning to the set soon , " producers say Two "  young aspiring actors " added after "  high and low " search for "  undiscovered talent " "  Star Wars : Episode VII " is still set to hit theaters on December 18 , 2015
CNN  -- It has taken almost three months and more than 100 men embarking on a life-threatening hunger strike for President Obama to remind himself and the nation why the prison at Guantanamo Bay needs to be closed . Self-starvation is excruciating , but as one of our clients expressed , this is the only way the men at Guantanamo have left to tell the world what it means to be unjustly detained without charge or trial for more than 11 years with no end in sight . The starvation protest , which began in February , has created headlines around the world . Of the 100 men , 23 are being force fed to keep them alive . As you read this , it 's likely that some of the men are being dragged from their cells , strapped to restraint chairs , and a rubber tube inserted up their nose and into their stomachs to pump in liquid dietary supplement . One of the men described the traumatic experience to his attorney as having a razor blade go down through your nose and into your throat . Last week , 40 additional military medical personnel were sent to Guantanamo to assist with the force-feedings , a practice that the American Medical Association condemned as a violation of "  core ethical values of the medical profession " and the United Nations condemned as torture and a breach of international law . Force-feedings at Guantanamo are nothing new , and much like indefinite detention , the practice has come to define the prison . In 2005 , when the first mass hunger strike at the prison took place , the Bush administration also responded by having medical personnel force-feed the men . Back then the men were fighting for due process and access to attorneys ; eight years later and with more than half the prison population cleared for release by the Obama administration itself , the men are asking for an end to their indefinite detention . As President Obama said last week , the prison is "  not necessary to keep America safe . It 's expensive , it 's inefficient , it hurts us in terms of international standing , it lessens cooperation with our allies in counterterrorism efforts . " It is also illegal and inhumane , as the United Nations ' top independent human rights experts and the international human rights body with jurisdiction over the United States , the OAS 's Inter-American Commission on Human Rights , reminded the president . I would like to believe that if the president could see what lawyers at my organization have witnessed during visits with our clients in the last few weeks , he would act without delay to make good on the promise he made to close Guantanamo Bay four years ago . The toll that starvation and the violence of force-feedings have taken on the men is painful to see . They have lost 30 to 40 pounds , they look skeletal , and many are losing consciousness and coughing up blood . Last we heard , one of our clients weighed 90 pounds . I 'd like to believe that if President Obama knew a man like Djamel Ameziane , he would understand that closing the prison is not a matter of political expediency but life or death . Djamel has been cleared for release , the government has said there are no "  military rationales " for detaining him further , and other countries have expressed an interest in resettling him because he fears persecution in his home country of Algeria . Yet he continues to languish in a cell years later . What does that do to a man 's spirit ? The president said he continues to believe "  we 've got to close Guantanamo . " But believing is not enough . Believing in the president and having their hopes for justice raised and dashed so many times since the order to close Guantanamo was first signed in 2009 is what drove the men at Guantanamo to put their lives on the line with this hunger strike . Guantanamo is back in the news in a serious way for the first time in years , and it is the men themselves who have succeeded in putting it there , using the only peaceful means they have available to them to demand their lives back . The president has more staff members force-feeding men whom his own administration cleared for release than he has working to transfer them out . It should not take the inevitable deaths that will follow from this crisis for the president to act . He must stop pretending Congress is preventing him from doing anything . Right now he has the authority that Congress provided under the National Defense Authorization Act to start transferring the men who have been cleared using a national security waiver . He also has the power to lift his self-imposed moratorium on transfers to Yemen . Collective punishment based on nationality is as illegal as indefinite detention . The president said the right things last week . He has said the right things before . All it takes now is the humanity and the will to act and end the horror that is Guantanamo prison . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Vincent Warren .	Vince Warren : It took 100 men on a hunger strike for Obama to remember he must close Gitmo Warren : Starving is the only way inmates can protest being held 11 years with no charges Obama sent more staff to force feed hunger strikers , which is considered torture , he says Warren : Obama has authority to close prison , it 's a ruse that Congress prevents him
Washington  CNN  -- Shocking as it may sound , the seemingly endless federal bureaucracy can get confusing , especially when interpreting statutory procedure . When that happens , federal courts -- including the Supreme Court -- by precedent normally give the government the benefit of the doubt , what is called "  administrative deference . " That ambiguity was on display Monday in an unusual legal dilemma : Can a child conceived after the death of the biological father be eligible for survivor benefits under Social Security ? The Obama administration thinks not , and a majority of justices -- almost by default -- appeared to agree during a spirited morning of oral arguments . "  You lose if the statute is ambiguous , " said Chief Justice John Roberts to the lawyer for the surviving parent . "  Is there any reason we should n't conclude based on the last hour that it 's at least ambiguous ? " Added Justice Elena Kagan : "  It 's a mess . " At issue is how the court should interpret the word "  child " and whether state laws over wills and trusts are adequate to deal with evolving technology for in vitro fertilization . Robert Capato developed esophageal cancer just months after marrying Karen Kuttner in 1999 . Concerned the medical treatment could leave him sterile , Capato began depositing semen in a sperm bank . After his health improved , the couple conceived naturally and a son was born . But the man 's condition later worsened and Robert died in March 2002 . The confusion lies in the fact his final will did not specify whether children born after his passing could be legally declared his survivors . But a separate notarized document from the Capatos stated , "  Any children born to us , who were conceived by the use of our embryos , shall in all respects and for purposes , including but not limited to descent of property , be children of our bodies . " Karen underwent the in vitro fertilization procedure and 18 months after her husband 's death , twin children were born . She then applied for Social Security survivor benefits , but the agency rejected the claim . An administrative judge concluded the "  domicile at death " for Robert , the wage earner , was Florida , and that state did not provide for children conceived after the parent 's death . A federal appeals court then found for Karen Capato , saying the twins were "  children " within meaning of state law and Social Security regulations . The agency then appealed to the Supreme Court for review . The justices clearly appeared at odds over how to treat this relatively new category of offspring , and whether they should be in the same category as stepchildren or adopted children when deciding survivor benefits . Roberts suggested "  there is no clear answer . I mean , let 's take a situation where this type of reproduction is new , and the state legislatures have n't had a chance to decide whether they want to recognize the offspring for state intestacy  inheritance  law or not . " Several of his colleagues searched for related scenarios that could guide them in this unusual instance . "  Let 's assume Ms. Capato remarried but used her deceased husband 's sperm to birth two children . They are the biological children of the Capatos . Would they qualify for survivor benefits even though she is now remarried ? " asked Justice Sonia Sotomayor . "  A situation like that is what is making me uncomfortable , because I do n't see the words ` biological ' in the  federal  statute . I do n't see the word ` marriage ' directly , within the definition of ` child . ' " Justice Antonin Scalia was more direct . Federal policy "  disfavors children who are born after the father has died . Which is in accord with the title of the statute : Survivors Benefits , " he said . "  What is at issue here is not whether children that have been born through artificial insemination get benefits . It 's whether children who are born after the father 's death gets benefits . " Charles Rothfeld . Capato 's attorney , said , "  There is no question that children who are ... pro-conceived naturally in the marriage and are born after the father 's death are deemed to be dependents and receive benefits . " Sotomayor jumped in : "  I am interested as to what your definition of child is . Is it just a biological offspring ? Is it limited to a biological offspring born of a particular marriage ? But in what context ? " Rothfeld struggled to respond . "  What if the Capato twins were conceived four years after of the death in this case ? " asked Roberts . "  Would your argument be the same ? " "  These children were born 18 months after the insured wage earner died , " said Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg . "  If we look to other categories of children -- say , stepchildren , and there is also one for adopted children -- they qualify only if they had that status no less than nine months before the wage earner died , and adopted children there is also a limitation . The stepchild and the adopted child , there could never be any question of being born 18 months later . They would n't qualify . There is a time limit for the other children . And if Congress had thought about this problem , maybe it would put a time limit on this , too . " Rothfeld did little to convince the court that advances in artificial insemination were something lawmakers could not have anticipated when they passed the Social Security Act in 1939 and should not continue to hinder his client 's ability to seek benefits . "  I think the problem is that we 're dealing with new technologies that Congress did n't develop -- was n't anticipating at the time . " A ruling by the court is expected by June , but it is not likely to have an immediate widespread impact . Court records show only about 100 other federal benefit applicants in a similar situation as Capato . But the justices could use this appeal to clarify what it means to be a "  child " in relation to a parent and whether current state and federal law is flexible enough to incorporate a growing a range of technological conception possibilities . The case is Astrue v. Capato  11-159  .	NEW : "  It 's a mess , " Kagan says The Supreme Court hears a case dealing with the child of a deceased father The child was conceived by in vitro fertilization after the father died The question is whether the child can be eligible for Social Security survivor benefits
Mashable  -- Along with hearing the announcement about the Verizon iPhone Tuesday , we 've learned that Apple 's iPad -- which has been marketed by Verizon for some time -- will now actually be able to connect directly to the Verizon network . We realize that connecting the device to the network sounds like a no-brainer . However , for the past few months , folks with Verizon iPads have had to buy separate external Verizon MiFi devices in order to connect when Wi-Fi was n't available . Now , as Apple 's exclusivity with AT&T comes to a close , the iPad will be able to connect directly to Verizon 's 3G -- and who knows , perhaps even its 4G LTE -- network . The latter would bring it to parity with Motorola 's Xoom , a new Android-powered tablet recently announced at CES . iPads with embedded Verizon chips will be coming soon ; however , an exact release date has n't yet been set . The iPad first came to Verizon in October 2010 . Although connecting to the network when Wi-Fi was n't present did require a bundled MiFi , costs were comparable and data plans were better than what AT&T customers were getting . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Apple 's iPad will now be able to connect directly to Verizon network No release date set for iPads with embedded Verizon chips iPad first came to Verizon in October 2010
CNN  -- It might not be the biggest blunder in "  Wheel of Fortune " history , but it just might be podium worthy . Recently a contestant named Stephen rang in first during one of the Toss Ups , where one by one , letters are revealed until a contestant buzzes in and takes a guess . The category was Song Lyrics . "  S -- F C -- Y - ERE WE COME . " Stephen 's guess was "  Surf Clay Where We Go . " Where ? Go ? Really ? To which host Pat Sajak said , bluntly , "  Uh , no , " while probably thinking , "  What the bleep is surf clay ? " We 're guessing Stephen is not a fan of Jan and Dean and not familiar with the classic "  Surf City , Here We Come . " TMZ tracked down Stephen , last name Dryer , who told the website that in his rush to buzz in he panicked and forgot the category . As Dryer pointed out , it 's not like he flubbed three puzzles like a student did in April during a college week episode . That man , Julian Batts , even blew one round in which every letter could be seen . He mispronounced Achilles , to the benefit of the next contestant . Dyer told TMZ he was going to take the $ 7,200 he won and use part of it to go on a cruise . We hope they do n't run into any surf clay . ` Wheel of Fortune ' contestant has epic win	"  Wheel of Fortune " contestant Stephen Dryer should have waited a few more letters He tells TMZ he forgot the category , which was song lyrics We 're still trying to figure out what surf clay is He still won $ 7,200 and will go on a cruise
Dublin , Ireland  CNN  -- Thousands of protesters marched through the streets of Dublin on Saturday to remember a woman who died after being refused an abortion and to demand a change to the country 's laws . Savita Halappanavar , 31 , went into a hospital on October 21 complaining of back pain . She was 17 weeks pregnant at the time . The doctors who examined her told her she was having a miscarriage but denied her an abortion even though she was in extreme pain , her husband has said . Halappanavar died of septicemia , or a blood infection , at the hospital . Chanting "  never again , never again " protesters marched to government buildings and held a candlelit vigil in Dublin . Vigils were also held other cities , including Galway , where Halappanavar died , and outside the Irish Embassy in London . "  I 'm here today to stand up for women 's rights . And I think the government should legislate and stop messing around , " said Patrick O'Neill , a protester . Abortions laws in Ireland are strict and terminations can only carried out in exceptional circumstances . Twenty years ago , the Irish Supreme Court ruled abortions are allowed when there is a real and substantial risk to the life of the mother . But the ruling was never been enacted into law , meaning there is little clarity for doctors or patients as to when an abortion can and ca n't take place . It is this Supreme Court ruling that some Irish people now want made into law . Gerry Adams , leader of Ireland 's Sinn Fein political party , has said it 's time for the government to legislate for abortion in certain medical cases . Other politicians have called called for an investigation into Halappanavar 's death . Her death is "  particularly tragic and harrowing , and shocking to all concerned , " said Irish opposition lawmaker Micheal Martin . He has called for an independent inquiry into the case "  with personnel from outside the country to participate on such a panel of inquiry . " The Irish government needs to "  establish the full circumstances " of her death , he said . The government has said it will launch an investigation , but details , including who will lead it , remain elusive . The government has said it will include the Halappanavar family in the inquiry . The hospital expressed sympathy to Halappanavar 's husband , and noted in a statement that "  the facts of this tragic case have yet to be established . " The hospital is conducting a review of the incident , as it does will all unexpected deaths . The Galway Roscommon University Hospitals Group released a statement saying , "  In the case of a sudden maternal death , these procedures are followed : notification of the death to the coroner ; notification of the death to the HSE 's National Incident Management Team ; the completion of a maternal death notification form . These national procedures are being followed by Galway University Hospital . "	Strict laws are under fire after the death of a woman who was refused an abortion "  Never again , never again , " protesters chant in the Irish capital The Irish government has said it will investigate Halappanavar 's death
CNN  -- Jobs , say hundreds of thousands of people . Pollution , say hundreds of thousands of others . They say that 's what a proposed oil pipeline would bring into the country , as it transports crude from massive deposits in Canadian tar sands to refineries and ports in the United States . The Keystone XL pipeline has triggered a gush of comments from Americans for and against its construction . The State Department in Washington has received 1.2 million since early March , when it came out in support of the project . It began publishing them on its website Thursday . The first 100,000 appeared this week , and the department plans to publish a similar number of comments every week , according to a statement . The comments are directed at a document the State Department published in March to justify its approval of the Keystone XL in light of what it considered environmentally sound planning . The Environmental Protection Agency strongly disagreed and batted down State Department 's draft Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement , giving it the equivalent of a "  C - " grade as an environmental document . Environmentally concerned citizens have piled in on top of the guardians of America 's ecology and appear to have turned in most of the comments arriving at the State Department . Citizens highlighting the possible economic benefits have joined the fight , siding with the pipeline 's proponents . Obama 's rock and hard place The politics of oil , jobs and ecology have put President Obama between a rock and hard place , as the ultimate decision to permit the Keystone XL 's construction rests on his shoulders alone . Proponents of the Keystone XL pipeline , many of them Republican lawmakers the president is seeking compromises from , say it will give America energy independence , thousands of jobs and important industrial infrastructure , and wo n't cost taxpayers a dime . Among its detractors are some of Obama 's traditional allies , who were instrumental in getting him elected . They say the massive pipe is dangerous , inherently filthy and must be stopped . State Department vs. EPA In its lengthy study , the State Department , headed by John Kerry , weighed in on the side of the proponents . But after reviewing it , the EPA sent a letter to high officials at the State Department , blasting the environmental impact statement . The environmental agency rated it as EO-2 , a bureaucratic moniker for "  Environmental Objections-Insufficient Information , " a below-average grade on the EPA 's scale . The Canadian crude in its raw form is mixed with sand . Extracting the oil and transporting it requires more energy than pumping crude out of a well . Thrusting it through long pipes increases the energy consumption . That higher energy use leads to greater greenhouse gas emissions , an increase of "  18.7 million metric tons  20 million tons  C02 ... per year when compared to an equal amount of U.S. average crudes , " the EPA said . The State Department 's assessment concludes that just as much Canadian oil will make it to market , by train if necessary , if no pipeline is built , therefore there would be little additional ecological impact . The EPA argued that "  while informative , " that train of thought is out of date . In comes public opinion Many of the U.S. citizens ' comments arriving at the State Department are duplicated form letters sent or signed by multiple commenters . They are associated with organizations that usually propagate one of two polarized arguments . In its form letters , members of the group Action Tar bemoan "  the killing a vast forests , to the contamination of terrestrial , aquatic , and atmospheric ecosystems which we all depend on . " But like most of the ecological protesters , it drives home the aspect of climate change , caused by "  a new super greenhouse gasoline . " Additional boosts to climate change also make up the core of the EPA 's objections . Form letters from proponent groups counter with arguments of economic urgency . " ... approve this project . Keystone XL will ensure American energy security and create jobs and economic opportunity in Nebraska . " Obama 's own former deputy press secretary is leading the charge to push the president to stop the pipeline . Bill Burton quit his job before the 2012 election to head up the super PAC Priorities USA , which worked for the president 's re-election . In January , he joined the PR firm Global Strategy Group as an executive vice president . He is now representing a new coalition , "  All Risk , No Reward , " which opposes Keystone XL . It goes after the additional greenhouse gases but also showcases the damage to Americans in the heartland caused by spills . Obama must decide Obama has promised to decide soon on whether or not to allow the TransCanada oil company to lay the 835-mile long Keystone XL pipeline from Alberta , Canada , to Steele City , Nebraska . The Keystone XL would pump 830,000 barrels of oil sands crude per day through America 's heartland , connecting crude producers in Canada with refineries and shipping companies in the United States . TransCanada would cover all the costs , proponents argue , making it practically a gift to the U.S. oil infrastructure . On its way to Nebraska , where it would connect with other , already existing pipelines , Keystone XL would pick up additional oil produced in Montana and North Dakota and stream it south , TransCanada said on its website . It would reduce "  American dependence on oil from Venezuela and the Middle East by up to 40 percent , " TransCanada extols . But the EPA is also concerned about oil spills , particularly since sands crude is different from conventional crude . It cites a 2010 pipe break in Michigan , which spurted out 20,000 barrels of sands crude . Some of it sank to the bottom of the Kalamazoo River and could not be completely cleaned up in three years ' time , the EPA said . "  Spills of diluted bitumen may require different response actions or equipment , " the letter stated . "  These spills can also have different impacts than spills of conventional oil . " Nebraska 's response The State Department 's assessment represents its second go-round with the Canadian company . It originally rejected a permit from TransCanada , last year , over the proposed route through Nebraska . TransCanada came up with a new route that the State Department approved of , but the EPA says it misses the mark . Nebraska 's Republican Gov. Dave Heineman has approved the project , and U.S. Rep. Lee Terry , R-Nebraska , has called for the Keystone XL 's construction in a Republican radio address . The pipeline "  is primed to give our economy a shot in the arm and make energy more affordable -- and it wo n't cost the taxpayers a dime , " he argued . Terry spoke a day after an apparent pipeline rupture in the Arkansas town of Mayflower in late March , about 20 miles north of Little Rock . Black torrents of diluted bitumen flowed through the community , forcing the evacuation of 22 homes .	The president has faced high political pressure on the Keystone XL pipeline Now the public joins in on both sides , with 1.2 million comments so far Proponents include Republicans whom Obama seeks compromise with Opponents include many who helped elect him president
CNN  -- In China , the "  little emperors " may have no clothes , at least when it comes to economic risk-taking and being conscientious workers . That 's the finding of a new study that looks at the effects of China 's one-child policy on the current generation of young adults in the world 's second-largest economy . China enacted strict rules mandating that families in urban areas be limited to just one child in 1979 in an effort to curb a rapidly rising population . Since then China 's economy has taken off , while its population growth has slowed , and wages and living standards have soared . But China 's young people may be in search of security and office jobs now and less likely to become a new generation of stockbrokers , business-starters or high risk managers . In a paper published in the latest issue of Science , a team of researchers from Australia studied a group of 421 individuals born both right before and right after the implementation of China 's one-child policy . They tested them with a series of games involving trading money with each other that measured how trusting they were and how willing they were to go after "  winning " transactions . One of the authors , Professor Lisa Cameron of Monash University , said that the groups of children born after the policy were considerably more risk-averse , less trusting and trustworthy , pessimistic and less competitive than children born before the policy . The study concluded that "  the causal impact of the One Child Policy is to reduce the probability of choosing a risky occupation  defined to include private firm managers , stockbrokers , people who are self-employed or freelancing  by 22.7 percent . " "  These were quite large differences , " Cameron said from Melbourne , Australia . "  It was eye-opening how much more nervous and less trusting they were and implies that these behaviors could have wide-ranging economic and social implications . " The study found that 27 % of the children born before 1979 were from single-child families , while 82 % of the individuals born by 1983 studied were only children . The subjects were all from Beijing and were better educated than the average citizen , but the authors believe that the results should be similar in other Chinese cities and populations . And rather than getting better , the study found that as a new generation of children of only children grows up , the effects they found are likely to "  magnify " as fewer Chinese grow up with extended families . The authors said that much of the outcome of the study could be explained by the effects of the one-child policy on family values in China . Many opinion pieces in Chinese media criticize what is seen as a selfish wave of young people who have always gotten whatever they want from doting parents , causing them to be nicknamed "  the little emperors . "	Children born under China 's one-child policy less likely to take economic risk , study finds Only children are often criticized in media , earning the nickname "  little emperors " China 's one-child policy began in 1979 in urban areas to curb population growth
LifeWire  -- After his father was diagnosed with dementia in 1996 , Anthony Lazzara Jr. faced a difficult decision : He and his wife , Gail , either could place his father , Anthony Lazzara Sr. , in a facility , or they could care for him themselves . Anthony Lazzara Jr.  right  and his wife , Gail  left  , cared for Anthony Lazzara Sr. at home for eight years . Unable to afford a care facility , the Lazzaras brought him home . So began eight long years of caring for the World War II veteran and onetime truck driver as he slowly declined -- a burden borne largely by Gail , 56 . She fed him , bathed him and changed his diapers on a daily basis while her husband , a truck driver , was on the road . Slowly , she says , her marriage began to crumble . "  I could n't take my frustration out on my father-in-law , " she says . Instead , she took it out on her husband . "  We almost ended up divorcing over the whole deal , " says Anthony Jr. , 56 . Gail concedes she considered leaving , "  but I could n't walk away from my father-in-law . " Two years ago , the Lazzaras finally threw in the towel . A bed became available at a local Veterans Affairs facility , and the elder Lazzara was admitted . He remained there until April 2008 , when he died at age 95 . A difficult labor of love As the Lazzaras can attest , the stress of caring for an elderly parent can overwhelm a relationship . Chauffeuring loved ones to appointments , handling their shopping , assuming their financial burden , even just living under the same roof can test even the most committed couples . In 2004 , the National Alliance for Caregiving and AARP reported that over 44 million Americans care for an adult family member or friend . Almost 80 percent of these are caring for someone older than 50 . Although caring for a parent in their twilight years can be rewarding , it can also be a trial , says Beth Witrogen , the Pulitzer Prize-nominated author of "  Caregiving : The Spiritual Journey of Love , Loss and Renewal . " "  Caregiving brings out the best and worst in us all , " she says . Al Levi , 39 , a Brooklyn , New York , occupational therapist , has experienced that kind of strain in his marriage . Levi says he has been at odds with his wife since his father was diagnosed with Alzheimer 's two years ago . "  I felt like my wife was n't taking this seriously enough , and that if it would have been her parents , it would have been more important , " he says . For a while , the Levis cared for Al 's father at home , but eventually it got to be more than they could handle . Levi placed his father in a nursing home this past summer . But he says the ordeal has continued to strain his marriage . "  It 's complicated , " he says . ` Your best is good enough ' Often , couples will harbor unreasonable expectations of what they can or should do -- together or individually -- to care for an aging parent . "  You have to accept that your best is good enough , " Witrogen says . "  It may not be pretty , but you will get the job done . " It 's also crucial that couples communicate clearly and effectively , Witrogen says . Too often , one partner will fixate on solving the problem while neglecting to listen to the other 's needs . In the Lazzaras ' case , Anthony Jr. says he would search for care facilities for his father from time to time , but Gail was still left to shoulder most of the daily duties of care -- something her husband still feels guilty about . With their three children grown , "  it was her time to have and here she was taking care of my dad , " Anthony Jr. laments . It was n't until the Lazzaras finally found room for Anthony Sr. at the VA facility that they finally found some relief . "  We knew there was a light at the end of the tunnel , " Anthony Jr. says . Balancing your needs Although finding a balance between caring for an aging parent and maintaining a healthy marriage can be tremendously challenging , it can be done , experts say . Part of that solution is ensuring the aging parent gets proper care , says Leah Siskin , senior psychologist at Zucker Hillside Hospital in Glen Oaks , New York . "  When the psychological needs of the care recipient are addressed , this can no doubt have a positive effect on the marital relationship of the caregivers , " she says . It 's also important that couples care for one another . Giuseppe Manca , a 58-year-old holistic healer in Manhattan , grew frustrated that he could n't take a vacation with his wife for fear of leaving his live-in mother-in-law alone , even though she was in good health . So the couple decided to take weekend trips , making sure neighbors and loved ones were on standby in case of an emergency . The Lazzaras did n't have the luxury of traveling while Anthony Sr. was still alive . Although they say their marriage has stabilized since his passing -- Gail has been able to devote more time to her job coordinating a local volleyball league -- they admit that it could have crumbled . "  We nearly crashed and burned , " Anthony Jr. says . How to cope Author Witrogen offers the following tips for coping when a couple 's "  for better or worse " turns to the latter in caring for an elderly parent : • Talk it out . Bring in a third party such as an attorney to provide objective perspective . Those short on money can invite clergy or a neighbor . • Make time for yourself -- and each other . It takes willingness , intention and time management , Witrogen says . "  Get out your day planners and schedule the time in . I suggest that couples schedule ` play dates , ' even if for an hour . " • Do n't neglect your health . Sleeping enough , eating right and exercising displaces stress from your partner . • Set caregiving goals . "  Write down objectively what needs to be done , " Witrogen says . Divide the duties equitably . LifeWire provides original and syndicated content to Web publishers . Ron Dicker , a Brooklyn-based journalist , frequently writes about relationship topics . He previously covered sports for the New York Times .	The stress of caring for an elderly parent can overwhelm a relationship Couples may have unreasonable expectations of what they can or should do More than 44 million Americans care for an adult family member or friend Almost 80 percent of these are caring for someone older than 50
CNN  -- Tiger Woods ' former coach Butch Harmon has revealed his fears for the former world No. 1 's future , after injury forced the American out of the opening round of the Players Championship at Sawgrass on Thursday . Harmon believes a huge question mark now looms over Woods ' career after the 14-time major winner forfeited his round after playing just nine holes in a six-over-par total of 42 , which included a triple-bogey at the par-four fourth . "  I think his whole future is up in the air , " Harmon told reporters . "  Does it mean he needs more surgery ? If he does who knows what is going to happen . " Speaking to reporters after pulling out , Woods added : "  I felt good this morning and fine during warm-up and then as I played , it got progressively worse . The knee acted up then the Achilles followed after that , then the calf started cramping up . " The 35-year-old 's career has been marred by four knee operations and the Players Championship was his first tournament since injuring his knee and Achilles heel during a difficult stroke on the 14th in the third round of The Masters in April . Woods was then forced to withdraw from the Wells Fargo Championship earlier in May and his latest injury has compounded worries for his career , which has not seen a victory in 18 months and a major title win in three years . Woods ' withdrawal mirrors his showing at last year 's Players Championship , where a neck injury brought an end to his bid on the seventh hole in the final round . He now has just over a month to get fit enough for the U.S. Open , but medical experts are doubtful that he will be able to recuperate in time for the required practice rounds ahead of the championship tournament at Bethesda on June 16-19 . Meanwhile , England 's Chris Wood mastered tricky conditions to open up a three-shot lead at the halfway stage of the Iberdrola Open in Majorca on Friday . The 23-year-old carded a five-under-par 65 to move to eight-under-par after 36 holes -- ahead of compatriot Matthew Nixon and Northern Irishman Darren Clarke , who both hit level 70s . Wood is eyeing his maiden European Tour victory after losing a playoff to British Open champion Louis Oosthuizen at the Africa Open in East London in January . Overnight leader Gregory Bourdy of France , who set a course record 63 on Thursday , slumped to a seven-over-par 77 to leave him on level par 140 .	Coach Butch Harmon reveals fears for injured Tiger Woods , who pulls out at Sawgrass Woods forfeited Players Championship after a leg injury in the opening round Woods , who has had four knee operations , has not achieved a victory in 18 months Doctors are doubtful Woods will be fit enough to prepare for the U.S. Open in June
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A U.S. government panel listed 13 countries Friday as "  egregious " violators of religious freedom . Homeless Pakistani Christians protest last month in Islamabad for protection of Christian minorities . The U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom 's annual report named Myanmar , North Korea , Eritrea , Iran , Iraq , Nigeria , Pakistan , China , Saudi Arabia , Sudan , Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan , and Vietnam . It recommended that the Obama administration designate them as "  countries of particular concern " or CPC . The group has issued a watch list that includes Afghanistan , Belarus , Cuba , Egypt , Indonesia , Laos , Russia , Somalia , Tajikistan , Turkey , and Venezuela , countries that do n't rise to the level of a CPC but need to be monitored . "  Unfolding events in Pakistan make clear the relevance of this theme to the 2009 Annual Report . At the time of writing , emboldened Taliban-associated extremists had advanced to within 60 miles of the Pakistani capital of Islamabad , " the report said . "  In the areas they already control , these groups are imposing draconian restrictions on human rights and religious freedom and engaging in brutal acts against individuals , particularly women and local police , who refused to accede to their repressive policies . " The federal commission is bipartisan , and its commissioners are appointed by the president and members of Congress . A CPC designation gives Secretary of State Hillary Clinton "  a range of specific policy options to address serious violations of religious freedom . " It requires the secretary "  to enter into direct consultations with a government to find ways to bring about improvements in the respect for religious freedom . " The report covers the period May 2008 through April . The commission was created by the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 . "  While sanctions are a possible policy option , the secretary may decide to develop a binding agreement with the CPC government on specific actions that it will take to end the violations that gave rise to the designation or take a commensurate action , " the commission said . "  The secretary may determine that pre-existing sanctions are adequate or waive the requirement of taking action in furtherance of the Act . "	U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom names 13 nations Panel recommends administration designate 13 as "  countries of particular concern " Designation gives secretary of state policy options to address serious violations
Beijing  CNN  -- The Chinese newspaper at the center of a censorship storm hit newsstands in the capital Thursday for the first time since journalists went on strike in protest against apparent editorial interference from the government . However , the Southern Weekly was not widely available in southern Guangdong province , where it is published . The controversy surfaced last week when a group of former Southern Weekly journalists said , in an open letter , that a local propaganda chief had dramatically altered the paper 's traditional New Year message , which had called for certain reforms and greater respect for constitutional rights . While newspapers in China are often subject to censorship , the journalists wrote in the letter that the changes , which included praise for the Communist Party , were excessive and took place after editors had signed off on the final proofs . Victor Li , a Chinese writer living in Beijing , told CNN China 's new leadership would have taken a dim view of these calls by a newspaper known for pushing the boundaries . "  For these new bosses , what they do not need from Southern Weekly is that kind of advice ! Just think about it , they have been waiting for this moment for a very long time and finally they are in charge . "  They believe they know what they should do and when to do it as well as how to do it . They do not want to be told what to do by a local newspaper ! " But soon enough , editors , reporters and their supporters protested on the Internet , on social media and in front of the office complex of the embattled media group . Protesters carried posters calling for press freedom . Some came with flowers to "  mourn the death of press freedom , " while others wore facemasks to symbolize the gagging of the media . Even celebrities voiced their support via their micro-blogging accounts . Han Han , one of the most influential contemporary writers and bloggers in China , recently wrote on his blog post : "  The Southern Weekly has informed me a lot as a reader . It gives power to the weak and hope to the hopeless . So , in its moment of weakness and desperation , I hope we can all lend them some strength , even if just a little , and help it carry on . " Chinese actor Chen Kun tweeted : "  I am not that deep and do n't play with words , I support the friends at Southern Weekly . " Others used more subtle language . "  Hoping for a spring in this harsh winter , " posted Li Bingbing , an actress with some 19 million followers on Weibo , China 's Twitter-like service . Another actress Yao Chen , who has more than 31 million followers , used a quote from Russian dissident Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn : "  One word of truth outweighs the whole world . " The street protests , although small in scale , posed a challenge to the Chinese leaders . Twenty or so years ago , the public would not have known of the controversy if the authorities had wished to cover it up . They could simply have arrested protesters as trouble makers and shut down the newspapers . Even if it were publicly known , it would have been difficult for the embattled journalists to secure public support . But with an estimated 400 million Internet users and some 200 million micro-bloggers , this protest gained traction . Some media reports suggest the authorities may have reached a compromise with the protesters -- an editor may be replaced , the Guangdong propaganda chief has been absolved of responsibility , the protesters will not be harassed , and the paper will not be shut down . Though this has still to be confirmed . Yet the fact an earlier commentary from the People 's Daily , the communist party 's official mouthpiece , was republished in Thursday 's edition may support these reports . Tucked in a small corner of the paper , it says "  it 's fundamental that the party regulates the press but its method of regulation needs to be advanced and must keep pace with the times . "	Southern Weekly was not widely available in Guangzhou where it is published The newspaper 's journalists accused officials of heavy-handed censorship Protesters gathered outside the paper 's offices this week demanding more press freedom Thursday edition reprinted People 's Daily editorial that regulation must follow times
CNN  -- The terrorist attacks on America on September 11 , 2001 , gave his administration a clear goal and him the resolve to find out who was responsible and "  kick their ass , " former President George W. Bush writes in his new book . In "  Decision Points , " Bush describes his reaction when his then-National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice informed him of the crash of a third airplane into the Pentagon . "  I sat back in my seat and absorbed her words . My thoughts clarified : The first plane could have been an accident . The second was definitely an attack . The third was a declaration of war , " the former president writes in his 481-page book , which goes on sale Tuesday . "  My blood was boiling . We were going to find out who did this , and kick their ass , " Bush writes . "  In a single morning , the purpose of my presidency had grown clear : to protect our people and defend our freedom that had come under attack . " CNN on Friday obtained a copy of the book , being released by Crown Publishers . In the book , Bush also recounts the government response to Hurricane Katrina in 2005 . He calls the response "  not only flawed " but "  unacceptable , " and describes his own failures in this way : "  As the leader of the federal government , I should have recognized the deficiencies sooner and intervened faster . I prided myself on my ability to make crisp and effective decisions . Yet in the days after Katrina , that did n't happen . The problem was not that I made the wrong decisions . It was that I took too long to decide . " Bush writes he also failed to "  adequately communicate my concern for the victims of Katrina " -- a problem he calls one of "  perception , not reality . " "  Yet many of our citizens , particularly in the African-American community , came away convinced their president did n't care about them . " The former president recently told NBC 's Matt Laurer that the "  worst moment " of his administration was when rapper Kanye West declared during a Katrina celebrity telethon that "  George Bush does n't care about black people . " West this week expressed a sympathetic view of Bush 's reaction to the comment . Bush writes the Katrina had a lasting legacy on his second term . "  Just as Katrina was more than a hurricane , its impact was more than physical destruction . It eroded citizens ' trust in their government . It exacerbated divisions in our society and politics . And it cast a cloud over my second term . " In "  Decision Points , " Bush also details how he came to utter those infamous words "  Brownie , you 're doing a heck of a job " about Michael Brown , the FEMA chief who was leading the government 's response to Katrina in the days immediately following the storm . Bush writes that he was in Mobile , Alabama , meeting with the Alabama and Mississippi governors and asked them if they were getting adequate federal support . " ` That Mike Brown is doing a heck of a job , ' Bob said , " referring to Alabama governor Bob Riley . "  I knew Mike was under pressure and I wanted to boost his morale , " Bush writes , so he repeated Riley 's words a few minutes later when he spoke to the press . "  I never imagined those words of encouragement would become an infamous entry in the political lexicon . As complaints about Mike Brown 's performance mounted , especially in New Orleans , critics turned my words of encouragement into a club to bludgeon me . " The former FEMA head , who resigned two weeks after the compliment , told CNN in August that he winced when Bush uttered the line . "  I knew the minute he said that , the media and everybody else would see a disconnect between what he was saying and what I was witnessing on the ground , " Brown said . "  That 's the president 's style . His attitude and demeanor is always one of being a cheerleader and trying to encourage people to keep moving . It was just the wrong time and the wrong place . " Bush in recent years has talked about his past problems with alcohol abuse and his 1986 decision to give up drinking completely . Just days before the 2000 presidential election , news broke that Bush had been arrested for driving under the influence in Maine in 1976 . In his memoir , Bush writes , "  Not disclosing the DUI on my terms may have been the single costliest political mistake I ever made . " He says he had decided against doing so because he did n't want to undermine his admonitions to his daughters about drinking and driving . After the news came out -- so close to election day , Bush writes , he went to bed that night on the campaign trail thinking , "  I may have just cost myself the presidency . "	His blood was boiling after the 9/11 attacks , former president writes Bush said response to Hurricane Katrina clouded his second term He feared news of 1976 DUI arrest would cost him the 2000 election
NEW YORK  CNN  -- New York City 's rate of HIV infection is about three times the national rate , according to estimates released Wednesday by the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene . Rapid HIV test swabs incubate at the Iris House in New York in 2007 . The agency estimates that 72 of every 100,000 New Yorkers -- a total of 4,800 individuals -- contracted HIV in 2006 , more than triple the national rate of 23 per 100,000 . The findings are based on new lab technology and a newly derived statistical model developed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The lab technology enables health officials to determine whether HIV-positive individuals contracted the virus within the past five months , and the statistical model allows researchers to then make projections about a population 's infection rate . HIV , or the human immunodeficiency virus , is the virus that causes AIDS . The Health Department points to the city 's demographics . "  The populations that bear the greatest burden nationally -- blacks , for example , and men who have sex with men -- are highly represented in New York City , " Health Commissioner Thomas Freidan said in a written statement . "  Because HIV is more prevalent within those groups , the risk of HIV infection per sexual contact is higher . " In June , the city launched a three-year initiative to administer HIV tests to the 250,000 Bronx adults who have never been tested . The program was announced just days after release of a study finding a high rate of "  unsafe sexual behavior " in the city . Freidan said the study showed that 36 percent of gay and bisexual New York men who had five or more partners in the previous year did not use condoms consistently . "  This is a core group which is at high risk for getting and spreading HIV , " Freidan said . In July , a study of 452 men interviewed anonymously at gay bars and clubs found 39 percent of those having sex with other men had not revealed their sexual orientation to their doctors , significantly diminishing their likelihood of being tested for HIV .	Agency estimates 72 of every 100,000 New Yorkers contracted HIV in 2006 Expert : Demographics of the city contribute to the high rate of HIV infection The city launched a three-year initiative to give HIV tests to untested Bronx adults
CNN  -- As Britain continues to celebrate Andy Murray 's Wimbledon title , things are n't going quite as well for Roger Federer . Federer , who owns a men 's record 17 grand slam titles , slumped to his lowest world ranking in 10 years when the new standings were released Monday . The Swiss dropped from third to fifth in the aftermath of his upset loss in the second round to Sergiy Stakhovsky at Wimbledon , matching the ranking he last held in June 2003 when he was n't yet a grand slam winner . Federer , a month away from his 32nd birthday , responded to the defeat by entering a pair of smaller clay court tournaments in Europe in a bid to reverse fortunes . He is sixth in the calendar-year points standings , with the top eight earning a berth at the year-end championships in London . Federer will play at next week 's German Tennis Championships in Hamburg before contesting the Swiss Open in Gstaad the following week . "  I 'm really looking forward to playing in front of my home fans in Gstaad this summer , " Federer told his website this month . "  I have got a lot of great memories of the tournament in the mountains of Switzerland . " Federer last played in Gstaad in 2004 , winning the event for the only time . He lost his first four matches there before reaching the final in 2003 a week after his maiden grand slam triumph at Wimbledon . While Federer frets over his drop in the rankings , man of the moment Murray is very much on the up . He has spectacularly recovered -- with the help of coach Ivan Lendl -- from losing his first four grand slam finals and in the 2011 semifinals at Wimbledon to Rafael Nadal when he was firmly in control . He has now captured two of the last three grand slam tournaments he has competed in and replaced Federer as the world 's best grass court player , having also claimed Olympic gold at Wimbledon in 2012 and a Wimbledon warm-up in London last month . "  Under pressure right now Andy has two majors and a gold medal , " his coach Ivan Lendl told British newspaper the Telegraph as he reflected on Murray 's Wimbledon victory over Novak Djokovic on Sunday . "  Novak is a great player , do n't get me wrong . He has had a phenomenal last 12 months , basically since the start of 2011 , so the rankings look at all of that . " -LSB- But -RSB- if somebody has two majors and an Olympic gold medal , and everybody else has only one major ... " Lendl added , before tailing off . "  Everybody can make their own opinion on that . " When the Scot downed world No. 1 Djokovic in straight sets in Sunday 's final , it ended a 77-year wait for a British men 's singles champion at tennis ' most prestigious tournament . Murray said Monday that he only had one-hour of sleep after his victory -- and that he did n't want to go to sleep at all because he thought when he woke up it would all be a dream . The Queen was one of those to congratulate Murray and he is being tipped to receive knighthood . The Scot 's last loss on grass was to Federer in the 2012 Wimbledon final . "  I did n't always think it was going to happen , " said Murray of his Wimbledon conquest . "  I did n't doubt myself so much after last year 's final . "  It was the best I 'd recovered from a grand slam loss . Maybe a couple of years ago when I lost in the semis to Rafa when I was up a set , maybe a break as well or had break points , and did n't get that , that was a tough , tough one for me . " And Murray said he does n't expect his motivation to dip after his historic fortnight at Wimbledon . "  I hope I do n't lose hunger -- I think I should be able to use this as motivation , " said the Scot . "  I know what it 's like losing in a Wimbledon final , and I know what it 's like winning one . And it 's a lot better winning . "  I just need to make sure I do n't get side-tracked by anything . "	After losing in the second round at Wimbledon , Roger Federer drops to fifth in the rankings The 17-time grand slam champion has n't been that low since June 2003 Federer , unusually for him , is set to play in two clay-court tournaments this month Federer 's slide comes as Britain basks in Andy Murray 's Wimbledon title success
CNN  -- The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency on Thursday revoked a permit for one of the nation 's largest mountaintop removal mining projects , saying it would destroy water , wildlife and Appalachian communities in West Virginia . The controversial decision was condemned by the permit holder , Arch Coal Inc. , and mining representatives , who said it would hurt industry investment and the economic recovery . But adversaries praised the ruling as "  a major victory " for environmentalists opposed to surface -- or mountaintop-removal -- mining , which uses explosives on hilltops to expose underlying coal . The EPA invoked the Clean Water Act in killing a permit issued by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for the Spruce No. 1 Mine project , proposed for a more than 2,200-acre area in Logan County , West Virginia . The agency has used that authority only 12 times since 1972 . Coal industry representatives suggested politics was behind the ruling . Regulators under Republican President George W. Bush , viewed as friendly to the coal industry , approved the permit , but agencies under Democratic President Barack Obama 's administration moved to veto it , prompting lawsuits . One industry leader called the ruling "  unprecedented . " The Sierra Club called it a "  historic step " in dealing with "  this mother of all mountaintop removal coal mines . " A West Virginia mining historian , who opposes another hilltop mining project at a state historic site , said the decision could merely force the industry to deploy the more costly method of traditional shaft mining , instead of the cheaper mountaintop-removal technique . Despite industry objections , the EPA insisted "  coal and coal mining are part of our nation 's energy future , " one official said in a statement Thursday . St. Louis-based Arch Coal described the ruling as "  chilling " to the industry and contended that the project would have infused the local economy with $ 250 million and 250 "  well-paying " jobs . "  We believe this decision will have a chilling effect on future U.S. investment because every business possessing or requiring a permit under Section 404 of the Clean Water Act will fear similar overreaching by the EPA , " Arch Coal spokeswoman Kim Link said in a statement . "  It 's a risk many businesses can not afford to take . "  We remain shocked and dismayed at EPA 's continued onslaught with respect to this validly issued permit . " Arch will "  vigorously " defend the permit , now in court , and assert its right to have a predictable regulatory environment , Link said . In response , the EPA said that 100,000 projects are approved by the corps every year , translating to millions of permits during the 39 years of the Clean Water Act . The EPA has only twice revoked a permit under the section cited by the coal firm and added in its statement that the large scale and nature of the Arch permit are issues "  unlikely to be repeated for other permitted Appalachian surface coal mining projects . " "  Despite EPA 's willingness to consider alternatives , the company did not offer any new proposed mining configurations in response to EPA 's concerns based on science and the law , " the agency statement said . "  We do n't think people in West Virginia have to make the false choice between healthy waters and a healthy economy . They can have both . " The plaintiff who began the fight to stop the mine , 70-year-old Jimmy Weekley , told CNN on Thursday that he was elated at the decision . Weekley sued the government in 1998 for issuing the permit , saying Pigeonroost Hollow , where he lives , would be obliterated by the mine . "  They did the right thing , the EPA did . Thank God for that , " Weekley told CNN , whose news crew was interviewing him when he received word of the ruling . Weekley became tearful . "  This is another victory . They were fixing to destroy this , " he said , referring to his property in Blair , West Virginia . "  I hope it 's considered that all mountaintop removal permits will now stop , " he said . That hope is what triggers fear among industry leaders and the coal-mining families of West Virginia . "  It 's absolutely mind-boggling to grasp , " said Linda Dials , 51 , of Clothier , West Virginia . Her husband , James Dials , 48 , is a surface miner , and his job is now in jeopardy , she said . The Dials are three-generation mining family . James Dials ' father and grandfather were traditional underground miners , and Linda Dials ' grandfather was a similar miner , she said . Her family lives seven miles from the Spruce No. 1 Mine project , she said . "  This is just one permit . What 's going to stop them from taking back the rest of them , " Linda Dials told CNN . "  Right now , the thought that goes through your head is what job in coal mining is safe at this point , as far as your permits and stuff go . If they can take one , they can take them all . " Bill Raney , president of the West Virginia Coal Association , said he found the decision "  absolutely awful news from an American standpoint and a mining standpoint . " "  This is an example of arrogance on the part of the federal government , " Raney said . "  This permit was issued with all agencies agreeing on it four years ago , including the EPA . Then today they come in and say we 're not going to have that permit . It 's not right . It 's like revoking a driver 's license after it 's issued . " Karen Harbert , president and CEO of the Institute for 21st Century Energy at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , said the EPA decision "  sends a very unsettling message to American businesses . " "  EPA 's unprecedented action to retroactively deny a permit changes the rules not just in the middle of the game , but at the end of it , " Harbert said in a statement . "  This is exactly the kind of practice that will keep capital on the sidelines and slow our economic recovery . The negative impact of this decision will be felt not only by West Virginians and the energy industry but across all sectors of our economy . " C. Belmont Keeney , a history instructor at Southern West Virginia Community and Technical College in Logan , said the decision was "  a major victory for environmentalists , " but "  it 's not going to end coal mining , " as some might suggest . Hilltop mining is cheaper because it employs fewer miners , and the EPA decision may force the industry to deploy traditional underground methods , which are more labor-intensive , Keeney said . "  It 's going to affect profits because mountaintop removal is the cheapest way to get coal , " Keeney told CNN . A historian of West Virginia coal mining , he 's a member of Friends of Blair Mountain , which opposes any surface mining at the site of 15,000-miner revolt in 1921 that included his great-grandfather , who was charged with treason , which was later dropped . "  It 's very difficult to prophesize what will happen , " Keeney said . "  It depends on how the coal companies will react . Will they be more conciliatory and willing to work with environmental groups or are they going to entrench themselves and draw battle lines ? " In its decision , the EPA acted under the law and used "  the best science " in determining that the mine "  would use destructive and unsustainable mining practices that jeopardize the health of Appalachian communities and clean water on which they depend , " EPA Assistant Administrator for Water Peter S. Silva said in a statement . "  Coal and coal mining are part of our nation 's energy future , and EPA has worked with companies to design mining operations that adequately protect our nation 's waters , " Silva said . "  We have a responsibility under the law to protect water quality and safeguard the people who rely on clean water . " The EPA said it believes that mining companies can design their operations to make them more sustainable and compliant with the law . The agency cited as an example a mining company it worked closely with last year to eliminate nearly 50 percent of its water impacts and reduce contamination while increasing coal production . In vetoing the permit , the agency said the mine would have created 110 million cubic yards of waste from blasting more than 2,200 acres of mountains and forests . The waste would have buried more than six miles of high-quality streams in Logan County , killing fish , small invertebrates , salamanders and other wildlife , the agency said . The mining operation would have tainted downstream waters with toxic levels of selenium , which turn fresh water into salty water , the EPA said . The agency also said the mining plan "  inadequately mitigated " environmental impacts by attempting to use storm water ditches as compensation for natural stream losses , the agency said . CNN 's Robert Howell and Dave Timko contributed to this report .	An angry industry leader calls the decision "  unprecedented " Environmentalists call it a "  historic step " The EPA says the project would have created 110 million cubic yards of waste A "  shocked " coal mining company says the ruling will have a "  chilling effect "
