Cairo  CNN  -- Demonstrators angry that ousted strongman Hosni Mubarak 's former premier will face off against a representative of the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt 's presidential runoff have called for more protests Tuesday . On Monday , several thousand protesters in Tahrir Square called on Egyptian courts to disqualify former Prime Minister Ahmed Shafik , chanting , "  Where is the revolution ? " Others ransacked Shafik 's campaign headquarters and set it ablaze after learning that he was one of the two candidates who made it through the first round of voting . The June 16-17 runoff will pit Shafik against Muslim Brotherhood candidate Mohamed Morsi . Morsi received 5.7 million votes , followed by Shafik 's 5.5 million , according to Egypt 's election commission . Shafik campaign spokesman Ahmed Serhan said the fire was soon contained and no one was injured . Serhan said that while the anti-Shafik protesters numbered in the dozens , "  supporters in the hundreds are outside the building supporting him . " In Tahrir Square , the epicenter of the 2011 revolt , the crowd carried Khaled Ali -- a presidential candidate who failed to make the runoff -- on their shoulders while demanding an end to the military government that followed Mubarak . Anti-Shafik protests were also reported in Alexandria and other cities , and revolutionary leaders said they would hold more on Tuesday outside Egypt 's High Court of Justice . Voters ' dilemma : Choice between two tyrants ? In all , 23 million of Egypt 's 50 million eligible voters , or 46 % , cast ballots in the first round of the election . Thirteen candidates appeared on the first-round ballot , though two withdrew from the race after ballots were printed . The winner of the landmark vote will become Egypt 's first freely elected president . Neither of the frontrunners had been favored by the revolutionaries responsible for toppling Mubarak . Morsi is an American-educated engineer who has promised to stand for democracy , women 's rights and peaceful relations with Israel if he emerges as the victor . Still , he 's an Islamist figure who has argued for barring women from the Egyptian presidency and called Israeli leaders "  vampires " and "  killers . " Though the Brotherhood played little role in the revolution , its well-honed political machine succeeded in getting its supporters to the polls . Meanwhile , many of those who faced down the Mubarak regime at Tahrir Square did not follow up with the political organizing that would have been needed to gain electoral victory . Shafik , a former air force officer with close ties to Egypt 's powerful military , has attempted to distance himself from Egypt 's deposed leader . He told reporters last week that there 's "  no going back " to the Mubarak years . Still , he appealed to those who may have had second thoughts about the magnitude of the change that has swept across the country . The uncertainty has had an impact : Last week , the Cairo stock market plunged by 3 % in a single day . Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter , who led a delegation observing the voting , told reporters last week in Cairo that he could n't say "  the entire process has been proper " because of restraints on observers . But the group found the election period to be peaceful , with citizens accepting the voting process as "  quite successful . " "  There were many violations , and I think each violation is serious . But I think collectively they did not affect the basic integrity of the election , " he said . Carter said there were no apparent patterns in election procedures that "  favored a particular candidate . " Mubarak led the North African nation for 30 years before being forced out last year amid a popular outcry that marked one of the seminal developments of the Arab Spring . Distrust and anger in Egypt , particularly against the military 's power in governmental affairs , have inspired continued protests , some of which have been marked by deadly clashes . Many protesters are upset about what they see as the slow pace of reform since Mubarak 's ouster . Some are also concerned that the country 's military leadership is delaying the transition to civilian rule . The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces has insisted that it will hand over power to an elected civilian government . In January , two Islamist parties -- the Freedom and Justice Party with 235 seats and the conservative Al Nour party with 121 seats -- won about 70 % of the seats in the lower house of parliament in the first elections for an elected governing body in the post-Mubarak era . The rest of the assembly 's 498 seats were divided among other parties . CNN 's Ben Wedeman and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	Ex-Mubarak premier Shafik 's headquarters is set ablaze Where is the revolution ? " protesters chant in Tahrir Square Shafik will face Muslim Brotherhood candidate Morsi in June 16-17 runoff The winner will be Egypt 's first freely elected president
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Just because they named their new CD "  Yes , " does not mean that British electro-pop duo , the Pet Shop Boys , will agree to just about anything . PETA has asked the Pet Shop Boys to change the band 's name to Rescue Shelter Boys . The band has turned down a request from an animal rights group to rename itself the Rescue Shelter Boys . The organization , the People for the Ethical Treatment for Animals  PETA  , sent a letter to Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe acknowledging that its request , at first blush , might appear "  bizarre . " But , by changing its name , the band could raise awareness at every tour stop of the "  cramped , filthy conditions " that breeders keep animals in before selling them to pet stores , PETA said in its letter . Read how the Pet Shop Boys got their name The duo , which has performed under its current name for more than 20 years , reproduced PETA 's written request in full on its Web site . The musicians said they were "  unable to agree " to the request "  but nonetheless think  it  raises an issue worth thinking about . " The animal rights group said it was pleased the Pet Shop Boys had drawn attention to the issue by posting its letter so prominently on the band 's site . Talking about its campaign on a blog entry , a PETA staffer wrote : "  I think I may have to stick "  West End Girls " on my iPod right now to celebrate . " "  West End Girls " is one of the many hits the group has had in its long career . PETA is no stranger to oddball campaigns . A recent one was aimed to re-christen fish as "  sea kittens " because "  who could possibly want to put a hook through a sea kitten ? "	The band has turned down a request from an animal rights group to rename itself PETA conceded its request at first blush , might appear "  bizarre " "  West End Girls " is one of the many hits the group has had in its long career
CNN  -- The International Criminal Court prosecutor handling accusations of crimes against humanity against four prominent Kenyans -- including the country 's newly elected president -- dropped charges Monday against one of the men , citing dead , fearful or tainted witnesses and government stonewalling . Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda said the decision to drop charges against former Cabinet Secretary Francis Kirimi Muthaura in connection with post-election violence in 2007 had nothing to do with last week 's election of Uhuru Kenyatta as Kenya 's next president . "  My decision today is based only on the specific facts of the case against Mr. Muthaura , and not on any other consideration , " Bensouda said in a statement posted to the court 's website . "  While we are all aware of political developments in Kenya , these have no influence , at all , on the decisions that I make as prosecutor of the International Criminal Court . " Instead , Bensouda said investigators had run up against myriad problems pursuing the case , including witnesses who had died and others who were too afraid to testify . The Kenyan government failed to help and prosecutors also had to drop a key witness who recanted some evidence and acknowledged taking bribes , Bensouda said . Last year , ICC judges found probable cause to pursue charges against Muthaura , Kenyatta and two others of being "  indirect co-perpetrators " in the 2007 violence following a disputed presidential election . According to the ICC , Kenyatta , Muthaura and the others directed a wave of mostly ethnic violence in January 2008 . The violence followed the 2007 elections in which the incumbent president was declared the winner despite widespread allegations of vote fraud . As many as 1,220 people died and more than 350,000 people were displaced by the violence , according to the ICC . Prosecutors accused Muthaura of making connections , providing funding and using intermediaries to mobilize attackers . Kenyatta , prosecutors say , provided "  institutional support " for the violence . It 's unclear what impact the decision to drop charges against Muthaura could have on the case against the remaining three defendants . But a source close to the situation at The Hague , Netherlands , said the decision could have a "  snowball effect " that could lead to the dismissal of all the charges . "  There 's more evidence , but not much more , " the source said . "  This case is not a done deal . " ICC officials did not immediately respond Monday to CNN requests to comment on the source 's allegations . Kenyatta , who like the others charged has said he is innocent , has asked the court to reconsider whether the charges are valid , citing a lack of eyewitness evidence , according to court filings . Zain Verjee reported from London , Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Nima Elbagir also contributed to this report .	NEW : Politics is n't behind dropping the charge against the official , the prosecutor says NEW : The prosecutor says some witnesses are dead , scared or tainted Charges remain for Kenya 's newly elected president , Uhuru Kenyatta Kenyatta , who says he 's innocent , wants the court to reconsider the charges
CNN  -- Public transit in San Francisco came to a screeching halt Monday morning as Bay Area Rapid Transit unions went on strike . The strike began at midnight  3 a.m. ET  Monday after union leaders walked out of last-minute pay negotiations with BART , hours before their four-year contract was set to expire . About 400,000 commuters use BART every day in the San Francisco Bay area , BART spokesman Rick Rice said . "  The public does n't deserve to be punished , " Rice said . "  We are sorry they have decided to strike despite the fact we are willing to negotiate . The district is prepared to return to talks and get this finished . " Josie Mooney , spokeswoman for SEIU Local 1021 , also lamented the impact on the community . "  A strike is always the last resort , and we have done everything in our power to avoid it . Unfortunately , BART seems intent on forcing a strike , " Mooney said in a statement . "  We are disappointed that BART 's failure to bargain honestly and fairly means that hundreds of thousands of Bay Area commuters have to suffer . " At odds The dispute centers around pay and benefits . "  They 've asked for  a  21 % pay increase , " Rice said . "  We 've gone from offering 4 % over four years to 8 % over four years . " Rice also said BART also offered to reduce the amount of employee contributions originally requested for pension and medical benefits . But local SEIU union President Roxanne Sanchez said workers are fed up . "  Years of layoffs have affected public safety and services . Crippling cuts have not just made our jobs more difficult , but put undue strain on our livelihoods , our families and our communities , " she said in a statement . "  Believing in good jobs that pay fair wages , offer health care and a secure retirement â $ " these are modest ideals . These are UNION ideals . " In between back flips and splits , naked man assaults BART passengers CNN 's John Branch contributed to this report .	About 400,000 commuters use BART every day BART spokesman : Unions asked for a 21 % pay increase "  We 've gone from offering 4 % over four years to 8 % over four years , " BART says Union president : We 're sick of layoffs and "  crippling cuts "
Colorado Springs , Colorado  CNN  -- The firefighters are on the offensive . Over several hellish days , the Black Forest Fire singed more than 15,000 acres north of Colorado Springs . What 's left behind , in some areas , "  looks like a nuclear bomb went off , " according to El Paso County Sheriff Terry Maketa . Then came some rain , more clouds , less wind and -- very much related to all of that -- marked progress Friday . That continued into Saturday , as defined by a few simple measures : no more structures destroyed , no more area burned and more inroads corralling what 's left . "  Today , we 're optimistic , " said Rich Harvey , the federal incident commander overseeing the fight . Then , as if addressing the fire itself , he added , "  We 're ready for it ... Show yourself , we 'll be there to fight right back . " In the first few days after the first broke out , for still unexplained reasons , crews had zero containment on the Black Forest Fire as it ravaged woods and neighborhoods . County spokesman Dave Rose told CNN it appeared to be the most destructive in the history of Colorado -- a state that 's all too familiar with devastating wildfires . Residents hope for best , brace for worst As of Saturday afternoon , authorities had counted 473 structures totally lost due to the four-day-old blaze , with another 17 partially damaged . Two people had died . The reason for that mix -- why , for the most part , homes were either destroyed or escaped unscathed -- was the speed and intensity of the flames , Maketa explained Saturday . In some areas , there 's no number on the house , no mailbox and next-to-no other signs that someone had lived there , just a few days ago . Gallery : Wildfire photographer Kari Greer goes inside the inferno "  You ca n't even recognize where there was a house or some other kind of structure , " the sheriff said . "  That is the level of incineration and destruction that took place in some areas . " But things changed for the better Friday . In the morning , the blaze was 5 % contained . By evening , it was 30 % . That pivotal number continued to improve through midday Saturday , when Harvey said there was 45 % containment . Video shows firefighters fending off fire from house 's deck Not just that , but authorities are noticing fewer hotspots and fewer flare-ups than they have in days . All of it is positive news , even as Harvey warns that there 's still material sitting on the ground , waiting to be burned , if conditions suddenly change or firefighters let down their guard . The prospect of progress is all the more appreciated , given the other wildfires still burning in Colorado . The Royal Gorge Fire , southwest of Colorado Springs , was 40 % contained after a week in which it scorched more than 3,200 acres -- including a beloved carousel and at least 20 buildings , according to Gov. John Hickenlooper . "  It 's burned to a cinder , " he said Friday of the area . The governor has declared a disaster emergency in Rocky Mountain National Park , northwest of Denver , due to the Big Meadows Fire that 's burned hundreds of acres there . The latest flare-up is the Ward Gulch Fire in the western part of the state . No structures are reported destroyed yet in that blaze , but gusty winds , low humidity and warm temperatures have firefighters on edge . While all those fires pose dangers in their own ways , the Black Forest Fire is still by far the biggest and the most dangerous -- which is why thousands in that area remain evacuated , because their homes remain in areas where it is too perilous to return . "  It 's been a pretty good emotional roller coaster , " said Chris Schroeder , one of those who live in the Black Forest Fire evacuation zone and now has little to do except hope and wait . Woman records wildfire evacuation Getting him and others off of that wild ride , by saving their homes , remains the primary mission of those on the front lines of the blaze . More than 1,000 personnel -- more than at any point this week -- were part of the firefighting effort Saturday . They included boots on the ground , as well as helicopters and tankers overhead . Said Maketa : "  We 're hoping to gain inches each day to get people 's lives back to normal , where it can be returned to normal . " Study warns of continued wildfires in western U.S. CNN 's George Howell reported from Colorado Springs , and Greg Botelho wrote in Atlanta .	NEW : At least three other significant wildfires are burning around Colorado Firefighters are "  optimistic " after making inroads battling Black Forest Fire in central Colorado An official estimates 45 % containment , up from 5 % the previous morning 473 structures have been destroyed , 17 partially damaged and two people have died
"  Frequency modulation , " exclaims South African radio shock jock Gareth Cliff in an online video posted earlier this year . "  Which f *** ing Hitler used in World War II for propaganda ! " Cliff -- who is famous for his outrageousness on the airwaves and is sometimes compared to American radio personality Howard Stern -- tries hard to stifle a grin that betrays a mischievous mixture of exasperation and comedic bombast . "  Is this a medium we should be proud to use ? " The audience laughs -- but the bonhomie belies a serious point . How has radio progressed so little over the last 70 years ? Sure , there may now be digital radio and more interaction between programs and their listeners today , Cliff explains . But much of the original formula where a presenter broadcasts to a passive listener interspersed by advertisements remains . It was this stasis that eventually pushed Cliff to earlier this year quit his popular morning show at national station 5FM and take a leap into the unknown . Radio Revolution He has since founded Cliff Central , a web-only "  un-radio " venture that aims to merge online broadcasting with social media and instant messaging platforms . The idea is to engage directly with listeners  and attract advertisers  and the early benefits are many , Cliff says . No longer is he constrained by regulatory guidelines -- meaning he can drop the F-bomb live on air without a rap on the knuckles -- nor does he have to pay for a broadcast license . But the real advantage , he explains , is interacting with listeners in a new and exciting environment . "  Mobile is definitely where the action is , " Cliff says . "  We have phones with us wherever we go . " This is increasingly the case in Africa . Market intelligence firm , the International Data Corporation , expects the smartphone market on the continent to double in volume over the next three years and account for close to a third of all handset shipments by 2017 . South Africa will remain the largest smartphone market in Africa in the near-term with more than a million units being shipped there each month , the IDC said last year . "  Anybody who is n't adaptable to the possibilities that mobile represents is going to miss out on a huge business opportunity , " according to Cliff . The rise of mobile Like most modern media outlets , Cliff Central has embraced the likes of Facebook and Twitter  a task made easier by the fact Cliff has close to a million Twitter followers  , integrating them into its service early on . All shows are also available via live streaming , podcast and for online download after the event . The most intriguing development , however , is what Cliff Central is doing on the hugely popular mobile communication app , WeChat . Thanks to an initial partnership with the Chinese firm -- who have been looking at ways of publicizing their services in Africa -- users have been able to listen to Cliff Central shows through the app , as well as being able to directly contact presenters and debate the content of shows with friends and fellow WeChat users . The concept is similar to the way that people may watch something on TV and then use Twitter to discuss what 's going on via hashtags . The major difference with Cliff Central 's WeChat platform is that broadcast and discussion all happen within one app . "  We 've got 120,000 WeChat official account subscribers to Cliff Central . I do n't know if that 's a lot or a few as I do n't really have a frame of reference to compare it to , " Cliff explains . "  But what I 'm pleased about is that the level of engagement with those people is extremely high and it 's growing . " It 's this engagement that Cliff explains is proving attractive to advertisers . In the future , rather than being subjected to five or six minute advertisements for products that may or may not be relevant -- as currently happens on the radio -- he foresees companies targeting consumers more directly through the app and podcasts . This will leave greater time for programming and should prove more fruitful for advertisers . "  I think that 's a real value proposition to an audience , " Cliff says . "  It 's also a very big commercial proposition and it ties radio in most especially in a measurable way . " Relaying the instant message Numerous other media organizations have already tried to square the circle of using popular instant messaging platforms to distribute their content . The BBC used the WeChat and Whatsapp products when covering the Indian elections in early 2014 . The corporation also adapted the Mxit app to distribute content during South Africa 's parliamentary elections in May . Elsewhere , Buzzfeed have added a Whatsapp sharing button on their mobile stories while WeChat has stated its intention to move into Nigeria and other African countries where smartphone usage is high by working with local media organisations . Closer to Cliff Central in South Africa , other web-only stations have popped-up in recent years . 2Oceansvibe Radio was one of the country 's first online-only outfits and paired up with WeChat a few months after Cliff Central launched . According to Chris Botha , managing director of industry analysts The Media Shop , both ventures have generated a lot of buzz . But Botha is quick to add that it 's difficult to tell how successful they have been so far because they have "  been quite cagey in terms of the data they are sharing with advertisers . " Cliff even admitted earlier this year that releasing a rate card at the wrong time could "  kill us . " And building the audience is n't the only problem the online upstarts face . Broadcast radio remains popular , free to listen to and attractive for advertisers , Botha adds . Then there are the potential added data costs for listeners streaming content on their phones . For Cliff , these are challenges , but they are not insurmountable . He is clear that he does n't want to replace radio in South Africa , rather offer something different . "  What 's different is we are using superior technology to allow people to consume on their own basis what they 'd like , " he said . Advertisers "  really get this . The people who really know about these things  media , digital advertising and branded content  are as excited about this as we are , " he adds . Given the popularity of radio and the growth of smart phone devices in South Africa and across the continent , there will be plenty of observers interested in how Cliff 's "  un-radio " project turns out .	Cliff Central is new mobile ` unradio ' station by South African shock jock Gareth Cliff Listeners can access show , chat to others through WeChat app Broadcaster is excited by possibilities , industry experts remain cagey about prospects
CNN  -- Airline passengers are already able to check in to flights , download boarding passes , select a seat on the go and keep an eye on the upgrades list thanks to recent evolutions in smartphone technology , and the options just keep growing . A global industrywide Airline IT Trends Survey shows that more than 90 % of the airlines surveyed are increasing their investment in mobile capabilities to ease the hassles of getting through the airport and improve the in-flight experience . And the airlines are likely to find a way to generate revenue , too . So what 's a flier to expect from airline apps on the horizon ? In the not-too-distant future , you 'll probably be able to rent a car , pay bag fees and use augmented reality to find the nearest airport bar through your airline 's smartphone app . Delta Air Lines is putting emphasis on improving mobile functionality . While some airline apps allow travelers to make flight reservations  a feature that Delta has not introduced but promises is coming  , the world 's largest carrier is one of the few airlines that gives customers the ability to adjust travel itineraries from their mobile device . Delayed Delta passengers who miss a connection now can immediately rebook a different flight and download a new boarding pass , all while in the air . The airline has some new app plans up its sleeve as well . Delta declines to give a release date for the feature , but it is close to unveiling a new tool where travelers can track checked baggage from their mobile devices , according to Delta spokesman Paul Skrbec .  They can already do so on the airline 's website . The airline eventually could offer other services on its mobile app that are already listed on its website , such as the ability to search for hotel and car rental reservations , Skrbec said . GuestLogix , a company that creates onboard merchandising technology , is already trying to integrate these services into an airline app with the launch of its OnTouch Mobile Concierge platform , which it pitched to major airlines this week , a company official said . The mobile app does not just offer access to itinerary details , but it also functions as a one-stop shop for airline passengers to make in-air purchases related to their trip , such as in-flight refreshments and arrangements for ground transportation , dining and entertainment in the destination city . GuestLogix says it is in talks with most major North American carriers about implementing the OnTouch Mobile Concierge , which would likely be offered by airlines as a separate app from the ticketing-based ones that exist . "  We are providing airlines with the opportunity to offer their passengers a streamlined experience , " said Brett Proud , GuestLogix 's executive vice president of new markets and products . "  Disparity within the mobile channel is a huge issue despite the fact that consumers are increasingly expecting cross-platform integration and a consistent experience . The fully integrated mobile platform that we have built allows travelers to check in to flights and hotels , view travel information and updates , and receive offers from multiple airline carriers , hotels and other services -- all at one time , and in one place . " The hope is the OnTouch Mobile Concierge will also allow airlines to generate new revenue streams by capitalizing for the first time on destination-related purchases . But integrating outside products and services into airline apps is not the only way that airlines hope to customize the passenger experience while increasing revenue . According to Delta 's Skrbec , the demand is likely there for airlines eventually to offer add-ons such as standby upgrades and the ability to pay for extra checked baggage through mobile applications , but industry research suggests that offering those types of mobile transactions wo n't happen overnight . According to a report released this year by Amadeus , a company that develops technology for the travel industry , ancillary services -- from premium seating to in-flight meals -- are unlikely to be sold on airlines ' mobile platforms on a widespread level for another year or two . So more add-ons and products will be available , but is help on the way for slogging through the airport ? American , United and Continental airlines currently offer airport maps in their mobile apps , with Delta soon to join them . But the maps are generally useful only in locating gates ; they do n't offer detailed information on where to find food and shopping locations . Augmented reality technology may come to the rescue here . It allows users to point the camera on their smartphone at their surroundings and receive corresponding information about their current location , such as which restaurants and stores are nearby . Amadeus 's report estimates it will take three to five years for most airlines to find a way to integrate augmented reality into an airline app . Airlines might take some cues from a new app released by Denmark 's Copenhagen Airport this year , which became the world 's first application to use augmented reality indoors successfully -- according to SITA , the app 's developer . The app allows travelers at the airport to access not just gate information but also details on surrounding shops and services , saving them time while trying to catch a flight . Even when it comes to selling fares through mobile clients , a service that 85 % of airlines in the Airline IT Trends Survey either offer or plan to offer by 2014 , there is room for improvement . Currently , airline apps only offer tickets with their specific carrier , and mobile customers ca n't take advantage of the flexibility offered by airline alliances . "  Airline alliances , the Star Alliance in particular , have n't really kept pace with mobile developments , " said Dennis Schaal , the North America editor of the travel tech site Tnooz.com . "  Granted , creating a mobile app that brings in dozens of airlines would be no easy task , but there should be some kind of booking capability at this juncture . " The Star Alliance has two mobile apps available for download : one that offers airport information in addition to the ability to search and track flights , and another that is a fare finder for flights on the alliance 's airlines . The Star Alliance includes airlines such as United , Continental , Air Canada and US Airways -- which does not currently offer a mobile app . But those airlines that fail to take the full leap into the mobile world will quickly find themselves in the minority . Apps might not replace websites as the primary place where people purchase airline reservations , especially with new airline initiatives to integrate ticket-purchasing apps into social-media sites such as Facebook . However , they 're beginning to offer a level of customer service and convenience that has never before been possible in the industry , and perhaps could even transform the experience of traveling enough to create a new barometer on which airline brands will be judged in the future .	Airlines are increasing their investment in mobile capabilities Ancillary services are likely to be incorporated into the mobile menu Delta 's app provides the ability to adjust travel plans from mobile devices
CNN  -- When I was a kid , I was obedient and quiet . I automatically knew that talking too loud , making a fuss or being assertive would never fly . I did what I was told . I was a Chinese girl . I adhered to my parents ' wishes that I get top grades and perform well in the activities they had chosen for me . But after all the hours of homework , grueling afternoons of practicing arpeggios on the piano to perfection , four hours of Chinese school after regular school , Chinese calligraphy lessons with the stiff brush and stinky ink , after the chores , basketball practice and memorization of Chinese poems , eventually I wanted to feel known for myself , not just my accomplishments . In the song "  In My Room , " Brian Wilson of the Beach Boys sang , " ... Do my dreaming and my scheming , laugh at yesterday . " Obviously , he was n't Chinese . When you are a kid in hyperdrive , daydreaming and lying on your bed doing nothing does n't fit into the schedule . It did n't occur to my parents to ask for my opinion . That might promote individual thinking . And thinking for oneself is not part of the plan . Chinese culture emphasizes acting according to your place in the family -- you are the Number One Son , Third Daughter , Fifth Wheel or maybe just another mouth to feed . Everyone has a part to play , and if you do n't like the role you 've been given , the mandate is still "  do n't make trouble . " You do n't make trouble , and you study like crazy because in the really old days , passing the imperial exams was your only ticket out of poverty . And since the time of Mao Zedong , individuality is considered counterrevolutionary . Speaking up about injustice could get you and your whole lot exiled . Sure , many Asian-Americans are several generations away from those threats . Yet , some collective memories do n't ever seem to fade . Chinese parents who rock the Tiger Mother style still cling to the remnants of the Old World by expecting obedience above all else and stifling true creativity in favor of tried and true benchmarks of success : Perfect grades , best test scores , admission into top colleges . What 's so bad about that ? To earn straight As for two decades in a row , I learned to detach from my own emotions and physical body . I disregarded my cramping fingers , tired eyes and grumbling stomach . Having fun with friends had to wait . Through consistent pressure to succeed , I learned that human connections were an obstacle and distraction . The only semblance of approval I received was when I won an award or had a perfect report card . Achieving The Best was the only goal , and it did n't matter if the pursuit of perfection required that I ignore or step over someone else . All that mattered was the A . After so many years of performing like a robot , by the age of 25 , a lot of kids who grew up like me have no idea how to connect with other people . We never bonded with friends in endless games of kick-the-can or went to birthday parties or listlessly congregated in the halls with the "  bad " kids . We knew better than to waste our time like that . Plus , we might catch stupid that way . As the children and grandchildren of immigrants , we may not have been starving for actual food , but we are starved for affection . In the pursuit of high achievement , our feelings got left by the side of the road , our emotions mistaken as unnecessary baggage . Maybe our parents who escaped war and poverty never expected that later in the journey , we would need emotional availability and a sense of humor as flotation devices . As for me , the anxiety and loneliness of childhood that I describe in my book , "  Tiger Babies Strike Back , " has caused an uproar in my family . It 's the roar of a Chinese kid saying enough is enough . It 's me as a Chinese person saying I want to be seen as an individual . The world sees stereotypes of waitress or Tiger Mom , but even within my own ethnicity , I am also supposed to fit into a box -- that of obedient child . I 'm a 43-year-old writer and mom , raising my kid with more hugs and affection that I ever had . Growing up in San Francisco with frequent trips to Chinatown , I interacted with newly arrived Chinese as well as third - and fourth-generation Asians who spoke without accents . But no matter what our ages or how Americanized we were or were not , everybody seemed to know that nothing good could come from stirring up the melting pot . The fact that I am now purposely "  making trouble " has opened up Pandora 's box . My parents , brothers and other relatives are stumbling around , trying to stuff my words , anecdotes and remembrances of the past back into the locked Chinese box . But it 's too late . While we were cramming to learn English or Mandarin , we forgot to learn the vocabulary of the foreign language of our feelings . We do n't know the words for "  I 'm sorry " or even "  I love you . " But now that I have stirred the pot a little , all is not lost . I remember that when Pandora opened the box , there was one tiny thing that was the last to fly out into the world , and that was Hope . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kim Wong Keltner .	Kim Wong Keltner : As a Chinese kid growing up , I was obedient and quiet Keltner : Parents who rock the Tiger Mother style expect kids to get perfect grades She says in pursuing A 's , she grew up having no idea how to connect with other people Keltner : Tiger Moms should foster true creativity and nurture emotional and social IQ
CNN  -- A common joke in our household is that when  if !  our girls go to sleep-away camp , my husband and I will join them by sneaking into their suitcases and bunking in a nearby cabin . "  No ! " scream our girls , ages 5 and 7 , making it clear they will want nothing to do with Mom and Dad once they leave for camp . But there is always Camp Visiting Day , I like to remind them without sharing my fear of the event itself . That fear arose after watching this hilarious video from a few years ago of the moment parents were let into a camp on visiting day . Yes , it looks almost like the running of the bulls . "  There 's nothing like it , " said mom of three Sarah Maizes , author of the book "  Got Milf ? The Modern Mom 's Guide to Feeling Fabulous , Looking Great and Rocking a Minivan , " and all around funny woman on all things parenting related . Visiting Day Maizes , whose 13-year-old daughter and 10-year-old twins are at sleep-away camp this summer , described the ritual in which parents are lined up , a whistle goes off and they essentially race one another to reach their children . "  You are running to show you care more than the other parents , " she added , cringing as she remembered the one year she was late . It all seemed innocent enough . She was driving fast so she would n't be late for visiting day , when a police officer pulled her over . He did n't think speeding to be on time at camp was a valid excuse and handed her a ticket , which made her , you guessed it , late . "  Where were you ? " her daughter asked , shedding a few tears , when her mom finally arrived . Mom said she was "  mortified . " "  It 's stressful because it 's ... like a summer 's worth of love shoved into this one little day , " Maizes said . Did Somebody Break a Hip ? Another way to show the love ? Maizes said she 's seen "  massive gift baskets " on visiting day filled with games , makeup , candy , gum , jump ropes and those "  foam things that fly through the air . " "  You 'd think somebody broke a hip , I swear to God , " she joked . "  These baskets are so massive . ... They 're like huge apologies wrapped up in cellophane . We 're so sorry we sent you away . We still love you . " Refresh , Refresh , Refresh My sister-in-law , Drucie Belman , a mom of two whose 11-year-old son went to sleep-away camp for the first time this year , says she would hit ` refresh ' several times a day on the camp 's website when her son first went away , hoping to see a picture . She had n't gotten any letters yet .  She forwarded me a video , which satirizes the "  refreshing " that moms of kids at sleep-away camp are doing , but be advised it does contain some offensive language . "  You look every day for  the photos  , and sometimes he 's like a dot in the background , and I still send it to my mother-in-law , " she said . Jenny Isenman , founder of the blog , The Suburban Jungle , said she might be up until 1 a.m. some days "  watching for the pictures to come in . " "  We are so overprotective at this point and so involved , " the humorist , whose 11-year-old son went to sleepaway camp last year and the year before , joked . "  It 's like , God forbid you do n't see your kid one day . Is he still alive ? Is he having fun ? " The Phone Calls Some camps allow kids to phone home and some do not . Isenman 's son was able to call but just for a few minutes each time . "  You get that phone call from your kid and it 's you and your husband on the phone and all hell breaks loose , " she said . "  The moms just get so frustrated with the dads . They get so frustrated with the questions they ask . They 're not the right questions , " she added . She joked about how her husband asked his son if he received his letters , and when her son said yes , her husband asked which letters he got . "  I 'm like , what do you mean which ones ? " she said . "  I have friends who have literally taken the phone from their husband 's hands and they 're like , ` Your time is up . ' " Why Do It ? I have never been to sleep-away camp , and somewhat dread the year my girls will feel they are ready to go . I know it would be an amazing experience for them , but at the same time , I love spending time with my kids and ca n't imagine not being with them a chunk of the summer . So I wanted to know , from moms who 've been there , why they send their kids in the first place and how they cope . My sister-in-law said she wanted to give her son a chance to "  fly free " and "  reinvent himself " since he 's the second child with an older brother who gets lots of attention . "  I think he was able to have a super fresh start . He did n't have to be the kid who wore glasses . He did n't have to be the chess kid , he could be whatever , " she told me as she was driving to Massachusetts to pick up her son from camp . "  I cope with it because he 's doing exactly what he should be doing . " Maizes ' advice to me and other moms considering camp is to think about how great it can be for the kids . "  Summer camp is an experience to give your children that is unlike any other experience and one of the best growth experiences you can possibly have so ... know you are doing the right thing . " "  You remind yourself how much fun you had when you were a kid , " said Isenman . "  You ca n't take it away from them because of your own sadness or your own homesickness . " "  So that 's how you cope and also a lot of wine , " she added . Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and on Google + and like CNN Living on Facebook .	Many parents find the separation hard to bear when their kids go off to camp CNN Parents ' Kelly Wallace and her husband joke that they 'll stow away with their daughters Visiting day at camp can be especially harrowing , with parents vying to prove their love Parents also send extravagant gift baskets and scour the camp websites for photos
CNN  -- The FBI is warning law agencies that the new Barbie "  Video Girl " doll could be used as a tool by pedophiles to make child pornography . In an alert entitled "  Barbie ` Video Girl ' a Possible Child Pornography Production Method , " the FBI said the doll has a built-in hidden camera in the chest and a small LCD screen for video display in her back . The FBI "  cyber crime alert " does n't cite any misuse of the doll , which has been on the market since July , but talks about the possibility . "  FBI investigation has revealed instances where an individual convicted of distributing child pornography had given a Barbie doll to a 6 year old girl , " the alert said . The document went on to cite the findings of another investigation that found "  examples where a concealed video camera had recorded child pornography . " That camera did n't involve a doll , FBI special agent Frederick Gutt in Seattle , Washington , said Friday . "  The possibility of the combination of these two in a single device presents a concern for investigators , " said the alert , dated November 30 . "  Law enforcement is encouraged to be aware of unconventional avenues for possible production and possession of child pornography , such as the Barbie Video Girl , " the document said . The FBI regularly distributes such alerts to help investigators improve policing . No incidents involving the new doll have been reported , according to Gutt and another FBI special agent , Steve Dupre . The doll 's camera can capture 30 minutes of footage , and the video can be downloaded and streamed live to a computer , but there is no indication it can be streamed directly to the Internet , the FBI alert said . The notice is written for law agencies only , but someone at the FBI mistakenly sent it to media outlets in Seattle , said Dupre of the FBI 's Sacramento , California , office , which distributed the notice . "  It was an inadvertent dissemination of the document , " Dupre said . "  There have been no reported incidents of this doll being used as anything other than as intended . " Seattle media accounts of the FBI alert prompted some parents to express concerns about the doll . "  That plays into these people who prey upon our children 's ideals . It frightens me , " William Porres , a Tacoma , Washington , grandfather , told CNN affiliate KING . He said he will not buy the doll for his 6-year-old granddaughter . "  Oh , she would love it , but she 's more important to me than a giggle on Christmas morning , " Porres said . A Mattel Inc. spokesman could not be reached for comment , but the toymaker issued a statement to KING : "  The FBI is not reporting that anything has happened . Steve Dupre from the FBI Sacramento field office has confirmed there have been no incidents of this doll being used as anything other than its intent . Mattel products are designed with children and their best interests in mind . Many of Mattel 's employees are parents themselves and we understand the importance of child safety -- it is our number one priority , " the statement said . FBI special agent Gutt said the alert apprised other agencies about how the new doll 's videotaping capabilities could contain evidence . "  The cyber alert was meant for law enforcement only and was taken out of context , " Gutt said . "  The intent was to aid law enforcement in evidence gathering . " The Mattel website says the $ 49.99 doll , for kids ages 6 and up , has been nominated for the 2011 Toy of the Year Award . "  Budding filmmakers , take note : Barbie doll now doubles as a video camera ! " the website says . "  Girls can record and play back clips with this multi-tasking doll , which has a video camera built right in . Capture everything from a doll 's - eye-view , then watch it instantly or upload to your computer . There 's an LCD screen on Barbie doll 's back , and a camera lens hidden discreetly in her necklace . Talk about making movies in style ! "	FBI issues a cyber crime alert to law agencies about new Barbie "  Video Girl " Alert is also inadvertently sent to media outlets Pedophiles could use the doll 's videotaping feature to make child porn , FBI says FBI , toymaker Mattel Inc. say no such incidents have occurred
CNN  -- Here 's a free idea that will make some businessperson millions of dollars . Go ahead and take it -- it 's yours . You 'll be doing a service to humankind . In addition to all the money you 'll make , you may very well end up with the Nobel Peace Prize , with the thanks of a grateful world . This is no joke . The idea ? Bring back phone booths . You 're already saying : What ? Phone booths ? Who uses pay phones anymore ? No one said anything about pay phones . The idea is to put up phone booths -- all right , technically , phoneless booths -- in public places around the country . The old-style phone booths , with doors that close , and ventilator fans in the ceilings . Either the ones made out of metal and glass that were seen on street corners for generations , or the elegant ones made out of dark wood and glass that were seen in the lobbies of office buildings and in the backs of drugstores . Phone booths were a wonderfully democratic invention , intended to shut out the noise of the immediate outside world so the person in the booth could privately , in silence , talk with someone miles away . Are you starting to see where we 're going with this ? The new phone booths would n't have pay telephones inside . But they would be the solution to one of society 's most constantly irritating problems . You ca n't escape the yammering all around you -- the people walking down the street blabbing at high volume into their cell phones . The cell phones , of course , are the primary reason that pay telephones are increasingly hard to find . With so many people carrying their own phones , telephone companies have been deciding that it was uneconomical to maintain pay phones . And here is where the idea comes in . If there were clean , convenient , phone  less  booths readily available , do n't you think that people would step into them to make their cell phone calls ? Who would n't opt for privacy and quiet if it was there for them to take ? A savvy entrepreneur could finance the project by selling advertising space both outside and -- especially -- inside the new phone booths , whether on the streets , in malls , restaurants -- anywhere that people gather . National advertisers would literally have a captive audience . The person in the booth would have no choice but to stare at the advertising . Cities and municipalities would love it , too . They could negotiate the rights to a percentage of the advertising fees for the booths on the streets , perhaps in exchange for having city workers help keep the booths clean . There is a business precedent for this : In some cities , private firms have erected shelters at bus stops , with advertising displayed on the walls . The bus riders do n't object to seeing the ads while they wait -- they 're just glad to be able to get out of the storm . The storm from which the new phone booths would provide relief is the storm of words that has overtaken public places . Advertisers face a vexing set of decisions these days because with so many media outlets -- hundreds of cable channels , millions of websites , consumers thumbing through screen after screen on their handheld devices -- it can be difficult to determine how best to reach potential customers . The new phone booths would be goldmines -- places guaranteed to deliver the advertising message to a person willingly enclosed inside . Sort of like the isolation booths on the old quiz shows . There would be challenges : The phone booths would have to be absolutely transparent on all four sides ; otherwise people could set up housekeeping inside , could use the booths as private dining rooms , could have quick romantic encounters . But technology could make a virtue of that necessity . While people on the outside could look in , the person on the inside could be surrounded by advertising messages electronically delivered onto only one side -- the interior side -- of the window-walls . The trick would be to manufacture enough of the new booths . Once the first ones went up , people would want more . It 's hard to even remember the days when phone booths were ubiquitous in America ; well before the advent of cell phones , the four-walls-and-a-ceiling booths had largely been replaced by bolted-to-a-wall units that just featured pay phones without the benefit of much privacy . But that was in a different world , one in which people did not walk through life jabbering loudly into tiny phones . The one drawback to the new phone booths might be that the people who use them the most could turn out to be not cell phone callers trying to be courteous to their fellow pedestrians , but those beleaguered fellow pedestrians themselves , seeking to escape the rude babblers . Clark Kent used to duck into phone booths to change into his Superman uniform . Today , Superman himself might be tempted to duck into the new phone booths just to flee in abject annoyance from all the relentlessly loud yakkers outside . Even the Man of Steel has his breaking point . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Bring back the once ubiquitous phone booth -- but for cell phone users He says it 's common for people to talk in public on cell phones ; a phone booth would offer quiet He says : Talkers could have privacy , advertisers a captive audience ; demand would grow Greene : Only problem would be pedestrians would use them to flee the yakkers out on the street
CNN  Are you a female artist or designer ? If so , CNN International is looking for your help with a voluntary project for International Women 's Day on March 8 . We asked our audience , our journalists and our partners around the world to select the quotes by women that inspire them . We 've been inundated with quotes -- and now we need your help to bring them to life by creating beautiful illustrations . If you would like to help promote the inspiring words of women and have your work seen by CNN 's global audience , please email leading.women@cnn.com by Wednesday , February 4 . We 'll send you a quote and all the information you will need to produce your illustration . Your work could appear in a gallery on CNN.com and on a CNN International Women 's Day Pinterest board .	Are you a female artist or designer ? CNN needs your help for a voluntary International Women 's Day project We 'd like you to illustrate the inspiring words of a great woman Your work could be seen by CNN 's global audience
CNN  -- "  When you and I went to dinner in Arizona in the spring of 2011 , " I say to Ned Colletti , general manager of the Los Angeles Dodgers , "  you thought your team might be a lot better than it turned out to be . " "  It tells you that I do n't know what I 'm doing , " he jumps in , finishing my thought . "  And when we went to dinner in L.A. before this season , " I remind him , "  you sure as hell were n't sure your 2012 team had a shot to be the best team in baseball . " Colletti is cool about being kidded because he 's been around long enough to know how high and low and fast and slow and screwy and curvy and uncontrollable baseball can be . Bankruptcy court approves sale of Los Angeles Dodgers He says , "  Well , how 's that saying go , ` The whole is greater than the sum of its parts ? ' " Everything that goes wrong one year can go right the next . Every guy who hit .200 can hit .300 . Every guy on the DL can be an MVP . Every team 's owner who files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection can sell that same team for $ 2 billion and change . Well , OK , not EVERY team . But maybe the Dodgers are too big to fail . Maybe you ca n't keep a franchise this strong down too long . Maybe the bum breaks even out . Maybe a new owner and a new cash infusion and a new attitude can create a new mood . I do n't know . Call me maybe . I can tell you this much : For years and years before the last owner owned the Dodgers , the Dodgers owned this town . The seats were filled . The team took five World Series championships and nine National League pennants after bolting Brooklyn to go west . If you count the Brooklyn years , these boys of summer won six Fall Classics and 22 pennants . Something happened to the club that brought you Jackie Robinson and Duke Snider and Sandy Koufax and Don Drysdale , alas . Something unfortunate . Something unforeseeable . Rare photos of Jackie Robinson An organization that oozed success and epitomized class was being abandoned by some of its fan base . The seats WERE N'T filled . The team was n't succeeding . Its owner was in divorce court and its financial statements were in bankruptcy court . A lawsuit and a criminal investigation were pending over a parking lot incident in which a Northern California man was beaten into a coma . Dodger Stadium attendance in 2011 was down more than 627,000 from the year before . Unthinkable . Unacceptable . I wondered what it would take for the Dodgers to straighten this out . Would it take years ? Would thousands of fans who once jammed the freeway near Stadium Way now steer clear for good ? Well , they are n't totally back , the team or the fans , but you 've got to admit , it 's getting better . For much of this season , Los Angeles  that famous ice hockey town  has owned the best record in all of ball . I know quite a few folks who thought the Los Angeles team of ANAHEIM might become a dominating one in 2012 , what with having signed the Sultan of St. Louis Albert Pujols to a contract through the year 2022 or 2032 or 2525 or whatever it was they did . But the Dodgers ? No way . After all , what did they have ? They had a hard-hitting hitter , Matt Kemp , who might have been his league 's legitimate Most Valuable Player last season , having come in second in a vote to a guy who later was accused of using a banned substance . They had a hard-throwing thrower , Clayton Kershaw , who was indeed his league 's most valuable pitcher , having racked up a record of 21-5 . They had a left-handed swinger , Andre Ethier , whose production had tapered off sharply in 2011 after a hot start . And ... . and ... ? They had a team that ended up 11.5 games out of first place . They had an owner fans resented , with a big "  FOR SALE " sign in the yard . A much-loved ballclub and ballpark suddenly had five popular people -- Kemp , Kershaw , Ethier , a certain redheaded gentleman in the radio-TV booth  initials V.S.  and a nice lady named Nancy Bea who plays the organ . How low would they go ? It was n't as if the Dodgers had n't been down on their luck before . On October 29 , 2005 , the owner fired his general manager . He was Paul DePodesta  aka the true identity of the Jonah Hill character from "  Moneyball "  , who , for all his calculations and acumen , had just fielded a Dodgers team that won 71 of 162 games . Colletti was hired . His teams proceeded to go to the playoffs of 2006 , 2008 and 2009 . He had money to spend . He tinkered , he tweaked . Ethier was acquired in a December 2005 trade . Kershaw was drafted in June of 2006 . There were signings and experiments that did not pan out , but there was also Manny Ramirez , who was acquired by Colletti from the Red Sox in mid-2008 and turned the whole left field pavilion into his own personal "  Mannywood . " In the first rounds of the '08 and '09 playoffs , the Dodgers not only beat the Cubs and Cards , they swept them . That 2009 team had a record of 95-67 . It was the first Dodger club since the championship run of 1988 to win that many . Ah , but prior to that 2009 NL championship series , snap , things changed . It was announced that owners Frank and Jamie McCourt were kaput . They had separated . As soon as the Dodgers were eliminated , Frank McCourt eliminated Jamie McCourt as the club 's CEO . That same month , she filed for divorce . A day after she did , Frank McCourt 's side claimed Jamie McCourt had a guy on the side . Husband gets Dodgers in McCourt divorce deal What a mess . And it got messier . There were good players  Randy Wolf , Orlando Hudson  who were not offered new contracts . There were players  Juan Pierre  who got traded , players  Ramirez  who got put on waivers and permitted to leave . You could n't help but interpret it as the Dodgers cutting costs . Their catcher  Russell Martin  was not offered a new deal , even though no heir-apparent was apparent . Rafael Furcal  $ 13 million salary in 2011  , Hiroki Kuroda  nearly $ 12 million  , Jonathan Broxton  $ 7 mil  ... those guys , too , had to go . Critics and skeptics no longer saw the Colletti who landed productive guys like Ted Lilly and Juan Rivera without giving up much in return . They focused instead on risks like Andruw Jones and Juan Uribe who did n't produce . I told people that the GM , given resources , could field a team that true-blue Dodger followers were proud of again . Some of them scoffed . Excitement did n't return until Magic Johnson and associates laid their billions on the table , making McCourt green but gone . Happy days were here again . Soon , these solvent Dodgers would surely solve all of the fans ' woes , from finding a new third baseman to fixing the long traffic jams and the long lines for a hot dog . Snap , just like that . And on the field ? Well , there was no waiting . Colletti did what he could . There were new arms , like those of Chris Capuano and Aaron Harang . There were the unrelated Ellises  catcher A.J. and infielder Mark  who were much better than anyone anticipated . There was a battle-tested bat  Bobby Abreu 's  that the GM went out and got . Best team in baseball ? Maybe not . Best record in baseball ? You bet . As I watched a victory parade Thursday morning through the streets of Los Angeles , the ice skate guys were kings for a day , I looked at the baseball standings in the paper . Only one team had won 40 games already in 2012 . It was n't the Yankees . It was n't the Angels . It was n't the 2011 World Series champion Cardinals , who had lost Pujols .  See how quickly fortunes can change ? It was the Dodgers . "  I would n't even use words like ` best team in baseball ' because there 's no such thing , " Colletti tells me on the phone , grateful for a good start but understandably cautious . "  In our case , we 're a good example of a bunch of guys who get out there and give you everything they 've got . " Oh , and there 's something else some of them got : Kemp 's got a big new contract . Kershaw 's got a big new contract . Ethier 's got a big new contract . Now THAT 's moneyball . L.A. is a player again in the baseball business . It might not be a hockey town for very long . How do you feel about the L.A. Dodgers ? Let us know in the comments below .	The Dodgers have new owners and are in first place Last year at this time the owners were in divorce court The team suffered on the field and at the box office
An 8-year-old Louisiana boy intentionally shot and killed his elderly caregiver after playing a violent video game , authorities say . Marie Smothers was pronounced dead at the scene with a gunshot wound to the head in a mobile home park in Slaughter , Louisiana , the East Feliciana Parish Sheriff 's Department said in a prepared statement . Slaughter is about 20 miles north of Baton Rouge . Authorities identified the woman as the boy 's "  caregiver , " without stating whether she is a relative . But CNN affiliate WBRZ reported that the woman was the boy 's grandmother . Smothers was 87 , public records show . "  By accounts of relatives of the victim , as well as friends of the family , the victim and the juvenile had a normal , loving , relationship and even shared the same bedroom , " the sheriff 's department said . The gun belonged to Smothers , WBRZ reported . CNN affiliate WAFB reported that a man identifying himself as the boy 's father also said the gun belongs to Smothers . Although the boy initially told investigators that he accidentally shot the woman Thursday while playing with a firearm , the probe led authorities to believe he "  intentionally shot Mrs. Smothers in the back of the head as she sat in her living room watching television , " the sheriff 's department statement said . The boy wo n't face charges . Under Louisiana law , a child younger than 10 is exempt from criminal responsibility . "  We have a child who does not know the impact of the consequences of the act he committed , " Sclynski Legier , a lawyer , told CNN affiliate WAFB . "  He truly does n't understand that . " The boy is now with his parents . Neighbors say the mobile home park is generally a quiet and safe place , and they wonder why precautions had n't been taken . "  Where did she have the gun ? Where was It placed ? Was it in his eyesight ? That 's what kind of thoughts are going through my head , " Johnnie Scott told WBRZ . Violence in video games While the motive is unclear , the sheriff 's department implied the child 's activities in a violent virtual world may have led to the killing . "  Although a motive for the shooting is unknown at this time investigators have learned that the juvenile suspect was playing a video game on the Play Station III ` Grand Theft Auto IV , ' a realistic game that has been associated with encouraging violence and awards points to players for killing people , just minutes before the homicide occurred . " The game 's maker , Take Two Interactive , rejected the link . "  Ascribing a connection to entertainment -- a theory that has been disproven repeatedly by multiple independent studies -- both minimizes this moment and sidesteps the real issues at hand , " the company said in a statement . Studies by reputable academic and medical sources have come to a variety of conclusions . The Obama administration has called for more research . Critics of video game violence and industry supporters have long debated whether virtual violence leads to actual violence . The argument has become more heated since 26 people died in a December shooting rampage at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut . The shooter , Adam Lanza , was reportedly obsessed with violent video games . Is media violence damaging to kids ? Speaking soon after the shootings at Sandy Hook , Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper , who led his state through grieving after a mass shooting at a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado , speculated about a connection . "  There might well be some direct connection between people who have some mental instability and when they go over the edge -- they transport themselves , they become part of one of those video games , " he said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  Perhaps that 's why all these assault weapons are used . " A month after the Sandy Hook shooting , John Riccitiello , president and CEO of the video game maker Electronic Arts , said in a conference call with bank analysts there was n't a connection , but the industry faces a "  perception issue , " the BBC reported . Opinion : Video games did n't cause Newtown shooting Vice President Joe Biden , who is heading an inquiry into the causes of gun violence , has floated the idea of taxing violent games and sending proceeds to help victims and their families , Forbes.com reported .	The victim was 87 , public records show The gun belonged to the caregiver , two CNN affiliates report The boy wo n't face charges because he is younger than 10 The video game maker rejects any suggestion its game might have sparked killing
CNN  -- Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell apologized Wednesday for leaving out any reference to slavery in his recent proclamation designating April as Confederate History Month , calling it a "  major omission . " "  The failure to include any reference to slavery was a mistake , and for that I apologize to any fellow Virginian who has been offended or disappointed , " McDonnell said in a written statement . "  The abomination of slavery divided our nation , deprived people of their God-given inalienable rights , and led to the Civil War , " the statement said . "  Slavery was an evil , vicious and inhumane practice which degraded human beings to property , and it has left a stain on the soul of this state and nation . " McDonnell also announced Wednesday that he would add language about slavery to the proclamation . "  I  t is important for all Virginians to understand that the institution of slavery led to this  Civil  war and was an evil and inhumane practice that deprived people of their God-given inalienable rights , " the new language says , "  and all Virginians are thankful for its permanent eradication from our borders . " McDonnell 's statement noted that while Virginia was home to the Capital of the Confederacy , it was also the first state to elect an African-American governor , L. Douglas Wilder , who McDonnell called "  my friend . " In an interview with CNN on Wednesday , Wilder said that McDonnell 's apology and his introduction of additional proclamation language was "  the right thing for him to have done . " "  Most people recognize that slavery was the cause of the  Civil  war , " Wilder said , noting that McDonnell had called him Wednesday . "  The war was not a glorious thing in our past . It was something that we were able to withstand in terms of tearing the country apart . ... Thank God that war ended with the Confederacy losing . " Not all Democrats were willing to forgive McDonnell on Wednesday . "  He has a right to apologize , " Virginia State Sen. Henry Marsh III , a black Democrat , told CNN . "  But I do n't accept that as a good answer because this is a pattern of this governor . " "  He says the wrong thing , he sends a signal to his base and then he makes an apology , " Marsh said , "  It 's a question of whether or not he 's sincere or not . " Other Democrats accepted McDonnell 's apology . "  My great , great grandparents , their offspring and others were split up in the Commonwealth of Virginia & sold into slavery , " Democratic strategist and CNN political contributor Donna Brazile said on Twitter . "  Apology accepted McDonnell is the first Virginia governor in eight years to issue a proclamation declaring April as Confederate History Month in the state , a move that drew criticism from Democrats and a civil rights group . Former Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine , now Democratic National Committee chairman , issued a statement Wednesday blasting McDonnell 's exclusion of slavery from the original proclamation . "  Governor McDonnell 's decision to designate April as Confederate History Month without condemning , or even acknowledging , the pernicious stain of slavery or its role in the war disregards history , is insensitive to the extraordinary efforts of Americans to eliminate slavery and bind the nation 's wounds , and offends millions of Americans of all races and in all parts of our nation , " Kaine wrote . "  A failure to acknowledge the central role of slavery in the Confederacy and deeming insignificant the reprehensible tran sgression of moral standards of liberty and equality that slavery represented is simply not acceptable in the America of the 21st century , " he continued . iReporter : McDonnell 's "  step in the right direction " McDonnell quietly declared April Confederate History Month after two previous Democratic administrations refused to do so . "  It is important for all Virginians to reflect upon our Commonwealth 's shared history , to understand the sacrifices of the Confederate leaders , soldiers and citizens during the period of the Civil War , and to recognize how our history has led to our present , " the proclamation reads in part . Virginia Delegate Kenneth Alexander , chairman of the Virginia Legislative Black Caucus , said the governor 's proclamation was offensive . It "  offered a disturbing revision of the Civil War and the brutal era that followed , " Alexander , a Democrat , said in a written statement . "  Virginia has worked hard to move beyond the very things for which Gov. McDonnell seems nostalgic . " The Virginia chapter of the NAACP also condemned the proclamation , The Washington Post reported . The group did not immediately return phone calls to CNN . The Sons of Confederate Veterans asked the governor to declare April Confederate History Month in Virginia , which had seceded from the Union on April 17 , 1861 . Brandon Dorsey , a spokesman for the group , told CNN Radio that Confederate History Month is n't about slavery or race , but about studying the four-year history of the Confederacy . He said it will also help draw visitors to the many Civil War battle sites in Virginia , helping to boost tourism . "  The proclamation 's main goal is to call attention to the fact that there is Confederate history in the state of Virginia , of course , across the South , " Dorsey said . "  It 's simply a tool to expose individuals to that history . ... It 's not meant to discriminate against anybody . " Other Southern states have issued similar proclamations for April . In Alabama , Republican Gov. Bob Riley declared April , the month the Civil War began , as Confederate History and Heritage Month . His statement condemned slavery . CNN Radio 's Shelby Lin Erdman contributed to this report .	NEW : Nation 's first African-American governor says apology was the right thing to do Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell says not mentioning slavery was "  major omission " McDonnell says he will add language about slavery to proclamation His proclamation of April as Confederate History Month in state has drawn criticism
CNN  -- Shock waves were felt throughout cricket on Thursday when three Pakistan international players were sent to prison for their part in a betting scam against England in 2010 . The trio , Salman Butt , Mohammad Asif and Mohammad Amir were handed differing jail terms after being found guilty of plotting to cheat during the match at Lord 's -- the home of English cricket . However , while Butt and Asif have been roundly condemned for their actions , which resulted in sentences of 30 months and 12 months respectively , in some quarters there has been a modicum of sympathy for 19-year-old Amir . Pakistani cricketers jailed in betting scam Unlike his two , more experienced colleagues , Amir confessed to deliberately bowling no-balls  foul deliveries  in order to make money in a betting scam , with the judge , Mr Justice Cooke , handing him a lesser sentence of six months , calling him " "  impressionable " . And now Amir 's mother and brother have told CNN they have sympathy for the teenager , believing he was coerced into agreeing to bowl no balls . Speaking from her family home in Changa Bangial , one hour outside Islamabad , Amir 's mother , Naseem Akhtar , told CNN 's Reza Sayah : "  He rose to stardom at the speed of light and has falling back down just as fast . "  Amir still thinks like a child , he is very naive . I know that he was forced into doing this , he was n't greedy for money , " she added . "  But in my heart I know that god is with him , and he will make a comeback in cricket with my prayers . " Amir 's close friend Rizwan Akbar told CNN : "  I have known Mohammad for eight or nine years , we lived together . I did not think he would ever do anything like this . " However , somebody who has no sympathy for Amir and his fellow-convicted teammates is Paul Condon , the former head of the International Cricket Council 's anti-corruption unit . Speaking to CNN 's Don Riddell , following the announcement of the prison sentences , Condon said : "  These guys betrayed their country and betrayed millions of cricket lovers around the world . "  These players were idolized in Pakistan , but they betrayed everything for money so they deserve what they have got . " Condon added : "  In my time with the ICC , I always said the most powerful message was if cricketers were dealt with criminally for these matters , otherwise cricket loses and millions of people also lose their confidence in the game . "	Mohammad Amir 's family tell CNN they sympathize with their son 's plight They believe the teenage Pakistan cricketer was forced into a betting scam Amir was one of three players jailed in England on Thursday for their role in the scandal
CNN  -- It 's not quite the achievement of a lunar landing , but astronaut Mike Massimino made Twitter history with a 139-character post to the micro-blogging site -- the first person to do so from space . A seven-member crew aboard space shuttle Atlantis is headed to the Hubble Space Telescope to make repairs . "  From orbit : Launch was awesome !! I am feeling great , working hard , & enjoying the magnificent views , the adventure of a lifetime has begun ! " he wrote at 4:30 p.m. ET Tuesday . With the tweet , Massimino kept his promise to file updates from the space shuttle Atlantis as it readies to repair the Hubble Space Telescope . Massimino began tweeting in early April as he prepared for the mission . By early Wednesday , his Twitter feed , astro_mike , had more than 241,000 followers . Atlantis launched Monday afternoon with Massimino and six other crew members . It is NASA 's fifth and final repair visit to the Hubble . The crew was expected to arrive at the space telescope on Wednesday . Watch Atlantis launch for Hubble mission " "  I 'm going to put my spacesuit on , next stop : Earth Orbit !! " Massimino posted on Twitter on Monday morning before the launch . Ironically , another Twitter user , astromike , has tweets that are more down-to-earth : "  House-cleaning day . I dusted everything that has a horizontal surface , " and "  Will make "  blender waffles " when the girls wake up . From whole wheat kernels to waffles in 10 minutes ! " Another astronaut , Mark Polansky , is posting Twitter updates as he prepares for the next planned space shuttle mission to the International Space Station . Polansky , who is tweeting as astro_127 , will be the commander of the mission , scheduled for June .	Astronaut becomes first person to post to Twitter from space Mike Massimino tweets "  the adventure of a lifetime has begun " Massimino , six others headed to Hubble Space Telescope to make repairs
Would you enjoy social media more without all those pesky 99-percenters complaining about their mortgage payments and high cable bills ? For a mere $ 9,000 , Netropolitan is here to help . Launched Tuesday , Netropolitan bills itself as "  the online country club for people with more money than time . " Seriously . To join , users must pony up $ 9,000 for dues and a membership fee , then another $ 3,000 per year after that . If it all seems like a joke -- an elaborate ruse in an age when Facebook , Twitter and a host of other social networks are free -- the man behind the idea assures you it is not . "  This is 100 % real , and I believe there is a need and an audience for this service , " said James Touchi-Peters , Netropolitan 's founder . Touchi-Peters , 48 , a composer and former conductor of the Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra , said he had trouble finding people to whom he could relate on other social sites . "  I saw a need for an environment where you could talk about the finer things in life without backlash -- an environment where people could share similar likes and experiences , " he said . The hefty initiation fee , he said , "  ensures that our membership remains exclusive , but also private . " Members must be at least 21 years old and must register using their real names . Once in , they may form groups around common interests , but will have access to posts and status updates by all other users . There are no ads , the site is not indexed by search engines , and moderators are active at all times to police bad behavior  like spamming ads for your own business  . Clicking an ever-present button will call up a "  Member Service Associate " to provide help with the site at any time . That 's a nicety that the folks at Netropolitan want to make sure is n't abused by its anticipated clientele , though . "  Please understand that Netropolitan is NOT a concierge service , " the site 's FAQ section reads . "  Our Member Service Associates will not book you a charter jet , or find you tickets to a sold-out Broadway show . They exist solely to help members technically navigate and find their way around the social club . " Touchi-Peters declined to say how big he hopes the site 's user base will grow . It has been seeded with "  a select group of pre-qualified members " and will always be exclusive , he said . And if it all comes off as just so elitist , Touchi-Peters notes that it 's an online , and mobile , idea with plenty of real-word precedent . "  We view Netropolitan.club in the same light as any country club out there , " he said . "  They have initiation fees and yearly dues for members . Netropolitan is an online country club , focused on connecting members around the world . We believe there is a need for a community like this , and we are filling the need . "	New social site , Netropolitan , targets the wealthy The site costs $ 9,000 to join , then $ 3,000 per year It 's founded by James Touchi-Peters , a composer and conductor He says it 's basically an online country club
CNN  -- Marian McPartland , the famed jazz pianist and longtime host of NPR 's "  Piano Jazz " program , died Tuesday , her label confirmed . McPartland was 95 and died of natural causes at her Port Washington , New York , home , Concord Music Group said in a statement . McPartland had a career that spanned more than seven decades in music , first as a piano player in music halls in her native Great Britain during World War II and then in the jazz clubs of the United States . She 's pictured in the classic 1958 Art Kane photograph of jazz musicians that became the basis of the documentary "  A Great Day in Harlem . " "  I 've played jazz as long as I could hear any . And I heard plenty in England before I came over here to America , " she told CNN in 2004 . She also frequently lectured at universities and served as a jazz disc jockey for a New York radio station . But she 's probably best known for her hosting of "  Piano Jazz , " the NPR show that began in 1979 . The show was as gracious and casual as McPartland 's fluid playing . "  It 's so easy to make it a conversation , and you do n't know where it 's going to lead , " McPartland once told NPR . "  The whole thing is so improvised , you really do n't know where it 's going to go . " Her guests included a wide variety of musicians , including Dizzy Gillespie , Sarah Vaughan , Willie Nelson , Bruce Hornsby and Elvis Costello . She earned a number of honors for the show , including a Peabody Award , the Gracie Allen Award from American Women in Radio and Television and a Grammy Trustees Award for lifetime achievement . "  Our culture has lost a national treasure , and jazz music will greatly miss one of its most ardent and beloved supporters , " the Recording Academy , which awards the Grammys , said in a statement . She never stopped recording . Concord credits her with more than 50 albums since 1984 . "  What a truly wonderful and amazing lady , " John Burk , Concord 's chief creative officer , said in a statement . "  We were very lucky to have her in our lives and to be involved in such a great musical legacy . " People we 've lost in 2013	Marian McPartland , host of "  Piano Jazz , " dead at 95 McPartland was an eloquent teacher and gracious host Jazz pianist had a career stretching back to the World War II era
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- On June 8 , 2009 , nearly one year ago , I stood before a judge in North Korea 's Supreme Court and was sentenced to 12 years in one of the country 's notoriously brutal labor camps , also known as death camps . My legs wobbled in fear , and I grabbed the podium in front of me , fearing I would faint . Three months earlier , I was on assignment for Current TV . I was reporting on the trafficking of North Koreans , most of them women , who escape to neighboring China , where they are used and exploited . Following a local guide we 'd hired , my colleague Euna Lee and I did regretfully step foot into North Korean territory for no more than a minute . As we made our way back to China , North Korean soldiers chased us onto Chinese soil and violently dragged us back into North Korea . We were the first Americans tried in North Korea 's highest court . Our sentence , two years for trespassing and 10 for "  hostile " acts , shows where the North Korean government 's real concerns lie . Leery about a negative portrayal of its regime , the North Korean authorities decided the documentary we were making would threaten their government . It was seen as a hostile act meant to weaken or bring down the country . No country on Earth is more paranoid about its image than North Korea , which has maintained its firm grip on power in part because of its ability to indoctrinate its people . North Korea is one of the world 's most closed-off societies , with little known about what goes on inside . Its citizens know little about the outside world . The regime 's mass propaganda machine carefully and consistently disseminates information to the North Korean citizenry extolling the virtues of the communist state and its megalomaniacal "  Dear Leader , " Kim Jong Il . During nearly five months of captivity , I was allowed to watch television in a guard 's area and saw black-and-white movies about the Korean War and the heroic communists defeating their arch-enemy , the United States . Rallies celebrating a recent satellite launch or nuclear test featured North Korean men and women proudly , defiantly waving their fists in the air . I rarely spotted any young adults , or college-aged spectators within the crowds , just older folks who seemed less likely to cause disruptions . With their booming voices , newsreaders listed off the latest achievements made by Kim Jong Il , such as the opening of a chicken-processing factory or the building of a dam . At night , I had to put a pillow over my head to drown out the patriotic anthems sung by the military choir . But beneath all this flag-waving is a different reality . Escapees from North Korea paint a stark picture of a place where human rights do n't exist . The slightest criticism or disrespect paid towards Kim Jong Il could land one in a hard labor camp , where starved and tortured prisoners scavenge for food while performing backbreaking work . When my Current TV colleagues and I were in the northeastern part of China that borders North Korea , we spoke with several defectors who had fled the desperate conditions , seeking food and freedom across the border . While they have been able to get more sustenance in China , freedom has not come as easily . The Chinese government does not regard these defectors as refugees , even though they face certain , brutal punishment if they are sent back to North Korea . A young woman , whom I 'll call Ji-Yong , recounted her escape , braving the rushing waters of the Tumen River that separates North Korea and China . Not knowing how to swim , she nervously made her way across the frigid waters in the dark . She had been told she could find a better life in China and that there would be work opportunities in the computer industry . Instead she was placed in the online sex industry and was forced to undress for clients who watched her via the web . Her boss tied her arms behind her back and locked her in a room to prevent her from escaping . With help from a friend , she was able to get away , but with nowhere to go and no money , she ended up working for another online sex company . She was grateful that her boss treated her humanely and allowed her to go outside for breaks . With tears streaming , smearing her thick black eyeliner , she spoke of how much she missed her mother . Ji-Yong 's story is becoming increasingly common as traffickers prey on vulnerable and scared women from North Korea . Many others are sold like commodities into loveless marriages where they are abused and treated like slaves . North Korean women have no legal status in China , so the children they bear with Chinese husbands also suffer . The Chinese government does not grant these children citizenship ; they must live in the shadows as stateless children with no access to public health care or education . If the mothers are deported , or leave their husbands , the children are often left abandoned and orphaned . During my captivity , I thought about the North Korean defectors who had opened their lives to me . Thinking about their struggles gave me strength to endure . I might have been living the biggest horror of my life , but what I was going through paled in comparison to what North Koreans in their country and in neighboring China have lived through and continue to struggle against today . I am fortunate to be home in America now , where freedom is my birthright . North Koreans are imprisoned . But there is hope . Organizations such as the nonprofit LiNK  Liberty in North Korea  are on the frontlines of raising awareness about the desperate plight of North Korean defectors and helping escapees find refuge in countries where they can begin new lives . LiNK 's campaign "  The Hundred " aims to rescue and resettle 100 North Korean defectors . Their efforts are risky because they must shuttle defectors from secret shelters in various countries across Asia before they can find safe haven in countries such as South Korea or the United States . This video shows North Korean defector , Ki-Won , and his journey to freedom with the help of LiNK . Recently a bill was introduced in Congress by Sam Brownback , R-Kansas in the Senate , and Rep. Ed Royce , R-California , and Diane Watson , D-California , in the House that seeks to address the issue of North Korean orphans and stateless children in China . If passed , the bill will help pave the way for families in the United States to adopt eligible children . In June , I stood before a North Korean judge and expressed my hope that the United States and North Korea might one day establish closer relations . That desire still exists . I also promised that if released , I would never report on the issue of defectors or North Korean human rights abuses again . That is an oath I can not keep as long as the people of North Korea remain silenced . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Laura Ling .	Laura Ling recalls frightening day she was sentenced for entering North Korea During captivity she was forced to watch films praising regime and Kim Jong Il , she says Reality in country is harsh  starvation , no human rights  but fleeing to China barely better Ling : LiNK group and pending federal legislation give hope to North Korean defectors
PRETORIA , South Africa  CNN  -- The United States no longer supports a power-sharing deal between Zimbabwe 's President Robert Mugabe and the country 's main opposition because a viable unity government is not possible with Mugabe in power , a top U.S. diplomat said Sunday . Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe , in a speech to supporters Saturday , refused calls to step down . The statement from U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Jendayi Frazer follows recent calls from President Bush and other world leaders for Mugabe to abandon power amid a growing cholera epidemic that the United Nations says has killed more than 1,000 people in recent months . Frazer visited southern Africa to articulate the change in U.S. policy toward Mugabe at the request of U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice . She made the comments Sunday during a roundtable discussion with journalists in Pretoria , South Africa , before her expected return to the United States later in the day . She called for a new vote in Zimbabwe . "  Fresh elections are necessary but not possible under the current environment , " Frazer told reporters . Zimbabwe has had no Cabinet since the March presidential election , during which no candidate won enough votes to avoid a runoff , according to the government . After opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai withdrew from a June runoff , saying Mugabe 's supporters had waged a campaign of violence against opposition supporters , Tsvangirai and Mugabe reached a power-sharing agreement that has yet to be implemented . The political impasse has aggravated the country 's humanitarian and economic crisis , including a cholera outbreak that began in August . Frazer said that during her trip , she consulted with the leaders of Zimbabwe 's neighbors who are stuck between their concerns about Mugabe 's grip on power and their support of the power-sharing agreement , which they still think is the best way to deal with the crisis without creating a backlash . Frazer said she believes it could be weeks before African leaders put pressure on Mugabe to step down , which she said could be achieved by simply telling him with one voice that he should go . She said the U.N. Security Council will deal with the issue of Zimbabwe next month . This time , she said , South Africa will not be able to block resolutions calling for more sanctions because South Africa will no longer hold a seat on the council in 2009 . Watch what options the international community has in Zimbabwe "  The South African government will be held responsible for what is happening in Zimbabwe because they are the country with the most influence in Zimbabwe than any other in the world , " Frazer said . The Security Council 's recent failure to impose sanctions on Mugabe 's regime drew scoffs from the 84-year-old Mugabe , who has accused Britain -- Zimbabwe 's former colonizer -- of trying to take over the country to get its resources . Tsvangirai said Friday that his party will withdraw from efforts to form a unity government unless 42 party members who have been kidnapped are either released or brought to court to face formal charges by New Year 's Day . Mugabe 's ZANU-PF party and the Movement for Democratic Change , led by Tsvangirai , have failed to implement the September 15 power-sharing deal because they can not agree on who should control key ministries . Under the deal , brokered by former South African President Thabo Mbeki , Mugabe would remain president while Tsvangirai would become Zimbabwe 's prime minister . There had been hope that a unity government would reverse Mugabe 's policies , which are widely blamed for the country 's economic crisis . Mugabe blames economic sanctions imposed by Western nations for Zimbabwe 's economic collapse . Zimbabwe , once the breadbasket of Africa , is now a net importer of food and facing acute shortages of most essentials such as fuel , electricity and medical drugs . Its inflation rate -- the highest in the world -- is officially at 231 million percent . Last week , Zimbabwe 's central bank introduced a $ 10 billion note worth less than 20 U.S. dollars . Mugabe has repeatedly refused calls from Western leaders to step down , most recently telling his supporters late Saturday that he would not follow the U.S. president to his "  political death . " "  They now want to topple the Mugabe government . Mugabe must go because Bush is going , " he said in his address Saturday to his party 's 10th annual conference outside Zimbabwe 's capital , Harare . "  Zimbabweans will refuse that one of their sons must accompany Bush to his political death , " Mugabe said . "  Is it a ritual now that Bush with his political death must be accompanied by some African from Zimbabwe , and that African must be the leader himself , and that leader is Mugabe ? " Mugabe did not mention the cholera epidemic , which his government has said is under control despite the United Nations ' assessment that half the country 's population may be at risk . There are more than 20,000 suspected cases of the water-borne disease in Zimbabwe , and the U.N. said it fears that number will triple by the time the rainy season ends in April . In addition to Bush , the leaders of Britain , France and several African countries have called on Mugabe to abandon power and let a national unity government take over to help prevent the cholera epidemic from spilling across Zimbabwe 's borders .	U.S. diplomat : Zimbabwe power-share deal ca n't work with President Robert Mugabe Power-share deal is stalled because of dispute over control of ministries Zimbabwe faces cholera epidemic , economic crisis Mugabe has resisted international calls for him to step down
CNN  -- Democratic Sen. Barack Obama and Republican Sen. John McCain in August will be on the same stage for the first time in the 2008 presidential campaign . The Rev. Rick Warren says he makes no endorsements because he shepherds "  both sides of the flock . " The Rev. Rick Warren has invited them to appear at a leadership and compassion forum in his Saddleback Church in Lake Forest , California , on August 16 . Warren , the author of the best-selling book "  The Purpose Driven Life " spoke with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer by phone Tuesday from Sao Paulo , Brazil . BLITZER : Pastor Warren , how did you do it ? How did you convince both of them to show up ? PASTOR RICK WARREN , SADDLEBACK CHURCH : Well , Wolf , they 've both been friends for a long time . I knew both John and Barack before either of them decided to run for office , had talked with them . Both of them have helped me in the past with our peace plan and with -- they 've sent messages to Saddleback at some of our conferences . And so I just thought let 's -- you know , I might be the guy to get them together . So , I called them up and said , let 's do it . And they said , well , we 'll do it if you be the only questioner , if you do n't have a forum , do n't have a panel . And if you 'll ask all the questions , then we 'll do it . BLITZER : But they 're not going to be together . They 're going to be separate . These are going to be Pastor Warren and Barack Obama , followed by Pastor Warren and John McCain . But there 's not going to be any interchange between the two of them , is that right ? WARREN : Yes . I 'm going to -- my plan is to bring them out on stage together at the beginning or at the end . But what I want to do is I want to let each of them talk without interrupting each other . And it 's not a debate format . There will be plenty of time for debates . What I want to do is get people to know the real person like I know them without a time barrier and a buzzer and a time for rebuttal . Let them just speak what they need to say . BLITZER : The last time we spoke was right after you invited Barack Obama when he was still running for the Democratic presidential nomination . You got some criticism from a few fellow evangelicals out there . You called him in the interview with me an amazing , an amazing man , Barack Obama . Could you see yourself supporting him for president ? WARREN : Well , I do n't support anybody for president publicly . I never endorse . I never campaign . You know , as a pastor , I do n't really think that 's my role . I have to shepherd both sides of the flock . And I have a church full of Democrats and a church full of Republicans and a church full of independents . So , I think they 're both amazing men . I 've known them for a long time . They 're both very , very different . They have both different theories of government , different theories of leadership , different approaches to life . And I -- what I do is I think , because I know them , I think I can set up an environment that people can actually say , oh , so that 's what that guy 's really like . And I think I can do that for both John and for Barack .	The Rev. Rick Warren will play host to candidates at his church Warren says he 's friends with both and wants people to know them as he does Warren is author of the best-selling book "  The Purpose Driven Life "
London  CNN  -- The body found on Queen Elizabeth II 's estate in Sandringham last week was a 17-year-old who had been missing since August , police said Sunday . DNA tests helped detectives identified the woman as Alisa Dmitrijeva , Norfolk police said in a statement . Police had been offering a Â # 5000 reward for information leading to the missing teen . Police have not said what caused her death , but said detectives are "  investigating the murder . " In interviews with British newspapers last week , her family said they had immigrated from Latvia . Investigators were alerted last Sunday to the human remains , found by a member of the public near the village of Anmer , in the English county of Norfolk . Police are investigating activities that occurred around the site between the end of August and the end of September , Detective Chief Inspector Jes Fry said in a statement . "  We would like to identify people who may have worked in that area or were involved in organizing or running any specific events that may have taken place , " he said . The body had been at the site between one and four months , the Joint Norfolk and Suffolk Major Investigation Team said last week . Sandringham House , at the heart of the rural estate , is where the royal family traditionally gathers to celebrate Christmas . It 's been the private home of four generations of British monarchs since 1862 , and is one of two private residences used by the queen . Part of the estate is a 600-acre country park open to the public . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Police say they are investigating activities at the site last year NEW : DNA tests help detectives identify the victim 17-year-old Alisa Dmitrijeva was reported missing in August , police say
CNN  -- In her first interview since giving birth , the teenage daughter of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin said having a child is not "  glamorous , " and that telling young people to be abstinent is "  not realistic at all . " Bristol Palin says "  everyone should just wait 10 years " to have a baby , rather than when you 're young . "  It 's just , like , I 'm not living for myself anymore . It 's , like , for another person , so it 's different , " Bristol Palin told Fox News ' Greta Van Susteren . "  And just you 're up all night . And it 's not glamorous at all , " she said . "  Like , your whole priorities change after having a baby . " The 18-year-old , who gave birth in late December , said she is being helped tremendously by her mother , grandmother , cousins and other family members . She is engaged to teen father Levi Johnston , who is now working for his father and trying to complete school , but said she wishes that she waited another 10 years to have a baby . It was "  harder than labor " telling her parents she was pregnant . "  Well , we were sitting on the couch , my best friend and Levi , and we had my parents come and sit on the couch , too . And we had my sisters go upstairs , " Bristol said . "  And we just sat them down , and I just -- I could n't even say it . I was just sick to my stomach . "  And so finally , my best friend just , like , blurted it out . And it was just , like -- I do n't even remember it because it was just , like , something I do n't want to remember . " Todd and Sarah Palin were "  scared just because I have to -- I had to grow up a lot faster than they ever would have imagined , " Bristol said . Her parents insisted that she and her boyfriend hash out a "  game plan " immediately . And now her parents and relatives are all pitching in to help take care of the child , particularly when Bristol is at school during the day . Van Susteren was delicate with the teenager but pointedly asked if "  contraception is an issue here . " "  Is that something that you were just lazy about or not interested , or do you have philosophical or religious opposition to it , " Van Susteren asked . Bristol quickly answered that she did n't want to get into specifics . The best option is abstinence , the teen said , but added that she did n't think that was "  realistic . " Watch Bristol Palin say that abstinence is "  not realistic at all " " While her mother was running for vice president , the teenager said her treatment in the media was "  evil . " She said she read some of the tabloids that wrote about her . People did n't understand , she said , and some media reports perpetuated falsehoods about her experience . "  They thought that , like , my mom was going to make me have the baby , and it was my choice to have the baby , " she said . "  And it 's just -- that kind of stuff just bothered me . " Van Susteren asked , "  But this is your issue ? This is your decision ? " Bristol answered yes . "  It  does n't matter what my mom 's views are on it . It was my decision , and I wish people would realize that , too , " she said . The network interview was Bristol 's idea , the teen said . And she apparently sprung the news to her parents that she was going to speak publicly the day before the network taping . The teen said she wanted to tell her story so that other young people might think twice about having sex . "  I 'd love to -LSB- be -RSB- an advocate to prevent teen pregnancy because it 's not , like , a situation that you would want to strive for , I guess , " Bristol said . Gov. Palin made an unexpected appearance during the interview in Alaska , and Van Susteren asked her about her daughter 's pregnancy . "  Not the most ideal situation , certainly you make the most of it , " the governor said . Bristol is a "  strong and bold woman , and she is an amazing mom , " Palin said . "  And this little baby is very lucky to have her as a mama . He 's going to be just fine . "	Bristol Palin said she wishes she had waited 10 years to have a baby 18-year-old is getting a lot of help from family , says baby son is "  awesome " Palin said she 's hoping to encourage young people to wait to have sex
Eccentric basketball star Dennis Rodman 's bizarre outburst about an American citizen jailed in North Korea has drawn widespread criticism , including from the prisoner 's family . Rodman is in North Korea with other former NBA players for a basketball game against a local team that 's due to take place Wednesday , the birthday of the country 's leader Kim Jong Un . Rodman , 52 , who visited North Korea three times previously in the past year , describes Kim as a beloved friend . During an exclusive interview from Pyongyang on Tuesday , he reacted angrily to a question from Chris Cuomo of CNN 's "  New Day " about whether he was planning to ask North Korean leaders about Kenneth Bae , a U.S. citizen who was sentenced to 15 years in a labor camp by North Korea last year on charges he intended to topple the government . Rodman suggested that Bae , a Korean-American whose health has deteriorated during his imprisonment , had done something wrong , but did not specify what . "  Do you understand what he did in this country ? " Rodman asked Cuomo . "  No , no , no , you tell me , you tell me . Why is he held captive here in this country , why ? " "  I would love to speak on this , " Rodman said , before abruptly switching topic to talk about how his fellow basketball players had left their families behind to come to North Korea for the exhibition game . When celebrity meets brutality Prisoner 's family ` appalled ' Bae 's sister , Terri Chung , told Anderson Cooper 360 that Rodman 's comments were shocking and outrageous . Bae , a married father of three , has suffered a series of health problems during his detention and has been transferred from the labor camp to a hospital . His mother , Myunghee Bae , who visited in October , told CNN that her son was a devout Christian who had not understood the system in North Korea . North Korea is officially an atheist state and has said religious activities were among Bae 's offenses . Kenneth Bae 's mother tells of heartbreak Chung said Tuesday she was upset because Rodman did n't use his relationship with Kim to help gain her brother 's release from the hospital . "  He was in a position to do some good and to help advocate for Kenneth , " she said . "  He refused to do so . But then instead he has chosen to hurl these outrageous accusations against Kenneth . He clearly does n't know anything about Kenneth , about his case . And so we were appalled by that . " She said her brother was in North Korea legally working as a tour operator when he was arrested in November 2012 . She said she hoped one of the former basketball players would take a chance to ask for amnesty for him . "  This is n't some game . This is about a person 's life , " she said . Rodman ` crossed a line ' Bill Richardson , a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , also criticized Rodman 's comments , telling CNN he was "  disappointed " by the former NBA star 's performance . "  I think Dennis Rodman crossed a line this morning by implying that Kenneth Bae might be guilty , by suggesting that there was a crime , " said Richardson , who worked to secure the release of an American held in North Korea in 1996 . "  There is no crime . Kenneth Bae is an American detainee that 's been there a year in bad health , who deserves to come home . " Richardson , a former New Mexico governor who has visited North Korea multiple times , said Rodman "  drank a little bit too much of the Kool-Aid from the North Koreans . " Rodman 's comments Tuesday contrast with a request he made on Twitter in May for Kim to "  do me a solid and cut Kenneth Bae loose . " Rodman struck up a friendship with Kim last February , when he first traveled to North Korea with a team of Harlem Globetrotters for an exhibition game that was watched by Kim , who is a basketball fan . He has described his series of trips to North Korea as a "  basketball diplomacy " project . But U.S. government officials have said that they have nothing to do with the visits and that attention should be focused on the brutality of Kim 's regime . White House spokesman Jay Carney noted that Rodman is on a private trip and that the United States has called for North Korea to release Bae . "  Our views about Kenneth Bae have not changed , " he said . "  I did not see some of the comments that Mr. Rodman made , but I am not going to dignify that outburst with a response , " Carney added . "  I am simply going to say that we remain gravely concerned about Kenneth Bae 's health and continue to urge the DPRK authorities to grant his amnesty and immediate release on humanitarian grounds . " Bae from North Korean prison : Please help me ' I love my friend ' In the interview with Cuomo , Rodman defended the visit to North Korea , saying it was a "  great idea for the world . " He became upset when pressed on whether he and the other players should have traveled there , given recent events in the secretive country . The trip takes place weeks after North Korea announced the purge and execution of leader Kim 's once-powerful uncle , Jang Song Thaek . "  I love my friend , " Rodman said in a reference to Kim . "  This is my friend . " He praised his companions ' willingness to visit North Korea . "  You know , you 've got 10 guys here , 10 guys here , that have left their families , they 've left their damn families , to help this country in a sports venture . That 's 10 guys , all these guys here , do anyone understand that ? " "  We do , " responded Cuomo . "  And we appreciate that and we wish them well with cultural exchange . " "  No , no , no , no , " Rodman continued . "  I do n't give a rat 's ass what the hell you think . I 'm saying to you , look at these guys here , look at them ... they dared to do one thing , they came here . " Ready for ` the abuse ' After Rodman 's outburst , fellow player Charles D. Smith tried to calm the discussion , but Rodman carried on . "  You 're the guy behind the mic right now , " he told Cuomo . "  We 're the guys here doing one thing . We have to go back to America and take the abuse . Do you have to take the abuse ? Well , we 're going to take it . " Rodman predicted his efforts and those of his fellow athletes would eventually "  open the door " to North Korean . Smith pointed out that the group comprised not only ex-players , but some 40 other people , including a number of other Americans . Smith defended Rodman , saying the players ' visit was about basketball , not politics . "  We just hope the results are positive , and we think that they 'll be positive , " he said , noting that the Americans had interacted earlier in the day with their North Korean counterparts , talking through an interpreter . North Korea had invited the American players as a kind of "  cultural exchange " and to "  put smiles on people 's faces , " not to influence the country 's leaders , Smith said . "  We are here because it 's about doing great will around the world , " he said . ` We 're not ambassadors ' Smith outlined the charity projects he has been involved in worldwide through his sport , including visiting typhoon victims in Asia . "  We 're doing what we do , we play basketball and that 's what we love to do , " Smith said . "  We did not know that it was going to take this type of a negative spin on what we were doing because we 're not politicians , we 're not ambassadors . We 're here to do what we 've been doing most of our lives . " Smith apologized for "  the storm that has been created by our presence . " But , he added , "  We 're not apologizing for doing what we do ... we 're connecting people to basketball and people to people . " He cautioned against "  playing semantics " when discussing Rodman 's use of the word "  friend " in describing his relationship with Kim . "  It 's an associate , " he said . "  You met someone once , and it 's your friend ... you ca n't meet someone once or twice and take that enduring step . " Smith added that the players were interested only in using basketball as a bridge to cultural exchange . "  None of these guys are here to talk any sense into any politician , " he said . Darren Prince , Rodman 's agent for 16 years , told CNN on Sunday that Kenny Anderson , Cliff Robinson , Vin Baker , Craig Hodges , Doug Christie and Smith would play against the North Korean senior national team . NBA unimpressed The NBA distanced itself Tuesday from Rodman . "  Dennis will be Dennis , but I think there is a lot at stake here in terms of a ... a very dangerous country , " outgoing NBA Commissioner David Stern said on The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . Stern , commissioner for nearly 30 years , said the league has had preliminary discussions in the past with Pyongyang about a cultural exchange but he would n't send any players to North Korea without the OK of the White House . Stern said he believed that these former players agreed to the game for a big payday and did n't think about the political ramifications . He said that the league did n't sanction the trip or collaborate with Rodman 's group . "  Sports diplomacy is a wonderful thing , " he said , mentioning that the NBA has hosted teams from China and Iran . "  But they should be done in a far more dignified fashion than this particular trip is being carried out . " Rodman , NBA old-timers arrive in North Korea North Korea : Reality vs. the world according to Rodman	Sister of American held prisoner says the family is outraged by Rodman "  Do you understand what he did in this country ? " Rodman asks CNN about Kenneth Bae Bill Richardson says Rodman "  crossed a line " in his comments from North Korea The NBA commissioner says he disapproves of the way the trip is being carried out
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A slim majority of Americans think churches should stay out of politics , according to a new survey . John McCain , the Rev. Rick Warren and Barack Obama together for a CNN broadcast forum on faith . The survey suggests that for the first time in more than a decade , there has been a shift away from the view that religious groups should influence social and political issues . Fifty-two percent of poll respondents said churches should stay quiet , while 46 percent said churches should express political views . The biggest shift has come among Republicans , one of the authors of the poll said . "  Overall , the number of people who say churches should not endorse political candidates is up slightly , but among Republicans it is up 11 points , and among white evangelical Republicans it is up 19 points , " said Greg Smith , a research fellow at the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life . "  There is a slight uptick , from 40 percent to 46 percent , among people who are uncomfortable to have politicians talking about religion , but it is up 10 points among Republicans , " he added . Four years ago , seven out of 10 conservatives approved of religious institutions expressing political views . But five out of 10 conservatives in Thursday 's poll said it was appropriate . It seems that the more important social issues are to conservatives , the more likely they were to say that religion and politics should not mix . Among people who said gay marriage was a very important issue , the number saying houses of worship should keep out of politics doubled , from 25 percent to 50 percent . Among those who said it was not important , the number was essentially unchanged . Respondents were also more likely to say houses of worship should not meddle in politics if they considered the major political parties to be hostile to religion . The new figures bring Republican views into line with those of Democrats and independents . A 14-point gap between Republican and Democratic views on the subject in August 2004 fell to one point in the new survey . But Smith cautioned against reading the survey to mean basic conservative philosophy was changing . "  It appears to be frustration with the contemporary political landscape more than an underlying philosophical shift , " he said . "  It is not the case the conservatives are uncomfortable with a political role for religion , but we do see increasing discomfort with churches getting involved with politics . " "  Voting intentions among white evangelicals have not changed at all , " Smith added . Republican candidate Sen. John McCain "  has a huge lead even among younger evangelicals . " But social conservatives are lukewarm about McCain as compared to President Bush . Nearly seven out of 10 white evangelical Protestants and conservatives said they supported McCain ; the number was slightly higher for Bush in August 2004 . But four years ago , 57 percent of them said they backed Bush strongly . The number is 28 percent for McCain this year , with 40 percent saying they backed him , but not strongly . The number of people who think religious groups have too much influence over political parties grew -- for both Republicans and Democrats -- as did the percentage of people who are uncomfortable hearing politicians talk about how religious they are . Americans continue to see the Republican Party as more friendly to religion than the Democrats , although the Democrats closed the gap somewhat since reaching a low point in 2006 . Other survey results showed little change from the past . Two out of three Americans continue to say churches should not endorse candidates for president , and most still feel a president should have strong religious beliefs . The survey was conducted by the Pew Research Center for People & the Press and the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life by interviewing 2,905 adults nationwide by phone between July 31 and August 10 . On Saturday , Obama and McCain answered questions that had religious overtones at a forum hosted by the Rev. Rick Warren . The pastor of Southern California 's Saddleback Church is author of the best-selling book "  The Purpose-Driven Life . " Asked when life begins , McCain was quick to say "  at the moment of conception . " McCain 's response was met with huge applause from the audience . "  I have a 25-year pro-life record in the Congress , in the Senate , and as president of the United States , I will be a pro-life president , and this presidency will have pro-life policies , " he said . When Obama was asked about when life begins , the pro-choice candidate said that decision is "  above my pay grade . " The response garnered criticism from liberal and conservative thinkers who said Obama tried to dodge the issue . Obama said although he 's pro-choice and supports a woman 's right to abortion , his goal is to reduce the number of abortions in America . "  On this particular issue , if you believe that life begins at conception ... and you are consistent , then I ca n't argue with you on that , " he said . "  What I can do is say , ` Are there ways we can work together to reduce the number of unwanted pregnancies ? ' "	Survey : Republicans change view more than others on church and politics Small majority of Americans think churches should n't endorse candidates Researcher : Survey does n't mean basic conservative philosophy is changing
MUMBAI , India  CNN  -- The lawyer for the main suspect in last year 's deadly terrorist attack in Mumbai was removed Wednesday , delaying the high-profile trial that was set to begin . Soldiers patrol in Mumbai on the eve of the trial of a key suspect in last year 's attacks in the Indian city . The trial start for Mohammed Ajmal Kasab , 21 , is expected to be moved to Thursday as officials scramble to settle the lawyer issue . Kasab is thought to be the only one of 10 gunmen to survive the three-day siege , which killed more than 160 people in November . As the trial was to begin , the judge removed attorney Anjali Waghmare because she also was representing a witness in the case . Waghmare argued that she had no idea that the person was a witness in the terror case , and she was representing this person in a different case . But the judge declared that it was a conflict of interest . An Indian court appointed Waghmare two weeks ago to represent Kasab , and it was unclear who would replace her . Kasab demanded that his attorney be replaced with a Pakistani lawyer . But the judge denied that request and said that a Pakistani lawyer may be able to be brought in as a consultant from outside the courtroom . Kasab , a Pakistani national , faces more than a dozen charges , including murder , conspiracy to wage a war against the nation and terrorism . During the proceedings Wednesday Kasab seemed relaxed and smiled many time at the large crowd of journalists in the courtroom . Kasab also requested newspapers to be brought in so that he could see what the media was writing about him . Prosecutors last month accused him of trying to delay the trial by insisting that the 11,000-page document detailing the charges against him -- which was written in English and the local Marathi language -- be translated into Urdu , the official language of Pakistan . The court rejected his request . Wednesday 's trial was to take place in a makeshift court set up in a jail where Kasab -- who has been communicating with the judge via videolink -- is being held . Indian authorities have long blamed the Mumbai attacks on Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , a Pakistan-based militant outfit , but the group has denied responsibility . The violence initially heightened tensions between the two nuclear states . India has urged Pakistan to destroy what it calls terrorist infrastructure in that country . The two nations are longtime rivals that have fought three wars since their independence from the British , and conducted countering nuclear weapons tests in 1998 . CNN 's Sara Sidner contributed to this report .	Main suspect 's lawyer removed as she represents a witness in the case Trial was to start Wednesday , unclear when court proceedings will resume Mohammed Ajmal Kasab , 21 , is accused of being the only gunmen to survive siege The November siege targeted victims at Mumbai hotels , hospitals , railway stations
CNN  -- Women 's world number one Victoria Azarenka is through to the third round of the Miami Masters , extending her winning run in 2012 to 24 matches after beating Michaella Krajicek of the Netherlands in straight sets . Azarenka has already won four tournaments in an astonishing start to the year and the Belarusian was expected to brush past her 71st-ranked opponent . But Krajicek had other ideas , battling all the way before Azarenka 's superior quality finally told in a 6-3 7-5 victory that took one hour and 42 minutes . However , there were plenty of shock results elsewhere in the women 's draw , with ninth seed Vera Zvonareva the biggest casualty , the Russian going down 6-4 6-3 to Spanish wild card Garbine Muguruza Blanco . Also departing the tournament are 18th seed Angelique Kerber , Lucie Safarova  27  , Kaia Kanepi  31  and Nadia Petrova  32  , who all lost in straight sets , while Monica Niculescu  28  was beaten in three . But 15th seed Ana Ivanovic is through after seeing off American Vania King 6-4 7-5 , while fifth seed Agnieszka Radwanska , 16th seed Dominika Cibulkova and 22nd seed Maria Kirilenko also advanced in straight sets . They were joined in the last 32 by Italian Flavia Pennetta , but the 24th seed was taken to three sets by Lourdes Dominguez Lino of Spain before prevailing . Meanwhile , in the men 's draw , fourth seed Andy Murray secured his place in the last 32 with a routine 6-2 6-3 win over Alejandro Falla . The Briton 's 76-minute victory ended a losing run on the Florida hardcourts which had seen him beaten in his opening matches in both 2010 and 2011 . There were also straight sets win for seeds Jo-Wilfried Tsonga  6  , Janko Tipsarevic  9  , Gilles Simon  13  , Alexander Dolgopolov  18  , Florian Mayer  19  and Philipp Kohlschreiber  32  , while 22nd-seeded Austrian Jurgen Melzer went through in three sets .	Women 's No. 1 Victoria Azarenka moves through to the third round of the Miami Masters Azarenka beats Michaella Krajicek in straight sets to win her 24th match in a row in 2012 Andy Murray , Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Janko Tipsarevic all go through in the men 's section
CNN  -- The flagging economy has been the clear-cut No. 1 issue for this year 's presidential race . But some other concerns are just timeless . "  Do n't underestimate the pull of safety and security in the minds of American voters , " said Candy Crowley , host of CNN 's "  State of the Union " and moderator of last week 's presidential debate . "  There is no issue closer to home and hearth than the safety and security of your family . That is the most basic question the federal government has to answer . " President Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney face off Monday night in the last of the three presidential debates , and they will be looking to convince voters that they can protect America and American interests abroad better than their opponent . Foreign policy will be the focus in Boca Raton , Florida , and there is plenty to talk about . There 's an ongoing war in Afghanistan , civil war in Syria and a tense standoff between Iran and Israel . Terrorism is still an issue , as evidenced by the recent embassy attack in Libya . And then there is a perceived threat from China . Whoever wins this election will have to make decisions on all of these global issues -- issues that might affect you personally . Here 's a look at these likely debate topics and what 's at stake for Americans . Afghanistan : Will the war really be over soon ? Obama has promised to withdraw combat troops in Afghanistan by the end of 2014 , 13 years after the war began . Romney has said he would generally abide by the deadline , although he said he would solicit the advice of military commanders first . The plan , already under way , is to withdraw troops while gradually handing over power to Afghan forces . But the feasibility of that plan is being questioned after some recent setbacks , including a rise in "  green-on-blue " insider attacks . "  Insider attacks are particularly worrying because they call into question the most critical pillar of the Obama administration 's Afghanistan strategy , which is to train and build a capable and credible Afghan force that can maintain security and prevent the return of the Taliban and al Qaeda after foreign troops ' departure in two years , " said Ahmad Majidyar , a senior research associate at the conservative think tank American Enterprise Institute . "  Training and mentoring requires close partnership and is impossible without trust . " 5 things to watch in tonight 's debate Will Afghanistan be ready by the end of 2014 ? Or will more U.S. troops be needed longer to oversee security and ensure a successful handoff ? Polls have shown that most Americans are tired of the war . A CNN/ORC International survey from March indicated that only 25 % of Americans favored the war , and 55 % said the U.S. should remove all of its troops before 2014 . "  We can not fight wars by polls , " Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said in response . "  If we do that we 're in deep trouble . We have to operate based on what we believe is the best strategy to achieve the mission that we are embarked on . And the mission here is to safeguard our country by ensuring that the Taliban and al Qaeda never again find a safe haven in Afghanistan . " Iran : Are we nearing the ` red line ' ? While the U.S. tries to end one war , it is trying to prevent another . There are fears that Israel might stage a pre-emptive attack on Iran 's nuclear facilities , drawing the U.S. into conflict . Or that the U.S. might be the one to attack to protect its ally Israel . Iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes , but Israel and many Western leaders believe Iran is trying to build atomic weapons . At the U.N. General Assembly last month , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said : "  It 's not a question of whether Iran will get the bomb . The question is at what stage can we stop Iran from getting the bomb . " This "  red line " is under dispute . Experts and policymakers differ about the time Iran would need to develop a nuclear weapon . But the clock is ticking . 13 reasons to watch the last debate on CNN 's platforms and nowhere else "  America wants to resolve this issue through diplomacy , and we believe that there is still time and space to do so , " Obama said . "  But that time is not unlimited . "  Make no mistake , a nuclear-armed Iran is not a challenge that can be contained . " Romney agrees , although his red line might be sooner than Obama 's . Israel is also taking a much more urgent approach . "  Just imagine Iranian aggression with nuclear weapons , " Netanyahu said at the U.N. "  Who among you would feel safe in the Middle East ? Who would be safe in Europe ? Who would be safe in America ? Who would be safe anywhere ? " Syria : Should America step in ? The Arab Spring has seen dictators fall as fledgling democracies try to find their feet , but one country , Syria , is still mired in civil war . Every day , there are more reports of bloodshed and the humanitarian crisis worsens . Thousands of Syrians are dead , and more than a million people have been displaced as rebels battle the regime of President Bashar al-Assad . "  Americans are understandably reluctant to become embroiled in another war in the Middle East , but as the situation in Syria continues to deteriorate , the costs of standing on the sidelines -- in terms of human tragedy , regional instability , and rising extremism -- are growing , " said Isobel Coleman , a senior fellow for U.S. foreign policy at the Council on Foreign Relations . "  At what point does your cost-benefit calculation tip toward greater U.S. intervention ? " Syria 's key role in the heart of the Middle East means there might be long-term geopolitical consequences at stake . CNN/Google Campaign Explorer : Ads , money and travel Many analysts see the conflict as a proxy war between Iran and its Sunni Arab rivals in the region , between Iran and the United States , and even between the United States and Russia . There are also concerns that Syria could devolve , like Iraq once did , into a bloody , sectarian battle that could further destabilize the region . And any time you talk about instability in the Middle East , there are worries about al Qaeda and other hard-line militants filling any power vacuums or failed states . One thing 's clear , says CNN 's Fareed Zakaria : Syria 's neighbors are getting worried . "  Syria 's problems will not stay confined to Syria , " he said . "  Syria is a multi-sectarian society with shared identities with groups in other countries . As a result , the sectarian tensions that are being unleashed there are also spilling over from Syria 's borders . " Terrorism : Bin Laden 's dead . Now what ? Osama bin Laden was killed on President Obama 's watch , and al Qaeda 's been significantly weakened over the past decade . But last month 's attack at the U.S. Embassy in Libya -- an attack that killed four Americans , including U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens -- shows that terrorists can still pose a threat . Obama has been criticized for security failings at the embassy and for not having enough intelligence about the attack , especially in the immediate aftermath . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich said the tragedy reflects the president 's foreign policy failings . "  If we ca n't figure out what went on in a relatively open city in a country we had helped liberate , why do we think we know what 's going on with Iran 's nuclear program ? " the former House speaker said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Romney 's new debate strategy Obama has taken an aggressive approach to pursuing al Qaeda terrorists abroad , and he 's authorized six times as many drone strikes as his predecessor , according to CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen . But will voters see the Benghazi attack as an indictment of his anti-terrorism efforts ? Or will they consider it a tragic exception ? China : A different kind of threat China has been accused of anti-competitive trade practices that are undercutting U.S. industries and handicapping the American economy . "  One of the ways they do n't play by the rules is artificially holding down the value of their currency , " Romney said last week . "  China has been a currency manipulator for years and years and years . " By keeping the value of its yuan low compared to the dollar , China makes its goods cheaper  and more attractive  to American consumers while U.S. goods are more expensive to Chinese consumers . That , of course , directly impacts American businesses and jobs . Obama has been applying pressure behind the scenes , said Adam Hersh , an economist at the Center for American Progress Action Fund , and China has raised its exchange rate nearly 8 % from 2010 to April 2012 . Other economists , however , think the yuan is still undervalued . Another way China directly the U.S. is that it is one of America 's leading creditors . There is concern that because China owns so much U.S. debt , it might hold too much sway over what the U.S. wants to do in the future . CNN Electoral Map : The Race to 270 "  A nation with our current levels of unsustainable debt ... can not hope to sustain for very long its superiority from a military perspective , or its influence in world affairs , " Adm. Michael Mullen , former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said last month . A recent poll shows that the public is divided about what to do about China . Should the U.S. be tougher on Beijing or try to build a stronger relationship ? But a large majority in the poll say the U.S. debt with China is a very serious problem , as is the loss of U.S. jobs to China and the U.S. trade deficit with China . So even if tonight 's debate is about foreign policy , expect the economy to make a cameo . 7 foreign policy questions you would ask CNN 's Jamie Crawford , Peter Hamby , Ashley Killough and Paul Steinhauser , and CNNMoney 's Jeanne Sahadi , contributed to this report .	Foreign policy is the focus of the third and last presidential debate Monday night Safety , security have always been important issues to the American public Decisions on Afghanistan , Iran , Syria might have a major impact on the military China 's policies are having a direct effect on U.S. economy , jobs
CareerBuilder.com  -- Entry-level jobs are most workers ' first forays into the professional world . Few of us went from unemployed to high-ranking employee overnight . In fact , unless your family name is displayed on a skyscraper , an entry-level job is unavoidable . Although employers decide which positions in their organizations are entry-level , they usually define them as jobs requiring two years of experience or less . These positions can come with various education requirements , ranging from some schooling up to completion of a bachelor 's degree , depending on the industry . In their book "  200 Best Jobs for College Graduates , 4th Edition , " Laurence Shatkin and Michael Farr list some of the best entry-level jobs available . Shatkin and Farr looked for jobs with a high concentration of workers between 20 and 24 years old . They looked beyond what the starting salaries are and sought careers that have potential for growth and higher salaries in the future . Of course , entry-level jobs are n't merely for the early 20-somethings , so do n't think the list ca n't apply to you if you 're outside of that age range . For example , many workers are switching careers in this economy because their industry is n't thriving . Many veteran workers realize that they 've spent years in the wrong field , return to school , get a degree and find themselves starting over again . Some say companies discriminate against laid-off workers For anyone looking for an entry-level position , we wanted to make your search a little easier . We took some of the best entry-level jobs , according to Shatkin and Farr , and determined where the best salaries are offered , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . Here are eight entry-level jobs with high earning potential , their average beginning salaries and the areas that offer the best long-term pay . Computer hardware engineers - $ 48,750 Missouri New York California Washington , D.C. Massachusetts Actuaries - $ 48,750 New Mexico Pennsylvania Indiana Colorado Delaware Sales agents , securities and commodities - $ 30,890 Connecticut New York Tennessee Massachusetts Washington , D.C. Network systems and data communications analysts - $ 40,100 New Jersey Virginia Minnesota Maryland Washington Agents and business managers of artists , performers and athletes - $ 30,780 New York Massachusetts Tennessee California Nevada Logisticians - $ 38,280 Washington , D.C. New Jersey Maryland Massachusetts Alabama Chemists - $ 36,810 Washington , D.C. Maryland Delaware New Hampshire Massachusetts Market research analysts - $ 33,310 Washington Delaware Massachusetts New Jersey California	Authors narrow down which cities offer best pay for the best entry-level jobs Laurence Shatkin and Michael Farr have 4th edition of 200 Best Jobs for College Graduates Network system analysts : New Jersey , Virginia , Minnesota , Maryland , Washington Market research analysts : Washington , Delaware , Massachusetts , New Jersey , California
Paris  CNN  -- Two French soldiers died and a third was critically injured after being shot by a black-clad man wearing a motorcycle helmet in the southwestern French city of Montauban , the French Defense Ministry said Thursday . The defense ministry corrected its earlier report that all three soldiers had died . "  The last one is not dead , but he is in a very bad state , " said ministry spokeswoman Natalie Neveu . The third soldier was hospitalized in Toulouse , she said . Two of the soldiers , aged 24 and 26 , died at the scene of the shooting , officials said earlier . The three soldiers were at a commercial center when the man approached them , pulled a gun and started firing , city police commander Charles Cauquil told CNN . The police and army were seeking the shooter , who fled the scene after the attack . The three soldiers belonged to the 17th parachute regiment stationed in Montauban , a Defense Ministry spokesman said . The judiciary police in Toulouse were investigating the shooting , Cauquil said . Montauban , capital of the Tarn-et-Garonne area , is about 50 kilometers  31 miles  from Toulouse . CNN 's Per Nyberg , Stephanie Halasz , Pierre Meilhan and Dheepthi Namasivayam contributed to this report .	NEW : French Defense Ministry corrects earlier report that all three soldiers died NEW : The third soldier is "  in a very bad state , " ministry spokeswoman says A man wearing a motorbike helmet fired at the three soldiers , police say Authorities are hunting the shooter , who fled the scene in Montauban , France
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Two UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters collided Saturday night while landing in northern Baghdad , killing one Iraqi soldier , a U.S. military spokesman said . Two UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters , similar to this , crashed Saturday in northern Baghdad , the U.S. military says . Two U.S. troops and two Iraqi soldiers were injured , said military spokesman Lt. Patrick Evans . Enemy fire is not suspected , he said . However , two Interior Ministry officials said that a U.S. helicopter crashed in northeastern Baghdad as a result of clashes between U.S.-backed Iraqi forces and gunmen . The Iraqi officials said the area was sealed off , so they did not know casualty figures . One Iraqi official said the gunfight continued late into the night . U.S. officials said they did not know how many people were onboard . The crash occurred at Combat Outpost Ford in Adhamiya , a northern Baghdad neighborhood on the eastern bank of the Tigris River , the U.S. spokesman said . An Iraqi official said the helicopter went down in Talbiya , a stronghold of Shiite militia .	Two Blackhawk helicopters crashed while landing in Baghdad , U.S. military says Iraqi soldier killed ; coalition soldiers , Iraqi troops are among the injured Interior Ministry officials say one helicopter crashed during military clashes
Oprah.com  -- Every biologist , botanist , and zoologist will tell you the same thing : Nature loves variety . People may fear it , and some religious or political groups may hate it -- but Nature loves it . The desert grassland whiptail  Aspidoscelis uniparens  forms female pairs . And these female couples reproduce ... successfully . The anglerfish female is spiny , ugly , and so much bigger than the male that most humans do n't even see him : the tiny little glob attached to the lady anglerfish by his teeth . She feeds him and after a while , he loses his eyeballs and she takes his sperm . Normal , among anglerfish . And do n't get me started on the saddleback tamarins , monkeys whose families are composed of mother , father , offspring , and an "  extra father " serving as mother 's lover and nursemaid for the baby tamarin .  It 's called cooperative polyandry , and if you 're rushing to get to work while trying to feed the baby applesauce and keep it off your sweater , the life of a tamarin does n't sound too bad . It may be that people are finally getting the idea . After years of pretending that Ozzie and Harriet 's "  nuclear family "  what an expression !  was the norm , we seem to have noticed that it was only ever really widespread among the upper middle class or in parts of the country so isolated and wild that not even mothers-in-law came to call . That vision had its brief and waxily shining moment , for a small portion of the population , for a very little while  by 1980 , more women worked outside the home than did n't  . For the rest of us , we realize more every day that each branch and twig of love that can be put to use to support our families , whether sprawling and far-flung or tiny and barely afloat , is necessary . Oprah.com : The 4 most annoying things I love about my family ... Love is not love Which alters when it alteration finds , Or bends with the remover to remove : O no ! it is an ever-fixed mark That looks on tempests and is never shaken ... I used to think that Shakespeare 's Sonnet 116 was about romantic love . I used to think that romantic love was the only kind that caused fireworks of the heart and deserved serious attention . Then I had children . I nursed people who were dying . I stood under the chuppah with my stepson 's mother , at his wedding . Always elegant , always mischievous , she leaned toward me and whispered , "  Oooh , they 're all thinking , look how those two get along . " And even if people did n't think that  I 'm pretty sure they were admiring the handsome groom and beautiful bride and not the two nutty ladies chuckling in the corner  , it was gratifying that in addition to this payoff for decency , there was even the glint of genuine affection . And my ex-husband 's father threw an arm over my husband 's shoulder as they strolled beneath the twinkling lights , discussing hockey 's greatest moments . Oprah.com : 9 great ways to connect with your world It turns out that , if you believe in love , there are an awful lot of people to love . I do n't mean just that you have the opportunity to love them , I mean that you 'd better love them , even if your history with them is not so happy , even if they piss you off , even if they 're practically strangers . My love for my children means that I have to love their father , too . I do n't have to wish we were still married to each other , I do n't have to be his wingman when he 's single or his best man when he 's marrying , but I do have to find a way to love him , because he is a good man , and a loving father , and he is still part of my family ... and now so is his partner . My mother 's love for me meant that even as she was mourning the end of my long relationship with someone she loved , at a time in her life when she was frail and tired and wanted nothing more than routine and comfort , she welcomed my future husband as if she 'd been waiting for him and she welcomed his mother , too , happy for there to be more . Oprah.com : What happily ever after really looks like As the world gets bigger , families need to expand . Two mommies not only rely on the usual cadre of pals and relatives that all lucky people do , they are wise to attach a couple of necessary and loving male figures . The two dads often do the same , and every single parent I know has managed , through love and bribery and persistence , to create a network  and a safety net  for their small basic unit . This seems like a good thing , for all of us . For those of us in the more conventional units , these others who go out and forage for family are excellent role models , and sooner or later we would be wise to imitate them . Instead of lonely widows in condos , would n't a lot of us be happier four to a house , taking our chances on Susan 's coq au vin and Thursday night poker ? Might n't the single mothers and four children be better off sharing a place , chipping in from two salaries for an au pair ? It sounds practical , which it is , but it is also about love . Our capacity to love is not limited ; time is a constraint and so is energy , but love that makes your life better gives you more of what you need . Old-fashioned  whatever that is  , or brand-new  to us  , there is no kind of love and no kind of family we should ever turn our back on . Friends creating a household , people joining forces to care for elderly parents , single parents creating a little village , single men and women finding some passionate attachment to others , whether romantic or platonic : Let 's throw open the doors in our lives to a variety of families , and gather up the whole beautiful , variegated bouquet of them . Oprah.com : 10 questions that have no right to go away Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2010 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Amy Bloom describes the many looks that real love can have The Ozzie and Harriet model suits some families , but the anglerfish and tamarin way works too "  There is no kind of love and no kind of family we should ever turn our back on , " Bloom says
La Paz , Bolivia  CNN  -- Bolivian President Evo Morales on Thursday defended his decision to end fuel subsidies , a move that caused gasoline and diesel prices to spike and has led to protests in major cities since it was announced over the weekend . The country 's subsidies led to an artificially low price for diesel and gasoline , which resulted in widespread smuggling of those products to neighboring countries , where smugglers sold it for a profit , Morales told CNN en Español . "  There 's a tremendous amount of smuggling  to Peru and Brazil  and the state loses . " For example , Bolivia will spend $ 660 million this year importing fuel , of which $ 380 million will have been subsidized by the government , he said . Of that , he said , $ 150 million will have been siphoned out of the country through contraband sales of the gasoline and diesel in neighboring countries , where the price is higher . "  For a small country like Bolivia , that 's a lot of change , " he said . Morales ' remarks came a day after he attempted to explain the move in a nationally televised address . Though the initial price shock may seem high , the average Bolivian will benefit from the move , he said . Money saved under the new policy will be plowed back into the economy , with 20 percent increases in the minimum wage and spending in education , health , and security , he said . "  Our policies are always to favor the poor people , " said Morales , the nation 's first indigenous president . For those people who will not be helped by the salary increases , he said , "  the only way  to help them  is to create new jobs . " He acknowledged that transportation costs in some areas have doubled since Sunday , when his government announced he was ending the subsidies , but blamed unscrupulous Bolivians for the increases . "  Evidently , there are some people in transportation who take advantage of this situation and increase their fares by 100 percent , " said the president . Government studies indicate that public transportation fares should have increased by no more than 30 percent , he said . In El Alto , hundreds of people -- most of them young -- gathered outside government buildings , breaking windows and dismantling a protective fence in front of one . In the afternoon , demonstrators broke windows at the mayor 's office , pelted cars whose drivers dared drive in the area , and set parked cars afire . In Santa Cruz , hundreds of demonstrators broke into one government building and hauled files from the offices to the street , where they set them ablaze . In some areas , demonstrators blocked traffic for brief periods until they were dispersed by police . Once the police had left , they would do it again , according to a reporter for ATB Bolivia . Asked about protests in the streets of major cities like La Paz , the capital , Morales questioned the use of the word "  massive " to describe them . "  The information I have is some 5,000 Bolivians " have demonstrated . He suggested that his opposition was mobilizing the protests for political gain . "  This will stabilize , " he said . "  I have a lot of faith . " Morales also said his government will seek to counter the impact of the price increases by investing $ 300,000 per rural municipality across Bolivia to spur economic growth through the creation of infrastructure projects with an emphasis on irrigation . Gasoline prices rose by as much as 73 percent and diesel by 83 percent Monday . Subsidies had kept the price of gasoline at about 50 cents per liter  $ 1.88 per gallon  . By comparison , neighboring Peru sells gasoline at $ 1 per liter and Brazil at $ 1.58 per liter . The president of the Confederation of Private Business People , Daniel Sanchez Solis , disputed Morales ' assertion that the business sector had orchestrated the demonstrations . "  He 's badly informed , " Sanchez told CNNE . "  He is attacking the private sector , which is the sector that has shown responsibility . " For example , he said , the Association of Banks , which is a member of his organization , calmed rumors Wednesday of an imminent financial crisis that could have led to a run on the nation 's banks . Sanchez added that the vast majority of employees in the country will not be affected by Morales ' 20 percent wage increase , and he worried aloud that the move would result instead in higher inflation . "  The invisible hand of the market has returned to the country , " he said . "  The free market . " Sanchez said he was not opposed to raising the price of petroleum products , but he criticized what he said was Morales ' failure to consult with other sectors prior to acting . "  Why not build among all of us a productive policy ? " he asked . "  We want to build a country . We want to participate . " CNN 's Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	President Evo Morales : Under the policy of subsidies , smuggling was rampant He says $ 150 million has been siphoned out of the country by smugglers Morales predicts calm will return and Bolivians will benefit from the revenue Business rep rejects Morales ' claim that the business sector is behind protests
CNN  -- Natalee Holloway 's family may soon learn whether a jawbone found on an Aruban beach last week belongs to the 18-year-old teen , who disappeared five years ago . Investigators are first trying to determine whether the bone is that of an animal or human . If the bone is human , authorities will then attempt to find out through DNA testing whether it belongs to Holloway , who was last seen on the island in 2005 . The results of the testing , which is being carried out by the Netherlands Forensic Institute in The Hague , Netherlands , may be available Friday . Holloway 's dental records were sent to the forensic institute on Wednesday , the FBI said . "  We provided her dental records to the Dutch authorities . They were sent electronically , " said FBI spokesman Paul Daymond . The information-sharing is "  what we do , nothing out of the ordinary , " he said . The Holloway family had told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " that the records were sent to The Hague . The length of testing can vary , but normally takes about a week , according to a representative of the institute . The findings will be sent back to the prosecutor 's office in Aruba , which will decide whether to make the results public . Part of a jawbone with a tooth was found a week ago by an American tourist near the Phoenix Hotel , a large resort on the western side of the island , Aruban prosecutor Peter Blanken said . Contacted by CNN , the hotel referred questions to local authorities . The prosecutor said the bone was initially examined by a forensic expert in Aruba , who determined the bone was from a young woman . But Blanken cautioned the final determination would be made by the forensic institute in the Netherlands . Holloway was 18 when she was last seen in the early hours of May 30 , 2005 , leaving an Oranjestad , Aruba , nightclub with Joran van der Sloot and two other men . She was visiting the island with about 100 classmates to celebrate their graduation from Mountain Brook High School in suburban Birmingham , Alabama . Van der Sloot was detained twice in connection with Holloway 's disappearance but never charged . He is now awaiting trial in Lima , Peru , on a murder charge in the death of Peruvian student Stephany Flores . Her body was found in May in a hotel room registered to van der Sloot . The two were seen entering the room on a surveillance camera . Van der Sloot , 23 , is also charged with wire fraud and extortion in Alabama for allegedly attempting to extort more than $ 250,000 from Holloway 's family in return for disclosing the location of her body . HLN 's Rupa Mikkilineni , CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Laura Perez Maestro , Brian Walker and CNN Radio 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	Natalee Holloway 's dental records are sent to the Hague this week An initial test indicates the bone belongs to a young woman , the prosecutor says If the bone is human in a second evaluation , DNA testing will be conducted The jawbone was found near an Aruban hotel
Cairo  CNN  -- The Egyptian army and police are cracking down in an "  anti-terror " operation in the Sinai area of Egypt , state-owned media reported on Tuesday , as reports emerge of Osama bin Laden 's doctor surfacing in the area . Police said they found hand grenades , machine guns , rocket-propelled grenades and ammunition in the operation that targets Sinai "  terror cells " suspected in attacks on a gas pipeline to Israel and a police station in the border town of el-Arish . One person was killed and 12 were arrested on Monday , the first day of the operation , said Hazem al-Maadawi , a police officer involved in the offensive . Citing an unnamed security official , state news agency EgyNews said authorities are targeting 15 more people who participated in attacks at an el-Arish police station -- some of whom are members of the extremist Jaish el-Islam group , which is affiliated with al Qaeda . The crackdown comes amid new developments on the whereabouts of a bin Laden associate . Ramzi Mahmoud Al Mowafi , the doctor of the late al Qaeda leader , escaped from a Cairo prison during the Egyptian revolution earlier this year and has resurfaced in the country 's North Sinai area , an official said . "  Al Mowafi , also known among his fellow Jihadists as the ` chemist , ' escaped from a maximum security prison in Cairo on January 30 while serving a life sentence , " Maj. Yaser Atia from Egyptian General Security told CNN Monday . According to prison records , Al Mowafi was sentenced to life for a "  military case " -- but more details were not immediately known . Bin Laden 's longtime personal doctor and an explosives expert , Al Mowafi was born in Egypt in 1952 . He left for Afghanistan to join al Qaeda , according to the data listed in his prison records . "  Al Mowafi was seen in Sinai by several Jihadist  s  according to witness testimonials , " Gen. Sameh Seif Al Yezen said . "  I know he is very dangerous and that he had set up his own laboratory in Tora Bora with bin Laden . A full report will be published on this matter in the upcoming week . " A general in Egypt 's intelligence service , who did not want to be identified because he is not authorized to speak with the media , told CNN that "  Al Mowafi surfaced in el-Arish and communicated with several ` terrorists ' from the Egyptian Takfir wal-Hijra and the Palestinian Islamic Army . " Takfir wal-Hijra is a militant Islamist group . The general added , "  Al Qaeda is present in Sinai , mainly in the area of Sakaska close to Rafah . " For neighboring Israel , the lack of state authority in Sinai is becoming a source of anxiety . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told a Knesset committee recently that Egypt was having difficulty exercising its sovereignty over Sinai . "  What 's happening in Sinai is that global terrorist organizations are meddling there and their presence is increasing because of the connection between Sinai and Gaza , " Netanyahu said . Since the beginning of the revolution , the gas pipeline running through el-Arish used to export gas to Israel has been bombed five times by unidentified men . Several police officers were kidnapped and killed in recent months , but no group has claimed responsibility for the attacks . On July 29 , several dozen people were demonstrating outside the al Nasr mosque in el-Arish after Friday prayers . Mohamed Mahmoud , who was among the protesters , recalled what happened that day . "  The Takfiris stormed in by the hundreds mounted on pickup trucks and motorcycles waving black flags , a symbol of Jihad , " he told CNN from a safe house not far from el-Arish . "  The militants were heavily armed with machine guns , hand grenades and rocked-propelled grenades . " The head of security in North Sinai , Gen. Saleh al Masry , told CNN that Takfir-wal-Higra had become active during the revolution that led to the ouster of President Hosni Mubarak . "  The terrorists were joined by members of Palestinian factions , and they are currently being questioned by military intelligence . We arrested 12 assailants , including three Palestinians , " al Masry said . "  The investigation resulted in troubling information . Al Qaeda has been funding and recruiting cells in Sinai including members of the Takfir wal-Hijra joined by Palestinians from the Islamic Army , " Atia said . Bedouin smugglers who control the majority of underground tunnels into Gaza were not happy to learn that Palestinians were among the attackers . Mohamed Younis , one of the tunnel operators , told CNN , "  I charge $ 50 to smuggle them in for trade purposes in coordination with Hamas on the other side . After the attack we have banned any Palestinians from coming through . We are trying to bring peace to the area and do n't need trouble . " Gen. Abdel Wahab , the governor of North Sinai , confirmed that a flier titled "  Al Qaeda Sinai Branch " circulated outside a mosque in el-Arish on Wednesday . The document called for an Islamic state in Sinai and announced that the group was planning attacks on the police stations and security forces last Friday . The Egyptian military presence in the demilitarized zone in Sinai under the Camp David Agreement signed in 1978 between Egypt and Israel raises many questions . "  Under the accords of the agreements , parties may increase forces in the restricted zones if there is national threat with the coordination among both parties . In this case Israel was informed and the forces will remain there for a time agreed upon by both countries , that may be also extended until the situation is dealt with , " said Al Yezen , a military analyst . "  This operation serves the interest of Israel too and ensures the safety of its borders , " he added . CNN 's Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	NEW : Israel 's Netanyahu says terrorists are meddling in Sinai Official : Witnesses report seeing bin Laden 's doctor in Sinai Authorities are conducting an "  anti-terror " operation in the same area General : "  Al Qaeda is present in Sinai "
CNN  -- English Premier League stars have been warned about making controversial comments on Twitter and through other social media . The English Football Association  FA  outlined its policy Sunday , ruling that tweets , blogs and entries on Facebook were in the public domain and that players should exercise caution . The FA 's stance follows its decision to fine former Liverpool forward Ryan Babel in January for comments made about referee Howard Webb on Twitter , where he posted a mock-up picture of the official in a Manchester United shirt . Arsenal 's Jack Wilshere also nearly landed in hot water after complaining of "  inconsistent refereeing " as his side threw away a four-goal lead at Newcastle last weekend . Has Rooney joined football 's immortals ? The FA made it clear it would not tolerate such comments in a statement on its official website Sunday : "  The FA has issued clarification to participants relating to the use of social networking sites , including , but not limited to Twitter , Facebook and internet blogs , " it read . "  Any comments which are deemed improper , bring the game into disrepute , or are threatening , abusive , indecent or insulting may lead to disciplinary action . " Players were also warned that while they believed their postings may be limited to a small number of people , they might still end up with a wider audience . "  Consequently , care should be exercised with regards to the contents of such postings , " added the statement . "  In addition , we would remind participants that social networking postings could also lead to civil proceedings being brought by affected parties . " An increasing number of star footballers have Twitter accounts including England captain Rio Ferdinand and Aston Villa 's Darren Bent , an international teammate . Bent famously used his Twitter blog to criticize Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy when his move to previous club Sunderland was delayed , using strong language to show his frustration .	English FA warn star players about statements made on Twitter and through social media FA say such comments in public domain and could lead to disciplinary action Liverpool 's Ryan Babel first Premier League player to be sanctioned for a tweet
CNN  -- Two New Jersey state troopers who led an unauthorized high-speed escort of a caravan of sports cars last year agreed Monday to resign , according to the New Jersey attorney general 's office . Sgt. 1st Class Nadir Nassry , 47 , who led the March 30 , 2012 , caravan of exotic cars down a state highway to Atlantic City , pleaded guilty to a fourth-degree charge of falsifying or tampering with records . Nassry admitted that he used black electrical tape to change the numbers on the license plates of his troop car to conceal his participation in the escort , authorities said . Ss many as 30 high-performance cars including Porsches , Lamborghinis and Ferraris reportedly reached speeds of more than 100 miles an hour during the highway run . Drivers were members of a sports car club , according to the state attorney general 's office . Under a plea agreement , the state will recommend that Nassry , a 26-year veteran of the New Jersey State Police , be sentenced to a term of probation , forfeit his job with the state police and be permanently barred from any law enforcement position or public employment in New Jersey . Nassry will be sentenced April 29 according to the New Jersey attorney general 's office . A second trooper who assisted in the escort , Joseph Ventrella , 29 , agreed to waive indictment and be charged by accusation with fourth-degree falsifying or tampering with records , according to the attorney general 's office . Ventrella will apply for a state intervention program . If completed , the charges will be dropped . The agreement means he did not plead guilty to the charge , but he has forfeited his job with the state police and will be permanently barred from any law enforcement position in New Jersey , said the attorney general 's office . "  These troopers violated those standards and betrayed the public 's trust , undermining public safety and the reputation of the force . They are justly paying a high price for their poor judgment . Both men have ended their law enforcement careers , and one will have a felony record for the rest of his life , " said New Jersey Attorney General Jeffrey S. Chiesa . Attorneys for Nassry and Ventrella did not immediately return calls for comment .	The caravan included Porsches , Lamborghinis and Ferraris Speeds reportedly topped 100 mph Two New Jersey troopers who provided an unauthorized escort for the caravan agree to resign "  They are justly paying a high price for their poor judgment , " says NJ attorney general
CNN  -- Just days after signing a bumper multi-year deal with Nike , Rory McIlroy made an embarrassing early exit in Abu Dhabi along with stablemate Tiger Woods . The world 's top two golfers were supposed to usher in a new era of dominance within the sport for Nike , but neither man made the cut on a disappointing day . The world No. 1 finished on six-over , while Woods missed out after being hit with a two-stroke penalty for rules of infringement . Justin Rose finished top of the leaderboard on eight-under following a round of 69 , but it was McIlroy and Woods who caught the headlines . Nike unveils Rory McIlroy : Tiger 's heir apparent McIlroy , playing with his new Nike clubs for the first time , had not missed a cut since the U.S. Open in San Francisco last June . But after starting the day well down the field following an opening round of 75 , the Northern Irishman failed to battle back , despite reverting to his old putter . "  I just felt like the greens that I 've been practising on are a lot faster than these , " he told reporters . "  The Nike putter is great on that , but getting to here it 's just a weight issue more than anything else . "  I can feel the head of the one I used today a little bit better , but the change was to no avail . "  I 've got a few weeks off now to work at it and try and get my game in decent shape for the US . " McIlroy had vowed to improve on his opening round and hit three straight pars , but three bogeys in the next four holes left him floundering on six-over . Birdies at eight and nine allowed some respite , but bogeys on the 10th and 14th ended his chances of making the cut at the course where he finished second last year . McIlroy teams up with Tiger at Nike He said : "  I knew it was going to be a tough week with everything going on , but I was just looking forward to getting to the golf course and getting back to what I do and what I 'm comfortable with . "  It just did n't work out like that . I hit the ball really well last week in practice in Dubai and just sort of gradually got worse this week for some reason . Woods eyes long rivalry with McIlroy "  But I 'm going to spend the weekend here and practise and work at it with Michael  coach Michael Bannon  a little bit . "  It 's very disappointing . You really want to get off to a nice start at the start of the season , but I 've got to realise that it is only the start of the season . "  As long as I feel like my game is in good shape heading into Augusta  the US Masters on April 11-14  that 's all I 'm worried about . " What kind of Nike poster boy will Rory McIlroy be ? Woods fared little better after he was hit with a two-stroke penalty for rules of infringement in the sand at the fifth hole . And after finishing one one-over for the day , Woods said he just fell short following a poor start . "  It 's tough because I did n't get off to a very good start today and I fought and got it back , " he told reporters . "  I was right there and I felt that if I had close to even par , I had a chance going into the weekend , being only eight back . Evidently it was n't enough . " Meanwhile , world number five Rose , will take a one-shot lead into the third round after moving clear of Welshman Jamie Donaldson , Denmark 's Thorbjorn Olesen and Spain 's Gonzalo Fernandez-Castro . "  I felt like my game definitely sharpened up , " Rose said . "  When you have perfect distance control you know you are swinging it well . "	Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods both fail to make the cut World No. 1 McIlroy finishes on six-over in season-opener Woods cashes out after being hit with two-shot penalty England 's Justin Rose leads by one-shot on eight-under
New York  CNN  -- Internet search giant Google is bracing for a fine that could top $ 500 million , after a federal probe of illegal online pharmacy ads placed on the website over the past three years , CNN has confirmed . Law enforcement sources tell CNN that federal prosecutors in Rhode Island , along with undercover agents from the Food and Drug Administration , are heading up a massive investigation aimed at showing Google knowingly took advertising money from websites selling highly addictive drugs without a legitimate prescription . A spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office in Providence told CNN he could "  neither confirm nor deny " reports of the probe , and Google declined comment "  since this is a legal matter . " But in early May , Google filed a notice with the Securities and Exchange Commission saying it was setting aside $ 500 million to potentially resolve a case with the Department of Justice . In its filing , Google stated only that the matter involved "  the use of Google advertising by certain advertisers . " If a fine of $ 500 million or higher is in fact imposed on Google , legal experts say it would be the largest such penalty in U.S. history . A recent study by doctors at Massachusetts General Hospital and the University of Southern California showed a significant expansion in treatment for prescription drug abuse from 2000 to 2007 . During those years , the study showed , emergency room admissions for prescription drug abuse rose from 100,000 to 200,000 . The study showed states with the greatest expansion of high-speed internet access also had the largest increase in admissions for treatment of prescription drug abuse . "  There 's all sorts of drugs one can purchase illegally over the Internet , " one of the study 's co-authors , Dr. Anupam Jena , told CNN . "  So there 's narcotics , like OxyContin and Percocet . And there 's stimulant medications , sometimes used to treat ADHD -- attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder . There are also ... anti-anxiety medications like Ambien or Ativan that people routinely use for the correct indications , but sometimes can be abused . " Furthermore , state regulators and watchdog groups say they have been warning Google and other search engines for years that online pharmacies have been allowed to operate without adequate supervision . Joseph Califano , the president and founder of Columbia University 's National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse , warned Google CEO Eric Schmidt of the problem in a 2008 letter . Califano , a former aide to President Lyndon Johnson and a Cabinet secretary under Jimmy Carter , told Schmidt that his research had found "  prominent displays of ads for rogue internet pharmacies in a Google search for controlled drugs . " "  This suggests that Google is profiting from advertisements for illegal sales of controlled prescription drugs online , " Califano wrote . The company never responded , he said . "  I asked him , ` Please , you have to look at what 's going on . Why are we having such an explosion of prescription drug abuse among teenagers and kids ? ' " Califano , now 80 , told CNN . "  Well , where do they get them ? " Califano warned that illegal online pharmacies are a pipeline for children who want to obtain drugs , and said Google "  can do something about this that nobody else can do . " CNN has been breaking news on this story of illegal online drug purchases for several years . In 2008 , not long before Califano sent his letter to Google , CNN correspondent Drew Griffin was able to purchase the potentially addictive drug Percocet without seeing or talking to a doctor . He ordered the drug online and within a day , the pills were at the doorstep of his home , the prescription signed by a doctor in Tennessee he had never seen or met . For Califano , a longtime Washington insider , the ease and availability of online drugs is "  a crime . " "  To me , it 's an example of putting profits over people , " he said . "  That 's what we 're talking about here . And it 's bad , really bad , because we 're talking about kids . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Google has set aside $ 500 million for a potential settlement , according to SEC papers A fine that large would be the biggest in history , according to legal experts Former Cabinet secretary says he warned Google about the problem in 2008 Neither the company nor the federal prosecutors would comment
OPRAH.com  -- One of the small sorrows of my adult life is being married to a man who wo n't eat tongue . "  It 's delicious , " I tell him , but he wo n't budge . "  If you tasted it and did n't know what it was , you 'd love it , " I say . "  The problem is all in your head ! " "  So ? " he says , perfectly content with his head and its problems . "  I 'm still not eating it . " Undeterred , I describe the excitement I felt as a kid when I 'd lift the lid on my mom 's big frying pan and spy a beef tongue cooking there . "  It was curled -- you know , like that Rolling Stones logo , " I say , "  only brownish gray , and covered in cream of mushroom soup , and , um ... " I realize I 'm not making headway . Tongue is a hard sell to someone who has already placed it firmly outside his own personal sphere of comfort . We all have versions of these spheres , into which we segregate the edible from the inedible . Culture and ethnicity play a huge part in what winds up inside them  we do not eat monkey ; the Penan of Borneo do  , as do our parents and friends , advertising , politics , religion , our anxieties , and life experiences . It 's no wonder each person in the Western world  where we have so much choice about what to eat  probably defines "  edible " in a slightly different way . Our individual menus are as unique as our fingerprints . Oprah.com : One woman explores the virtues of eating everything Take my friend Maria Ricapito . She is an adventuresome cook who is utterly incapable of eating an egg if the white and yellow are n't combined . She can eat omelets and scrambled eggs . But fried eggs ? Deviled eggs ? Hard-boiled eggs chopped up in potato salad ? "  I ca n't even choke them down , " she says , her voice taking on a tinge of hysteria . "  Something about the texture -- you know how the yolks are kind of crumbly and the whites sort of rubbery and solid ? It just does n't work for me at all . " No one starts out life with an aversion to eggs or tongue -- or , for that matter , to liver , okra , lima beans , or any of the dozens of other foods many people come to revile as adults . Indeed , according to Paul Rozin , Ph.D. , professor of psychology at the University of Pennsylvania and an expert in disgust and food choice , there are only a handful of flavors our brains are hardwired to reject , and all are typical of foods that historically had a high likelihood of making us sick -- spoiled things like moldy bread and sour milk , and bitter things like caffeine . "  A lot of natural plant toxins are bitter , " he says . In addition to this self-protective mechanism , there are two other universal , built-in predilections : First , a suspicion of  yet interest in  unfamiliar foods . And second , the ability to connect something new we ate to certain consequences , such as nausea . Oprah.com : What happens when anxiety controls your diet That 's it . "  Everything else is acquired , " according to Elizabeth Capaldi , PhD , provost of Arizona State University and a longtime professor of the psychology of eating . "  There 's no inborn dislike for any other taste or smell , even of vomit or feces . " In other words , you ca n't blame genes when you pick the anchovies off your pizza . So where do we acquire our vast range of idiosyncratic dislikes ? "  Their origin is obscure , " says Rozin . He admits that we generally grow to dislike foods that remind us of our bodily functions , guts , or mortality -- which might explain why liver  and other mealy , pasty foods  and oysters  and other squishy , slimy foods  put off so many people . Oprah.com : What you need to know about the meat you buy It might even account for Maria 's egg issue . She half-recalls overhearing as a child that eggs were chicken embryos , a thought that disturbed her in a way she still ca n't quite explain without turning green . Says Capaldi , "  Sometimes an idea produces an emotional reaction , and the emotion produces a physiological reaction " -- namely , nausea . This is n't hardwired self-protective "  disgust , " but it may have somehow piggybacked on the same apparatus . As Capaldi says , "  The disgust mechanism is a very , very powerful thing . Putting something in your body is an intimate act . " Any revulsion you feel toward a food is magnified by the thought that it will become part of you . This apparatus occasionally goes haywire . In 2007 BBC Television chronicled the struggle of David Nunley , a strapping 28-year-old father of two , to overcome a lifelong inability to eat anything but cheese , chips , and white bread . After four weeks of therapy and nutritional counseling , he managed to add salad to his diet ; hot food still made him gag . Oprah.com : How to eat in your 20s , 30s , 40s , 50s and beyond You do n't have to be as compulsive as Nunley to feel similar dread . History is full of stories of ordinary people who refused to eat unfamiliar food . The first colonists to America faced this predicament , myths of the first Thanksgiving to the contrary . They "  had come upon a land of plenty , " according to Eating in America , by Waverley Root and Richard de Rochemont . "  They nearly starved in it . " Why ? Because among other things , they "  could not or would not adapt themselves to the foods available locally ... and elected instead to depend on supplies from England . " Close to death , many awaited shipments of English beef rather than swallow a morsel of lobster or a clam . The few among them who trusted the natives eventually provided a bridge to these strange new forms of sustenance . It sounds perverse , until you consider what you would do if you washed up on the shores of Cheju island and were offered a meal of sautéed silkworm pupae . You , too , might bide your time , hoping for a box of Cap'n Crunch to float in on the waves . Oprah.com : The innovative spirit of vegan cooking Yet , clearly , diets are n't set in stone . We constantly add new things -- goji berries , lemongrass , Splenda -- and reject others -- chicken nuggets , say , after seeing Food , Inc. "  You can think yourself into an aversion , " says Capaldi . And most of the time , you can think yourself out of one . Fuchsia Dunlop did . The English author of two Chinese cookbooks and a memoir , Shark 's Fin and Sichuan Pepper , she went to great pains to get past her revulsion to some of the foods she was fed in China -- including goose intestines , pig brain , scorpions , bee larvae , and tendons from cows ' throats , which she describes as "  just like rubber bands . " Because the Chinese truly relish these foods , she wanted to learn to like them , too . It helped to realize that Chinese cuisine , which has been evolving for thousands of years , celebrates variety in textures -- slimy , chewy , gelatinous , crunchy -- the way French cuisine champions complexity in flavor . "  In China , the sensation of a thing in your mouth is part of the pleasure of eating it , " says Fuchsia . "  In the West , if you get a bit of cartilage in your mouth , it 's the rubbish , but in China it 's the good part . It 's fun to try negotiating your way through a chicken wing with your teeth and tongue . " Oprah.com : What 's the right diet for you ? Take the quiz ! Still , she admits that overcoming certain aversions required an iron will . Take "  thousand-year-old eggs , " made by submerging raw duck eggs for three months in a brew of ash , lime , tea , and salt . "  The white turns into brownish jelly , and the yolk is a dark creamy thing edged in moldy green-gray . " At first Fuchsia found them revolting , but now she eats them with abandon , having decided to "  think of them as the egg equivalent of blue cheese . " I ca n't say how I 'd react if served a thousand-year-old-egg , but , like Fuchsia , I see aversions as obstacles worth fighting to overcome . I 've been this way since I was a kid and vowed to taste an olive and an oyster every year until I grew to like them -- an outcome I had utter faith in . But I must confess that my tolerance for odd foods sometimes makes me intolerant of other people 's aversions to them , and that 's not fair . Much as I 'd like to coerce my husband into eating delicious , slow-cooked beef tongue , I have to accept that only he can decide what to him is delicious , and what remains banished forever to the land of utter yuck . Oprah.com : 25 superfoods to incorporate into your diet now By Celia Barbour from O , The Oprah Magazine © 2010 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved . Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	There are only a handful of flavors the brain rejects , says Paul Rozin , Ph.D. , professor of psychology "  Revulsion you feel toward a food is magnified by the thought that it will become part of you , " says one expert One woman loves beef tongue while her husband refuses to eat it Overcoming fear of foods can require "  iron will , " says one woman who will try almost anything
NEW YORK  CNN  -- New York City 's rate of HIV infection is about three times the national rate , according to estimates released Wednesday by the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene . Rapid HIV test swabs incubate at the Iris House in New York in 2007 . The agency estimates that 72 of every 100,000 New Yorkers -- a total of 4,800 individuals -- contracted HIV in 2006 , more than triple the national rate of 23 per 100,000 . The findings are based on new lab technology and a newly derived statistical model developed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The lab technology enables health officials to determine whether HIV-positive individuals contracted the virus within the past five months , and the statistical model allows researchers to then make projections about a population 's infection rate . HIV , or the human immunodeficiency virus , is the virus that causes AIDS . The Health Department points to the city 's demographics . "  The populations that bear the greatest burden nationally -- blacks , for example , and men who have sex with men -- are highly represented in New York City , " Health Commissioner Thomas Freidan said in a written statement . "  Because HIV is more prevalent within those groups , the risk of HIV infection per sexual contact is higher . " In June , the city launched a three-year initiative to administer HIV tests to the 250,000 Bronx adults who have never been tested . The program was announced just days after release of a study finding a high rate of "  unsafe sexual behavior " in the city . Freidan said the study showed that 36 percent of gay and bisexual New York men who had five or more partners in the previous year did not use condoms consistently . "  This is a core group which is at high risk for getting and spreading HIV , " Freidan said . In July , a study of 452 men interviewed anonymously at gay bars and clubs found 39 percent of those having sex with other men had not revealed their sexual orientation to their doctors , significantly diminishing their likelihood of being tested for HIV .	Agency estimates 72 of every 100,000 New Yorkers contracted HIV in 2006 Expert : Demographics of the city contribute to the high rate of HIV infection The city launched a three-year initiative to give HIV tests to untested Bronx adults
FINNEY COUNTY , Kansas  CNN  -- U.S. communities are changing complexion as ethnic diversity grows in the American heartland . Going to church is a popular activity on Sundays in racially diverse Garden City , Kansas . Though not new in California , Arizona , Texas or Florida , the change of demographics is a bit more surprising in southwest Kansas . Finney County , Kansas , is one of six counties across the nation that became majority-minority between 2007 and 2008 , the U.S. Census Bureau recently announced . The agency defines majority-minority as a county where more than half the population is made up of a group that is not single-race , non-Hispanic white . Nearly 10 percent  309  of the nation 's 3,142 counties were majority-minority as of July 1 , 2008 . "  Why there ? " people ask Tim Cruz , former mayor of Garden City , Kansas , the largest town in Finney County . And then , "  How do you all get along ? " "  It 's just another melting pot you know , " Cruz says . "  It makes it nice to have those different cultures . And sure they 're different -- we have to understand what they celebrate and why they do it . " In the last couple of decades , massive meatpacking plants in Garden City have drawn workers from Southeast Asia and Somalia . Watch diversity in the heartland " You can smell the major industry of Garden City before you actually reach it and the stockyards that feed the meatpacking plants have their own unmistakable odor . After high school , Cruz worked one year in the meatpacking plant and that one year was enough for him . But he says Somalis , and many southeast Asians come to the area for the steady work , and a steady paycheck -- even if the work is tough . "  Very dangerous , long hours , " he says . "  I am grateful that they do that work . Now , I know why my dad said stay in school , you know . " At the Alta Brown Elementary School , the native language of about half of the 409 students is something other than English . Cruz 's wife of 26 years , Penny Cruz , teaches English as a second language there . In one class , she leads four kids in a card game of "  Go Fish " to help them grasp their new language . Five-year-old Robert is from Burma and has only been in the country a few months . His grasp of English at this stage is mostly mimicry . If the teacher says , "  Robert , " he 'll smile broadly and repeat his name . Penny Cruz says the town is getting more and more diverse , adding , "  I think we all blend together and get along . There are ups and downs but for the most part I think we 're all pretty accepting of whoever comes into our community and into our classrooms . " But not all of Finney County 's some 41,000 residents are thrilled by the increasing cultural diversity . The day before public schools let out for the summer , teenagers of all colors were skateboarding , tossing a football , and kicking around a ball in Finney Park . Teacher Linda Turner admits while she 's cooking hamburgers for the kids that she 's heard some complaints about the area 's newest residents . "  There were always whispers , " she says . "  Out at Wal-Mart you hear , ` Oh , look at how they 're dressed ... wonder where they 're from , what they 're doing here ? ' Especially if they were n't speaking English . " But much of the United States is looking more like Garden City . New census figures show more than one-third of the people in the United States are non-white and a staggering 47 percent of the population under the age of 5 are a minority . The latest census figures show four states as majority-minority in 2008 : Hawaii  75 percent  , New Mexico  58 percent  , California  58 percent  and Texas  53 percent  . The District of Columbia was 67 percent minority . No other state had more than a 43 percent minority population . For more than 100 years , Hispanics have lived in Finney County . Tim Cruz 's grandmother moved to Garden City in 1910 . He does n't remember the name of the Mexican town she left , but does remember that she instilled a good work ethic in him as a young child . "  She was always a hard worker , " Cruz says , "  very dedicated to her work and their church . That 's what I remember about my Grandma . " He also remembers as a boy being told , "  Do n't speak Spanish , you 're in America , speak English . " And now , despite trying to learn on many different occasions , Tim Cruz ca n't speak Spanish . This Midwest enclave , home to hamburgers and hot dogs , is giving way to Vietnamese pho , or Mexican tacos . Police Chief James Hawkins admits communication with some residents can be a problem for his officers . Hawkins , a 25-year veteran of the force , has nine Hispanic officers on a staff of 58 . Not enough he says , but he 's trying to add more diversity . "  I have an officer who achieved citizenship about five years ago , " the chief says . "  He came from deep down in Mexico , and said that 's all he ever wanted to do is be a police officer . When he came to the United States , he learned English and has been going to school . That 's what he wanted to do , become a police officer , but you have to be a citizen to do that . " For many immigrant residents , life in Kansas , even working at the meatpacking plants , is much better than where they came from . But Cruz wants the immigrants to know , in his words , that "  the American dream is much greater . " "  We catch them trying to tell their kids they do n't need to go to college because this is a good life , " Cruz says . "  We have to help educate them saying , ` No , there is even a better life than doing this and your kids can get to do that . ' " Cruz seems most pleased that his sleepy small town , is just that , and not rife with racial and ethnic tension and violence . "  I have no magic words . I would just say open arms to people that come in your community because they might be the person that 's going to help you when you have times of struggle , " Cruz says . "  We 're all here for one reason , and someday we 'll be gone , and you know , what kind of mark are you going to leave -- good mark , or a bad mark . There are a lot of good people , just try to be a good person . "	U.S. Census Bureau : Six U.S. counties switch to "  majority-minority " Whites are now the minority in Finney County , Kansas Meatpacking plant draws Burmese , Vietnamese and Somalis Former Garden City mayor : "  It makes it nice to have those different cultures "
CNN  -- The pilot of a plane that crashed last month in Montana twice requested a change of destination in radio comments to air traffic controllers but "  gave no reason for the diversion , " according to a preliminary report from the National Transportation Safety Board issued Thursday . A witness in Butte , Montana , took this photo shortly after the plane crash on March 22 . Fourteen people were killed when the plane slammed into a cemetery March 22 in Butte , and investigators immediately began focusing on why the pilot asked to divert the flight from Bozeman , Montana , to Butte , 80 miles to the west . The report said the single engine-Pilatus PC-12 / 45 was carrying people to a ski vacation . The plane originally departed Redlands , California , for Nut Tree Airport in Vacaville , California , where passengers were picked up . It then went to Oroville , California , to pick up more passengers . The pilot left Oroville at 12:10 p.m. local time , with Bozeman as the destination and Butte as the alternate , according to an instrument flight rules flight plan the pilot filed . The pilot requested to divert to Butte at 2:03 p.m. and "  was cleared at pilot 's discretion to descend to 14,000 feet . " The pilot two minutes later again requested to divert to Butte . The report said that at 2:27 p.m. , controllers asked the pilot whether he had the airport in sight and "  the pilot indicated he had one more cloud to maneuver around . " A minute later , the pilot reported the airport in sight and controllers "  terminated radar service . " At 2:29 p.m. , air traffic control "  called the aircraft in the blind with no response , " and the accident was reported four minutes later . The aircraft slammed into a cemetery about 500 feet short of the Butte airport . "  Initial reports from ground witnesses indicate that the airplane was flying approximately 300 feet above ground level in a north-northwesterly direction . Shortly thereafter , the airplane 's nose pitched to a nose-low attitude and it impacted the ground . One witness with aviation experience reported that the airplane was west of the runway centerline and appeared too high to land on the runway , " the report said . "  The witness then saw the airplane bank to the left and fly farther west when it rolled , pitched down and descended out of his view . Although there is no air traffic control tower at Butte , the local fixed base operator lineman was monitoring the radio as the airplane approached the airport . He heard the pilot transmit that he would be landing on runway 33 . " Investigators also were looking into whether the single-engine plane was overloaded and what role weather may have played in the accident . The preliminary NTSB report said "  visual meteorological conditions prevailed " at both Bozeman and Butte .	Preliminary report sheds light on crash that killed 14 people in Butte , Montana Investigators probe what role overloading or weather may have played in March crash Report : Diversion to Butte "  cleared at pilot 's discretion " moments before crash
RECIFE , Brazil  CNN  -- Eight more bodies have been recovered from last week 's crash of an Air France jetliner in the Atlantic Ocean , bringing the total to 24 , Brazil 's military announced Monday . Recovery efforts have found several items confirmed to have come from Air France Flight 447 . The bodies were found floating about 440 kilometers  273 miles  northeast of the Fernando de Noronha archipelago northeast of the Brazilian coast on Monday , military officials said Monday evening . Air France 447 disappeared over the Atlantic early June 1 . The jet was en route to Paris , France , from the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro with 228 passengers and crew aboard . The military said earlier Monday that 16 bodies had been recovered . Items found in the same area Saturday were confirmed to have come from the jet , including pieces of the aircraft 's wing section , luggage and a leather briefcase containing an airplane ticket with a reservation code for the doomed flight , Brazilian air force spokesman Jorge Amaral said . The exact location of the crash has not been determined , because ocean currents probably caused the bodies and debris to drift in the days since the crash . Two key pieces of evidence -- the flight data and cockpit voice recorders -- remain missing and could lie on the ocean floor . Map of Flight 447 's flight path " The part of the ocean where the debris and bodies have been found ranges from 6,000 to 8,000 meters  about 19,700 to 26,250 feet  deep . The search area covers 200,000 square kilometers  77,220 square miles  , an area nearly as big as the country of Romania . Watch CNN 's Karl Penhaul report on more bodies found " Brazilian officials emphasized Monday that finding bodies was their priority . The French are in charge of finding the black boxes , and a submarine was en route as part of that mission . Fourteen aircraft -- 12 Brazilian and two French -- were participating , along with five Brazilian ships and one French frigate . In Washington , a U.S. defense official said the U.S. Navy will contribute two high-tech acoustic devices to listen for emergency beacons still operating in deep water . The "  towed pinger locators , " which help search for emergency beacons on downed aircraft to a maximum depth of 20,000 feet , will be placed aboard two French tugs that are part of the search efforts , the official said . Recovery of bodies and debris is significant not only for families but also for crash investigators , said Mary Schiavo , a former inspector general for the U.S. Department of Transportation . "  Even if they do n't find anything else , they can get some very important clues from the pieces that they do find and from the human remains , " she said Saturday . Watch an explanation of what could have caused the crash " She said investigators would be able to tell whether there was an explosion from possible residue on the bodies or other items . Or , if water is found in the lungs of victims , investigators would know that the plane went down intact , she said . Investigators in Paris said Saturday that the Air France flight sent 24 automated error messages about four minutes before it crashed . The messages suggest the plane may have been flying too fast or too slow through severe thunderstorms it encountered before the crash , officials said . Schiavo said four minutes "  was a very long time " for automated signals to be sent from the plane . Investigators also reported that the airline had failed to replace a part as recommended by the manufacturer , Airbus . Airbus had advised airlines to update part of the equipment that monitors speed , known as pitot tubes . The recommendation was a result of technological developments and improvements , an Airbus spokesman said . The change was not mandatory , and the spokesman would not comment on Air France 's failure to follow the advice . CNN 's Karl Penhaul , Richard Quest , Helena DeMoura and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Brazilian officials emphasize that finding bodies is their priority Military says total number of bodies found stands at 24 Plane disappeared over Atlantic Ocean last week U.S. to contribute high-tech devices to look for plane 's emergency beacons
CNN  It was all set for a fairytale ending for record breaking jockey AP McCoy . In the end it was a different but familiar name who won the Grand National on Saturday . 25-1 outsider Many Clouds , who had shown little form going into the race , won by a length and a half , ridden by jockey Leighton Aspell . Aspell won last year 's Grand National too , making him the first jockey since the 1950s to ride back-to-back winners on different horses . "  It feels wonderful , I asked big questions , " Aspell said of Many Clouds , moments after his victory . "  Over the fences he was awesome . I was just hoping his batteries would last and they did , " he added . No fairytale Yet for much of the Grand National -- arguably the world 's most famous and certainly the sport 's most prestigious jump race -- it looked as if AP McCoy was about to write an ending befitting the career of a man who has dominated jump racing for two decades . His horse Shutthefrontdoor was in the leading group as it negotiated the likes for Becher 's Brooke and The Chair , some of the toughest jumps in racing . Last week the 40-year-old Ulsterman , who has won an astonishing 4,356 races , announced he would retire if he won the Grand National for the second time in his career . Shutthefrontdoor was heavily backed by the betting public sensing a storybook conclusion to McCoy 's career . UK and Irish betting firms even predicted they would lose as much as $ 73 million if McCoy won . He was well placed going into the final straight but just could n't keep up after Many Clouds cut lose , and finished back in fifth . Third time winner But for Trevor Hemmings , the owner of Many Clouds , it was his third victory in the Grand National . "  I always dreamed of winning my first National , " a shocked Hemmings told Channel 4 . "  Then along comes a second . That 's special . And when a third comes along , it 's such a wonderful , wonderful feeling . " Hemming went on to praise Aspell 's performance . "  This morning talking we talked about the achievers , " said Hemmings . "  They are quiet , confident and experienced . He has all of them . " McCoy 's fifth placed finish means he will race again at least once more , in two weeks time at Sandown .	25-1 shot Many Clouds wins Grand National Second win a row for jockey Leighton Aspell First jockey to win two in a row on different horses since 1950s
CNN  -- For most of American history , a Supreme Court with no Protestant Christian judges would have been unthinkable . Nearly three quarters of all justices who 've ever served on the nation 's high court have been Protestant . And roughly half of all Americans identify themselves as Protestant today . But since John Paul Stevens announced his retirement last month , legal and religious scholars have begun entertaining the unprecedented prospect of a Supreme Court without a single Protestant justice . Besides Stevens , who is Protestant , the current Supreme Court counts six Catholics and two Jews . "  It 's an amazing irony given how central Protestantism has been to American culture , " said Stephen Prothero , a religion scholar at Boston University . "  For most of the 19th century , Protestants were trying to turn America into their own heaven on Earth , which included keeping Jews and Catholics from virtually all positions of power . " Many religion scholars attribute the decline of Protestants on the high court to the breakdown of a mainline Protestant identity and to the absence of a strong tradition of lawyering among evangelical Protestants . "  Mainline Protestantism is n't a pressure group , " said Prothero , "  It 's not like the National Council of Churches is lobbying Obama to get a Lutheran appointed to the Supreme Court . " And while Judaism and Catholicism have their own sets of religious laws that date back millennia , many branches of Protestant Christianity do not . For much of the last 150 years , evangelical Christianity has stressed an emotional theology of "  heart " over "  head " -- not a recipe for producing legal scholars with eyes fixed on the Supreme Court . "  Evangelicals have put more effort into getting elected than in getting onto the bench , " said Michael Lindsay , a Rice University professor who has studied evangelical elites . "  Electoral politics is more similar to the style of rallying of around revival campaign than it is to the arduous journey of producing intellectual giants that could be eligible for the Supreme Court . " President Obama is expected to nominate Stevens ' replacement early this month . Of the three candidates who are reported to lead Obama 's short list , two -- Solicitor General Elena Kagan and federal appeals judge Merrick Garland -- are Jewish , while one , federal appeals judge Diane Wood , is a Protestant . Obama 's first Supreme Court appointee , Sonia Sotomayor , is Catholic . One explanation of Catholics ' and Jews ' high court hegemony is that members of both traditions have long pursued legal degrees as a way to assimilate into a majority Protestant country . "  Most American Catholic law schools were not formed to be elite institutions of lofty legal scholarship , but as way to respond to the fact that other law schools were excluding Catholics , " said Richard Garnett , a professor at the University of Notre Dame Law School . "  It was a vehicle to get Catholics into the middle class . " "  Early on , those schools admitted a lot of Jewish students who were being discriminated against , " Garnett said . Today , Catholic law schools at Georgetown University , Fordham University , and Notre Dame are considered among the best in the country . Evangelical Protestant colleges , meanwhile -- including Regent University and Liberty University , founded by Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell , respectively -- have opened law schools only since the 1980s . And law schools with Protestant roots -- like Harvard and Yale -- shed their religious identities a long time ago , part of the broader fading of a distinct mainline Protestant identity in the U.S. . Some legal and religious scholars say the dearth of qualified evangelical candidates for the Supreme Court came into sharp relief in 2005 , when President George W. Bush nominated White House counsel Harriet Miers to the high court . An evangelical Christian who the White House promoted strenuously among evangelicals , Miers ' nomination was brought down largely by conservatives -- nonevangelicals , mostly -- who said she was not qualified for the position . In the last couple of decades , however , more evangelicals have begun pursuing legal degrees , including at elite colleges . "  There are now vibrant Christian fellowships at Harvard and Yale , " said Lindsay . "  Ten years from now , it will be entirely possible to see an evangelical Protestant on the Supreme Court . " Rachel Heflin , a senior at Patrick Henry College -- a Virginia school whose students are mostly evangelicals from homeschooling backgrounds -- said many of her friends are heading to law school next year . "  When your circle of friends is comprised of aspiring lawyers , the joke is about who 's going to make it to the high court first , " said Heflin , an evangelical Christian who will be attending George Washington University Law School on scholarship . Which means that a Protestant Supreme Court resurgence may not be too far off .	Current Supreme Court has six Catholics , two Jews and one Protestant Absence of a strong tradition of lawyering among evangelical Protestants Only one of the Supreme Court candidates on Obama 's short list is a Protestant More evangelicals have begun pursuing legal degrees in the last few decades
Washington  CNN  -- The number making Mike Podhorzer anxious these days is 15 . That 's the lead Democrats have over Republicans among working class voters in the final days of the 2014 midterm elections , according to his polling at the AFL-CIO , the nation 's largest labor federation . That might seem good for Democrats , but in modern times , the party always wins voters making $ 50,000 or less . For Podhorzer , the AFL-CIO 's political director and one of the Democratic party 's top thinkers on voter turnout , it 's the spread that matters . "  Democratic victories are powered by the votes of the people who are more financially stressed , " Podhorzer said in an interview with CNN at the labor federation 's Washington offices , just up the street from the White House . "  That 's been the case going back to the New Deal . When working class people turn out and vote Democratic , that more than compensates for the advantage that Republicans have among upper income voters . " In other words , with GOP dependably winning upper-income Americans , it 's up to Democrats to run up the numbers with downscale voters , who made up about 40 % of the electorate in the last election . When Democrats clobber Republicans nationally among working class voters -- as they did by 22 points in 2012 -- they win . When the margin is tighter -- it was only an 11-point win for Democrats in 2010 -- they lose . The 55-40 lead Democrats are clinging to among people making under $ 50,000 is wider than the 50-39 lead they had earlier this summer , making this year 's outcome harder to predict . Podhorzer said it does explain why Democrats are still in the hunt heading into next Tuesday , suggesting that next week 's election wo n't resemble the GOP tidal wave of 2010 . But it still makes him nervous . Too many Democratic campaigns have failed to rally their working class base , Podhorzer said , choosing instead to run on wedge issues -- like Sen. Mark Udall 's relentless opposition to a personhood amendment in Colorad -- rather than broader economic populism . "  It 's very dangerous , " he said . "  I think that picking niche issues and trying to run on a collection of issues and contrasts in this environment is less effective than mobilizing the voters they need to turn out . " "  Throughout this cycle , polls have shown Republican voters to be more enthusiastic , because Democrats have been taking an approach in general that 's more about slicing into independent voters and into the middle , and has left the base fairly unmotivated , " he said . The Democrats who have nurtured working class voters with an economic message -- like Gary Peters in Michigan and Al Franken in Minnesota -- are n't getting much national attention , he said , because they have pulled away from their opponents and are n't being covered by the horse-race-obsessed media . Tight races are not breaking open in the final days , an indicator of "  the cynicism and apathy that people have . " But even with a motivated base , Podhorzer said Republicans are still not where they would like to be heading into Election Day . "  It 's really remarkable how many close races there are right now , " he said . "  And unlike 2010 , Republicans are not making inroads into blue territory . In 2010 , they were able to win Senate races in Pennsylvania , Wisconsin , New Hampshire and so forth . This time around they may be able to win races like Colorado or others , but they are not changing the presidential map at all . They have their work to do to figure out how to get the map from the way it looks now to a winning map in 2016 . " Podhorzer , an engineer of the progressive movement 's superior voter turnout machinery , said the battle on election day will be about get-out-the-vote mechanics . He framed the contest as a test of the GOP 's "  wholesale GOTV " -- paid media and base enthusiasm in a good Republican year -- versus the "  retail GOTV " of the Democratic coalition that relies on the party 's technological advantages and focuses on person-to-person contact and . WATCH : Hillary Clinton clarifies ` jobs ' remarks The AFL-CIO 's super PAC , Worker 's Voice , is part of the field program Democrats are counting on in tough Senate and gubernatorial races in place like North Carolina , Iowa , Wisconsin and New Hampshire . "  The Democrats ' retail GOTV has gotten much , much stronger than in 2010 , when the base was even more disillusioned , " he said . "  Democrats will do a better job on retail GOTV , and have more of the personal networks on the ground to pull people out . It 's going to be interesting to see how effective that can be . "	AFL-CIO political director Mike Podhorzer is worried about Democrats ' standing with working class voters Podhorzer : "  Democratic victories are powered by the votes of the people who are more financially stressed "
CNN  -- On Leyte Island , one of the hardest hit areas by Typhoon Haiyan , a man is asked by a television crew if he has a message for relatives living abroad . "  I 'm just letting you know , Josie is gone . Please forgive me , I could n't save her , because we all got separated from each other when the strong waves hit , " said the man , tears rolling down his face as he spoke to CNN affiliate ABS-CBN about his daughter 's death . "  We got separated . "  I could n't even hold on to my child ... Josie is on the corner . Her body has been there three days , " he tells the camera . With spotty communications in the wake of one of the largest storms in history , some survivors are reduced to turning to television cameras to tell far-flung family members the worst of news . "  To the mother of my kids , who 's currently living in Virginia , I know that you 'll watch this : Justin and Ella are gone , " another unidentified man tells ABS-CBN . "  They are both dead . " The number of Filipinos living abroad -- either permanently or as contracted workers -- was estimated at 10.5 million in 2011 , according to the Commission on Filipinos Overseas . The diaspora has Filipinos working in 217 countries around the world , but most work in the United States  3.4 million  , followed by Saudi Arabia  1.6 million  and Canada  about 850,000  , according to the commission . That has left family members abroad in a desperate search for news of loved ones in the storm 's path . In the United Arab Emirates , Naicy Yu Bono is gripped with pain and fear after the storm ravaged her hometown of Tacloban . Among the family members missing are her mother and two daughters , 8-year-old Rheinzi and 22-year-old Reanne . "  My last communication with my eldest  daughter  was Friday 1 a.m. , " she told CNN 's Leone Lakhani . "  She sent me a Whatsapp  text message  . She said , ` Mummy I 'm so scared because the wind is so strong . ' " Bono has been in the UAE -- the fourth largest home of Filipinos expatriates with about 680,000 migrant workers -- for the past six months working to send cash back to her family at home . Now she is at the Philippine embassy preparing to leave the country . "  I 'm going to find my daughters , " she said . Some relatives abroad have had better luck . From London , iReporter David Armstrong puts out an SOS trying to get in contact with his wife , Ruby , in Ormoc City . Fortunately , he was able to re-establish contact with his wife , but the suffering of his family and other survivors is profound , he said . Four of six homes owned by her family are damaged . "  They have all suffered from upset stomachs as they have had to drink unsuitable water . Their city has had 90 % of its buildings damaged , including hospitals , banks and supermarkets , " he said . "  They are unable to use any ATM to withdraw money to buy any food from the very few street sellers who are selling food . They have had no relief aid whatsoever . " While most of the media coverage has focused on Tacloban -- the largest city hardest hit by the storm -- there are many more towns and cities which have sustained substantial damage , Armstrong notes . He is attempting to travel to Ormoc to get supplies to his family . He said his wife told him that "  they have been told by the electric company that they will be without electricity until January as the typhoon has brought down most of the power lines on the island , " he said . "  She also told me there is only one supermarket open in the whole city and it 's running out of food . There is only one pharmacy open in the whole city but they have very few medicines left and people have had to queue for hours to get any . " In Tacloban , iReporter Leo Udtohan took his camera along the roads of this city of more than 200,000 people , showing dead bodies wrapped in plastic lying along the street . "  Other dead bodies were washed ashore near the Tacloban fish port , " he reports . "  In some areas , the dead are being buried in mass graves ... I saw some people bury the dead near the highway . " "  There 's no clean water , no electricity and very little food , " he said . "  The communication is still very limited in many areas in southern Leyte , so there is real difficulty if you 're asking for some updates on what happened to families or relatives . "	Survivor to family abroad : "  Josie is gone . Please forgive me , I could n't save her " More than 10 million Filipinos live and work in 217 countries around the world Poor communications has left many wondering the fate of their loved ones Most Philippines expatriates work in the U.S. , followed by Saudi Arabia and Canada
CNN  -- Flames danced hundreds of feet in the east Texas sky hours after a fire broke out at a natural gas and chemical facility . There were no injuries reported at the fire in Mont Belvieu , about 35 miles east of Houston , said Rick Rainey , a spokesman for Enterprise Products . A worker who was unaccounted for was believed to be away from the site , but the company was conducting a search , Rainey said . The fire broke out shortly after noon at a facility used to store natural gas liquids . The cause was not known . A two-mile perimeter was cleared around the plant . A nearby school restricted outdoor activities . "  The plant is within five miles of the school and according to the emergency command center , there is no indication that the fire is of a toxic nature , since they believe the fuel driving the flame is natural gas , " said Barbers Hill Superintendent Greg Poole . "  Additionally , the wind is blowing away from us . " "  We do n't believe this is a safety issue , " Poole said . "  However , we do have a lot of parents here at the school who are employees over at Enterprise , so that 's caused a lot of concern for us here . " According to its website , Enterprise Products owns or has interest in approximately 19,200 miles of onshore natural gas pipelines that provide for the gathering and transmission of natural gas in Alabama , Colorado , Louisiana , Mississippi , New Mexico , Texas and Wyoming . CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	Fire breaks out at a portion of a Texas natural gas facility No injuries or deaths are reported , but officials are looking for one worker School stops outdoor activities
CNN  -- From a Chinese pop idol to a champion of ethnic minorities in China , singer Dadawa is a musician like no other . Dadawa , whose real name is Zhu Zheqin , was a student in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou when she won a TV talent competition in the early 1990s . But despite finding herself on the fast-track to pop stardom , she knew from a young age her life and musical career would take her away from the mainstream . "  Growing up  I always have my own idea . I imagine one day I will be traveler , travel all around the world , " she says . "  At that time I told my mother and the other kids and they were laughing at me . At that time China was like your mother , father work in a certain unit and child will follow them . " Her imagination and travel led her away from the Chinese pop scene to Tibet that inspired the 1995 album "  Sister Drum " . It struck a chord with a global audience -- it was the first time in 45 years that a Chinese album had been launched globally -- but also brought criticism from across China including those in Tibet . "  That 's really , really surprising me , " she says . "  For a time I was so miserable for that because I did n't expecting . And I am always hoping in the future , for some other young generation , like the artist , who do n't have to face that sort of problem . " Before becoming Dadawa , Zhu also faced a problem with her name in attracting a global audience . Tibet and her interest in surrealism inspired the transformation . "  I was thinking what kind of name I should have , of course should be very simple , you know the vowels very common language pronunciation . So I 'm thinking about it , and at that time I was traveling in Tibet ; I 'm so in love with Tibet , " she says . "  So in Tibet , Dawa means moon . And I 'm also interested in Dali-ism , which is surrealism . So I put two concepts together and make a new name for myself . " Zhu has recorded four albums as Dadawa since her 1995 debut , but she has also spent much of her time promoting the ethnic culture and music of China as a U.N. Goodwill Ambassador . "  My thinking is that we have to do something definitely , especially for the ethnic minority culture . You know the people have liked the culture when we are traveling there , they say ` wow that 's a fantastic culture ' . But when we left they always think that it 's so far away from us ... . That 's why I thought I should do something with connect with other people . " Dadawa was talking to CNN Talk Asia at Hullett House , the design-led heritage hotel located in Tsim Sha Tsui , Hong Kong	Dadawa is a globally recognized Chinese singer Her music is inspired by ethnic minorities across China She is also a U.N. Goodwill Ambassador for China , promoting minority culture
CNN  -- A Turkish television show is offering contestants what it claims is the "  biggest prize ever " -- the chance for atheists to convert to one of the world 's major religions . The TV show offers converts to Islam the chance to visit Mecca . The show , called "  Tovbekarlar Yarisiyor , " or "  Penitents Compete , " features a Muslim imam , a Catholic priest , a Jewish rabbi and a Buddhist monk attempting to persuade 10 atheists of the merits of their religion , according to CNN Turk . If they succeed , the contestants are rewarded with a pilgrimage to one of their chosen faith 's most sacred sites -- Mecca for Muslims , Jerusalem for converts to Judaism , a trip to Tibet for Buddhists and the chance to visit Ephesus and the Vatican for Christians . Ahmet Ozdemir , deputy director of Turkish channel Kanal T , which will air the show from September , said the program aimed to "  turn disbelievers on to God . " "  People are free to believe anything they want . Our program does not have a say , " he said , according to Turkish newspaper Hurriyet . Contestants will be judged by a panel of eight theologians and religious experts prior to going on the show to make sure their lack of faith is genuine . But the show has been condemned by Turkish religious leaders . The head of the country 's supreme council of religious affairs , Hamza Aktan , told CNN Turk that it was "  disrespectful " to place different faiths in competition with each other and accused Kanal T of using religion to boost ratings . "  To do such a thing for the sake of ratings , not only with Islam but with all religions is disrespectful , " said Aktan . "  Religion should not be the subject of this type of program . " Although Turkey has a predominantly Muslim population and culture , religion is a sensitive subject because of the country 's staunchly secular constitution which outlaws most displays of faith in public life . Last year the Islamist-influenced government of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan clashed with the country 's constitutional court when judges overturned the efforts of Erdogan 's AK Party to lift a ban on female students wearing headscarves at public universities . Aylin Yazan at CNN Turk contributed to this story .	Turkish TV show features imam , Catholic priest , Jewish rabbi , Buddhist monk Religious leaders attempt to persuade atheists to "  convert " to their faith Show has prompted criticism from religious groups who say it is "  disrespectful "
Orlando  CNN  -- First , it was a record-breaking book series , selling more than 450 million copies worldwide . Then , it became the most successful movie franchise in history . Now , it is a theme-park phenomenon that has fans in a frenzy . Diagon Alley , a second area of the Wizarding World of Harry Potter , opens July 8 at Universal Studios Florida . Guests will be immersed in the new Potter paradise , which spans about 20 acres and includes a high-tech ride , the Leaky Cauldron restaurant , a handful of elaborate shops and stage shows , and the Hogwarts Express train between Diagon Alley and the separate Hogsmeade area in the adjacent Islands of Adventure park . "  Universal smartly involved  "  Harry Potter " series author J.K. Rowling  and the production designers from the Harry Potter films in every step of the design process , " said Robert Niles , editor of themeparkinsider.com . This means nearly every detail , down to the cobblestone streets and the Hogwarts Express , is just as it was in the films . The marquee ride Harry Potter and the Escape from Gringotts puts guests smack dab in the middle of the recognizable grand bank lobby filled with hardworking animatronic goblins , some counting money , others jotting down bank records . Turn the corner and head down the hallway , and you realize you 're in Bill Weasley 's office . Then , board souped-up elevators that make you feel as if you are going deep into the cavernous vaults . Finally , hop into a 12-person vehicle that takes you into Gringotts Bank . It 's part roller coaster , part 3-D motion-based ride . The other attraction , the Hogwarts Express , where Harry meets pals Hermione and Ron in the first movie , is equally detailed . It takes about four minutes to shuttle people back and forth between Hogsmeade  in Islands of Adventure  and Diagon Alley  in Universal Studios  . Once on board , guests step into train carriages . As the doors shut , the 3-D video screens show images of Hagrid on a flying motorcycle , the Weasley twins on their brooms and the Knight Bus in London . But keep an eye on the doorway , where shadows of Dementors , Harry , Ron and Hermione make guests feel like they are in a scene from the movies . The themed land also includes a number of shops frequented by the young wizards in the movies , such as Weasley 's Wizarding Wheezes , which sells unusual items like Skiving Snackboxes that come with Fainting Fancies , Nosebleed Nougats , Fever Fudge and Puking Pastilles .  In the movies , wizards use these to make themselves appear ill . In real life , they are sweet treats . Inside Wiseacres , you 'll find armillary spheres  $ 179.95  , which wizards use in astronomy class , and in Madam Malkin 's Robes for All Occasions , there are loads of Hogwarts ties and robes , quaffles and brooms ranging from $ 34.95 to $ 300 . The Leaky Cauldron has a menu featuring British classics like toad in the hole  sausage baked in a flour-egg batter , $ 8.99  , fish and chips , and bangers and mash . Plus , there are draught beers brewed specifically for Diagon Alley , including Wizard 's Brew and Dragon 's Scale , and non-alcoholic drinks like Fishy Green Ale and Tongue Tying Lemon Squash . Perhaps the most talked-about food item is butterbeer ice cream , served at Florean Fortescue 's Ice Cream Parlour . There are live shows throughout the day . "  The Tales of Beedle the Bard " features a troupe of four from the Wizarding Academy of Dramatic Arts . The lively performers retell two of the famed tales of Beedle the Bard , a 15th-century author of wizarding fairy tales . The other show is a lively musical performance featured in the Potter movies . The boy with the lightning-bolt scar on his forehead is ingrained in pop culture . So , it comes as no surprise that Universal continues to invest in the franchise . "  The Wizarding World of Harry Potter-Hogsmeade  which opened in 2010  has been one of the most successful attractions in the history of themed entertainment , in terms of attendance numbers , Universal 's bottom line and the impact it has had on the rest of the industry , " said Andy Brennan , industry analyst with IBISWorld . Likewise , expanding the Wizarding World by creating Diagon Alley at Universal Studios , which Brennan says has cost about $ 400 million to construct , was a no-brainer . "  Hogsmeade reportedly cost over $ 250 million , " he added , "  so this is NBCUniversal 's most significant investment to date . " Plus , "  combined attendance at Islands of Adventure and Universal Studios has jumped more than 50 % since 2009 , " Brennan said . "  NBCUniversal 's theme park revenue is up nearly 40 % since 2009 , much of which can be directly attributed to the popular WWHP . " Diagon Alley will certainly lure park-goers to Orlando , which is experiencing one of the most significant expansion periods in the destination 's history . According to Visit Orlando , there were 59 million visitors in 2013 , up 27 % from 46.6 million in 2009 . If you go : Admission into Universal Studios Florida  $ 96 for adults and $ 90 for kids ages 3 to 9  allows you to roam around the park and visit Diagon Alley . However , if you 'd like to pop over to Hogsmeade  at Universal 's Islands of Adventure  via the Hogwarts Express , you must purchase park-to-park admission  $ 136 for adults , $ 130 for kids ages 3 to 9  .	Diagon Alley at Universal Studios Florida expands the Wizarding World of Harry Potter A new ride , Escape from Gringotts , is at the center of this part of the experience General admission to Universal Studios includes Diagon Alley but not Hogsmeade Park-to-park admission is required to visit both Diagon Alley and Hogsmeade
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A car theft in China that spiraled into a manhunt and a baby 's killing has left the country grieving and sparked outrage on social media . The body of the infant , whose name was Haobo , was found buried in the snow Wednesday . His father , Xu Jialin , said he and his wife identified their two-month-old son , according to state-run news agency Xinhua . Thousands gathered in a square Tuesday night in Changchun , the capital of Jilin Province , to mourn the baby , killed by "  a thief who found the missing boy sleeping in a car he had stolen , " Xinhua reported . The 48-year-old man , identified as Zhou Xijun , turned himself in to police Tuesday and confessed that he had killed the baby and buried him in the snow , Xinhua reported , citing local police . Xu , the father , had parked his car Monday in front of the supermarket he runs in Changchun and entered the store to turn on a stove , leaving his son in the back seat with the car 's engine still running , according to state-run news reports . Xu returned minutes later to find his car was missing . He called police immediately . Zhou had allegedly stolen the grey Toyota SUV and discovered the child on the backseat as he drove the vehicle away . More than 8,000 police and hundreds of volunteers joined a search for the child for two days . Zhou has confessed "  that he parked the car on the roadside and choked the baby about an hour after he stole the car . He then abandoned the baby 's clothes and the car in the nearby city of Gongzhuling , " Xinhua reported . The car 's license plate and the child 's clothes were found in a ditch 500 meters away from the car . Fury on social media News of the murder provoked a storm of anger on Chinese social media , particularly Weibo , the country 's version of Twitter . While many people demanded the death penalty for Zhou , others questioned why the baby had been left in the car . "  What kind of people will leave their babies alone in cars ? " asked @Qiyanhenxiaozhang . "  The parents abandoned their children . When they leave their baby in the car , they should know something bad might happen , " posted @Lingluandabaomaoyeye . Some pointed the finger at the media . "  Everywhere is posting information about the baby , and they irritated the killer and provoked his desperate act . The media has done a really bad work , " said Shenshang . "  The media surely has the rights to spread information , but they should consider the baby 's safety as well , " said another netizen , @zhongguorenshidiqiushangdeqiji . Anger over car ad Another twist has led to widespread anger at a car dealership that used the incident to push the features of its vehicles . A Buick dealership cited the Baby Haobo incident -- before it was known that the child had been killed -- to advertise its OnStar GPS system , which allows the owner "  to track and lock down a stolen vehicle at any time and place . " Some people followed up with social media posts saying they wo n't buy a Buick . The Buick dealership , Liaoning Tianhe , apologized on Weibo to the family of the victim and to the public for the "  emotional damage " it caused . CNN 's Feng Ke and Dayu Zhang in Beijing contributed to this report .	The body of Baby Haobo was found Wednesday Thousands turned out to mourn the child 's death A car dealership 's ad sparks fury A man confesses to killing the baby he found in a car he stole , state-run news agency says
CNN  -- Nanjing became the third city in China to suspend live poultry trading in the wake of an unusual strain of bird flu that has so far killed six people in the country , state-run media outlet Xinhua reported Saturday Jiangsu 's provincial capital of Nanjing joined Shanghai and Zhejiang 's provincial capital of Hangzhou in shuttering the markets , Xinhua said . Four deaths occurred in Shanghai and two in Zhejiang , the agency said . Chinese authorities have killed more than 20,000 birds from a live-poultry trading zone in Shanghai in an effort to deal with the issue . The cull at the Shanghai poultry trading zone came as researchers in the United States said they had started work on developing a vaccine for H7N9 . The H7N9 avian flu virus had been found in pigeons . The virus had not previously been found in humans until a series of cases were reported in China this week . As of Saturday evening , China had confirmed 18 human infections of the H7N9 avian flu virus , Xinhua reported . The World Health Organization confirmed 16 . One victim , a 64-year-old man , died Thursday hours after doctors had confirmed he had been infected with the virus , Chinese officials said . Two other men , ages 66 and 74 , developed flu symptoms late last month and were diagnosed with pneumonia over the past two days , Chinese officials said . A total of 11 people who had close contacts with the two have not shown flu symptoms , officials said . No cases of human-to-human transmission of the H7N9 virus have been confirmed . "  We do n't know yet where the humans got their virus from , " said Dr. Joseph Bresee , who heads the epidemiology and prevention branch of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's influenza division . The virus has not been shown to spread easily between humans , he said . The CDC , based in Atlanta , is working closely with Chinese authorities trying to find the source of the human infections .	NEW : Nanjing becomes third city to suspend live poultry trading Sixteen human cases of H7N9 have been reported in eastern China No cases of human-to-human transmission have been confirmed Poultry markets in Shanghai and Hangzhou were closed
CNN  -- Bayern Munich completed the $ 50m signing of Spanish midfielder Javi Martinez from Athletic Bilbao , on Wednesday . Martinez , part of the victorious Spain squad at the 2010 World Cup and the 2012 European Championship , had a $ 50m release fee in his Bilbao contract , but was required to pay the amount himself , which created huge tax liabilities for the player and complications for the German club . Bayern 's chairman Karl-Heinz Rummennigge described the transfer as "  very complicated " and accused Bilbao of "  refusing to cooperate from the very first day " of negotiations . "  We 've had tax and legal problems to solve over the last few days , but fortunately we 've succeeded , " he said . "  The player has made an indirect contribution by foregoing a large sum of his salary . Our management is convinced the player will do very well with us , " he added . Despite being only 23 , Martinez has made 201 appearances for Athletic Bilbao and was a key member of the side that enjoyed a surprise run to the final of last season 's Europa League . The Basque native can play in central midfield , or as a center-back . "  Bayern are one of the best teams in Europe , and the whole world , " Martinez told the club 's website . "  There are so many top players here , all of them fantastic footballers . That 's hugely motivating for me . And naturally , I 'm looking to win trophies , " In the English Premier League , Tottenham Hotspur announced the signing of Belgian midfielder Mousa Dembele from London rivals Fulham . "  We are delighted to announce that we have reached agreement with Fulham for the transfer of Mousa Dembele , " Tottenham announced on their website . Neither side confirmed the fee involved , but it is believed to be in the region of $ 24m . Dembele was signed as a striker for Fulham from AZ Alkmaar ahead of the 2010-11 season , but thrived for the club after moving into a midfield role "  Dembele originally joined Fulham as a forward , although his ability to drive forward with the ball and his eye for a pass saw him played in an attacking midfield role last season , a move that proved a huge success , " explained a statement on the club website . Tottenham will be hoping the 25 year old can replace Luka Modric , after the creative Croatian midfielder completed his moved from Spurs to Real Madrid earlier in the week . "  Following two full seasons at Craven Cottage , the Club would like to thank Mousa for his contribution and wish him well throughout the rest of his career , " Fulham said in a short statement on their website . In Italy , AC Milan further strengthened their attacking options with the capture of Bojan Krkic on a year long loan from Serie A rivals Roma . Krkic joined Roma from Barcelona last summer for $ 15m , but the Spanish club have the option to re-sign the player next summer for $ 16.25 m . After making more than 100 appearances for Barcelona , Krkic enjoyed a fruitful debut season in Italy , scoring seven goals in 33 appearances . AC Milan will be hoping the young forward can help replace Zlatan Ibrahimovic , who moved to Paris St-Germain earlier in the season . In his final season at Barcelona , Krkic was , coincidentally , chosen to replace Ibrahimovic as Barcelona 's number nine after the Swedish striker moved to AC Milan . Also on Wednesday , Bayer Leverkusen completed the signing of former Bayern Munich goalkeeper Michael Rensing , who was released by Cologne following their relegation last season . "  We have signed an experienced and high quality back up for our number one , " explained Leverkusen managing director Wolfgang Holzhauser on the club 's website . "  We 've made this move as we are involved in three competitions . " North German side Hamburg have also made moves to strengthen their side before the close of the transfer window . Czech midfielder Peter Jiracek has moved from Wolfsburg , signing a four year contract with the Rothausen . In Spain , Atletico Madrid strengthened their defence with the capture of Domingo Cisma from Racing Santander . The defender played for Atleti 's youth teams and declared he was "  back to stay " at the club , despite only signing a one year deal . "  A special group of players is being assembled here and I hope my arrival will increase the competition for places , " he said . Real Betis have completed the signing of French born Poland international Damien Perquis from Sochaux . Perquis has signed a three year contract after impressing during his brief appearances at Euro 2012 .	Javi Martinez completes $ 50m move from Athletic Bilbao to Bayern Munich Bayern chairman accuses Bilbao of "  refusing to cooperate " with German club Tottenham Hotspur complete the signing of Moussa Dembele from Fulham Former Bayern goalkeeper Michael Rensing moves to Leverkusen
CNN  -- A surveillance video of 8-year-old Sandra Cantu , missing since March 27 , shows the child in the mobile home park where she lives , skipping and happily swinging her arms on the day she disappeared in Tracy , California . A surveillance video shows Sandra Cantu skipping in the mobile home park where she lives . The grainy scene appears for about eight seconds before she disappears from view . Police Lt. Jeremy Watney showed the clip Saturday at a news conference , but offered no details . "  I ca n't get into specifics of where it came from . That 's all part of the investigation , " he said . "  The CD will show you exactly how she looked on that particular day when she went missing . " In the video , the girl emerges from a pathway at the Orchard Estates Mobile Home Park into what appears to be an alley . To her right is the corner of what looks like a wooden deck ; there seem to be deep shadows on the left . Watney said authorities initially thought Sandra was carrying a purse or backpack , but the images turned out to be shadows . He said authorities have "  hundreds of hours of videotapes " in the case . The day the child disappeared , she came home from school , kissed her mother and left to play with a friend who lives a couple of homes away . A short time later , she left that home to go to another friend 's home , according to a spokeswoman for her family . She was reported missing about 8 p.m. Sandra was wearing a pink Hello Kitty T-shirt and black leggings . Watney said the reward for information leading to her whereabouts has increased to $ 26,000 , and authorities are following more than 800 leads . More than 300 trained searchers from 17 agencies were out on Saturday . A door-to-door canvass moved outside of the park Saturday afternoon as police continued to collect details from residents in the area . Watney said police executed search warrants on a home , a vehicle and a person Friday , but nobody has been detained in the case . "  It 's just looking for clues and evidence " he said of the warrants . Watney said the reward for information leading to her whereabouts has increased to $ 26,000 , and authorities are following more than 900 leads . Over 300 trained searchers from 17 agencies were out on Saturday . On Monday night , Tracy police and FBI agents searched six locations , some in the Orchard Estates Mobile Home Park and some in Tracy . All of the places were connected to two men who live in the mobile home park , officials said . Authorities have not called the men suspects and have not named them publicly . They did not say how or if they might be related to the case . Police have said they do not believe Sandra ran away . The girl 's aunt , Angie Chavez , told CNN Headline News ' Nancy Grace that Sandra 's father lives in Mexico and was not around the day she disappeared . Tracy is about 60 miles east of San Francisco .	NEW : Video shows Sandra Cantu skipping near her home the day she went missing NEW : Grainy , 8-second image of the 8-year-old was shown at a news conference Girl had on a pink Hello Kitty T-shirt and black leggings the day she disappeared Reward has increased to $ 26,000 , and authorities are following more than 800 leads
Pyongyang , North Korea  CNN  -- The new leader of this isolated country has inaugurated a new veterans ' cemetery , on the first of what are expected to be several days of elaborate ceremonies celebrating the 60th anniversary of the conclusion of the Korean War . Several thousand North Koreans , some of them elderly veterans of the conflict , cheered and applauded when Kim Jong Un arrived at the sprawling new cemetery accompanied by uniformed military commanders and civilian officials . Kim did not speak to the audience . Instead , he cut a ribbon at the entrance to the cemetery compound , which is flanked by enormous monuments and statues depicting fierce North Korean soldiers . He departed after making a brief tour of some of the gravestones . Then the crowd , which included men in baggy , dark suits and ties and women dressed in bright puffy gowns , walked with reverence past graves decorated with medals of heroism . A woman named Kim Pu Ok flung herself weeping at the grave of her husband , a man named Chu Yung Hui who died at the age of 74 in 2011 . Kim said her husband was a pilot in the Vietnam War . She stood next to her son , who she said was also a pilot . "  There are five pilots in our family , " Kim said . "  I am very angry at the U.S. imperialist policy against North Korea . That is why all of my family became Korean People 's Army pilots -- to conquer the U.S. imperialists . " The North Korean government has invited a large number of foreign journalists to attend the 60th anniversary of the signing of the armistice , which brought an end to the Korean War . Pyongyang describes the war as a decisive North Korean victory over Washington and its South Korean allies . Among the foreign visitors invited to attend this week 's anniversary celebrations are several Chinese veterans and at least one former Soviet veteran of the conflict . Also present at Wednesday 's event was Thomas Hudner , a veteran U.S. Navy pilot who has been granted permission to return to North Korea to search for the remains of a fallen comrade . Hudner 's 60-year quest has been postponed , North Korean authorities say , because of torrential rains in the area where the remains are believed to be buried . Hudner has been invited back to resume his search in September . CNN 's Paula Hancocks in Pyongyang contributed to this report .	Kim Jong Un opens new war veterans ' cemetery in North Korean capital North Koreans set to commemorate 60th anniversary of end of Korean War Pyongyang government has invited a large number of foreign journalists
Quito , Ecuador  CNN  -- A judge in Ecuador ruled Wednesday that the directors and former opinion editor of El Universo newspaper must each serve three years in prison for an opinion article about President Rafael Correa , state media reported . The judge also ruled that the accused must pay $ 30 million , and the newspaper must pay $ 10 million , to Correa , the state-run El Ciudadano government information website reported . The case drew international attention from press-freedom advocates , who say Correa aims to crack down on critics by restricting the media . Correa filed a libel lawsuit after El Universo published a column in February by the newspaper 's then-opinion editor , titled , "  No to lies . " Correa argued that the article , which referred to him as a dictator , unjustly claimed he had ordered security forces to open fire at a hospital full of civilians last September . Correa said Tuesday that the article 's assertions were untrue , baseless and "  an outrage , " according to the state-run El Ciudadano government information website . The president told reporters that he hoped the case would set a precedent . A headline on El Ciudadano 's website Wednesday said the ruling was a "  symbol of the fight for true freedom of expression . " Alembert Vera , Correa 's lawyer , praised the judge 's decision . "  We have defended the right to honor , the right to dignity and any person who has felt offended or humiliated by the publication of false information , " Vera said , according to El Ciudadano . But the column 's author told CNN en Español in an exclusive interview Wednesday that Correa and others had misinterpreted his meaning . Emilio Palacio , El Universo 's former opinion editor , said he was not accusing the president of ordering an attack on innocent civilians , but instead saying that a future president who is an enemy of Correa could make such an accusation . Palacio said he planned to appeal the judge 's ruling , arguing that he was not given an opportunity to present evidence in court . "  We are living in a country where one can not say what is going on without facing the penalty of going to prison , " he said . Palacio resigned from his post at El Universo last week , saying he was innocent but wanted the lawsuit to end . On Wednesday , he said Correa was trying to break him and his former colleagues . "  For what ? To fill his pockets and impose a totalitarian regime . This is what the dictator Rafael Correa is trying to do , " he said . In a statement posted on its website , El Universo decried the ruling as "  a violation against the universal principle of freedom of expression " and vowed to appeal . "  El Universo newspapers rejects this 80-page sentence , delivered in record time  less than 24 hours  , by a judge said that he had worked until 5 a.m. to absorb details of the case , which has moved quickly through the hands of five distinct judges in four months , " the statement said . Pedro Valverde , an attorney representing El Universo , told CNN en Español Tuesday that the newspaper was not given an opportunity to fully present its side . He argued that the publication 's policies indicate that its directors have no influence on the content of its columns . On Tuesday , the newspaper 's directors offered to print a correction , but Correa said it was too late . "  The moment of gentlemen , of people who have ethics , has already passed , " he told reporters . Press-freedom advocates have criticized the case and other recent efforts to regulate media in Ecuador . In a statement Tuesday , the Inter American Press Association criticized "  the ongoing harassment of the Ecuador 's independent press through excessive and disproportionate legal suits by President Rafael Correa . " The Committee to Protect Journalists also weighed in on the libel lawsuit shortly after Correa filed it . "  Ecuador 's outdated criminal defamation provisions have been systematically used to punish critical journalists , " the New York-based organization said in a March statement . Palacio pledged Wednesday to keep writing , but urged others to take action . "  The independent press fought as far as it could . Now it is the citizens ' turn , united , mobilizing in the streets , " he wrote in a post on his Twitter account . CNN en Español 's Fernando del Rincon contributed to this report .	NEW : The column 's author says Correa misunderstood his meaning El Universo says the judge 's ruling violates free speech rights "  We have defended the right to honor , " Correa 's attorney says A judge rules that $ 40 million must be paid to Correa
PEOPLE.com  -- Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher announced their split on Thursday , but tensions have been building for some time . "  Ashton is unhappy ; -LSB- Demi -RSB- 's unhappy , " a source tells PEOPLE . "  It just got to a point where they had to end it . " Despite longtime problems , the exes did try to work on their relationship . Unfortunately , their issues -- which went beyond Kutcher 's alleged infidelities -- could n't be resolved . "  The fighting could get pretty intense , " an additional source says of Kutcher , 33 , and Moore , 49 . "  Whatever counseling they did was fine for a quick fix but could not get to the heart of the problem . " See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	A source says tensions between Ashton Kutcher and Demi Moore have been building for some time "  It just got to a point where they had to end it , " the source says "  The fighting could get pretty intense , " another source says
Sao Paulo  CNN  -- Motorola unveiled its new relatively low-cost smart phone on Wednesday , aimed at consumers in emerging markets and those on a tight budget everywhere . But the one country noticeably missing from the rollout of Moto G was China , thanks to the unfriendly relations with Motorola 's parent company Google . The Moto G will cost just $ 179 without a contract in the United States , about a third the cost of an iPhone 5c and about half the cost of a Galaxy S4 Mini . Motorola launched the new device in Sao Paulo , Brazil , in a presentation beamed around the globe . CEO Dennis Woodside said Moto G has set its sights on the whole world . "  It 's really designed to serve the half a billion in the world who next year will buy a smart phone for under $ 200 , " he told CNN ahead of the launch . Many of those people are in emerging markets , like Brazil , the world 's sixth largest economy with a rising middle class and a major smart phone market . The Moto G wo n't be offered in the U.S. until January and it will eventually go on sale in about 30 countries . In Brazil , sales began Wednesday . The phone starts at 649 reais or about $ 280 , compared to about $ 600 for the cheapest new iPhone without a contract . It 's aimed at the country 's emerging middle class -- people who often do n't have computers at home . "  Brazil is an incredibly vibrant market , " Woodside said . "  People are coming on to the mobile internet for the first time . " Industry observers at the launch said it should be a hot ticket heading into Christmas , with its price and features making it competitive . Those features include a big , high-resolution screen , the latest Android software a long-life battery , 8 GB of internal storage and a 5 megapixel camera . "  Most people in the world ca n't afford $ 500 , $ 600 for a smartphone , " said Woodside during the launch . "  We think the industry should provide more for the consumer dollar . " In the U.S. , Moto G is being targeted at the pre-paid market , especially students and children . As for China , it is the world 's biggest market for low-end mobile phones , but the government blocks many of the Google services -- like Gmail and Google Search -- that Motorola says will make Moto G the new smart phone of choice .	Motorola launches new phone to attract new markets The Moto G will be about a third of the cost of an iPhone 5c The new phone was launched in Sao Paulo China is the one major market not included in the rollout
Beijing  CNN  -- After walking several blocks through New York 's busy streets recently , I finally found Wang Juntao in the middle of Times Square , where the exiled Chinese dissident was holding a sit-down protest . Wearing a grey suit and yellow tie , Wang sits in a makeshift cage to dramatize the imprisonment of Wang Bingzhang , a fellow pro-democracy activist who has been imprisoned in China for the past 11 years . Occasionally , tourists come by to read the posters on display , which explain the plight of Wang in English and Chinese , before they walk away . Close by , a bank of giant video screens flash advertisements for a range of consumer products and , by coincidence , for Xinhua , China 's state-controlled news agency . Wang 's hairline is receding and his waistline has expanded , but he remains the quick-witted rabble-rouser I remember from our days as students at Peking University in China . "  Armed uprisings aside , I 've done all kinds on anti-establishment projects in a Communist society , " he says , talking at full throttle . "  And I did very well . Now I am looking forward to resuming it . " I remember Wang as a "  Wunderkind " who enrolled at a relatively young age as a nuclear physics student , even though his passion was in politics and the liberal arts . But in 1989 , he was imprisoned for over four years for his role as one of the "  Black Hands , " the term Chinese state media used for demonstration organizers , in the Tiananmen protests . He was eventually released on medical grounds in 1994 and found his way to the United States , where he enrolled at Harvard and Columbia , earning a Ph.D in political science in the process . Now 53 , Wang lives in New Jersey and is co-chairman of the China Democratic Party , which campaigns for change in his homeland . China 's Harvard Beida alumni like Wang are fiercely proud -- some say chauvinistic -- of the school 's free-spirit tradition and its reputation as "  China 's Harvard . " " ` Conquer or die ' , that 's one of Beida 's spirit , " Wang recalls . "  We care more about thinking or ideology than political achievements . " Peking University , known in Chinese simply as Beida from the first syllables of its Chinese name Beijing Daxue , was founded 114 years ago as a training ground for China 's intellectual leaders . Over the years , the university has been a bulwark of intellectual pursuit , academic freedom and patriotism . In 1919 , Beida students led street demonstrations in Beijing , known then as Peking , condemning Confucian traditions and values , as well as the foreign domination of their country . Years later , many became leaders of the so-called Red Guard -- a movement of young revolutionaries who swore allegiance to Mao Zedong -- during the convulsive Cultural Revolution  1966-76  , while others became the shock troops of the 1989 Tiananmen protests , organizing discussion groups , street demonstrations and hunger strikes . Crème de la crème When I enrolled at Beida in the fall of 1977 , the university was steeped in the political ferment that followed Chairman Mao 's death and the start of Deng Xiaoping 's reforms . My classmates , many of whom had worked on farms or in factories during the Cultural Revolution , were viewed by many as China 's crème de la crème . They belonged to the storied "  Class of ' 77 " who passed the first college entrance exams held after the Cultural Revolution . During the four years I spent at Beida , I met many other fascinating fellow students who went on to become important players in China 's divisive political scene . Among them was Bo Xilai , once one of the most powerful politicians in China , now disgraced and sentenced to life in prison for corruption and abuse of power . Bo majored in world history , while I studied Chinese history . Among my classmates , Bo stood out as a charismatic and gregarious one . He was not shy in striking up conversations with foreign students like me to practice English and chat about current affairs . A princeling -- his father Bo Yibo was a revered revolutionary veteran -- Bo seemed destined for a sterling political career , but in college he seemed more intent on pursuing a career as a foreign correspondent for China 's state media . After two years in Beida , he moved to the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences and enrolled in a master 's program in journalism . Years later , however , Bo did venture into politics , serving as a city mayor , provincial governor , minister of commerce and then a member of the powerful politburo of the Communist Party . Last year his political career crashed after his wife Gu Kailai was arrested and convicted for the murder of British businessman Neil Heywood . In September , Bo himself was convicted to life in prison for corruption and abuse of power . He is appealing his conviction but analysts say his political career is now over . Interestingly , Wang does not think Bo is finished just yet . "  When Bo was arrested last year , I had said that Bo 's political career had just begun . The Communist Party may have ended his political career within the party , but it has given him his political identity and charisma as a Leftist , and in a way has made him a martyr . " During his time as party chief in Chongqing -- China 's biggest metropolis -- Bo 's red-tinged economic policies , which included millions spent on social housing , garnered him rock star status among ordinary people increasingly frustrated by the growing wealth divide . But his populist stance and high-profile personal style did not go down well with others in the party , particularly the economically liberal and reform-oriented faction , who would not have lamented his dramatic fall from grace . "  Perhaps Bo will be our biggest opponent in the future , " adds Wang mischievously . Rise to the top Another Beida contemporary , Li Keqiang , has fared better . Li , who studied law and later earned a Ph.D. in Economics at Beida , is now one of the two most powerful leaders in China . Last November , he was catapulted into the top tier of the Communist Party during the party 's once-in-a-decade leadership transition before being installed as China 's premier in March . "  He gave me a good impression then and even now , " Wang tells me as he takes a break from his Times Square protest . "  He exuded the spirit of Beida -- vigorous , who prevailed with reason , virtue and performance rather than race , nationality and bloodline . " But Wang thinks Li has a dual character . "  On the one hand , Li is keen , diligent , eloquent and open-minded , not arrogant . On the other , he is savvy , a good listener and a sharp observer of different opinions from different sides , but he never crosses the forbidden zones . " After college , Li avoided political activism and dissent , or studying overseas , as many of his contemporaries chose to do . Instead , he opted to climb the ladder of the Communist Youth League -- a training ground for communist leaders -- where he became the protégé of the former President Hu Jintao . Analysts say Li is a virtual political clone of Hu . Looking back at the colorful careers of these three Beida contemporaries -- Bo on the Left , Wang on the Right and Li in the Center -- I am reminded of how our alma mater is so closely linked with China 's recent history and politics .	Wang Juntao , Bo Xilai , Li Keqiang were all students at Peking University in the 1970s Wang is now an exiled dissident , Bo is in prison , while Li is China 's premier Peking University , known in Chinese as Beida , founded as training ground for China 's intellectuals
Washington  CNN  -- The Justice Department remained tightlipped Friday as criticism mounted over the decision to hold the the September 11 terrorist attack trial in a civilian court in lower Manhattan . Earlier , senior Obama administration officials confirmed that the White House is considering moving the site of the trial if the Justice Department sees fit . "  Conversations have occurred within the administration to discuss contingency options should the possibility of a trial in lower Manhattan be foreclosed upon by Congress or locally , " a senior administration official said . Justice Department officials refused to acknowledge whether they are being pressed to find an alternative location , despite bipartisan concern that holding the trial in Manhattan would be too costly and disruptive . "  We 're reviewing our options , " said Justice Department spokesman Dean Boyd in a statement Friday . The administration 's turnabout comes after New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and other politicians expressed great concern over the costs and disruption of holding the trial of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four accomplices at a courthouse near Ground Zero in lower Manhattan . White House officials said President Obama agrees with Attorney General Eric Holder 's decision in November to try the suspects in a civilian criminal court in the United States , not a military tribunal . "  Currently our federal jails hold hundreds of convicted terrorists , and the president 's opinion has not changed on that , " White House spokesman Bill Burton said Thursday . White House officials say the decision about any possible alternate sites to try Mohammed and the others will come from the Justice Department . One government official close to the case said other New York locations , including a military site on New York Harbor 's Governor 's Island , are possibilities . And while Virginia sites also were mentioned as alternatives by former counterterrorism officials , Virginia Sen. Jim Webb , a Democrat , opposed moving the trial to his state . "  Bringing enemy combatants for detention or trial in Washington , D.C. , or Northern Virginia would unnecessarily burden these communities from both a financial and security perspective , " Webb said . New York police estimated the cost to the city would be over $ 200 million per year in what could be a multi-year trial and that over 2,000 checkpoints would need to be installed around Lower Manhattan . Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said additional protection would have to be deployed for the city , not just the core area of Manhattan . Residents like Pat Moore contemplated what it will be like to live through the trial . "  Those people would virtually be held prisoner in their homes , " Moore said of New Yorkers who live near the courthouse . "  We 've all been traumatized , any of us who were there that day " referring to September 11 . Bloomberg initially supported the move , saying "  it is fitting that 9/11 suspects face justice near the World Trade Center site where so many New Yorkers were murdered . " But this week he used different rhetoric when asked about a community agency 's proposal 's to relocate the trial , saying he would prefer the trial be held elsewhere , perhaps at a military base where it would be easier and cheaper to provide security . "  It 's going to cost an awful lot of money and disturb a lot of people , " Bloomberg said . On Thursday , a group of New York politicians urged the Obama administration to thoroughly re-examine locating the trials in downtown Manhattan . "  We are concerned that the administration has not fully considered the impact that the trials would have on lower Manhattan in choosing the Moynihan Courthouse in Foley Square , " U.S. Reps. Jerrold Nadler and Nydia Velazquez , both Democrats , and several state and local officials said in a letter dated Thursday to Holder . Also , a spokeswoman for Gov. David Paterson cited his "  hesitation " with the decision , citing the burdens it would pose on city residents . A spokesman for U.S. Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand raised financial concerns , saying her "  single biggest concern is making sure that the federal government cover the hundreds of millions of dollars per year cost to New York City for security during the trials . " Julie Menin , chairwoman of a city community advisory agency , proposed four alternative locations for the trial within the Southern District of Manhattan : Governors Island , Stewart Air National Guard Base in Newburgh , the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , and the Bureau of Prisons jail complex at FCI Otisville . A West Point spokesman said no one has officially requested a review of demands for such a trial , which would require in-depth study of legal and security concerns . Some U.S. senators -- including Homeland Security Committee chairman Joe Lieberman , I-Connecticut -- want the detainees tried in military commissions . A letter from one group of senators said a federal civilian trial would provide militants with "  one of the most visible platforms in the world to exalt their past acts and to rally others in support of further terrorism . " One congressman , U.S. Rep. Frank Wolf , R-Virginia , is planning to introduce legislation that would cut off funding for the trial and block transfer of the September 11 suspects to New York . U.S. Attorney 's Office spokesman Dean Boyd said the Justice Department "  can safely prosecute this case in the Southern District of New York while minimizing disruptions to the community to the greatest extent possible , consistent with security needs . " President Obama is "  committed to seeing " Mohammed , the mastermind of the attacks "  brought to justice , " Burton said . "  Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is a murderous thug who has admitted to crimes ... some of the most heinous crimes ever committed against our country , " he said . CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux , Terry Frieden and Cassie Spodak contributed to this report .	Moving site of 9/11 trial from Manhattan under consideration , administration officials say New York lawmakers urging White House to re-examine plan to try terror suspects there Justice Department will make decision about any alternate sites , officials say Officials : Obama agrees with move to try Khalid Sheikh Mohammed in civilian court
CNN  -- A satellite whose orbit is degrading is likely to crash back to Earth on Friday , and 26 pieces have a good chance of surviving the heat of re-entry , NASA said . Despite being pretty sure that the Upper Atmosphere Research Satellite , or UARS , will re-enter the atmosphere sometime Friday afternoon , U.S. time , NASA says there is no way to know where it will fall . Because the satellite travels thousands of miles in a matter of minutes , even minutes before re-entry , it will be impossible to pinpoint an exact location , Mark Matney of NASA 's Orbital Debris team said Wednesday . On top of that , he said , "  part of the problem is the spacecraft is tumbling in unpredictable ways and it is very difficult to very precisely pinpoint where it 's coming down even right before the re-entry . " NASA says most of the six-ton spacecraft is made of aluminum , which has a relatively low melting temperature and will burn up on re-entry . But about half a ton of material is likely to make it through . "  There are some pieces that are made of stainless steel and titanium and beryllium that have very high melting temperatures , and those pieces will survive , " Matney said . He said NASA has identified 26 pieces , ranging from tens of pounds to a few hundred pounds , that could make it . Because water covers about 70 percent of the Earth 's surface , NASA believes most , if not all the debris that survives will land in an ocean or sea . And even if pieces strike dry land , there 's very little risk any will hit people . Objects this size re-enter the Earth 's atmosphere about once a year , according to NASA . This is the largest NASA satellite to re-enter in about 30 years , but at six tons , it 's only a fraction of the size of the 75-ton Skylab that fell back to Earth in 1979 . Portions of it hit Western Australia .	Re-entry of the atmospheric research satellite is likely to come Friday afternoon , NASA says Most of the satellite will burn up during re-entry , it says There is little chance that the pieces that survive will hit anyone , it adds
CNN  -- Two tornadoes ripped into a New Orleans suburb Wednesday afternoon , damaging homes and knocking down power lines , but no injuries were reported , the National Weather Service and local authorities said . The storms hit in Kenner , Louisiana , near the city 's international airport . One damaged cars and roofs and brought down trees and electrical wires in northwestern Kenner , Jefferson Parish spokeswoman Kriss Fortunato said . Mike Efferson , a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in New Orleans , said the twister had estimated top winds of 90 mph . The second struck near a major intersection in eastern Kenner with 75 mph winds , cutting a swath two miles long and 75 yards wide , the weather service said . The first was rated an EF-1 on the Enhanced Fujita Scale used to grade tornadoes ; the second an EF-0 , the weather service said . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	No injuries reported from a pair of New Orleans-area tornadoes The twister struck the suburb of Kenner , near the city 's airport The first was an EF-1 ; the second , an EF-0
CNN  -- Even behind bars , James "  Whitey " Bulger is causing grief to Massachusetts residents . Court documents released Friday show Bulger 's attorneys , J.W. Carney and Hank Brennan , have been approved for more than $ 2.4 million in costs for representing one of Massachusetts most infamous criminals . According to the court documents , the Bulger defense team submitted vouchers for attorney fees incurred dating back to 2011 . The documents also indicate an additional $ 211,000 is awaiting approval . That would increase the total to nearly $ 2.7 million . The vouchers submitted cover everything from legal research to travel expenses . One of the individual vouchers submitted by Bulger 's defense team was for $ 166,610 in legal and investigative research . The court documents also indicate that neither Carney nor Brennan have submitted vouchers for the months of July or August . Once these vouchers are submitted , the taxpayers could be on the hook for even more . Man held in death of alleged Bulger extortion victim A judge decided Bulger met the criteria for a taxpayer-funded attorney when Bulger made the case he could n't afford an attorney . When authorities searched Bulger 's home they discovered an arsenal of weapons and $ 800,000 in assets that were subsequently frozen . Prosecutors argued before the trial started that Bulger likely had countless funds available to him in secret accounts , but they could n't persuade the judge . Bulger was arrested in Santa Monica , California , in 2011 after eluding authorities for nearly 16 years . He was found guilty on August 12 of racketeering and was linked to 11 killings that happened between 1973 and 1985 . Bulger 's sentencing hearing will be November 13 and 14 in Boston 's John Joseph Moakley Federal Courthouse . The 83-year-old Bulger faces a maximum sentence of life plus 30 years in prison .	James "  Whitey " Bulger has been convicted of racketeering and been linked to killings $ 800,000 was found in his home . Judge assigned him tax-funded lawyers Including outstanding attorney 's fees , bill is nearly $ 2.7 million
As a teenager in war-ravaged Sierra Leone , Ishmael Beah was brainwashed , drugged and forced to kill . "  We went from children who were afraid of gunshots to now children who were gunshots , " says Beah who became separated from his family at just 12 years old when his town was attacked . He says his family were later killed in the country 's vicious civil war , which lasted from 1991 to 2002 . During this period rebel groups like the Revolutionary United Front  RUF  -- who were notorious for hacking off limbs and indoctrinating children into their struggle -- fought government forces and their offshoots for control of the diamond rich West African state . Desperate for help , Beah says he wandered the countryside with a group of other children who had lost their families in similar circumstances . They managed to avoid the roaming RUF rebels but witnessed gunfights , ransacked villages and countless dead bodies along the way . "  I saw a man carrying his son that had been shot dead , but he was trying to run with him to the hospital , " Beah recalls . "  There was also  this woman had been running and she had a baby that was tied on her back . She 'd been running away from the fighting and the bullet had struck the baby and the baby had been killed but she did n't know . " Eventually Beah and his friends came across a rural camp they initially believed to be an army base . They soon realized however that they had in fact stumbled upon a battalion of breakaway Sierra Leonean soldiers . The splinter group opposed the RUF but were pursuing similarly vicious fighting tactics , including the deployment of child soldiers . Beah was taken in , given shelter and eventually trained to kill . "  Somebody being shot in front of you , or you yourself shooting somebody became just like drinking a glass of water . Children who refused to fight , kill or showed any weakness were ruthlessly dealt with . "  Emotions were n't allowed , " he continued . "  For example a nine-year-old boy cried because they missed their mother and they were shot , " he says of the era which was portrayed in the 2006 Hollywood film "  Blood Diamond , " starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Djimon Hounsou . See also : Sudan child soldier turned U.S. Olympian Speaking about the moment he became separated from his family , Beah recalls : "  I had gone to a talent show , I was interested in American hip-hop music , with my older brother , to another town and my town was attacked . I went from having an entire family to the next minute not having anything . It was very painful . " Now a U.N. goodwill ambassador , a law graduate and a best-selling author , Beah is heading the fight to publicize the plight of child soldiers in Africa . "  I do work with UNICEF to go to some of these places , but also to meet the young people who are coming from these experiences to reassure them that it is possible to come out of this , " he says . "  I can speak to these children . With proper integration this is the way you can have a successful removal of children from armed groups " See also : Former child soldier remembers Beah says he now has a greater understanding as to why children are viewed as such valuable fighting assets to groups like the RUF across Africa . According to the United Nations there remains an estimated 300,000 children involved in conflicts around the world today . "  Everybody always asks why do they go after children ? Because you can easily manipulate them , " he says . "  They also want to belong to something , especially if they live in a society that has collapsed completely . Their communities are broken down , they want to belong to anything slightly organized and these groups become that . " Beah felt this acceptance in his division of child soldiers and fought with the group for two years before eventually being rescued by UNICEF . He was taken to a rehab center in the Sierra Leone capital , Freetown , where he spent eight months learning about what happened to him and readjusting to life after the war . Those who worked at the center were frequently attacked by child soldiers finding it difficult to adapt to their new surroundings in the early days . "  We were very angry . We were very destructive . We destroyed the center where we were staying at  and  we burned some things up , " he says of his early months there . "  We beat up the staff members . They came back , we beat them up some more . " With time , and the patience of a carer named Nurse Esther , however , Beah says he was eventually able to reconnect to his lost childhood and remember the person he once was . He also credits the hip-hop music he loved as an innocent 12-year-old and the songs of Bob Marley as a major help in his recovery . See also : From child soldier to child savior Beah 's progress was so impressive that in 1996 he was selected to go to the United Nations and speak to a conference led by Graca Machel , Nelson Mandela 's wife , on the plight of child soldiers . It was during this trip that he would meet Laura Sims -- a UNICEF worker who would eventually adopt him and bring him to America when the conflict in Sierra Leone escalated to engulf Freetown in 1998 . Upon moving to the U.S. , Beah enrolled at the United Nations school in New York before going on to graduate in 2004 with a degree in Political Science from Oberlin College in Ohio . During his studies he also wrote a book on his experiences as a youth in Sierra Leone , "  A Long Way Gone : Memoirs of a Boy Soldier " . "  I finished this book before I graduated . I never intended to publish it but the idea for writing it was really this desire to just find a way to give the human context that was missing in the way the issue of child soldiers were discussed , " he says . His passion for bringing a greater understanding to the experiences of child soldiers has since led Beah to his current role as a U.N. ambassador for children affected by war . And he hopes to offer the same support to today 's child soldiers as Nurse Esther and the staff at the Freetown rehab center offered him . "  I witness UNICEF workers doing all of this and when these children were removed I felt their confusion , " he says . "  I 've been in that place before . All of a sudden you no longer have your military gear , you 're now a kid . " "  What I 'm saying to them is that everybody has the capacity to find their own talent with the right opportunities to do something more with their lives , and everybody can walk their own path . "	Ishmael Beah was a child soldier during the Sierra Leonean civil war Beah now works as a U.N. goodwill ambassador for children affected by war He hopes to act as an inspiration for child soldiers recovering from forced conflict experiences
CNN  -- Here is what the election next year is about : the fence-sitters , the independent voters . At this point , there is not much President Barack Obama can say that will win over conservatives , and given the current GOP field , he does n't have to worry too much about losing liberals . But what can he say to convince the middle to give him four more years ? Well , he could start by , to paraphrase Bonnie Raitt , giving them something to talk about . Vice President Hillary Clinton ? Now that 's a talker . Of course if Republicans do something silly like saddle themselves with Newt Gingrich or another polarizing figure , whose politics or past makes the nominee too unappealing to us independents , then there wo n't be a need for such a change at the top . However , if a moderate does make it out of the GOP , and Obama looks to be in a dogfight , I ca n't think of a ticket that would generate more wattage than Obama-Clinton ' 12 . Would the move be characterized by critics as an obvious ploy to attract women ? Well , yeah . And to a degree they 'll be right : After all , this is politics . But the critics would have to tread lightly , because Clinton would likely be at least as accomplished , and probably more so , than any other person on either ballot . This would not be Obama pulling a John McCain , selecting someone who is n't qualified in hopes of injecting fresh blood into a struggling campaign . If Clinton had to take over the presidency , I think many people on both sides can agree that scenario would be much more desirable than one in which Sarah Palin was running the show . In fact , comparing Clinton 's pedigree to Palin 's or GOP presidential candidate Michele Bachmann 's is like comparing an oak tree to a handful of seaweed . If Clinton was robbed before , she would receive recompense in 2012 , and by 2016 be in an even stronger position to be the first female president than she was in 2008 . Obama selecting Clinton as his running mate in 2008 , after a sometimes biting primary season , would have rung hollow . Now , after she 's spent four years working with him as secretary of state , an executive partnership would be accepted as authentic . This fall she said she had no interest in running for public office , which is not the same as saying she wo n't run . The reason why she was even approached with the question is because a fall Bloomberg poll found 34 % of Americans believe the country would 've been better if she 'd been in charge . Former Vice President Dick Cheney said he thought Clinton was going to win the Democratic nomination and that "  she 's probably the most competent person they 've got in their Cabinet , " and he suggested she should run against Obama in another primary . Of course Cheney was pushing his new book and probably trying to sow dissent , but he did echo what most everyone in Washington knows -- Clinton brings gravitas few people possess . If those who rallied around her presidential bid were to rally behind her for the vice-presidential nod , it 's hard to imagine who in the Republican field could match what she would bring . Part of the reason that Obama is vulnerable is not simply that the economy is struggling and Republicans are fired up to defeat him . It 's because his base does not appear to be fired up for him to win . Quite a few high-profile supporters have expressed disappointment . Quite a few low-profile supporters have expressed buyer 's remorse -- not for picking Obama over McCain but for selecting Obama over Clinton . Putting her name on the ticket as vice president would give Obama something Joe Biden never brought to the table -- buzz . Energy . Excitement . That 's no knock on Joe . OK , it is , but I 'm sure he knows he ca n't draw a crowd like Hillary . Sure , we 're 11 months away , and given that Gingrich is the sixth GOP front-runner in less than a year -- including two with reality TV shows -- a lot can still happen . But there is no denying that the electricity Obama generated during the 2007-08 campaign is simply not there this time . Some of his supporters are disappointed with the compromises he 's made since taking office . Others are frustrated he has n't done more to help their specific community or interest group . And while the economy is improving , the recovery numbers are way too pedestrian to be used as an inspiring talking point for voters sitting on the fence . Back in 2008 , political strategists on both sides of the aisle could offer a litany of reasons why Obama defeated McCain -- from the Republican candidate being framed as an extension of George W. Bush , to Obama 's charisma and an electorate excited by the opportunity to rewrite history . But a year from now , there wo n't be as many variables explaining why Obama won re-election . In fact , the rationale could likely summed up in one word : Hillary . Obama 's one-time foe is now his ace in the hole . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : An Obama-Clinton re-election ticket would give new life to campaign He says Clinton , accomplished politician , could lure independent and women voters He says the vice presidency would position her for a presidential run in 2016 Granderson : Obama 's former foe could be his ace in the hole
NEW YORK  CNN  -- With Sen. Hillary Clinton beside him , Sen. Barack Obama emphasized the challenges women in his family had overcome as he reached out to female voters at a fundraiser Thursday . Sens. Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton appears together during a fundraiser in New York Thursday . The New York event was the third in which the former rivals for the Democratic presidential nomination have appeared together this week . In an attempt to close any remaining rifts with Clinton 's backers , Obama has asked his supporters to help Clinton retire her roughly $ 22 million of campaign debt . Obama and Clinton have appeared together five times since Obama secured the Democratic presidential nomination in June . During the "  Women for Obama " event , the Illinois senator recounted how his mother , a single mom who put herself through school , once had to "  swallow her pride " and accept food stamps to feed her family . He also recalled how his grandmother worked her way from secretary to the vice president of a bank . "  But I also saw how she ultimately hit a glass ceiling -- how men no more qualified than she was kept moving up the corporate ladder ahead of her , " he said . Obama highlighted the struggles of his wife to balance the responsibilities of her job and parenting -- and admitted that he was somewhat complicit in the situation in which most of the parenting duties fall to his wife . Watch Obama talk about the women who shaped him " "  As the son , grandson and husband of hard-working mothers , I do n't accept an America that makes women choose between their kids and their careers , " Obama said . "  We take it for granted that women are the backbone of our families , but we too often ignore the fact that women are also the backbone of our middle class . "  And we wo n't truly have an economy that puts the needs of the middle class first until we ensure that when it comes to pay and benefits at work , women are treated like equal partners , " he said , urging a commitment to equal pay for women . He urged "  standing up for paid leave , and paid sick leave , because no one should be punished for getting sick or dealing with a family crisis . " Later on Thursday , Obama traveled to Fairfax , Virginia , to unveil a plan meant to increase women 's economic security . The plan includes a tax credit of up to $ 1,000 for families , an increase in the minimum wage and tax cuts to help working women pay for child care , among other provisions . Clinton , who introduced Obama , urged her supporters to back the Illinois senator , saying , "  It is critical that we join forces . The Democratic Party is a family -- sometimes dysfunctional . " Watch Clinton make her case for Obama " "  We shared this remarkable journey , and I could not be prouder to have this opportunity in front of so many of my friends and supporters to express my confidence in his candidacy and my commitment to ensuring that he will take the oath of office come next January 2009 , " she said . Obama , in turn , praised Clinton for her historic presidential run , saying , "  While this campaign has shown us how far we have to go , we also know that because of what Hillary accomplished , my daughters and yours look at America and themselves a little differently today . " Watch why Obama and Clinton are appearing together " Despite the public calls for unity , some of Clinton 's supporters have been hesitant to fall in behind Obama . With Clinton 's debt yet to be paid off , some of her supporters are balking at the idea of donating to Obama -- especially if he does not choose her to be his running mate . "  I certainly know there are lots of people who are withholding their money , " said Lynn Forester de Rothschild , one of Clinton 's "  Hill-raisers " who raised over $ 100,000 for the former first lady . Watch why some Clinton backers are balking " "  This is a hard decision for me personally because frankly I do n't like him . I feel like he is an elitist . I feel like he has not given me reason to trust him , " Rothschild said . That sentiment may be sending some Clinton fans into Sen. John McCain 's court . According to a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released last week , the number of Clinton supporters who say they plan to defect to the Republican presidential nominee 's camp is down from a month ago -- but numbers of those who say they plan to vote for Obama are also down . Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , D-Florida , spent two days in New York this week with disaffected Clinton supporters . "  It 's not unexpected that they would n't just automatically shift over to Obama , because they 're not the typical Democratic supporters that just automatically shift over , " she said . "  They need to be wooed . They need to be won over . "	Democratic nominee pledges to make it easier to balance work and family Obama urges equal pay , help with child and health care , paid sick leave Sen. Clinton joins Sen. Obama at "  Women for Obama " fundraiser Many Clinton supporters still are not ready to back Obama
Beijing  CNN  China has linked violence in its far-western Muslim region of Xinjiang to ISIS and says Chinese nationals have fought for the extremist group . The Communist Party chief of Xinjiang -- the region 's top official -- told reporters Tuesday to view mounting violence there in the context of a global jihadist movement , especially with the rise of ISIS -- also known as the Islamic State or IS . "  Some extremists in Xinjiang have participated in the IS and I think this further proves that intentional extremist forces can not be ignored , " said Zhang Chunxian on the sidelines of the annual session of China 's rubber-stamp parliament . "  As countries around the world have realized the dangers of IS ... we will work with others to stop it at its source . " A spate of violent attacks in Xinjiang -- a resource-rich area long inhabited by the Turkic-speaking Uyghurs -- has killed hundreds of people in the past two years . The government has blamed the incidents on Muslim Uyghur separatists seeking to establish an independent state . China 's state media had earlier reported on Muslim Uyghur militants trying to flee the country and join ISIS training camps in preparation for attacks back home . "  We cracked some cases involving people who had just returned after directly participating in fighting , " Zhang revealed . "  Such cases sometimes involve ` lone wolves ' and other times involve groups . " "  The IS situation is historically unprecedented , " he added , addressing criticism on the Xinjiang government 's lack of transparency . "  To solve such cases ... to ensure people 's safety , we sometimes have to keep things confidential and take our time . " Exiled Uyghur activists have long disputed the Chinese government 's assertions , pointing to the lack of evidence and accusing the authorities of using the alleged ISIS connection to justify their increasingly harsh rule in the region . Over the past decades , the arrival in Xinjiang of waves of Han Chinese , the country 's predominant ethnic group , has fueled ethnic tensions . Amnesty International has said Uyghurs face widespread discrimination in housing , education and employment , as well as curtailed religious freedom . Other critics have attributed the rise of violence in Xinjiang to Beijing 's repressive reign there -- a claim the government vehemently denies .	China has linked violence in its far-western Muslim region of Xinjiang to ISIS Top Xinjiang official says Chinese nationals have fought for the extremist group Uyghur activists dispute the assertions , pointing to the lack of evidence
CNN  -- The campus of Hampton University in Hampton , Virginia , was locked down for several hours Sunday morning after a former student shot two people in a dormitory and then shot himself , university and police officials said . A former Hampton University student allegedly shot two people and himself , locking down the campus Sunday . The former student entered Harkness Hall shortly before 1 a.m. by following a pizza deliveryman , said the university 's president , Dr. William Harvey , at an afternoon news conference . The former student shot the deliveryman and the night manager of the dorm , who came into the hall after he heard shots , Harvey explained . The man then shot himself . No one was killed in the incident , which prompted the evacuation of the dorm and a lockdown of the campus , the president said . The three wounded were taken to area hospitals , Harvey said . The dormitory night manager was treated and released , he said . Hampton city police said they had the shooter in custody . The motive for the shootings is not clear , university and law enforcement officials said . Harvey praised the first-responders to the incident , saying their quick action likely averted further tragedy . He also lauded the school 's system of text messages , e-mails and phone messages that warned students about the situation and the campus lockdown . Hampton is about 70 miles southeast of Richmond , Virginia .	Alleged shooter , a former student , entered Harkness Hall shortly before 1 a.m. Alleged shooter gained entry by following a pizza deliveryman Alleged shooter shot deliveryman , dorm night manager and self Hampton city police said they had the shooter in custody
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- In making "  Into the Wild , " Emile Hirsch forded rivers in Alaska , coped with blazing desert heat and rode raging rapids in the American Southwest . Emile Hirsch has starred in "  The Girl Next Door , " "  Lords of Dogtown " and now "  Into the Wild . " But ask him about a dangerous location he dealt with during the production of the Sean Penn film and he answers , "  South Dakota . " South Dakota ? It seems that Hirsch had a couple close calls while shooting scenes on a farm in the other Sunshine State . At one point , while in a grain elevator set to handle 300-pound loads , Hirsch took out the pin holding the elevator in place . The platform rose with such speed that it "  launched me in the air and shot wood chips all over me " when it hit the top , he recalled . "  Into the Wild , " based on Jon Krakauer 's bestselling book , is the story of Chris McCandless , whose good-natured restlessness drove him in search of soul-searching adventure . Watch Hirsch talk about life on the road " As he traveled through the West and Upper Plains on his way to Alaska , McCandless met farm workers , itinerant old hippies , a philosophical old man and a variety of other people , establishing short-lived relationships as he made his way along the road . At director Penn 's urging , the Los Angeles-raised Hirsch  "  The Girl Next Door , " "  Lords of Dogtown "  stayed true to McCandless ' spirit throughout filming , to the point of losing more than 40 pounds off his already slight , 5-foot-7-inch frame . "  That was part of the commitment of the role , " he said . But the impact of the film went beyond that , the actor said in an interview at CNN Center . "  It 's presumptuous to say I am changed , " he said , but added that the shock of going from "  civilization to the middle of nowhere " had its effect . "  A lot of Hollywood seems pretty ridiculous -LSB- now -RSB- , " he said . "  L.A. seems pretty goofy . " Of course , that 's nothing like the shock of going from the wilds of Alaska to the green-screened studios of Berlin , Germany , where he just finished principal photography of next summer 's big-budget production of "  Speed Racer . " "  There was a point where I was sitting in this green cockpit ... strapped in , getting rotated and spun around , " he recalls , "  and I was thinking about this : I went from being in the mountains with a big grizzly bear to being strapped in ... I 'm not making it very easy on myself , am I , " he recalled . He describes "  Speed Racer , " a Wachowski brothers  "  The Matrix "  film based on the 1960s cartoon as "  a really crazy , Andy Warhol-meets - ` Blade Runner ' kind of big colors , pop-art , really crazy special effects , very goofy movie . " With "  Into the Wild " now safely in Hirsch 's past , what he thinks about -- besides the outdoor travails -- was his work with several notable performers , including Catherine Keener , Hal Holbrook , William Hurt and Vince Vaughn . "  It was so much fun to go to all of these locations and work with different actors , " he says . They did n't work with each other , he observes , but "  I had the experience of being with all of them . I kind of connected them . " E-mail to a friend	Emile Hirsch stars in "  Into the Wild " Hirsch traveled same path as film 's protagonist , through West up to Alaska Hirsch recently finished principal filming for next summer 's "  Speed Racer "
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- A CNN correspondent on Monday angrily rejected a report by the Fox network that he and other journalists were used as human shields by Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi to prevent a missile attack on his compound . The Fox story , labeled "  exclusive " and posted on the Fox website Monday , said the presence of news crews from CNN , Reuters and other organizations forced a British aircraft to call off firing seven Storm Shadow missiles at the area that already had been hit . "  Officials from Libya 's Ministry of Information brought those journalists to the area to show them damage from the initial attack and to effectively use them as human shields , " said the Fox report . According to the Fox story , the curtailed strike "  led to a great deal of consternation by coalition commanders . " Nic Robertson , a veteran CNN correspondent who was part of the CNN crew cited in the Fox story , called the rival network 's report "  outrageous and hypocritical . " Robertson said a Fox staffer was among the journalists on the trip -- a fact left out of the Fox report -- and that the journalists in the group were hurried through their trip by their minders . "  To say it was a human shield is nuts , " Robertson said , later adding : "  I expect lies from the government here . I do n't expect it from other journalists . It 's frankly incredibly disappointing . " There was no immediate response from Fox to a CNN request for comment . The incident involved a trip Sunday night arranged by Libyan authorities to the Gadhafi compound that had been bombed earlier by coalition forces . Robertson said the 40 or so journalists on the bus were n't told ahead of time where they were going , and that there was no attempt by the Libyan minders to restrict anyone from getting on or off the bus before they left . Upon arrival , the journalists spent about 20 minutes at the damaged building and then were hurried to a tent where they waited with Gadhafi supporters for him to appear , Robertson said . Gadhafi never showed up , and the journalists went back to their bus and departed , according to Robertson . A government official even pushed him onto the bus as he tried to broadcast a live shot at the end , Robertson said . "  If they wanted to use us as human shields ... they would have kept us there longer , " Robertson said . "  That 's not what happened . " Robertson noted that the sole participant on the trip from Fox was n't normally a reporter or videographer , but was given a camera and told to go along . In general , Robertson said , the Fox team in Tripoli rarely goes on the reporting trips arranged by the government . The CNN team goes in order to get whatever information it can to assess what happened and compare it to government versions of events , he said . Otherwise , he noted , the journalists are dependent on government-edited videotape that likely omits key details . For example , U.S. officials called the Gadhafi compound a legitimate target because it included command and control capability , Robertson noted . "  We want to go and see : Is it a command and control system ? What are the telltale signs there that the government would n't want us to see ? " Robertson said .	Fox says journalists including a CNN crew were used as human shields in Libya Robertson : Fox report is "  outrageous and hypocritical " The Fox report did n't mention a Fox worker also was on the trip , Robertson says
Boston  CNN  Jurors in the Boston Marathon bombings trial were shown a key piece of evidence Tuesday : Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's writings on the inside of the boat he used as a hideout . Prosecutors presented photos of three panels of the boat that had messages written in pencil . Boston police Officer Todd Brown , a bomb squad member who cleared the boat of explosives , was on the witness stand to talk about the writings . Tsarnaev is charged with 30 counts related to the April 15 , 2013 , bombings that killed three people and wounded more than 260 others . A fourth person , an MIT police officer , was ambushed and killed in his patrol car three days after the bombings as Tsarnaev and his brother , Tamerlan , allegedly ran from police . Tamerlan Tsarnaev , 26 , was killed after a gunbattle with police . On Tuesday , Brown identified Dzhokhar Tsarnaev in court as the man he saw come out of the boat and get taken into custody . In the writings on the panels , some of Tsarnaev 's words were struck out by bullet holes . "  I 'm jealous of my brother who ha  bullet hole  ceived the reward of jannutul Firdaus  inshallah  before me , " one of the writings said , referring to the word for paradise . "  I do not mourn because his soul is very much alive . God has a plan for each person . Mine was to hide in this boat and shed some light on our actions . " Tsarnaev 's connections : Who 's who Tsarnaev 's defense has argued that he indeed participated in the bombings , but that he was influenced by his radicalized brother . In his writings on the boat , Tsarnaev asked Allah to allow him to reach the highest levels of heaven . "  The US Government is killing our innocent civilians but most of you already know that . As a  bullet hole  I ca n't stand to see such evil go unpunished . We Muslims are one body , you hurt one you hurt us all . Well at least that 's how muhhammad  bullet hole  wanted it to be  for  ever , " Tsarnaev wrote in the boat . Also Tuesday , prosecutors called on FBI agent Steve Kimball to discuss two Twitter accounts linked to Tsarnaev . One , @J_tsar , contained 1,100 tweets and was the more mainstream of the two . "  I shall die young , " @J_tsar tweeted on April 12 , 2012 . And four days later , on the day of the 2012 Boston Marathon , a tweet from the account read , "  They will spend their money & they will regret it & they will be defeated . " Timeline of the bombings , manhunt and aftermath Prosecutors argued that these tweets indicate an attack on the Boston Marathon was on his mind a year before the bombings . Tsarnaev attorney Miriam Conrad , who opted not to cross-examine the bombing survivors who testified during the first week of the trial , got Kimball to acknowledge that some of his information about the tweets came from other agents and that he did n't check them out for himself . Conrad also established that some of the tweets appeared to be rap lyrics . CNN 's Ann O'Neill reported from Boston , and Mariano Castillo wrote in Atlanta .	A police officer testifies about the writings Dzhokhar Tsarnaev scrawled on a boat The boat was Tsarnaev 's final hideout before his arrest
CNN  -- Three years ago Sharon Twitchell was miserable . Sharon Twitchell lost 110 pounds and went from wearing a size 22 to a size 2 in 10 months . Carrying 227 pounds on her tiny 5 ' 2 " frame , the 51-year-old mother and wife could barely squeeze into her plus-size clothing . Twitchell is the first of eight CNN.com I-Reporters who shared their weight loss stories with CNN . They revealed their secrets and reflected on the defining moments that motivated them to lose a combined total of 1,167 pounds and how the weight loss has changed their lives . "  I was wearing a size 22 and getting my clothes at stores where the biggest size was a 24 . I asked myself , ` Where are you going to buy your clothes after you get bigger than a size 24 ? ' " said Twitchell . Adding to her misery , Twitchell says her ballooning weight was also wreaking havoc on her 31-year marriage . "  We were literally just co-existing together , like roommates , " recalled Twitchell . "  Friends asked my husband to e-mail them a picture of us . Later , I discovered that he had sent them an old photograph taken when I was much smaller . Even though he loved me , he was embarrassed at how much weight I had gained . " Afraid she would have to purchase clothing from online stores catering to larger women , Twitchell told her husband she 'd had enough and was ready to make a change . Initially , Twitchell made an appointment with her physician in hopes that he would write her a prescription for a pill to help her lose weight . Instead , she says she saw the "  w " begin to form on his lips and knew he was going to recommend she try Weight Watchers . Uncomfortable with the thought of going to actual meetings , Twitchell lost 30 pounds on her own and eventually joined the online Weight Watchers POINTS program on October 26 , 2004 . She also bought an elliptical machine and a recumbent bicycle and started working out six days a week . The pounds melted off . Ten months and another 80 pounds later , she reached her goal weight on August 26 , 2005 . Twitchell says she has n't been this size since before her first daughter was born . She now weighs 117 pounds and wears a size 2 or 4 , depending on the store . How has this changed her life ? "  I have a marriage again , " says Twitchell , who recently retired and relocated with her husband from New Jersey to their new home in the mountains of western North Carolina . "  When I finally reached my goal  weight  , my wedding ring was two sizes too big . I had already had it resized twice and the jeweler was hesitant that I might lose more weight . Rather than resize it , my husband bought me a new beautiful diamond ring and when he gave it to me he said this was a renewal of our wedding vows , " she recalled . Twitchell says her husband keeps telling people that he 's got his wife back . This August , the couple will celebrate their 33rd wedding anniversary and they could n't be happier . "  If I can lose 110 pounds , anyone can , " says Twitchell . iReport.com : Have you lost weight ? Share your story , photos and video . E-mail to a friend	Sharon Twitchell barely fit into a size 22 as her weight peaked at 227 lbs . An online weight loss program and regular exercise helped her lose 110 lbs .
London  CNN  -- They 've spent 10 years together , swinging by the Earth and Mars on a cosmic roadtrip that has taken them to a mysterious celestial body but on Wednesday they are due to separate -- the parting marked with farewell photographs . Watch Rosetta 's incredible journey The Philae landing craft that is due to touch down on the surface of a comet hurtling towards the Sun will snap some images of the mother ship Rosetta after it breaks its bonds and embarks on its seven-hour descent to the surface of Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko -- 67P for short . Rosetta has already become the first probe to orbit a comet , and , if successful , Philae will notch up another achievement by becoming the first craft to land on one . Led by the European Space Agency  ESA  with a consortium of partners including NASA , scientists hope to learn more about the composition of comets and how they interact with the solar wind -- high energy particles blasted into space by the Sun . Some believe water may have been brought to Earth by comets , or even the chemicals that make up the building blocks of life . This mission may shed new light on the theory as Philae is equipped to detect organic chemicals on the surface . "  It 's quite extraordinary that we are able to do this -- to track a comet and see the evolution of a comet . We have a ringside seat , " said ESA lander system engineer Laurence O'Rourke . Rosetta comet landing : ` We can do amazing things , if we dream big ' "  This is the first time this has been done -- to land on a comet , to follow it . " But the landing on November 12 is fraught with difficulty . Engineers can not steer Philae once it has separated from Rosetta and the trajectory has to be programed . Choosing a suitable set down point has also been problematic . Rosetta 's survey from orbit revealed an irregular shaped body that is littered with boulders -- and scientists needed to find a site that is in enough light to charge Philae 's batteries . O'Rourke says there 's lots of risks and puts their chances of success at about 70 % . "  You have to face reality , " he said . This was the best of the five possible landing sites -- we 've got what the comet has given us . It 's the best of the worst . "  There 's craters , crevices , boulders , gravelly areas . It -LSB- Philae -RSB- could tip over . The comet is a very strange structure and there 's a lot of luck involved , " he said . The comet 's gravity is so weak that there 's also a danger that Philae could bounce off so it has been designed to grip on like a limpet . O'Rourke explained that at touchdown , harpoons from two of the three feet fire into the surface and the attached cords rewind to help anchor the craft . A thruster on top of the probe fires to push down the probe , and screws on each foot bore into the surface -- all within 15 seconds of landing . If it works then the surface science can really begin . Philae will capture a high-resolution image of the landing site just before it sets down and then return a panoramic picture from its seven cameras on the top edge of the craft . Even the harpoons have another use . "  This is very cool , " said O'Rourke . "  Accelerometers in the harpoons can measure the deceleration so you get a very good idea of the ` hardness ' of the surface . It 's an amazing what Philae can do , " he said . Mission controllers will face a nail-biting wait for first news from the spacecraft . At landing , O'Rourke says the comet will be more than 500 million kilometers  310 million miles  from Earth so a signal from the probe will take just short of half an hour to reach us -- and more than an hour for the first pictures . Philae carries nine instruments that ESA says will measure the density and thermal properties of the surface , magnetic fields , gases , and the interaction between the comet and the solar wind . It also has a drill that can bore up to 20 centimeters  12.4 inches  into the comet and return a sample to a tiny oven that will heat the material and analyze its content . Philae has an initial 65 hours of battery life but scientists hope they will be able to recharge and continue working for three months . After that , they believe the comet will be so close to the Sun and the temperature so intense that Philae will not be able to operate . Robert Massey of the Royal Astronomical Society in London says if the landing succeeds it will be an amazing achievement . "  Rosetta matters because it 's the first time we 'll be able to see and analyze a comet from its surface . Hopefully we 'll also have the incredible experience of watching that surface change as the comet swings in towards the Sun . It might just be that Philae lands right next to an erupting jet that spews out the material that becomes the cometary tail . " Comet 67P is already giving off a dust jet as it is warmed by the Sun -- something that can be seen from recent Rosetta images . O'Rourke says that the coma  the gas around the comet  already extends to 19,000 km  11,875 miles  but the comet will eventually have a tail 100,000 km  62,000 miles  long as its orbit takes it closer to the Sun . The comet will make its closest approach to the Sun in August 2015 before returning to the outer solar system . Philae may not be working then but ESA mission controllers hope that Rosetta is still returning data a year from now . You can follow Rosetta 's progress on ESA 's blog CNN special coverage : Rosetta and its mission	ESA 's Philae landing craft is due to touch down on a comet surface on November 12 The mission may shed light on whether water may have been brought to Earth by comets Philae has been designed to grip like a limpet because the comet 's gravity is so weak If successful , first pictures could come back about two hours after landing
Rescuers plucked stranded New Jersey residents from flooded neighborhoods , workers pumped water from swamped Manhattan tunnels and stunned homeowners dug through the wreckage of their houses Tuesday after Superstorm Sandy ripped into the Northeast . "  I 've lived here for 39 years , " Toms River , New Jersey , restaurateur Keith Paul told CNN . "  I 've been through several hurricanes , going back to Gloria . And I 've never seen anything like this at all . " Sandy struck land near Atlantic City , New Jersey , around high tide Monday night , whipping up a storm surge that ripped apart piers on the Jersey Shore and inundated subway and highway tunnels in New York . The U.S. death toll rose to at least 33 by late Tuesday , spanning the Eastern Seaboard from North Carolina to Connecticut , plus one in Canada . That 's on top of the 67 fatalities inflicted in the Caribbean last week . "  I never thought I 'd see what I saw today , " New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie told reporters after spending the day reviewing the damage to his state . Photos : Aftermath of Superstorm Sandy Recovery efforts were starting to take hold Tuesday night . The number of electric customers shivering without power fell to just under 6.9 million , down from nearly 8 million reported earlier in the day across 15 states and the District of Columbia . Two of the New York area 's major airports , John F. Kennedy and Newark Liberty , were slated to reopen Wednesday with limited service . But thousands of people waited in shelters , not knowing whether their homes had survived . Salt water streamed down the concrete canyons of lower Manhattan as utility workers pumped out the passages that run beneath the city . And as if the water was n't enough , the Queens neighborhood of Breezy Point lost scores of homes to an inferno that erupted at the height of the storm even as other houses within a few blocks were washed away . "  In all honesty , it looks like a war zone , " Breezy Point resident Mike Long said . "  It looks like during the night , that fighter planes or bombers came through and just bombed the entire area . It just looks terrible . " Sandy 's impact : State by state Christie said about 1,000 people had been rescued Tuesday . But those efforts were scaled back at nightfall because of the hazards lurking in the dark , swirling water that lingered across much of the region . "  There 's poles down , there 's trees down across wires with transformers blowing up on the street , " Paul said . "  You go out and walk around , it 's dangerous , because if you hit a puddle and it 's got electricity -- there 's really not much you can do until things get cleaned up a little bit . " And in Newark , Mayor Cory Booker said authorities there were still struggling to get help to residents with medical problems . "  I 've got high-rise buildings with seniors who might be dependent upon power and electricity for medical machines , people who have medicine that requires refrigeration , " Booker said . "  We have to get to those people , have to get them secure , got to get them to hospital . We still have flooded areas . We still have a lot of challenges . " NYU hospital evacuates patients Atlantic City , famed for its beaches , boardwalk and blackjack , became an extension of the ocean as seaweed and flotsam swirled in the knee-deep water covering downtown streets . But while the property damage there was "  pretty extensive , " Mayor Lorenzo Langford said , "  I 'm happy to report that the human damage , if you will , has been minimal . " One fatality had been reported in Atlantic City , Christie said Tuesday night . Parts of the boardwalk were washed out in the storm , Langford said , but the Atlantic City Alliance , which promotes tourism there , said the damage was limited to a residential area away from the district most tourists visit . Christie said seeing the damage left behind to the state 's treasured beaches was "  overwhelming , " to him "  as a kid born and raised in this state . " "  We will rebuild it . No question in my mind , we 'll rebuild it , " he said . "  But for those of us who are my age , it wo n't be the same . It will be different because many of the iconic things that made it what it was are now gone and washed in to the ocean . " Transit systems struggle to restart Across the Hudson River , meanwhile , parts of New York could be without electric service for four days , Consolidated Edison President Kevin Burke told reporters . Mayor Michael Bloomberg said restoring power and mass transit were the biggest challenges facing officials in the days ahead . "  I 'm happy to say it 's the beginning of a process that we all know will take a while , " Bloomberg said . "  But this is the end of the downside , and hopefully from here is going up . " Free but limited bus service was resumed Tuesday evening to take up some of the slack left behind by the crippled subway system , and the New York Stock Exchange was scheduled to resume trading Wednesday morning . Powerful Superstorm images flood social media While the East Coast was still grappling with the scope of the disaster , federal officials warned that Sandy was an ongoing concern with the potential to inflict more pain on inland states . The storm was centered about 50 miles east of Pittsburgh and packing 45-mph winds Tuesday evening , bringing flood warnings to Michigan , Ohio and Pennsylvania and blizzard warnings to higher elevations in the Appalachian Mountains . "  The coastal impacts are certainly less today than they were last night , but the effects are not zero , " National Hurricane Center Director Rick Knabb told reporters in a conference call . Forecasters predict the storm 's center of circulation will be north of the Great Lakes by Wednesday . But coastal flooding in the 2 - to 4-foot range could still occur "  in spots , " while the potential for other floods stretched as far west as Lake Michigan , Knabb said . Superstorm Sandy 's toll The full scale of Sandy 's wrath has yet to be determined . But according to a government prediction , the storm 's wind damage alone could result in more than $ 7 billion . One estimate from Kinetic Analysis Corp. , which conducts weather hazard assessments , said the storm 's economic impact could be up to $ 25 billion . In Washington , President Barack Obama pledged the full support of the federal government for recovery efforts . He signed major disaster declarations for New Jersey and New York on Tuesday , clearing the way for federal aid to residents and to state and local authorities . "  My instructions to the federal agency has been , ` Do not figure out why we ca n't do something . I want you to figure out how we do something . I want you to cut through red tape . I want you to cut through bureaucracy . ' There 's no excuse for inaction at this point , " Obama said during a visit to the headquarters of the American Red Cross . "  I want every agency to lean forward and to make sure that we are getting the resources where they need -- where they 're needed as quickly as possible . " Waking up to floods , fires and darkness after Sandy The storm 's timing a week before the presidential election is tricky for Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney . Both candidates sought to balance the real threat of a killer storm against the need to squeeze out any last-minute advantages in battleground states ahead of next Tuesday 's vote . Obama discarded campaign events in Florida and Virginia to return to Washington and address the storm from the White House . He was scheduled to travel to New Jersey on Wednesday and survey storm damage , the White House said . On Tuesday , Romney swapped campaign rallies for a relief event in Ohio . "  We have heavy hearts as you know with all the suffering going on in a major part of our country . A lot of people are hurting this morning , " said Romney , adding that he had the chance to speak with some of the governors from the affected areas . Here 's how you can help	"  It looks like a war zone , " Breezy Point resident says "  This is the end of the downside , " Bloomberg tells New Yorkers Sandy 's U.S. toll rises to 33 ; nearly 6.9 million without power Christie vows to rebuild Jersey Shore , but "  it wo n't be the same "
Why my brother ? Jordan Somers indirectly puts the question to al Qaeda militants in Yemen in a video message , in which he and his mother plead with them to let American Luke Somers go . The Islamists have threatened to kill the photojournalist who fell into their hands in September last year , if Washington does n't meet their demands . "  We have no explanation as to why Luke was targeted as a victim , and we currently do n't know why he is being held , " Jordan Somers tells them . He wants his captors to believe that his brother is a good man who cares about Yemenis . "  He has made many lasting friends in Yemen , " he says . Special forces raid A raid by U.S. and Yemeni special forces last month that freed eight hostages could have also rescued Luke Somers , but a move by his captors prevented it . Then this week , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , or AQAP , released the video threatening his life and showing Somers pleading for it . Nasser bin Ali al-Ansi , who read a statement for al Qaeda in the video , did not name the demands the terrorist group expects the U.S. government to meet , but said that Washington knows what they are . Special forces planned the raid after al Qaeda militants were spotted transferring the hostages into pickups , "  chained and covered in blankets , " according to a website associated with Yemen 's defense ministry . Militants drove them to a cave over 65 miles away from the town of Hajir al-Saiyer . U.S. and Yemeni special forces outfitted with night visors embarked on the mission about four miles from the cave . They encountered the kidnappers near its entrance ; a gun battle ensued , and the special forces killed all seven abductors . They also freed eight chained up hostages , who told them that militants had moved five more hostages to another location , according to the Yemeni defense ministry account . That included Somers . ` We mean no harm ' His brother Jordan asks the AQAP militants not to fault Somers or his family . "  He is not responsible for any actions that the U.S. government has taken . Please understand that we had no prior knowledge of the rescue attempt for Luke , and we mean no harm to anyone , " Jordan Somers said . The Yemeni account did not mention the U.S. Special Forces , but a U.S. official confirmed their participation . CNN , at the request of the government , delayed reporting the information about the raid , so as not to endanger the search for Somers and the other hostages at that time . Somers appeared in the AQAP video asking for help and identifying himself . "  My name is Luke Somers . I 'm 33 years old . I was born in England , but I carry American citizenship and have lived in America for most of my life , " he said . Mother 's plea He was dressed in a nice shirt and at least appeared clean and healthy . This did not escape his mother . "  We note that you have taken good care of Luke , and he appears healthy . We thank you for that , " Paula Somers says in the family 's response video to AQAP . "  Please show mercy and give us an opportunity to see our Luke again . He is all that we have , " she says . She tells her son that the family is doing all it can to help him . They want to hold him safe in their arms again . More on detained Americans	A U.S. and Yemeni special forces raid last week freed hostages but not the American Luke Somers is a photojournalist who was captured in September 2013 Special forces planned the raid , when AQAP militants were seen transferring hostages The militants had split the hostages into two groups two days before the raid
CNN  -- Three of the largest Sikh advocacy groups in the United States are opposing airport passenger screening measures they say require hand-searches of turbans , despite the use of electronic imaging technology . The Sikh Coalition , United Sikhs and the Sikh American Legal Defense and Education Fund are lobbying members of Congress in an effort to pressure federal transportation authorities to re-examine a policy they say unfairly scrutinizes members of the Sikh community . "  Sikh Americans are already looked at differently in this country , " said the Sikh Coalition 's director of programs , Amardeep Singh . "  Once you start pulling Sikhs aside for extra screening , it sends a message that the government is suspicious of them for the same reasons -LSB- other passengers -RSB- are suspicious of them . " The U.S. Transportation Security Administration adjusted security procedures in 2007 to include provisions for "  bulky " clothing that includes headwear , according to an agency statement . Removal of all headwear is recommended , it said , but the rules are meant to accommodate passengers who may not want to remove the items for religious , medical , or other reasons . Transportation officials would not confirm whether "  advanced imaging technology " can sufficiently see through turbans , citing security reasons . Despite the advent of the advanced technology , transportation security officers are permitted to use "  professional discretion " in determining if a particular item of clothing should be subject to further screening , according to the statement . Authorities say the policy has remained unchanged since 2007 , but Sikh advocacy groups argue that airport security procedures were recently ramped up to include extra screening for all turban-wearing passengers . Singh said U.S. Sikh groups that had once observed "  a patchwork of -LSB- airport security -RSB- policies " are now witnessing a process in which "  all turbans are searched . " CNN was not able to independently verify that claim .	Sikh groups oppose airport screening rules they say now require searches of turbans Transportation officials say the policy has not changed Security officials can use "  professional discretion " to supplement imaging technology
CNN  -- British billionaire Richard Branson 's dream of space travel that thousands of people can afford took a leap toward reality with the maiden flight of the world 's first commercial spacecraft over California 's Mojave Desert . Branson 's company Virgin Galactic announced Monday that the VSS Enterprise had successfully completed what it called a captive carry flight attached to a carrier plane . The spacecraft 's developer called it a "  momentous day . " "  The captive carry flight signifies the start of what we believe will be extremely exciting and successful spaceship flight test program , " said Burt Rutan , founder of Scaled Composites , which built the spacecraft . The VSS Enterprise remained attached to its carrier aircraft for the duration of the 2-hour , 54-minute flight , reaching an altitude of 45,000 feet , according to a statement from Virgin . Eventually , the 60-foot long rocket plane will be taken 60,000 feet above the Earth by its carrier and fire rockets to propel itself into space . The test-flight program is expected to continue through 2011 , going first to a free glide and then to a powered flight before commercial flights begin . "  Seeing the finished spaceship in December was a major day for us but watching VSS Enterprise fly for the first time really brings home what beautiful , ground-breaking vehicles Burt and his team have developed for us , " Branson said . "  Today was another major step along that road and a testament to U.S. engineering and innovation , " he said . Virgin Galactic has envisioned one flight a week , with six tourists aboard . Each will pay $ 200,000 for the ride and train for at least three days before going . About 80,000 people have placed their names on the waiting list for seats . "  What we want to be able to do is bring space travel down to a price range where hundreds of thousands of people would be able to experience space , and they never dreamed that -LSB- they -RSB- could , " Branson said last year . He has said he hopes the technology will lead to a new form of Earth travel , jetting people across oceans and continents faster through suborbital routes .	VSS Enterprise remained attached to carrier aircraft for duration of near 3-hour flight Test-flight program is expected to continue through 2011 before commercial flights start Virgin Galactic has envisioned one flight a week , with six tourists aboard Each will pay $ 200,000 for the ride and train for at least three days before going
CNN  -- It 's a bit like train-spotting but rather more serious . On October 10 , Korea-watchers pored over live televised coverage of a massive military parade in Pyongyang , held to mark the 65th anniversary of North Korea 's ruling party . Just like the Soviet parades of yore , it was a chance to see what military hardware the North might be showing off . The official news agency said the parade showed "  the will and might of Songun Korea to wipe out the enemy . " The hardware was accompanied by slogans such as "  Defeat the U.S. Military . U.S. soldiers are the Korean People 's Army 's enemy . " And besides the incredible synchronized goose-stepping , there were tanks and new missiles . Analysts paid special attention to the first public appearance of a road-mobile ballistic missile with a projected range of between 3,000 and 4,000 kilometers  roughly 1,900 to 2,400 miles  , though reports of its existence had circulated for several years . There was also a new version of the No-dong ballistic missile , with a tri-conic nosecone , on show . That led Aviation Weekly and others to observe design similarities to Iran 's Shahab missiles , suggesting further military cooperation between the two governments . North Korea 's nuclear capability and ballistic missile technology are its trump card , to make up for its aging conventional forces and as a bargaining chip in negotiations . So that 's what receives the bulk of funding and expertise . But despite economic stagnation , technological limitations and international sanctions , its conventional forces ca n't be discounted , if only because of their size . According to South Korean analysts , the North scraped together what little foreign exchange it had to buy $ 65 million of weapons from China , Russia and eastern Europe between 2002 and 2008 . One example : It appears to have bought Chinese-made ZM-87 anti-personnel lasers , using one to "  illuminate " two U.S. Army Apache helicopters flying along the southern side of the Demilitarized Zone in 2003 . None of the crew members was injured . China says it continues to be open to military collaboration with Pyongyang and last month welcomed a senior North Korean official to Beijing to "  enhance coordination of the two militaries . " China is thought to have supplied the North with multiple rocket launchers and spare parts for planes , among other equipment . Pyongyang has also turned to Iran and Egypt for military transfers . Much of the North 's hardware is locally built using Chinese and Russian templates . It has begun deploying a new tank , called the P'okpoong  Storm  , which is modeled on the Russian T-62 tank but hardly a match for modern U.S. battle tanks . It 's not clear how many of these are in service , but Jane 's Armed Forces Editor Alexander von Rosenbach says it is thought that only a few have been delivered -- and they lack devices like thermal imaging sights . Also on show at the October parade : a new surface-to-air missile similar to a Chinese model . Jane 's concluded that it represented "  a major expansion in North Korea 's air defense potential , " with a radar/guidance system that would be harder to jam . And although little is known about the size and scope of the North 's artillery , the barrage fired this week at Yeonpyeong Island suggests that it ca n't be ignored . The North Korean regime has also devoted great resources to developing its navy , not with battleships but fast-attack vessels and an array of submarines . Jane 's estimates that it has more than 400 surface vessels . And it is not hesitant to use its maritime forces , as demonstrated by the sinking of the 1,200-ton South Korean corvette Cheonan by a torpedo in March . But in a confrontation , the South Korean navy is likely to come off best , as happened in a firefight in 1999 . The main weakness of the North 's military is a chronic shortage of computers , modern command and control and electronic warfare assets -- in other words , much of what makes up the 21st-century battlefield . At the same time , South Korea has used its economic strength to modernize its armed forces : for example , building three $ 1 billion Aegis-class destroyers to counter ballistic missiles . The same applies in the air . North Korea 's air force largely comprises aging Soviet MiG fighters  though it has some MiG 29s  that would be unable to compete with South Korean F-15 jets or the F-16 fighters of the U.S. 7th Air Force , based in South Korea . In addition , the North 's air force has suffered fuel shortages , and Jane 's estimated that the North 's fighter pilots may get as little as 25 flying hours per year . The North Koreans also have a large fleet of Russian-design biplanes that would be better suited to crop-spraying but could be used to drop special forces behind enemy lines in the event of conflict . To compensate for obsolescence , the North deploys boots on the ground in great numbers . Jane 's estimates that its standing army numbers just over 1 million personnel , with reserves estimated at more than 7 million . But North Korean soldiers are poorly fed , according to analysts and reports from defectors , and rarely train due to scarcity of fuel and ammunition Despite the size of its armed forces , few analysts expect that the regime in the North would want to launch a general assault on the South , knowing that it would probably be repulsed and that in turn would imperil the regime . It might also ignite dissent . "  With the ongoing leadership transition in North Korea , there have been rumors of discontent within the military , and the current actions may reflect miscommunications or worse within the North 's command-and-control structure , " geopolitical risk analysis firm Stratfor says . There is another practical reason why a land invasion would be difficult . South Korea has built an array of obstructions on roads from the North that would force an invader 's tanks off the pavement and into rice fields . Only in the winter would those fields be hard enough to allow the tanks to cross them . Short of a general assault , the North clearly has enough in its arsenal to cause damage and death to its adversary , as the torpedo attack in March and the barrage this week have shown . And it has thousands of artillery pieces close to the Demilitarized Zone , which is just 30 kilometers  18 miles  from Seoul . Recent events show that it is also quite ready to exploit the element of surprise . There remains the great unanswered question about intentions . There 's plenty of what one expert calls "  echo chamber analysis . " But as former President Carter wrote with a hint of understatement in the Washington Post on Wednesday : "  No one can completely understand the motivations of the North Koreans . "	A massive military parade in October gave a rare window on North Korea 's hardware Its nuclear capability and ballistic missile technology are its trump card Most analysts doubt North Korea would want to launch a direct assault on the South But recent developments show it has enough in its arsenal to cause damage and death
CNN  -- While millions of Christians worldwide will celebrate Easter this weekend , David Silverman has other plans . Silverman will join about 300 atheists in a Newark , New Jersey , hotel ballroom to proclaim another message : The atheist movement in America is growing . Silverman will participate in the 36th annual American Atheists National Convention at the Newark Liberty Renaissance Hotel . He 'll also try to clear up a misconception : Atheists are n't immoral , and they do n't worship Satan . That 's what many people assume when he tells them that he belongs to an atheist group , Silverman says . "  We have a lot of wonderful people , " he said . "  I have n't sacrificed any Christian babies . I have n't danced naked under the stars . I have n't stolen anything . " What Silverman is doing instead is talking up the "  resurgence " among atheists . He says atheists once felt isolated and misunderstood . Two events changed that , he says : the rise of the Internet and the election of George W. Bush . Bush 's polarizing presidency showed people how bad things could turn "  if religion was in charge , " he said . The Internet showed atheists that they were n't alone , as they sought out and encouraged one another . "  Closet atheists are coming out all over the country , " Silverman said , estimating that his group has 4,000 members . "  Anybody can go on the Internet and read blogs , Facebook pages , and know that there are millions like them . " Those who ask why people need God are also raising their public profile in other ways . Richard Dawkins , author of "  The God Delusion , " and Sam Harris , author of "  The End of Faith , " have best-selling books questioning the need for religion . Silverman says a coalition of groups , including American Atheists , met with White House officials in February to discuss more tolerance for nonbelievers . He takes pains to say that atheists respect those who believe otherwise . But if that 's so , why hold a convention on Easter weekend ? Silverman chuckled at the question . "  It 's not a slam against Easter , " he said . "  We always have our national convention on Easter weekend . The hotels are cheap , and everybody has time off . "	American Atheists group meets Easter weekend Group seeks to debunk stereotypes about atheists Leader says atheists are becoming more accepted "  I have n't danced naked under the stars , " he says
CNN  -- It 's a shame that Jackie Kennedy , Robert Kennedy and Teddy Kennedy ca n't experience the transformation of Dallas and Texas from the dark days of John F. Kennedy 's assassination in 1963 to the outpouring of tribute to him taking shape as the 50th anniversary approaches . People have debated for decades since that tragic day whether Dallas was "  a city of hate " that brought about his murder . Certainly some factors contributed to that perception : Then-vice presidential candidate Lyndon Johnson and his wife , Ladybird , were spat on during the 1960 presidential campaign , and U.N. Ambassador Adlai Stevenson was struck during a speaking appearance only weeks before the presidential visit . The latter episode resulted in a Time magazine headline : "  A City Disgraced . " Regardless of the validity or fairness of the accusation , the consequences were swift and brutal . The die of public opinion had been cast . For years , the city would endure a bitter stigma . It took long , agonizing decades for Dallas to deal with that burden . Today 's observers will find it hard to conceive the harshness of scorn that ensued . Because I was a witness to the assassination from the White House press bus in the motorcade , I still remember vividly the shock and heartbreak of the moment , and the bitterness afterward . Mayor Earle Cabell received death threats from strangers . Dallas businessmen were bodily thrown out of New York taxicabs . A direct mail businesswoman was forced to change her mailing address to Arlington , a nearby community , after orders plummeted . Then , encouraging signs of recovery began to appear . On the political front , Erik Jonsson was drafted to become mayor , and forged an ambitious "  Goals for Dallas " agenda to refocus and move the city out of its malaise . His strong leadership is credited for Dallas being named an All American City seven years later . Beyond the lofty civic initiatives , the city 's image was bolstered by two unexpected sources . One was the spectacular performance of quarterback Roger Staubach , which led to the Dallas Cowboys being called "  America 's Team . " The other was worldwide fascination with "  Dallas , " the TV soap opera so popular that a Dallas reporter remembers a well-educated British interviewee asking whether he knew the Ewings , the mythical TV show family . Despite the benefit of these distractions from JFK 's death , the city resisted coming to grips with the historical reality that rocked the world . Most Dallasites preferred to forget . The local Press Club , which stages an annual review of news highlights of the preceding year , did not include a single word about the assassination in its show the next spring . Many advocated bulldozing the School Book Depository . County of Dallas engineer Judson Shook Jr. saved the building by engineering its purchase and rehabilitation , providing space for a fitting memorial . Preservationist Lindalyn Adams and her allies helped realize that goal . After years of fits and starts , the Sixth Floor Museum opened its doors in 1989 , and today is home to authoritative historical archives surrounding the Kennedy tragedy , including more than 1,100 oral histories . Fifty years after the trauma it suffered , Dallas is a vibrant city that boasts a host of Fortune 500 companies , an active arts scene and a growing population and economy . But until now , the city itself never has officially come to peace with the event . Dallas has set a tone of quiet dignity and grace to observe the 50th anniversary of President Kennedy 's death on Friday , November 22 . Mayor Mike Rawlings adopted an enlightened pre-emptive strategy more than a year ago to marginalize would-be sensationalists and conspiracy mongers who might seek to dominate the milestone . Thus , more than 1,000 journalists from around the world will experience a simple one-hour ceremony to honor the memory of President John F. Kennedy in an address by noted historian David McCullough . More than 5,000 attendees who won standing-room-only free admission will view proceedings within a secured area of Dealey Plaza , site of the assassination . Next door , the Sixth Floor Museum will offer its vast resources , along with a series of special programs , to the tide of journalists , researchers and the general public expected to descend on the city . The city 's initiative has led to the organic rise of other notable gestures across Texas in the weeks ahead . At nearby Fort Worth , an eight-foot bronze statue of Kennedy stands in JFK Tribute Plaza , the site where Kennedy spoke to thousands in a misting rain hours before he was killed . A few miles west of downtown , the Amon Carter Museum of American Art will show fine art that had hung in the Kennedys ' suite at the Hilton Hotel Texas the night before his death . The Fort Worth Public Library and the University of Texas Library at nearby Arlington both offer extensive exhibitions of photographs from JFK visits to Fort Worth and Dallas . To the south , the LBJ Library in Austin offers exhibits on the assassination , Johnson 's ascension to the presidency and his tenure as the nation 's new leader . Visitors can hear Lady Bird Johnson 's tape-recorded diary from several days surrounding the tragedy . Sixty miles to the west of Austin , the LBJ Ranch offers free admission to the Texas White House of the 1960s . Although Dallas and Texas never can erase the heartbreak of that day in 1963 , this mosaic of honor should touch the hearts of those who mourn the passing of JFK , and help the nation and the world finally come to peace with that tragic time in our history . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Read .	Julian Read : Since the JFK assassination in 1963 , Dallas has changed He says Dallas was targeted as "  a city of hate " that brought about JFK 's murder Read : Dallas has avoided acknowledging the assassination over the years Read : This year , city hosts JFK tributes marking 50th anniversary of his death
The European Union 's foreign policy chief said Sunday there is "  no guarantee " a comprehensive nuclear agreement with Iran will work out . Catherine Ashton spoke to reporters alongside Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif at a news conference in Tehran . "  I have been engaged in discussions with Iran for nearly four years , and I think this interim agreement is really , really important , but not as important as a comprehensive agreement that we are currently engaged in , " she said , according to published remarks . "  Difficult , challenging , there is no guarantee it will succeed , but I think it 's very important with the support of the people of Iran for the work that is going on by the minister and his team and with the support of the international community for my work that we should aim to try and succeed . " In November , Iran and six world powers forged an interim deal , under which Iran agreed to roll back parts of its nuclear program in return for relief from some sanctions . That agreement went into effect in January . The challenge now is to reach a permanent deal acceptable to all sides . The next round of talks between the so-called P5 +1 -- the United States , China , Russia , Britain , France and Germany -- and Iran will start next week in Vienna . Ashton 's two-day visit to Tehran is the first official visit by an EU foreign policy chief since 2008 , according to Iran 's Press TV . Besides Zarif , she met with President Hassan Rouhani and other top political and civil leaders . "  One of the things that 's been very clear is the support that is given across the political spectrum for the work that is going on currently in Vienna to try and move forward on a comprehensive agreement . "  That does not mean that we 'll get an agreement . It does not mean that people have committed to any possible outcome at this stage . But I have had a real sense that people are committed to wanting to see the talks happen and that , I think , is encouraging of itself , " Ashton said . The United States and its allies believe Iran is trying to develop a nuclear weapon , while Tehran has said its atomic efforts are peaceful . Fast Facts : Iran 's nuclear capabilities	Catherine Ashton speaks toward the end of her two-day visit to Iran Hers is reportedly the first official visit by an EU foreign policy chief since 2008 Western powers suspect Iran wants to develop a nuclear weapon , a claim it denies
CNN  -- President Obama introduced a health care plan that he says will bridge the gap between the House and Senate bills passed last year . His proposal is similar to the Senate bill , with a few nods to the House plan . Here are some of the highlights of his plan , according to the White House . Basics The president says his health care proposal will help more than 31 million uninsured Americans get coverage . Obama says his plan includes the largest middle-class tax cut for health care in history . It establishes a health insurance market that would provide the same insurance choices that members of Congress have . Health insurance exchanges , as proposed in the Senate bill , would be created to make it easier for small businesses , the self-employed and the unemployed to purchase less expensive coverage . There is no public option , an idea strongly backed by liberal Democrats but fiercely opposed both by Republicans and key Democratic moderates . Like the House and Senate plans , Obama 's proposal would bar insurers from charging higher premiums based on a person 's gender or medical history or denying coverage based on pre-existing conditions . Key differences Obama 's plan eliminates the controversial proposal added to the Senate bill that exempts Nebraska from paying increased Medicaid expenses . It also provides additional federal financing to all of the states for the Medicaid expansion . The president 's proposal closes the Medicare prescription drug "  doughnut hole . " Under current Medicare limits , seniors must pick up the costs once their drug costs reach $ 2,830 and pay all costs out of pocket until they reach $ 4,550 , at which point Medicare coverage kicks back in . Obama 's proposal eases the "  doughnut hole " in the short term by providing a $ 250 rebate to Medicare beneficiaries who reach the limit in 2010 . The plan closes the doughnut hole completely by 2020 . The plan also establishes a Health Insurance Rate Authority to provide an additional level of oversight of insurance premium increase at the federal level , giving the government new authority to block excessive rate hikes by health insurance companies . Tax credits The president 's proposal increases federal subsidies to help people buy insurance . New health insurance subsidies would be provided to families making up to 400 percent of the federal poverty level . Compared to the Senate bill , Obama 's proposal lowers premiums for families making between $ 44,000 and $ 66,000 , according to the White House . Compared to the House bill , it lowers premiums for families making between $ 55,000 and $ 88,000 . Obama 's plan also provides more cost-sharing assistance than the House and Senate bills for families with incomes below $ 55,000 . For families making about $ 55,000 , the president 's proposal matches the assistance in the Senate bill . Penalties and fees The House and Senate bills both require payments from individuals who choose not to get health care coverage . Obama 's plan lowers the maximum penalty for individuals . Obama 's plan also provides $ 40 billion in tax credits for small businesses to help them provide health care options for their employees . Like the Senate bill , the president 's proposal does not mandate that employers provide insurance . Under Obama 's plan , companies with more than 50 employees would be required to pay a fee of $ 2,000 per worker if the company does not provide coverage and any of that company 's workers receives federal health care subsidies . The first 30 workers would be subtracted from the payment calculation . As with the individual requirement , this represents a compromise between the House and Senate plans . Obama 's proposal delays the $ 67 billion assessment on health insurers , pushing it to 2014 , when exchanges and the new health insurance market will be set up . The president 's proposal also increases the revenue drawn from the pharmaceutical industry to $ 23 billion over the next three years -- $ 10 billion more than the Senate bill . It delays the implementation of these fees to 2011 . Waste , fraud and abuse The president 's proposal includes a number of provisions to help eliminate waste and fight fraud . Some of those provisions include establishing Medicare and Medicaid sanctions databases , increasing access to the health care integrity and protection data bank , expanding efforts to recover overpayments made to providers and suppliers , and establishing a system to more quickly identify potentially fraudulent payments . Obama 's proposal also calls for preventing delays in access to generic drugs . Questions The president 's proposal does n't address many of the sticking points that hung up the House and Senate bills . Obama says his plan also reduces the deficit by $ 100 billion over the next decade and about $ 1 trillion over the following decade by "  cutting government overspending and reining in waste , fraud and abuse . " The White House says the plan would cost about $ 950 billion over the next 10 years , but that 's not an official estimate . There are also not a lot of specifics on how to pay for the plan . The Senate plan , according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office , would cost an estimated $ 871 billion ; the more expansive House plan has been estimated to cost over $ 1 trillion . The Obama plan resembles the Senate version on how to block subsidies from funding abortions , choosing it over the more conservative House version . On health care and illegal immigrants , the president 's proposal follows the Senate language , which imposes far more limits on undocumented workers than the House version . Outlook Obama 's proposal is a long way from becoming law . His proposal would need to be drafted into legislation , debated and passed by the House and Senate . As the past year has shown , health care is an emotional subject , and debate can drag on for months . Immediate reaction from Republicans suggests that this time around , it wo n't be any easier . "  Nearly one year ago , the president moderated a health care summit that kicked off a national debate that has led us to where we are today : a partisan bill devoid of support from the American people and a diminished faith in this government 's capacity to listen . Let 's not make the same mistake twice , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said . House Minority Leader John Boehner revived the abortion debate , saying , "  Republicans are also standing with the American people by calling for health care reform to protect human life and not use taxpayer money to fund abortion . ... Health care reform should be an opportunity to protect human life -- not end it -- and the American people agree . " CNN 's Lisa Desjardins , Kristi Keck and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	White House releases "  The President 's Proposal " for health care Plan similar to Senate version passed last year No public option ; plan offers same insurance choices members of Congress have Questions remain over cost , funding , other sticking points
CNN  -- The death of a spectator overshadowed an intriguing 14th stage of the Tour de France which saw Rinaldo Nocentini desperately cling on to the leader 's yellow jersey in cycling 's premier event . George Hincapie , front , upstaged his compatriot and former teammate Lance Armstrong to take second place overall . A woman died after being hit by a police motorcycle on Saturday afternoon in Wittelsheim , a village in Alsace in northeastern France which is 40 kilometers from the start of the race 's leg from Colmar to Besancon . French police told CNN that two other people were injured and taken to hospital . The Tour released a statement on its official Web site saying the 61-year-old woman was hit when she crossed the road after a group of cyclists passed , then the motorcycle slid and injured two other spectators . A 36-year-old is in hospital with neck pain , and a 61-year-old has a broken leg The incident marred an eventful day 's racing in which George Hincapie leapt up into second place overall , five seconds behind Nocentini , following a 12-man breakaway . The American finished eighth in a group of eight who were all 16 seconds behind stage winner Serguei Ivanov of Russia , and had been ahead of Nocentini until the 143-strong peloton made up time at the end . The Columbia team rider 's rise up the standings saw his compatriot and former teammate , seven-time champion Lance Armstrong , drop to fourth place overall . Armstrong was still eight seconds off the lead after finishing 49th , with Astana teammate Alberto Contador six seconds adrift in third following his classification of 37th . Nocentini was relieved to retain first place and was grateful to his AG2R teammates , with Nicolas Roche finishing second after powering past Hayden Roche in the final few hundred meters as Ivanov claimed his second stage victory eight years after his first . "  It was a very difficult day today because we 're getting tired from all the effort in the last week , " the Italian , who finished 45th , told the race 's official Web site . "  We had a rider up front so we did n't have to ride but because Hincapie was in the move there was a big risk of losing the yellow jersey . "  Eventually , with 50 kilometers to go , our directeur sportif Vincent Lavenu said , ` Okay , let 's go ! Let 's catch the guys . ' Okay this was n't possible but we had to limit our losses and keep the jersey . "  I told the guys , ` Listen , I do n't mind . If you want to go for it and defend the jersey , that 's great . But if you do n't want to , that 's okay . You 've already worked so hard over the last few days so it does n't really matter . ' "  Eventually I 've kept the lead by just five seconds , so I 'm really pleased with how this Tour has gone for me so far . And I 'm really grateful for the commitment from my team . " Thor Hushovd extended his lead in the green jersey sprint category as he finished at the head of the peloton in 13th place , while nearest rival Mark Cavendish finished right at the back of it in 154th after the two tussled in the closing stages . The riders will now head back into the mountains through the Swiss Alps for the 207.5 km 15th stage from Pontarlier to Verbier , with the climbers expected to come to the fore again just a week ahead of the finish in Paris .	A woman dies after being hit by a police motorcycle during the 14th stage Police say two other people were injured and taken to hospital on Saturday Rinaldo Nocentini of Italy retains leader 's yellow jersey after surviving big scare George Hincapie moves up to second place , Lance Armstrong drops to fourth
CNN  -- Dear Girls of the World , I was a 12-year-old girl living in the center of Cotonou , Benin , in West Africa . Music was all around us , with the traditional singers and their drums and with the radio blasting songs from the entire world . Singing had always been my passion . My mom even told me I sung before I spoke . One day , I discovered an uplifting song that made everyone dance . It was called "  Pata Pata . " The power and beauty of the voice singing it mesmerized me . I had to get the 45 rpm single right away . That 's when I first heard the name of Miriam Makeba , the famous South African singer . I also learned her struggle against apartheid and her success all over the planet . Even though at home I could see the respect that my father had for my mom , I could feel the world was unbalanced and that it was so hard for girls and women to succeed . Many of my girlfriends at school were dropping out at an early age as the social pressure was huge . Most of them could not choose their own destiny . It was as if they would always be the daughter , the wife or the mother of someone . But looking at Miriam 's smile on the cover , her confidence and the respect she inspired , I started to dream . If an exiled African woman born from a poor family had been able to accomplish so much , there might be a little chance for me to follow her steps . Lost in my thoughts , lying on my bed , listening to her music for hours , learning by heart the lyrics of all her songs -- in my imagination , I was already traveling with her , singing with her , meeting world leaders and advocating with her for the freedom of her people . That dream has never left me . I grew up and I experienced much rejection , many obstacles , but Miriam 's voice was always singing in my head . I started to have some success singing on the national radio . One day , on the way back from school , a group of teenagers recognized me and insulted me , calling me a whore because I was a singer . I came back home , crying , and wanted to give up singing for good . Mama Congo , my maternal grandmother , happened to be home . She asked me why I was crying so much . Once I explained , she gave me a piece of advice that I have never forgotten and that I want you to remember when you feel your dreams are shattered . She told me : "  Do you want to be a singer ? " "  Yes , Grandma " "  Then , you ca n't let the opinion of other people discourage you . Do n't give up on your dreams , do n't allow them to define who you are or they would have won ! " Many years passed . I left my country like Miriam had done . I worked hard , listening to constructive critics and ignoring the naysayers , keeping Miriam 's songs close to my heart . Then , in a different decade , in a different country , the day finally came when I was asked to sing as the opening act of my beloved idol . I could not believe it . Please remember girls : Do n't let anyone define who you are ! -- Angelique Kidjo More : CNN 's "  Girl Rising " Read more open letters Open letter from Christiane Amanpour : It 's time to power the world Open letter from Queen Rania of Jordan : More than tiaras and cupcakes How to help | Take action with 10x10	Angelique Kidjo writes an open letter to girls of the world "  Do n't let anyone define who you are , " Kidjo writes
CNN  -- Given the way Serena Williams played in 2013 -- amassing a 78-4 record and picking up two more majors -- she was always going to be the favorite at the Australian Open . She is now even more of a favorite after defeating the reigning two-time Australian Open champion , Victoria Azarenka , to capture the title in Brisbane on Saturday . In downing the world No. 2 6-4 7-5 , Williams extended her winning streak to 22 matches and ended Azarenka 's 24-match run in Australia . Williams also came through against a tough opponent in the semifinals , seeing off Maria Sharapova in straight sets . "  I feel like I 'm being pushed into the deep end straightaway , " the 17-time grand slam champion and world No. 1 was quoted as saying by the WTA 's website . "  I think it 's a good thing . "  In Melbourne if I have to face Maria again , I 'll know a little bit more what to expect , and same thing with Victoria . If I happen to play against her in Melbourne , I 'll know what to do and what to expect . " Williams was never in danger in the opener but had to rally from a 4-2 deficit in the second set against the player who severely tested the American in September 's U.S. Open final . Williams -- hampered by ankle injuries in Melbourne the previous two years -- improved to 14-3 against Azarenka . "  I want to play better , " Azarenka told reporters . "  I 'm a perfectionist . "  I ca n't say I 'm satisfied today , but I want to take the positive , what I 've done today , and build from here towards the next week . " The Williams sisters were denied a double as hours before Serena 's victory , Venus Williams fell to Ana Ivanovic 6-2 5-7 6-4 in Auckland in a battle of former No. 1s . Ivanovic had lost eight of her previous nine encounters against the elder Williams . "  I 've worked really hard for this and many times I 've been in a position to win another title , so to come through in a final like this against such a good player is obviously a great feeling , " Ivanovic , who bagged a title for the first time since the end of 2011 , told the WTA 's site . Nadal triumphs in Qatar In Doha , men 's No. 1 Rafael Nadal beat Gael Monfils 6-1 6-7 6-2 to bag his 61st title . In the Open Era , that puts him in sole possession of eighth , surpassing Andre Agassi . "  It is the first time in my career that I am able to start the season with a victory , " Nadal told the ATP 's website . "  That 's always important . " Roger Federer advanced to the men 's final in Brisbane , hitting 20 aces to overcome Frenchman Jeremy Chardy 6-3 6-7 6-3 . A 17-time major champion like Serena Williams , Federer faces Lleyton Hewitt in the finale after the Aussie veteran upset Kei Nishikori 5-7 6-4 6-3 . Federer -- trying to rebound from a disappointing 2013 -- leads their head-to-heads 18-8 . "  It 's been a good week so far , and I hope I can play a good final , " Federer told the ATP 's website . "  We know each other very well , so both of us will find our groove and know what to expect from one another . "	Serena Williams wins the Brisbane title by defeating Victoria Azarenka Williams extends her winning streak to 22 matches and ends Azarenka 's run in Australia Roger Federer reaches the men 's final by beating Frenchman Jeremy Chardy In a battle of former No. 1s , Ana Ivanovic gets the better of Venus Williams in Auckland
CNN  -- "  Real Housewives of New Jersey " stars Teresa and Joe Giudice face new bank fraud charges . The reality TV couple could spend decades in prison if convicted on the 41 counts alleged in an indictment returned by a federal grand jury in New Jersey . The Giudices allegedly faked documents and lied on applications to get more than $ 5 million in loans over eight years before they joined the "  The Real Housewives of New Jersey " cast in 2009 . They both entered "  not guilty " pleas in August to the original 39 counts , including conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud , bank fraud , making false statements on loan applications , and bankruptcy fraud . The husband and wife are due in court in Newark for the added charges on Wednesday , according to U.S. Attorney Paul Fishman . The new counts stem from a $ 361,250 mortgage loan that Teresa Giudice , 41 , got in 2005 , Fishman said . "  In the course of obtaining the loan , she and Giuseppe Giudice prepared a loan application which falsely stated that Teresa Giudice was employed as a realtor and that she had a monthly salary of $ 15,000 , " Fishman said . "  Teresa Giudice was not employed outside the home at the time . " Giudice lawyer Miles Feinstein told reporters in August that the couple would not be testifying against each other in the case , which he said they expect to win . Teresa Giudice , in a written statement released after she was charged in July , said she would stand by her man . "  Today is a most difficult day for our family , " she said . "  I support Joe and , as a wonderful husband and father , I know he wants only the best for our lovely daughters and me . I am committed to my family and intend to maintain our lives in the best way possible , which includes continuing my career . As a result , I am hopeful that we will resolve this matter with the government as quickly as possible . " ` Real Housewives ' star Jacqueline Laurita : ` Teresa is scum ' The indictment accuses the Giudices of exaggerating their income by faking her employment history while applying for loans . They allegedly failed to disclose rental and business income after filing for Chapter 7 bankruptcy in 2009 . The indictment also charges Joe Giudice with failure to file tax returns for tax years 2004 through 2008 , during which time he allegedly earned nearly $ 1 million . The Giudices are free on $ 500,000 bond each , but they had to surrender their passports . If convicted , the couple faces up to 30 years in prison and a $ 1 million fine . In 2011 : ` Housewives ' star feels ` vindicated ' paying off debts	Teresa and Joe Giudice could spend decades in prison if convicted The reality TV couple allegedly lied to get more than $ 5 million in loans over 8 years The Giudices were initially charged by federal prosecutors in July They both entered "  not guilty " pleas in August to the original 39 counts
CNN  -- Ladies and gentlemen , the Rolling Stones are back on tour . The "  world 's greatest rock 'n' roll band " resumed its #StonesOnFire trek , part of its 50th-anniversary travels around the globe , with a show Monday night in Oslo , Norway . The group 's tour had been put on hold since the March 17 death of Mick Jagger 's girlfriend , fashion designer L'Wren Scott . Scott 's death , which was ruled a suicide , stunned Jagger , who had been with the designer and former model since 2003 . "  I am still struggling to understand how my lover and best friend could end her life in this tragic way . We spent many wonderful years together and had made a great life for ourselves . She had great presence and her talent was much admired , not least by me , " he said in a statement two months ago . Scott left her $ 9 million estate to Jagger , according to the late fashion designer 's will . Though she had reportedly been having financial difficulties , a representative for Scott said , "  The figures quoted in the media regarding the financial status of LS Fashion Limited are not only highly misleading and inaccurate but also extremely hurtful and disrespectful to the memory of L'Wren Scott . " The Stones were in Australia at the time of her death , and the band canceled seven shows there and in New Zealand . The shows have been rescheduled for October and November , according to the Stones ' official site . The Stones ' Oslo set list included "  Jumpin ' Jack Flash , " "  All Down the Line , " "  Let 's Spend the Night Together , " "  Emotional Rescue " and a version of "  You Ca n't Always Get What You Want " accompanied by the Edvard Grieg Youth Choir .	Rolling Stones are on tour in Europe Norway show was first since death of Mick Jagger 's girlfriend , L'Wren Scott Scott committed suicide in March , shocking band 's frontman
CNN  -- Retired Army Gen. David Petraeus resigned from his CIA director post last week after an FBI investigation revealed he had an extramarital affair , an investigation that also prompted questions about whether his paramour had inappropriate access to classified information . The scandal also has sparked an investigation into whether Marine Corps Gen. John Allen , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , sent inappropriate messages to a different woman , leading President Obama to put Allen 's nomination to become NATO 's supreme allied chief on hold . The FBI uncovered the Petraeus affair while it investigated e-mails that his paramour , Paula Broadwell , allegedly sent to a Petraeus family friend , Jill Kelley , according to a U.S. official . Kelley , meanwhile , is the woman to whom Allen allegedly sent inappropriate e-mails , according to the Defense Department . Below is a summary of what we know about the situation . Timeline of the Petraeus affair New developments -- Despite his resignation as CIA director last week , Petraeus is scheduled to testify Friday before the House Intelligence Committee about the September 11 attack that killed four Americans at a U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , the committee said in a news release . -- Petraeus has not been following media reports about his resignation , a former aide said Wednesday . "  He wants to maintain a distance and focus on his family at this time , " said retired Col. Peter Mansoor , who added that he had spoken earlier in the day with Petraeus . "  He realizes it was a severe and morally reprehensible action , but he violated no laws . " -- A senior law enforcement official close to the Broadwell investigation said Wednesday night that it appeared unlikely she would be prosecuted for any unauthorized release of classified information . The official told CNN National Security Contributor Fran Townsend that investigators were reviewing materials taken Monday from Broadwell 's home , but that the information in question did not appear to be substantial . The official stressed the decision whether to prosecute rests with the Justice Department . Opinion : 5 things we 've learned from Petraeus scandal The Petraeus affair -- The FBI uncovered the affair between Petraeus , 60 , and his biographer , Broadwell , 40 , after Broadwell allegedly sent anonymous , harassing e-mails to Kelley in May , a U.S. official says . A senior official close to Allen says Allen received an anonymous e-mail about Kelley , and tipped Kelley off that someone was threatening her . -- A source familiar with Kelley 's version of events said the anonymous e-mails later traced to Broadwell -- which led to the discovery of Petraeus ' affair -- began in June . It was n't until two months later that the FBI told Kelley who had sent the e-mails , said the source , adding that Kelley does not know Broadwell and has never met her . -- Kelley , 37 , says she and her husband are friends of Petraeus and his family . Media reports have described her as a liaison at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa , where the U.S. Central Command is headquartered . Petraeus and Allen were previously stationed there . A Central Command spokesman said she is a volunteer with no official position . -- Investigators eventually traced the e-mails to Broadwell , a U.S. official said . The messages were along the lines of "  stay away from my guy , " but not explicitly threatening , according to a U.S. official . -- During the investigation , other communications surfaced between Petraeus and Broadwell , a married mother of two living in North Carolina , an officer in the U.S. Army Reserve and a Ph.D. candidate in the Department of War Studies at King 's College London . CIA vs. FBI in Petraeus scandal -- Broadwell , a West Point graduate , had written a biography of Petraeus , published in January , called "  All In : The Education of General David Petraeus . " Having met Petraeus in 2006 when he spoke at Harvard , where she was a graduate student , she wrote the book after researching Petraeus for her Ph.D. dissertation on his leadership skills and visiting him and his team in Afghanistan , where he became top U.S. commander in 2010 . -- Petraeus and Broadwell began their affair in fall 2011 , a few months after he returned to the United States , retired from the Army and took over at the CIA , according to a Petraeus friend . They ended it in summer 2012 , Petraeus ' friend said . -- FBI investigators , following up on the anonymous e-mails to Kelley , discovered on Broadwell 's computer e-mails that turned out to be from Petraeus , a U.S. official said . -- On Election Day , November 6 , Petraeus told Director of National Intelligence James Clapper about the affair , according to a senior U.S. intelligence official . Clapper advised Petraeus to resign , the official said . -- On November 9 , Petraeus quit the CIA , admitting to the affair . The House and Senate intelligence committees were informed of the FBI investigation the same day . -- Petraeus ' resignation came just days before he was scheduled to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee about the September 11 attack that killed four Americans at a U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya . Will national security scandal create national security risk ? The Allen allegations -- The Defense Department 's inspector general is investigating allegations that Allen sent inappropriate messages to Kelley , the department said on Tuesday . The FBI told the department about the allegations on Sunday . -- Allen has denied wrongdoing , a senior defense official said . Sources familiar with Kelley have said the relationship between the two was not sexual . Authorities are looking at the e-mails . -- "  There is no affair " between Allen and Kelley , a senior official close to Kelley said . "  She is a bored rich socialite involved with every single senior commander at CENTCOM , because she worked as an honorary ambassador . " -- A U.S. official familiar with the e-mails Allen sent to Kelley described them as warranting the investigation . "  If they got out , John Allen would be very embarrassed by them , " said the official , who added that there was no evidence of physical contact between the two . A second U.S. official , who has had the e-mails described to him , characterized their content as "  sexy , " but could not say whether they "  crossed the line . " Investigations and fallout -- Broadwell , an Army Reserve officer , has had her government security clearance suspended pending the outcome of ongoing investigations , two U.S. officials with direct knowledge told CNN 's Barbara Starr on Wednesday . -- Broadwell 's affair with Petraeus has raised questions about whether the affair gave her access to national security information that she should n't have . The allegedly harassing e-mails that the FBI allegedly tracked to Broadwell detailed the "  comings and goings of the generals and Ms. Kelley , " according to a source . Among those believed to be referenced in the e-mails was Petraeus . Because parts of Petraeus ' schedule were not public , the e-mails raised questions about whether the sender had access to sensitive information . -- In a speech at the University of Denver at the end of October , Broadwell suggested the attack on the U.S. compound in Benghazi took place because the United States was housing Libyan prisoners there -- a theory , she noted , that had not been vetted yet . The claim has since been discounted by administration officials . Broadwell 's source for that previously unpublished information remains unclear , and there 's no evidence that it came from Petraeus . -- Investigators have found classified information on a computer belonging to Broadwell , a law enforcement source told CNN national security contributor Fran Townsend on Wednesday . It was not clear if this was a computer seized at her home Monday night or one she had previously given to authorities when she cooperated in September . -- On Tuesday , John Nagl , a retired military officer who worked for Petraeus for years , said that Petraeus insists he never shared classified information with Broadwell . He spoke to him via e-mail on Monday and is authorized by Petraeus to talk . -- Obama said Wednesday that he has seen no evidence of a potentially damaging breach in national security stemming from the affair involving Petraeus . No sex required for unfaithfulness to begin -- Obama also said Wednesday that Petraeus served his country with "  great distinction , " and he hoped that Petraeus ' affair and resignation are "  a single side note on what has otherwise been an extraordinary career . " "  By his own assessment , he did not meet the standards that he felt were necessary as director of the CIA with respect to his personal matter that he is dealing with . ... It was on that basis that he tendered his resignation , and it was on that basis that I accepted it , " Obama said . -- Kelley 's access to Florida 's MacDill Air Force Base without an escort has been suspended , a Defense Department official said Wednesday . Kelley had been given special access to the base because of her position as a booster and promoter of programs to help U.S. troops , the official said . -- Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California and chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , said she would investigate why the FBI did not notify congressional oversight committees about its investigation into Petraeus after the bureau determined he was having a secret extramarital affair . -- While the nature of the relationship between Allen and Kelley , if any , is unclear , evidence of an affair could subject the general to military prosecution . Adultery is a violation of military law . -- Obama has put Allen 's nomination to become NATO 's supreme allied commander on hold pending the outcome of the investigation , White House spokesman Jay Carney said on Tuesday .	NEW : Petraeus to testify Friday before congressional panel about Benghazi attack David Petraeus resigned as CIA chief last week after an investigation revealed an affair The scandal also sparked a probe into whether Gen. John Allen sent inappropriate e-mails Obama : I 've seen no evidence of a potentially damaging national security breach
CNN  -- Liverpool 's Spain striker Fernando Torres may miss the struggling English Premier League club 's derby clash with city rivals Everton later this month after suffering another injury setback . Torres was forced off the pitch inside the first 10 minutes of Sunday 's defeat by Blackpool with a groin injury , and the 26-year-old could now face two weeks on the sidelines . He has already been ruled out of Spain 's Euro 2012 qualifiers at home to Lithuania on Friday and away to Scotland on Tuesday . "  Fernando was assessed at Melwood and underwent a scan this afternoon , " Liverpool 's head of sports medicine and sports science , Dr Peter Brukner , told the club 's official website on Monday . "  He will have intensive treatment over the next couple of weeks , but it is too early to say if he will be fit for the game against Everton . " The former Atletico Madrid star has endured a frustrating year , battling for both form and fitness . Despite picking up a World Cup winners ' medal with Spain in July , Torres ' summer ended in disappointing fashion , as he exited the final against Netherlands early through injury after failing to score during the tournament . He has also struggled to find the net at the start of the 2010-11 Premier League season , scoring just one goal in six matches . Liverpool manager Roy Hodgson will be eager to include the forward in his team for the Merseyside derby on October 17 , with his side in desperate need of a result . After their latest defeat , the five-time European champions have picked up only one win from seven league matches , dropping into the relegation zone below Everton on goal difference . Meanwhile , Brazil defender Alex will miss the international friendlies against Iran on Thursday and Ukraine on Monday after injuring his thigh in Chelsea 's win over Arsenal on Sunday . He suffered the problem late in the match , having scored the second goal in the Premier League leaders ' 2-0 triumph , and is now expected to be out for three weeks , the club 's website reported . Alex may then also miss Chelsea 's trip to Aston Villa and the Champions League clash with Russian side Spartak Moscow .	Liverpool 's Fernando Torres could be out for two weeks with a groin problem The striker picked up the injury during Liverpool 's 2-1 defeat to Blackpool on Sunday He has been ruled out of Spain 's Euro 2012 qualifiers against Lithuania and Scotland Brazil defender Alex will miss the international friendlies against Iran and Ukraine
CNN  -- A major winter storm system was rolling across the southeastern United States early Monday , sending out shocks of snow , freezing rain and sleet , and forcing some airlines to cancel flights . AirTran Airways canceled 14 flights Sunday , most of them heading into Atlanta , in order to have fewer aircraft on the ground there at the time the storm hits , spokesman Christopher White said . Another 270 flights were canceled for Monday , which represents a majority of the Atlanta-bound flights for the airline . There will be a handful of arrivals and departures only , White said . The latest computer models show wintry weather extending from northeast Texas through the Carolinas , bringing freezing temperatures , snow and ice to areas that normally do n't see heavy winter precipitation , according to CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen . The northern regions of Mississippi , Alabama , Georgia and the Carolinas should expect heavy snow , while ice storms are expected to affect the southern regions of those states , he said . Forecasters expect freezing rain to move north in those states , possibly by Monday morning . Meanwhile , American Airlines reported that 100 flights in and out of Dallas-Fort Worth were canceled . That 's about 20 % of American 's flights . Its American Eagle carrier has canceled 180 flights . "  That sounds ominous , but in the big picture it could be far worse , " spokesman Tim Smith said . He added later that the snow was not as bad as was forecast and that Dallas "  really dodged a bullet . " Anthony Black , a spokesman for Delta Air Lines , said the airline expects to operate normally in Atlanta until Sunday night , after which some 330 mainline and Delta Connection flights will be canceled . Nationwide , "  we have planned approximately 1,400 Delta and Delta Connection flight cancellations systemwide Monday as the storm is at its peak , approximately 25 % of all planned flights for the day , " Black said . Southwest Airlines reported it is running at normal capacity with no major cancellations . Track weather and travel delays Atlantic Southeast Airlines spokesman Jarek Beem said the storm had forced a number of cancellations , Sunday through Tuesday . He declined to provide a specific number . Below freezing temperatures through Tuesday could leave trees and power lines across the south with a heavy coating of ice , said Hennen , which could cause numerous long-duration power outages . Winter storm warnings covered much of the Southeast as the storm system developed Sunday morning in Texas and tracked along the Gulf Coast . The National Weather Service has issued winter storm warnings for parts of Texas , Arkansas , Louisiana , Tennessee , Mississippi and Alabama . The agency warns that significant snow amounts could make travel difficult and dangerous . Three to eight inches of snow could fall by Monday evening and roads are expected to be hazardous through Monday night , especially secondary roads . Various winter storm watches have also been put in place by the weather agency , stretching from northeast Texas to the far western corner of Virginia . In preparation for wintry conditions , governors in Louisiana and Alabama declared states of emergencies , according to the governor 's office in Alabama and CNN affiliate KSLA in Baton Rouge . "  We face a serious storm that will have an impact all across Alabama , " Gov. Bob Riley said in a statement . He advised motorists to stay the roads . Georgia Gov. Sonny Perdue similarly issued a state of emergency . Snow began falling in Atlanta during the evening hours Sunday , and is forecast to accumulate through Monday afternoon . Temperatures at or below freezing are expected to remain in place through Tuesday , keeping roads dangerous and travel difficult , Hennen said . Parts of Louisiana could get up to an inch of ice , while other states in the region could get between a quarter and a half-inch of ice coating power lines , trees , bridges and roadways , said CNN meteorologist Reynolds Wolf . In Alabama , Auburn University canceled classes and viewing events for the BCS championship game on Monday night . Meanwhile , snow moved into the Northeast but the region was spared a repeat of the Christmas blizzard that virtually shut down large cities such as New York and Philadelphia . Emergency management officials were able to quickly recover from the comparably light dusting of snow that began blanketing the region Friday . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NEW : States of emergencies are declared in Louisiana , Alabama and Georgia Airlines are beginning to cancel flights Snow , ice and freezing temperatures are expected across the southeastern U.S. Weather conditions in Atlanta could impact air travel across the country
CNN  -- Another action-packed day at Davos with some of the world 's most pressing issues on the agenda . Here are CNN 's top pics for today , January 24 : At 1030CET/0430ET , the UK Prime Minister David Cameron , delivers his special address . Bill Gates , a humanitarian and regular Davos attendee , will discuss the climate change and its impact of development with U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon at 1100CET/0500 . At 1130CET/0530ET , focus will turn to Germany 's new government , as the country 's Finance Minister Wolfgang Schauble and Peter Limbourg of Deutsche Welle discuss what to expect from the new coalition . Rock star and activist Bono will Liberian President Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf and British PM David Cameron at 1315CET/0700ET in talking about the post-2015 development goals and how to inspire the generation to act . Friday afternoon will be even busier : At 1415CET/0815ET , Brazil 's President Dilma Rousseff addresses the forum , while at the same time , Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu , Mohammad Javad Zarif , the Foreign Minister Iran and Masoud Barzani , the President of the Kurdistan Region in Iraq , look at the Middle East and how its transformation affects the younger generations . 1615CET/1015ET : With strong ties to both Europe and Russia , what will be the future economic and political orientation of Ukraine ? President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych , Alexey Kudrin of Saint Petersburg State University and Ukrainian MP Petro Poroshenko will discuss the question . At 1630CET/1030ET CNN 's Fareed Zakaria takes the stage . He 'll discus the future of ASEAN and its 600 million citizens with the CEO of Air Asia Anthony F. Fernandes , CEO of Lippo Group Thein Sein and Vietnamese deputy PM Pham Binh Minh . And then at 1800 , Zakaria joins political leaders of Tunisia and the Secretary General of the League of Arab States , Amr Moussa , to look at the leadership lessons they 've learned since the Arab Spring . CNN 's John Defterios will lead a discussion on emerging markets and the next steps they should be taking at 1830CET/1230ET . Joining him will be French Finance minister Pierre Moscovici , IMF 's Deputy Managing Director Min Zhu , Turkish deputy PM Ali Babacan , Paul Kagame , the President of Rwanda , economist Nouriel Roubini and CEO of Renault-Nissan Alliance , Carlos Ghosn . Your Friday reading list : Why world ca n't agree over climate change Report : Climate change may pose threat to economic growth Can companies win by investing in emerging markets ?	Highlights include keynotes by UK PM Davis Cameron and Brazil 's President Dilma Rousseff CNN 's Fareed Zakaria and John Defterios lead discussions about the Middle East and emerging markets
Roseville , Michigan  CNN  -- Authorities might find out Tuesday whether a body was buried under a shed in Roseville , Michigan . They just wo n't know whether it 's missing Teamster boss Jimmy Hoffa or not . Two soil samples were taken from a home in the suburban Detroit community of Roseville last week after a tipster claimed he saw a body buried on the property a day after Hoffa disappeared in 1975 . The samples were taken from beneath a storage shed and sent to a lab at Michigan State University for tests to determine the presence of human remains . The hope had been to get the findings back sometime Monday . But in a press release issued Monday afternoon , Roseville Police Chief James Berlin said he 'd been told that , while testing had begun , "  the results of those tests will not be available until early  Tuesday  morning . " What police do know is that the samples that were unearthed did n't contain any "  discernible remains , " such as bones , body parts or other evidence , according to Berlin . The search of the Roseville property is the latest in an on-again , off-again search for Hoffa , whose disappearance 35 years ago captured the public imagination . Hoffa , then 62 , was last seen on July 30 , 1975 , outside the Detroit-area Machus Red Fox restaurant . He was there ostensibly to meet with reputed Detroit Mafia street enforcer Anthony Giacalone and Genovese crime family figure Anthony Provenzano , who was also a chief of a Teamsters local in New Jersey . Giacalone died in 1982 ; Provenzano died in 1988 in prison . The tipster , a former gambler , once did business with a man tied to Giacalone , said Dan Moldea , author of "  The Hoffa Wars . " Moldea said he first spoke to the tipster in March and then sent him to police . Vanished Hoffa still fascinates after almost 40 years Despite those links , Moldea said it seems unlikely that anyone would have been buried at the site , in full view of the neighborhood . And if a body had been buried there , little would remain , he said . The lab tests being conducted on the soil samples will be able to determine if human remains were buried at the site , but will not identify them , Berlin said . If human remains are discovered , investigators would have to return for a more complete excavation , he said . Even so , Berlin doubts any possible human remains discovered at the house would be those of Hoffa . "  It would be great if it was , because I would like to bring closure to his family and the tens of thousands of Teamsters that idolize this man , and just the southeast of Michigan , " Berlin said . "  This is kind of like an open wound that wo n't go away . Every couple of years this happens , and all you guys come out here and we have to relive it . " But Berlin said the "  time line does n't really add up . " Hoffa was of the most powerful union leaders at a time when unions wielded enormous political sway . He was forced out of the organized labor movement when he went to federal prison in 1967 for jury tampering and fraud . President Richard Nixon pardoned him in 1971 on condition he not attempt to get back into the union movement before 1980 . Hoffa believed Giacalone had set up the meeting to help settle a feud between Hoffa and Provenzano , but Hoffa was the only one who showed up for the meeting , according to the FBI . Giacalone and Provenzano later told the FBI that no meeting had been scheduled . The FBI said at the time that the disappearance could have been linked to Hoffa 's efforts to regain power in the Teamsters and the mob 's influence over the union 's pension funds . Police and the FBI have searched for Hoffa intermittently . In September 2001 , the FBI found DNA that linked Hoffa to a car that agents suspected was used in his disappearance . In 2004 , authorities removed floorboards from a Detroit home to look for traces of blood , as former Teamsters official Frank Sheeran claimed in a biography that he had shot Hoffa . Sheeran died in 2003 . Two years later , the FBI razed a horse barn in Michigan following what it called "  a fairly credible lead . " Urban lore long suggested that Hoffa was buried around the end zone at the former Giants Stadium in New Jersey . CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	NEW : Tests results on soil samples are expected back Tuesday , a police chief says The two soil samples were taken from a Michigan home last week A tipster said he saw a body buried there a day after Jimmy Hoffa went missing The union leader 's disappearance 35 years ago captured the public 's imagination
CNN  -- As Easter comes into view , the thoughts of billions of Christians turn to Jerusalem , to a sacred weekend that includes the crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus . Of course , people regard these events with various degrees of literalness . But Easter retains its power . It is , in fact , the essential Christian celebration , as the Gospels focus hugely on this part of the Jesus story . They describe in slow motion his entry into Jerusalem and the final week leading up to the crucifixion on Good Friday , the uncertain stillness of Holy Saturday , when the world seems to have slipped into total darkness , then the joy of the Resurrection itself , with a sense that boundaries have been broken -- most aggressively , the membrane between life and death . Questions arise , of course . Did Jesus really rise from the dead ? What would that look like ? Many Christians imagine some literal wakening from the dead and refuse to accept the slightest hint that the Resurrection might be regarded as symbolic without denigrating it . Indeed , if you read the Gospel narratives closely , it 's not easy to say what actually happened . All four of them skip the actual Resurrection . That is , we never see Jesus waken . The first inkling of change comes when a few women close to him visit the tomb . Accounts differ on who turned up at the tomb that morning : Mary Magdalene , a close friend of Jesus , alone or with Mary , his mother , and with Salome  who is either Mary 's sister or the mother of apostles James and John  . In John 's Gospel , Mary Magdalene visits the tomb alone . To her amazement , she finds the stone rolled away . In panic , she runs to tell Peter and another  unnamed  disciple , who rush to the tomb and find it empty . They appear to think someone has stolen the body . Meanwhile , Mary Magdalene sits outside the tomb by herself , crying softly . After a while , she walks back into the crypt , where she sees two angels in white . They speak to her , and then a mysterious figure appears at her side to ask her why she 's crying . She thinks he 's the gardener , then she recognizes the voice if not the face when he calls her by name . She cries : "  Rabboni ! " -- in Aramaic , "  teacher . " The post-Resurrection appearances of Jesus vary wildly . For the most part , those who meet him fail to recognize him , as in the story of the Road to Emmaus , where Jesus appears beside two of his followers . They do n't recognize him , which suggests that he has not reappeared in a familiar form . Even when he joins them for dinner , they do n't know who sits beside them . Only when he prays over the bread before eating do they recognize him , and he immediately disappears -- poof . Even his closest disciples do n't know Jesus when they see him , as in John 's Gospel , where he appears by the Sea of Galilee to Peter , Thomas , Nathanael and two other disciples . It takes quite a while for Peter , alone among them , to recognize this mysterious figure on the shore who advises them where to catch the fish . A kind of summary of Jesus ' post-Resurrection appearances will be found in Paul 's first letter to the Corinthians  15:5 -8  : "  He appeared to Cephas -LSB- Peter -RSB- , and then to the Twelve . Then he appeared to over five hundred brothers at one time , most of whom remain alive now , though some have fallen asleep . Then he showed himself to James , then to all the apostles . Finally , he appeared to me . " This letter of Paul is one of the earliest examples of Christian literature , written perhaps 20 years after Jesus died , and it gives us some sense of what stories people were telling about him . The last appearance , alas , hardly counts for much , as it occurs on the Road to Damascus , where Paul hears a voice from the Lord , which says : "  I am Jesus whom you persecute . "  Acts 9:5  When Paul opens his eyes , however , he sees nothing . These accounts of what happened after Easter suggest that a lot of different rumors circulated about the Resurrection , and the four Gospels reflect these divergent stories . And the characteristics of Jesus ' resurrected body shift a good deal . In one case , Jesus asks Thomas , the famous doubter , to touch the wound in his side , proving that he 's really there . Elsewhere , Jesus passes through locked doors like a ghost -- an unsettling image . In Luke 's Gospel , he astonishes his disciples by eating "  a piece of broiled fish " as well as swallowing honey . For the most part , his appearances retain a dreamlike quality , suggesting that Jesus did n't want anyone to assume that whatever happened to him occurred in ordinary time and space . He did not , like Lazarus , simply get up and walk from the burial crypt and resume life on the street . This is the Resurrection , not the Great Resuscitation . But Christian thinking is Resurrection thinking . It 's about rebirth or reawakening in many forms , about spiritual and moral transformation . And this is the really good news of Easter .	Jay Parini : Easter is Christians ' most powerful day . People vary on how literal resurrection is The Gospel writings about this are unclear on what happened . They skip that part , he says He says in post-Resurrection accounts Jesus appears , but he is not recognizable Parini : Differing accounts suggest much was rumor . But Easter rebirth message endures
Washington  CNN  -- Anticipating possible political backlash if forced federal spending cuts kick in as expected later this week , the Senate 's No. 2 Republican said Monday that he is preparing a message he plans to hit hard : The cuts are not going to have as negative an impact as the Pentagon and others in the Obama administration are saying . Sen. John Cornyn of Texas said he plans to make the case to other Republicans and the public that despite warnings from the Pentagon that the mandated cuts will be devastating , the overall amount of defense spending will actually still rise . Cornyn conceded that until now he had been parroting what Defense Secretary Leon Panetta continuously warns -- that automatic , government-wide cuts could jeopardize national security . But the veteran senator said he looked into it and will now argue that even if the cuts go through on March 1 , the Pentagon will still see its budget go up . Cornyn 's preview of what he hopes will be a Senate GOP argument is significant since defense cuts are usually something Republicans adamantly oppose . He will surely run up against some in his party who strongly disagree . To be sure , Cornyn called himself a defense "  hawk " and did say the role of the federal government should be first and foremost to protect American citizens . Where you 'll feel forced spending cuts But he also believes that the deficit should be paramount since the United States has ended its fighting in Iraq and is winding down the war in Afghanistan . He added that if "  God forbid " another 9/11 happens , Congress would act . Still , Senate Republicans are considering a proposal this week that could alleviate some impacts of the cuts by giving the president flexibility to decide where they would occur . However , GOP sources tell CNN that Republicans have not yet worked out among themselves whether their measure would give the president that flexibility on all domestic agencies and programs or just on defense . GOP sources say they are likely to work that out when Senate Republicans huddle for their regular lunch on Tuesday . The $ 85 billion in forced spending cuts were written into law intentionally to be indiscriminate . Opinion : If spending is cut , GOP will get the blame The law does not allow , for example , the Pentagon to keep funding going for a ship building program by shifting money being spent on a military golf course . And it does not allow the Health and Human Services Department to keep children in Head Start programs by cutting deeper in another agency . Part of the reason Senate GOP leaders have not decided yet how broad that flexibility should be -- whether it should apply just to the defense cuts , as many Republicans want , or to domestic cuts as well â $ " is due to differences in opinion among Republicans over how much power to give the president . But it is a key decision , since granting the president flexibility in cuts across the board could make it hard for conservative Democrats , such as those from defense industry-rich Virginia , to oppose . That 's because such an approach could soften the political burden for those Democrats who would be able to argue to their constituents they did everything possible -- including providing flexibility to the White House -- if economic damage ripples through their states . But one influential Republican senator told CNN on Sunday that he opposes giving the president so much flexibility because it undermines the decision-making authority of Congress . Opinion : There 's plenty to cut at the Pentagon "  I say to my Republican friends , if you want to give the president flexibility as to how to exact these cuts in defense spending , then why do n't we go home and just give him the money ? I am totally opposed to that , " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  We spent too long on defense authorization and finding out what this country needs to secure this country without saying , ` Hey , well we 'll just let the president have the , quote , flexibility . ' " A competing Senate Democratic proposal would replace the automatic spending cuts with a mix of tax increases on wealthier Americans and more targeted spending reductions than those currently required . Democratic leaders believe it will get more than 50 votes -- so they will be able to claim it won a majority in the chamber -- but will fall short of the 60 it would need to win Senate approval . In the meantime , both sides are preparing for no change -- and for forced spending cuts to take effect Friday . Democratic leadership sources admit that whether or not they can ultimately do anything to change the way across-the-board cuts are enacted will depend on the level of public outcry -- and media coverage . Democrats admit the impact may not be felt for at least a month , maybe more . Assuming no legislation is passed to alter the cuts this week , sources in both parties say they are already looking ahead to the next big deadline on March 27 , when the funding for the government runs out . A Democratic congressional source tells CNN that at this point , Democrats do not believe the White House wants to use that debate to revisit forced spending cuts , but the source said that could change depending on public reaction to the cuts .	Texas senator believes cuts may not be as bad for defense as the Pentagon says John Cornyn could face criticism from fellow Republicans with GOP strong on defense Pentagon would absorb half of the automatic , government-wide spending cuts Cuts due to take effect on Friday absent congressional action to avert them
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The mother of Grammy-winning singer Bruno Mars died of a brain aneurysm in a Honolulu , Hawaii , hospital Saturday , a Mars representative told CNN Sunday . Bernadette Hernandez was 55 . Mars -- born Peter Gene Hernandez in Hawaii 27 years ago -- was just 4 when he began performing in his family 's show as an Elvis impersonator . He moved to Los Angeles as a young adult to write and produce for other artists , but his last three years have been his most successful . His debut album for Atlantic Records , "  Doo-Wops & Hooligans , " includes "  Just The Way You Are , " which won him a Grammy for best male pop vocal performance in 2010 . The album and his hit single "  Grenade " were nominated for three Grammys in 2011 . His second album , "  Unorthodox Jukebox , " includes the hits "  Locked Out of Heaven " and "  When I Was Your Man . " Mars is set to resume touring on June 22 , but it was not immediately clear whether the concert schedule would be affected by his mother 's death . CNN 's KJ Matthews contributed to this report .	Bruno Mars was just 4 when he began performing as an Elvis impersonator Mars grew up in Hawaii and moved to Los Angeles to write songs It 's not clear whether his scheduled tour will be affected by his mom 's death
WIRED  -- You want it . You want it desperately . You want it desperately , but you do n't even know what it is . Such is consumer desire for 4G data connectivity in mobile handsets . Call it proof positive that the phone carriers ' marketing efforts have paid off -- this despite slow 4G infrastructure roll-outs , and actual 4G data rates that fall far , far below the promise of the 4G spec . In-Stat , a market research firm , recently announced that 75 % of more than 1,200 surveyed consumers listed 4G as one of the features that an "  ideal " phone would include . The survey also found that most consumers do n't know which carrier offers the fastest 4G speeds -- immediately begging the question , "  Would a consumer even recognize a 4G connection if it hit him or her in face ? " 4G is definitely a relevant smartphone feature . But the disparity between consumer knowledge and consumer desire is troubling , and may stem from the way that 4G technology is being advertised . 4G networks are currently underdeveloped , but carriers have been strongly pushing their networks nonetheless . And although carriers are marketing their 4G networks and 4G handset offerings nationwide , the actual availability of 4G services varies widely . For example , AT&T 's brand-new LTE network is only available in five urban markets  though the carrier does plan to cover 80 % of the populace by 2013  . Verizon 's LTE network , which currently features the fastest network speeds in the U.S. , covers 88 markets . It 's a large number , yes , but Verizon 's LTE network is available to just 110 of the nation 's estimated 307 million people . That 's around 33 % of the U.S. population , a far cry from the reported 75 % who crave a 4G device . CNET has compiled a useful chart of U.S. markets that are supported by at least one 4G provider . Coverage looks substantial at first glance , but for those in more rural areas -- or even metropolitan locales like San Francisco , which suffers extremely spotty coverage -- reliable 4G access is still a few years away . And spotty coverage is n't the only factor contributing to consumer confusion . Get this : A significant portion of people who own a 3G device mistakenly think they have 4G hardware . A July survey by Retrevo found that an astonishing 34 % of iPhone 4 owners thought they had a 4G phone . These customers were probably confused by their iPhone 's "  4â $ ³ designation , as well as the fact that the official definition of 4G is a moving target , and Apple has claimed "  4G-like " speeds . But iPhone owners are n't alone in their misconceptions . In that same Retrevo survey , a quarter of BlackBerry owners thought they had a 4G phone , when at the time of the study , there was no 4G BlackBerry handset yet available ! "  To be quite frank , there is no definition for what 4G is , " Gartner analyst Michael King says . "  Most LTE networks are pretty new , and there 's not much to compare it to . " This leads to even more confusion , particularly regarding what levels of speed users should be expecting from 4G service  which we 'll get into soon  . Regardless , carriers have successfully managed to brand the term "  4G " into our brains through successful advertising techniques . "  The industry has done a great job of associating 4G with the things a customer wants to do , but have n't been able to accomplish with 3G , " iSuppli analyst Francis Sideco says . Those things include real-time gaming , streaming video and the ability to make video calls . "  Marketing has focused on what you can do with it , rather than on technology for the sake of technology , " Sideco says . This approach stands in stark contrast to the confused messaging of 3G rollout campaigns , circa 2008 . Back then , carriers touted improved data speeds , but many consumers did n't understand what those data rates could be used for -- completely understandable considering the relatively small installed base of smartphones in that quaint era of feature phones . But that was 2008 . Today , a boatload of 4G phones are now available , with new ones popping up with increasing frequency . This morning , AT&T announced its first two LTE handsets , the Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket and HTC Vivid . The HTC Vivid has a 4.5-inch , 540 x 960 display and a dual-core 1.2 GHz Snapdragon processor . The Skyrocket is AT&T 's version of the popular Galaxy S II , which has a 4.5-inch , 480 x 800 Super AMOLED Plus display , and a 1.5 GHz Exynos chip . Both run Android 2.3  Gingerbread  and will be available Nov. 6 . With consumers clamoring for 4G handsets , carriers must be able to follow through with their 4G promises -- and that means improving on two key 3G performance pain points : throughput and latency . Throughput is the spec everyone usually talks about . Measured in bits per second  or megabits per second in the case of 4G  , this spec describes just how much data can be sent through a carrier 's network in a fixed time period -- that is , a second . This number refers to pure network speed -- and everyone wants speedier data service , hence everyone 's preoccupation with throughput . Latency , meanwhile , describes the time delay between when a mobile device "  pings " a network and when that network actually responds . High-latency networks cause a host of problems -- most significantly , streaming video that stutters along in fits and starts . When network latency is low , however , real-time applications like video chat really begin to sing . Bottom line : Even if you 've got the fastest throughput imaginable , high latency levels will prevent you from enjoying video calls and and other types of streaming video . Current 4G throughput speeds -- whether you 're talking about LTE , WiMax or the not-quite-4G HSPA + -- are definitely slower than what could be theoretically accomplished , but Sideco says that will always be the case . The theoretical speeds of 21 Mbps for HSPA + and 70 Mbps for LTE could only be achieved in absolutely ideal conditions  for example , if you 're standing right next to a cellphone tower , or you 're the only one using the network  . But that 's OK , as carriers are n't even saying they can achieve these spec-topping speeds . On Sprint 's WiMax network , you 're promised 3 - to 6-Mbps download speeds ; on Verizon 's LTE , 5 - to 12-Mbps download speeds ; and with HSPA + , 5 - to 10-Mbps download speeds  AT&T specifies 6 Mbps  . All of these real-world numbers fall far short of 4G 's theoretical benchmarks . But do n't stress out . As long as consumers know what they 're really getting , they can make the informed decision to upgrade to a 4G phone and network . Or not . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Survey finds 75 % of consumers list 4G as one of the features that "  ideal " phone would have 4G networks are currently underdeveloped , but carriers have been strongly marketing AT&T 's brand-new LTE network is only available in five urban markets Verizon 's LTE network is available to 110 of nation 's estimated 307 million people
CNN  -- It 's inevitable these days . If you fly , you 're going to have to spend a good amount of time at the airport , either waiting to take off or between flights . Thankfully , more and more airports are sympathetic to your situation and are adding unique amenities to help keep you entertained . Of course , you can always whip out your laptop and check your e-mail or stop into the nearest newsstand and pick up the latest James Patterson thriller , but we think you 'll find these options a lot more exciting . SCHIPHOL AMSTERDAM AIRPORT , Amsterdam , The Netherlands : Schiphol certainly is n't the only airport to feature its own museum , but it was the world 's first . The terminal houses an annex of the city 's famed Rijksmuseum , the national museum devoted to Dutch art , history and more . Exhibits change every few months and admission is free . www.schiphol.nl LOGAN INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT , Boston , Massachusetts : Fliers with a sweet tooth can make their own sundaes at the self-serve MooBella Ice Creamery Machine . Simply step up to the interactive touch screen , key in your choices from the 96 combinations of ice cream and mix-ins , and , in less than a minute , out pops your tasty made-to-order frozen concoction . www.massport.com/logan-airport Amazing first-class air cabins MINNEAPOLIS-ST . PAUL INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT , Minneapolis , Minnesota : Another interactive touch-screen concept has just recently been introduced in Minneapolis , but instead of ice cream , it dishes out movies . At 11 Digiboo kiosks , travelers can download , via flash drive , digital versions of more than 500 movies  from classics to new releases  , that they can then watch on their laptop or tablet while in flight or just hanging around the terminal . The flicks can be either rented or purchased , and since the service is digital , new releases are always in stock and there 's nothing to return . In addition to Minneapolis , there are kiosks at the airports in Portland , Oregon and Seattle , Washington . www.mspairport.com AUSTIN-BERGSTROM INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT , Austin , Texas : Austin claims to be the live music capital of the world , and to prove their point , visitors do n't even have to leave the airport to catch a show . On stages at four venues in both the east and west concourses , more than a dozen live concerts are held each week , where ticketed passengers can get a front row seat for performances of everything from western swing to vintage jazz . www.abia.org HONG KONG INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT , Hong Kong , China : Getting in nine holes is par for the course in Hong Kong , thanks to the USGA-approved SkyCity Nine Eagles Golf Course adjacent to Terminal 2 , which just like your favorite courses at home boasts a clubhouse , pro shop and putting greens . Did n't pack your clubs ? No worries , you can rent them there . Flight get in late ? Not a problem , as flood lights let you play after dark . www.hongkongairport.com PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT , Portland , Oregon : Portland is widely regarded as one of the nation 's most bikeable cities , so it 's only logical its airport would want to install a bike assembly station . The space provides a handy place for travelers to assemble or disassemble their bikes before and after their flight . Travelers can even take a quick spin along the bike path that connects to the airport . Basic bike tools can be borrowed from the airport 's State Welcome Center , along with information on local cycling resources . www.flypdx.com INCHEON AIRPORT , Seoul , South Korea : Travelers connecting through Incheon can make the most of a long layover by joining one of the airport 's guided transit tours . Whether you 've got just an hour or two , or eight hours or more , there 's an option to fit your needs , including the Temple Tour , Shopping Tour , Korean Drama Hallyu Tour and Traditional Culture Experience Tour . www.airport.kr/eng Hire a guide , business travelers MIAMI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT , Miami , Florida : Need some snuggle time ? Casey , a 69-pound golden retriever , strolls though Miami International Airport two days a week with owner Liz Miller , an airport volunteer . The trained therapy dog is outfitted with a "  Pet Me " uniform and her own business cards  e-mail her at casey@miami-airport.com  . Casey and Liz give passengers directions and generally try to ease the travel experience . And if you 're flying with a pet in tow , you 'll want to make note of the growing number of animal relief areas , like those at the Miami airport that feature patches of real grass and a bright yellow fire hydrant . www.miami-airport.com GENERAL MITCHELL INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT , Milwaukee , Wisconsin : It 's game on at Milwaukee 's Mitchell Airport , where a ping pong table installed last summer as part of a special event has been so popular that they decided to make it a permanent fixture . Just try not to lose the balls . www.mitchellairport.com MUNICH AIRPORT , Munich , Germany : Germany 's beer brewing history is long and storied , and passengers at the Munich airport can sample the country 's savory suds at Airbräu , a Bavarian-style tavern complete with outdoor beer garden and its own on-site brewery . Thirsty patrons can even watch the brewmaster as he works his magic on the more than 110,000 gallons produced there each year . www.munich-airport.de/en ZURICH AIRPORT , Zurich , Switzerland : Swiss chocolates and watches are n't the only thing you can pick up at the Zurich airport . Through the airport service center , exercise-minded jet setters can rent sports equipment like bikes , inline skates and Nordic walking poles so they can get out and move and enjoy the local scenery . www.zurich-airport.com TAIWAN TAOYUAN INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT , Taoyuan , Taiwan : You do n't need a library card to enjoy a good book at what has been billed as the world 's first e-book airport library . Here , literary-minded travelers with some time to spare can rent an iPad or other e-reader that contains more than 400 works , available in both Chinese and English and spanning the gamut of genres . Thousands of regular books , magazines and newspapers are available as well . www.taoyuan-airport.com SAN FRANCISCO INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT , San Francisco , California : Harried travelers can practice their sun salutations at the new yoga room at SFO . The 150-square-foot , mirror-walled studio is simplistic  just a few chairs and mats  , but it 's a nice , quiet place to work out the kinks and calm the nerves . Namaste ! www.flysfo.com CHANGI AIRPORT , Singapore : When it comes to ways to entertain yourself at the airport , Changi takes the prize . Routinely voted among the world 's best airports , it features a laundry list of enticements , including five themed gardens , one of them home to more than a thousand butterflies ; free calf-massage stations , as well as a spa at which you can get one of the crazy treatments where tiny fish nibble the dead skin off your feet ; a free movie theater that plays first-run films ; free Xbox and PlayStation game consoles ; a 40-foot-high slide that you can zoom down at 19 feet per second ; a rooftop swimming pool ; prayer rooms ; designated napping facilities ; and a mobile post office that makes sending home those "  Wish you were here " postcards a breeze . www.changiairport.com	Golf , ping pong and gym facilities are available at a handful of airports Fresh brews and instant ice cream are a step up in concessions In Singapore , tiny fish will help travelers with a pedicure treatment
