CNN  -- Former world No. 2 Vera Zvonareva has withdrawn from next month 's Australian Open because of a shoulder injury . The 28-year-old Russian , twice a semi-finalist in Melbourne and defending women 's doubles champion  with compatriot Svetlana Kuznetsova  , announced on her Facebook page that she was pulling out of the event which starts on the January 14 . "  Hey everyone ... some bad news . I will not be able to go to Australia this year , " Zvonareva said . "  My body is not 100 % recovered yet and I want to start when I know I can play the rest of the year . I keep working hard to get healthy . Thank you for all your support ! " The Russian was troubled by a series of injuries  left hip and right shoulder  in 2012 which saw her compete at just 10 events . Her last appearance in a grand slam was at Wimbledon in June , where she reached the third round before retiring with an upper respiratory illness . Her absence from all tournaments since the London Olympics has seen her slip down the WTA rankings to No. 96 . Zvonareva is a two-time grand slam finalist reaching both the Wimbledon final and the U.S. Open final in 2010 losing to Serena Williams and Belgium 's Kim Clijsters respectively .	Former world No. 2 announces withdrawal from opening grand slam of 2013 The 28-year-old Russian has a injury to right shoulder Follows a 2012 season marred by injury and illness where she played only 10 events
CNN  -- Erykah Badu must pay a $ 500 fine and serve six months on probation for her naked stroll through downtown Dallas , Texas , while making a music video last March , a city official confirmed Tuesday . Badu reached a plea deal to settle a misdemeanor disorderly conduct citation issued after she released a music video , according to Dallas spokesman Jose Torres . The singer shed her clothes as she walked through Dealey Plaza until she was nude and then fell near where President John F. Kennedy was assassinated . Badu said the video was "  shot guerrilla style , " without a crew and in one take March 17 , 2010 . Badu then posted a message on her Twitter account acknowledging that "  there were children there . " She said she prayed they would n't be traumatized by seeing her naked . It was n't until several days after the video for the song "  Window Seat " was released on March 28 that anyone who witnessed the taping filed a complaint with Dallas Police . Only then did police issue a citation against Badu . Under the plea agreement , the offense will be erased from Badu 's criminal record if she successfully completes the 180 days probation . "  If she violates any law at the city , state or federal level , a motion to adjudicate  seeking to revoke probation  will be filed , " Torres said . "  If the motion to adjudicate is granted , Ms. Badu will have a criminal conviction . " CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report	Badu 's plea deal includes 6 months probation and a $ 500 fine The singer stripped in Dealey Plaza for a music video She fell naked near where JFK was shot
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- A Florida boy remains in stable condition just days after he found his parents ' long-forgotten handgun in a closet and accidentally shot himself in the head . Police are deciding whether or not to charge parents after their son found a forgotten gun and shot himself . Sheriff 's detectives in Pinellas County , Florida , near St. Petersburg , say the boy found the .25 - caliber European semi-automatic handgun in a box in a closet in their home . "  They are dealing with this very tragic situation , and at this point , no charges have been filed , " said Cecilia Barreda of the Pinellas County sheriff 's office . His stepfather found Jacob Larson , 12 , with a gunshot wound to the head Friday . The stepfather called 911 . Police say the shooting took place between 7:40 a.m. , when his mother , Tracy Newman , leaves for work , and about 11 a.m. , when his stepfather , Joseph Newton , returns home . The boy normally goes to school about 8:30 a.m. "  A few years ago , they moved , and -LSB- the gun -RSB- was stored in the closet . The mother never checked it , never fired it , " Barreda said . "  They told detectives that they forgot they had stored it in a box inside a closet . Both her and her husband forgot about it , " she said . Newman told detectives that she received the gun six years ago from a former employer . Police say that both she and her husband are cooperating in the investigation into the incident . The sheriff 's office says it 's unlikely that they will face charges . Florida law prohibits a person from leaving a loaded firearm where a minor might have access to it . Prosecutors do have some discretion , and depending on what happens with the gun , charges ranging from a misdemeanor to a felony can be filed in the event of death or serious injury . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say that 17 states have child firearm access protection and safe-storage laws . Chief Assistant State Attorney Bruce Bartlett says that although laws are needed , an accident with a firearm can be a greater penalty than any judge could ever hand down . "  Sometimes , the injury of a child is more severe from a punishment standpoint than any kind of criminal charge , " he said . The CDC says three children per day , on average , died in accidental incidents in the United States from 2000 to 2005 , the last year data are available . Bartlett said his office has filed charges in previous cases when there was culpable negligence on the part of a gun owner . But , he says , there are cases where accidents happen , not crimes . The Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence says that 34 percent of children in the United States live in homes with at least one firearm , so people have to be aware . "  It 's a horrible thing , and those parents will blame themselves from here out , and you have to look at things real close to see if it warrants any enforcement from our end , " Bartlett said .	Boy , 12 , found .25 - caliber gun in box in closet Police have not charged anyone in relation to incident Florida law prohibits leaving a loaded firearm where minor can access it Prosecutor : "  Sometimes , the injury of a child is more severe " punishment
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Russian military aircraft flew just 500 feet over two U.S. Navy ships this week as the ships participated in a joint military exercise with South Korea in the Sea of Japan , according to U.S. military officials . Two Russian Ilyushin IL-38 maritime patrol aircraft flew only 500 feet above a U.S. aircraft carrier . On Monday , two Russian Ilyushin IL-38 maritime patrol aircraft , known as "  Mays , " overflew the U.S. aircraft carrier Stennis while it was in international waters in the Sea of Japan . The Russian aircraft flew about 500 feet over the ship , lower than other flights the Russians have made over U.S. ships in the past year . The USS Stennis was about 80 miles east of Pohang , South Korea , participating in the joint military exercise when the flyover occurred . On Tuesday , the USS Blue Ridge , a lead command and control ship , and the Stennis were overflown by two Russian "  Bear " long-range bombers multiple times , according to U.S. military officials . The Bears overflew the ships at about 2,000 feet , officials said . U.S. military officials said that in both cases , U.S. Navy F/A -18 fighters met up with the Russian aircraft about 70 nautical miles from the U.S. ships and flew alongside them until they left the area . On both days , U.S. aircraft tried contacting the Russian planes on international air frequency radio channels , but the Russian pilots did not respond , officials said . The last time Russian planes flew over a U.S. Navy ship was February 2008 , when two Bears flew 2,000 feet over the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz south of Japan . Russian long-range flights skirting U.S. or other nations ' boundaries have also been common over the last year . Although the Pentagon does not often talk about the overflights , there is nothing illegal about the actions , and they are generally seen by the United States as nothing more than muscle-flexing by the Russian military .	Two Russian planes flew within 500 feet of U.S. Navy aircraft carrier That flyover is lower than others Russians have made over U.S. ships this year U.S. aircraft tried contacting Russian planes , but pilots did n't respond U.S. fighter jets met up with Russian planes , flew with them until they left
CNN  You 're likely to sweat a little to get to some of the best waterfalls . But they deliver a cool refuge and a powerful reminder of nature 's force . The United States ' waterfalls splash through national parks and preserves and are tucked away in state parks known only to nearby residents . Waterfall lovers will travel thousands of miles and hike or bike to see these prime examples of nature in action . Here are 10 stunning waterfalls across the country that are well worth the effort . 50 states , 50 spots : Natural wonders Havasu FallsGrand Canyon , Arizona Those who brave the Arizona heat to visit Havasu Falls are rewarded with refreshing natural swimming pools . Year-round water temperatures stay near a comfortable 70 degrees Fahrenheit . The falls are at the bottom of Havasu Canyon on the Havasupai Indian Reservation adjacent to Grand Canyon National Park . Havasupai means "  people of the blue-green waters , " and the name does n't disappoint when it comes to the aquamarine pools at the base of the falls . The village and falls are only accessible by hiking or horseback . It 's a 10-mile trip from the trailhead to the falls , which are about two miles beyond Supai Village . Hiking conditions are excellent in the earlier spring and later fall , with moderate temperatures . The area that includes the waterfall is managed by the tribe , which limits the number of visitors . One of the most beautiful and popular spots in the area , reservations are recommended . Triple FallsWestern Gorge , Oregon High in the Multnomah Falls area of the Columbia River Gorge in Western Gorge , Oregon , is the aptly named Triple Falls . The Oneonta Creek that runs through the gorge splits into three channels , which make their way around rock formations before they take the 64-foot plunge over the ledge . A moderately steep 5-mile round trip hiking trail takes visitors to an overlook above the segmented waterfall , but hikers rarely venture to the base . There are 10 other waterfalls within a few miles , but take the time to see Triple Falls . It 's one of most beautiful falls in the gorge because of its unusual , segmented pattern . Waimoku FallsMaui , Hawaii Off the famous Hana Highway , nestled into the Kipahulu District of Maui 's Haleakala National Park is the 400-foot Waimoku Falls . The falls are on the Pipiwai Trail , which gains 800 feet in elevation along the 4-mile round trip hike . On the way to Waimoku , hikers will pass the 185-foot Makahiku Falls and through a thick bamboo forest . Flowing down a steep lava-rock wall , covered by moss and vegetation , Waimoku Falls and the pool below are visible and accessible from a rocky hill above . Swimming is possible in the Kipahula District , but the pool under Waimoku Falls is not deep enough and falling rocks are a risk . There are much better-suited pools along the way . Check with the visitor center before you start your hike for current conditions . Blackwater FallsDavis , West Virginia The dark water of appropriately named Blackwater Falls comes crashing down five stories into the river below at West Virginia 's Blackwater Falls State Park . You can see the waterfall from numerous spots within the park , watching the amber-colored river plunge down and twist through the 8-mile long gorge . The tannic acid from fallen hemlock and red spruce needles is responsible for the tinted water that gives the spot its name . The falls are open year-round , with a beautiful array of wildflowers , panoramic views and a winter sled run . Shoshone Falls , Twin Falls , Idaho Known as the Niagara of the West , the height of Idaho 's Shoshone Falls is 212 feet , 36 feet taller than Niagara Falls . At their most powerful , the falls extend across the entire 900-foot-wide canyon , spilling into the Snake River below . Depending on the volume of water , the falls can take the form of a few trickling streams or a solid wall of water . Spring and early summer are the best times to see the falls at full force . Nearby recreation areas offer an abundance of water sports , such as canoeing , kayaking and paddle boarding on the Snake River . Bridal Veil FallsValdez , Alaska A frozen waterfall ? In winter , that 's what you 'll find when you visit Bridal Veil Falls , about 15 miles outside Valdez , Alaska . For hikers who do n't want to cross a glacier to get to the falls , the 2-mile Valdez Goat Trail has a great vantage point of the falls about a mile into the hike . For adventurous travelers up for the ice climb route , Bridal Veil Falls is one of the most accessible , lengthiest and widest ice climbs along the Keystone Canyon . Its closeness to the ocean keeps temperatures around freezing , rather than the sub-arctic temperatures seen in other parts of the canyon . Cascade FallsGiles County , Virginia The creek waters of Cascade Falls in Virginia drop over a 69-foot rocky ledge into the pool below , giving the famous falls its name . Some of the streams tumble over several ridges on their way , while others take the steep drop all at once . A 2-mile hike along Little Stony Creek will lead visitors to the falls . Many hikers take a second upper trail for the two-mile hike back . The Cascades Recreation Area is the beginning of the hike to the falls , with the trail also open to horses and bicycles , as well as year-round trout fishing . During the winter , ice formations hang from the surrounding 200-foot cliff wall , with wooden stairs and platforms for close , easy viewing and great photographs of the falls . Vernal FallYosemite , California By following the Mist Trail or the John Muir Trail inside California 's Yosemite National Park , visitors will be treated to a close-up view of Vernal Fall . Vernal Fall is visible from a footbridge less than a mile into the hike . Just beyond the bridge the two trails diverge . Adventurous hikers can continue along the Mist Trail up 600 granite steps of "  nature 's giant staircase " to the top of 317-foot Vernal Fall . Expect waterfall spray in the spring and early summer . Beyond Vernal Fall on the Mist Trail you 'll find the impressive Nevada Fall . While a late July wildfire has hit Yosemite , the park remains open and the falls remain accessible . Amid several years of drought , Vernal Fall is one of the better waterfalls to seek out , according to a National Park Service spokeswoman , because it is fed by a glacier and a spring in addition to snow melt . Some of the park 's other falls are running dry due to the lack of precipitation . Potato River FallsGurney , Wisconsin When most people think of the Midwest , waterfalls do n't immediately spring to mind . Change your thinking : Potato River Falls , found in Gurney , Wisconsin , has been called one of the most beautiful waterfalls in the region . Located at the end of Potato River Falls Road in a county park , the falls are easily viewable from several trails . The waterfall , divided into Upper and Lower falls , plunges 90 feet into the river . On the half-mile trail that leads to Upper Falls , hikers can access the top of Potato River Falls by following the river bank . Autumn visitors will also be treated to some wonderful opportunities to photograph the fall colors . Bond FallsPaulding , Michigan One of the best kept secrets of Michigan 's Western Upper Peninsula , Bond Falls has a 40-foot drop that extends 100 feet wide and divides into several smaller cascades . Located on the middle branch of the Ontonagon River near Paulding , Michigan , the falls have been designated a Michigan State Scenic site . Bond Falls is very accessible , with a level boardwalk from the parking area near the base of the falls leading visitors to a viewing point .	Alaska 's Bridal Veil Falls is usually frozen in winter Shoshone Falls , in Idaho , is 36 feet taller than Niagara Falls Visitors can climb and explore Wisconsin 's Potato River Falls
CNN  -- The phrase "  it 's cold outside " does n't begin to describe it . With the mercury well below zero in parts of the Northeast , people in New York and the New England states are facing some of the coldest temperatures the region has seen in years . So , just how cold is it ? Temperatures in Boston dropped to 2 degrees below zero Monday morning , according to CNN meteorologists . To the south , in New York , it was even worse , with the morning temperature sitting at 6 below zero . Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick has urged people in his state to take extra caution in the dangerously cold weather . In a statement released on Monday , the governor announced that he had put state agencies on high alert to respond to any public safety and public health issues that may emerge . "  We are also reaching out to cities and towns to make sure they are prepared , and have pledged support , where needed , " the statement said . Patrick is working with the United Way and the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency to provide services and assistance to residents across the state . Boston might be considered cozy by its neighbors to the west , according to CNN meteorologist Sean Morris . In North Adams , Massachusetts , Monday morning 's low was 20 below zero . In New York state , the cold weather caused trouble for travelers . Schools in North Syracuse had to close after several dozen of the district 's 136 buses failed to start , according to local media reports . "  We could not chance putting them out on the road and then having them stall and not be able to pick up the students , " school district director of transportation Mike Janisch told CNN affiliate WSYR . Amtrak had to shut down part of its service in New York as well . A statement sent out on Monday said the sub-zero temperatures had caused some signals , switches and equipment to freeze , leading to the cancellation of some services in the region . Northwest of Albany , temperatures dipped to 30 below in Indian Lake , and minus 22 in Gloversville . Other Northeastern states are also facing bitter cold . In Mount Washington , New Hampshire , temperatures dropped to 35 below zero . But if you think these temperatures are approaching global record lows , you 're way off . On July 21 , 1983 , temperatures dropped to a bone-chilling 129 degrees below zero in Vostok Station , Antarctica -- the coldest temperature ever recorded on Earth .	Temperatures well below zero in parts of the Northeast School was shut down in one city after buses refused to start , local media report Amtrak canceled services after equipment froze , a statement said Massachusetts governor puts state agencies on high alert
Chicago  CNN  -- Even in the best of times , running a charity is n't easy . Try doing it during a recession . "  Individual giving has declined . Foundations , which give us funding , have lost money and ca n't give what they have in the past , " said Jim LoBianco , executive director of StreetWise Inc. , a Chicago nonprofit that assists men and women who are homeless or at risk of becoming homeless . "  We 're struggling . " LoBianco 's job got easier , however , once he met Judson Kinnucan . Kinnucan , 37 , has made it his mission to collect donated goods in Chicago , sort through them and get them to charities in need . For LoBianco , help came in the form of free toiletries for the shelters that StreetWise works with . Now , every month , Kinnucan delivers about 200 pounds of donated shampoo , conditioner and lotion and about 1,000 rolls of toilet paper . During the three years they 've worked together , LoBianco estimates , Kinnucan has brought them more than $ 20,000 worth of products -- for free . "  Judson builds these relationships with donors , gets these products and then brings them to us , " LoBianco said . "  Having someone that is willing to do all the legwork is essentially saving an agency like us a full-time employee . I ca n't stress how invaluable he is . " More than 200 charities across Chicago have benefited from Kinnucan 's unique brand of assistance . Since 2009 , he has collected 145,000 pounds of goods -- estimated to be worth more than $ 1 million -- through his nonprofit , Bin Donated . The idea is simple . He places 55-gallon bins across the city , in residential areas and businesses such as dental offices and hotels , where people can deposit reusable goods . Then , every weekend , he gathers the donated contents , sorts them with the help of volunteers and distributes the goods to local nonprofits that need them . "  When people come up to a bin , I have signage that says exactly what 's needed . ... I make sure everything is very focused , " Kinnucan said . "  I do my research and find out what they need and collect that , or find places that need what I have . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes Russell Eiermann , director of housekeeping at Chicago 's Drake Hotel , was always bothered by the half-empty toiletries the housekeepers had to throw away at the end of each guest 's stay . He 'd tried to find groups to come and pick up the items , but for various reasons , it had never worked out . Then he found Kinnucan . Now , Eiermann 's staff collects the used amenities on their carts and puts them in Bin Donated barrels at the end of the day . When the bins are full , Kinnucan picks them up . "  For  him  to actually take this and give it to somebody that needs this is a relief , " Eiermann said . "  It 's nice knowing that my staff is supporting that and there 's people getting to benefit from it instead of just tossing it away . " Most charities do n't mind receiving partially used goods . "  It 's not about aesthetics for our clients , " LoBianco said . "  Things may not look as pretty as they do if you go into a retail store and buy it over the counter . The fact is that those items , whether it 's soap or shampoo or half a roll of toilet paper ,  are  critical to the men and women that StreetWise serves . " Kinnucan came up with the idea of Bin Donated when a friend was having a "  clean out the closet " event . The friend asked Kinnucan whether he knew anyone who would pick up all the donations . He did n't , but he had an epiphany . He had recently left his job as a recruiter , where he had matched people with the right job . Maybe he could do something similar for charities . "  I would be the middleman . Find the goods , pick them up and drop them off , " he said . "  I would be able to save time and money for these charities , and in turn , they could focus on what they do . " Hygiene products , like those provided to StreetWise , make up the majority of Kinnucan 's donations . But over the years , he has collected and distributed thousands of pounds of food as well as school supplies , toys and books . He is also known locally as the man who will accept any and all donations . When a sales company had 8,000 pencil sharpeners to contribute , Kinnucan brought them to charities that work with school-age children . One company donated 150 alarm clocks ; Kinnucan gave them to a nonprofit that provides housing to people with mental illness . And when a local hotel was replacing 75 ice buckets and 55 coffee makers , Kinnucan parceled them out to various nonprofits in the area . "  The idea behind a donation drive has been around for eons , " Kinnucan said . "  The difference is , I 'm collecting for everybody . " There 's another benefit to Kinnucan 's work : By delivering goods to those who need them , he 's also keeping the items out of landfills . "  For a lot of companies or individuals , it 's easier to just throw it away -- out of sight , out of mind , " he said . "  So really , the concept behind Bin Donated is to reduce , reuse , recycle and get another opportunity to have someone to use that item , whatever it might be . "  It 's a win-win situation . We help the charities and the environment at the same time . " After working full-time on the project for nearly two years , Kinnucan is now working as a recruiter again and keeping the organization going on weekends . Having sunk his entire savings and 401  k  into the nonprofit , he would love to take his idea national one day . "  Listen , if I won the Lotto , I would do this bigger , " he said . "  But  right now  I ca n't , so I 'm going to keep on helping the people of Chicago . "  I get dirty and sweaty , and it 's back-breaking work , but it 's fun , and it makes me happy . I set out to make a difference , and that 's what I 'm doing . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Bin Donated website and see how to help .	Judson Kinnucan collects donated goods and gets them to charities in need Whether it 's hygiene products , food or school supplies , he wants nothing to go to waste Many charities in Chicago lean on his efforts as they struggle for funding Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Many Latinos say they know how Harvard University professor Henry Louis Gates felt during a recent arrest because they believe police often racially profile Hispanics , too . Gates , a noted African-American scholar , has said he was arrested at his home in large part because of his race . Police say he became disorderly when asked for identification after a report of a possible break-in . "  Professor Gates ' case resonates with us because he is a prominent academic at a very prominent institution , but it is a reality that occurs on these streets every day , " said Vicente Alba-Panama of the National Congress for Puerto Rican Rights . Latinos are affected the same way that African-Americans are , Alba-Panama said . "  In this country , when you talk about racial or ethnic problems it is always discussed in terms of black and white and other communities are excluded , such as the Latino community , " he said . A 2004 Gallup Poll found that 67 percent of African-Americans and 63 percent of Latinos believe they are the victims of police discrimination . Among whites that figure fell to 50 percent , according to the survey . Police say they often have to make split-second decisions while staying safe . "  First , when officers arrive , they have to think of their own safety , " said Anthony Miranda , executive chairman of the National Latino Officers Association of America . "  Secondly , they think about public safety and from there they should make a decision . The problem is that in the discussions we are having is that officials abuse their authority . " Gates was arrested July 16 and accused of disorderly conduct after police responded to a report of a possible burglary at his Cambridge , Massachusetts , home . Gates had just returned from an overseas trip and had to force his front door open because it was jammed . A passer-by notified police of a possible break-in . Police said Gates became belligerent when asked for identification . The charge was later dropped , but the incident sparked a national debate about racial profiling and police procedures . President Obama added to the controversy last week when he said at a news conference that the Cambridge police had acted "  stupidly . " The arrest led Cambridge officials to create a commission made up of national experts that will evaluate police practices and make recommendations to reduce improper procedures . Obama had a beer at the White House on Thursday evening with Gates and the officer who arrested him , Sgt. James Crowley , so they could discuss the issue . The two men said afterward they planned to meet again privately .	Latinos affected the same way that African-Americans are , activists say Harvard professor 's recent arrest has sparked national debate on racial profiling Similar percentages of African-Americans , Latinos cite concern on police in 2004 poll
Washington  CNN  -- A team of engineers will delay until Wednesday their plans to rappel down the sides of the Washington Monument , a photographer for the contractor said Tuesday , citing bad weather as the cause . "  They plan to start first thing in the morning , " photographer Ryan Pratzel told CNN as rain and possible thunderstorms approached . The engineers will be looking for damage caused by the August earthquake . "  The engineering team and the rappelling team , a combination of people from Denali National Park in Alaska as well as from an engineering firm , will come out of the windows at the 500-foot level , " said Bill Line , spokesman for the National Park Service . "  What they will do is do a very close visual inspection to check to see if there are any smaller cracks that were sustained during the earthquake , " Line said . Engineers will work "  to determine whether those cracks could , in the next couple of years , grow . " Officials need to "  get up close " and search for possible damage , Line said . The concerns stem from the August 23 earthquake , which shook much of the East Coast . The Park Service said Monday that the interior assessment found the monument is structurally sound . "  The heaviest damage appears to be concentrated at the very top of the monument , in what is called the pyramidion , where large cracks of up to 1-1/4 inch wide developed through stone and mortar joints , " said Bob Vogel , superintendent of the National Mall and Memorial Parks . Daylight is visible through some of the cracks , and rain water has gotten into the monument , which could cause further damage . The difficult-access rappelling team -- which includes members of the firm of Wiss , Janney and Elstner -- will scale the outside of the structure to get a closer look . They will install climbing ropes and safety lines on all four sides , then clip onto those lines , Vogel said . Weather permitting , they will climb up the pyramidion and then descend the length of the monument looking for exterior damage . On Monday , the Park Service put on its web page video of the interior of the monument that was shot during the earthquake . It shows park rangers and tourists rushing down the stairs as debris falls onto the observation deck . The video also shows a ranger , Niki Williams , helping visitors and remaining calm . "  She had the presence of mind , she had the composure , to make certain that she got people down to the 490-foot level and started walking down the stairs , " said Line . "  She showed a lot of courage , in fact , by coming back up to the 500-foot level to collect the last remaining visitors and to ensure their safety and put their safety ahead of her own in order to get everybody out safely . So we 're extremely proud of the work she has done . " In a few weeks , after the exterior assessment is completed , the Park Service expects to come up with a timeline to reopen the monument to the public . The Washington Monument , built between 1848 and 1884 , is 555 feet , 5-1/8 inches tall . Its walls , 15-feet thick at the base and 18-inches at the top , are composed primarily of white marble blocks , according to the Park Service . The monument "  is not going anywhere , " Vogel said . "  It is a testament to the original builders that the monument has withstood not just this earthquake but an even larger one in the late 1800s . " CNN 's Sally Holland and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : Weather delay means the team will try again Wednesday Video from the quake shows a ranger guiding people out calmly , the National Park Service says
Buenos Aires , Argentina  CNN  -- Soccer has long been a bloody business in Argentina , but 2010 has proved particularly violent with five deaths linked to the so-called "  beautiful game . " Among the dead were two former bosses of hooligan gangs -- known locally as Barra Brava -- associated with clubs in the northern city of Rosario , but the most high-profile was policeman Sergio Rodriguez . Rodriguez was shot in the head as he tried to separate fighting fans of Estudiantes and Argentinos Juniors in the city of La Plata , according to Telam , the official Argentine government news agency . A solution has long been sought to end the bloodshed that for years has plagued Argentina 's terraces , but when news emerged of a scheme to offer up to 500 of the country 's most notorious hooligans free trips to the World Cup in South Africa , it was met with widespread criticism . When the government was implicated , that criticism turned to disbelief . The idea was the brainchild of a non-government organization called Hinchadas Unidas Argentinas  Argentine Fans United  who claimed the scheme would reduce violence by bringing fans together . The link with the government was seemingly given credence when prominent HUA figure Marcelo Mallo -- a man who previously campaigned for former Argentina president Nestor Kirchner , the husband of current incumbent Cristina -- claimed fans from the barra could become "  tools at the government 's disposal " through their activity with the NGO . Despite the appearance of banners calling for the re-election of Cristina Kirchner at prominent matches , the government steadfastly denied involvement by telling CNN there is "  no connection whatsoever . " However , prominent pressure group Salvemos al Futbol  Let 's Save Football  -- a fans organization committed to increasing transparency and reducing violence in the game -- is convinced the government and the HUA are entwined . Mallo has been keeping a low profile after suggesting the HUA 's offer of World Cup trips had a political motivation . But Emiliano Tagliarino , a spokesman for HUA , and a member of the Huracan barra told CNN : "  At one point we wanted to get close to the Kirchner government , but they did n't want to have anything to do with us . Politics does n't interest us . I 'm not looking to get elected . What interests us is stopping violence in football . "  Marcelo Mallo is not involved in every aspect of our organization . He is not there in the stands with us at the stadiums every week . He helps us with the legal side of things ; he helped us secure our office . But the people who are in charge of HUA are us -- the fans like me . " Pablo Paladino , Undersecretary of the Argentina National Department of Football Security , was unequivocal when he spoke to CNN . "  There is absolutely no connection whatsoever between the hooligans and the state , " he said . "  The Argentine government has never even considered the idea of sending members of the Argentine Fans United  HUA  to the World Cup in South Africa . "  I consider it impossible that any group except the government be in charge of guaranteeing security at football matches here . "  I really do n't see how this group -LSB- HUA -RSB- can claim to be working to stopping violence when we see some of their members causing problems at the stadiums every week . What they say they want to do is one thing , but what we see them doing every weekend is different . " Mallo originally claimed that up to 500 football fans could benefit from the paid-for trips , but HUA now says between 80 and 100 fans are going and that "  each is paying his own way . " The confusion is a familiar scenario according to Monica Nizzardo , president of Salvemos al Futbol . She told CNN that her group was "  very concerned " about HUA . "  The Argentinean government has given them a place in their political structure . One of HUA 's leaders has been quite clear about that . "  The hooligans have always been involved in trouble at World Cups in various host countries . Why would we believe they 'll behave now ? They do n't even do that here -- despite the pact they signed to get the trip in the first place . "  We are working with the relevant governmental organizations -- but unfortunately it does n't really seem that there is a strong political will to tackle violence in football . " Paladino disagrees and says the government is now implementing "  technology " that will allow it to better identify those who misbehave at football matches . He also pointed out that the government can not employ the same measures to prevent known hooligans from traveling abroad for matches as countries like the UK can . He explained : "  In Argentina , the only way we can legally prevent a hooligan from traveling to South Africa is if a judge orders him detained or if he is already involved in a legal proceeding . But we do n't have the authority to take away the passports of hooligans . " One person who has been enlisted by the government to help tackle the problem is behavioral scientist Otto Adang , chair of public order management for the Dutch Police academy . He has been working in Argentina for six years , but admits the complex nature of Argentinean football violence makes it a difficult beast to tame . He told CNN : "  We have to look at all the links -- the links between politicians and clubs and fans . Other interests are the money that is involved and the links that exist between different parties involved , which make the problem in Argentina much more complex . Argentina needs a tailor-made solution because it is a unique problem . " Adang did express his concerns over HUA 's proposed World Cup deal , though . "  It does n't sound like a very good idea at all , " he said .	Argentine hooligans are being offered free trips to the World Cup in South Africa The deal is through an NGO who want a reduction in football violence in return Argentina 's government has been linked but strenuously denies any involvement Pro-government banners have been visible at recent games in Argentina
EW.com  -- Once again , it was all about "  The Avengers " at the box office , as three new releases failed to even approach the Marvel superhero blockbuster 's third-weekend gross of $ 55.1 million , according to studio estimates . The movie dropped 47 percent -- an admirable hold for a picture that 's putting up such huge numbers . By the end of Sunday , "  The Avengers " will have made an estimated $ 457.1 million domestically , passing $ 450 million in a record 17 days .  The previous record holder , "  The Dark Knight , " reached that milestone in 27 days .  Meanwhile , "  The Avengers " also passed "  Pirates of the Caribbean : Dead Man 's Chest " to become Disney 's biggest movie ever both domestically and worldwide . It now sits in fourth place on the all-time worldwide chart , behind only "  Avatar , " "  Titanic , " and "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 2 . " "  The Avengers ' " continued dominance meant fewer moviegoers for "  Battleship , " which sunk on arrival with only $ 25.3 million . That 's the worst domestic opening ever for a movie with a reported budget of at least $ 200 million .  Universal spent $ 209 million on the PG-13 picture .  It 's also a smaller debut than this year 's other notorious flop , "  John Carter , " which started out with $ 30.2 million . To the dismay of Tim Riggins fans everywhere , Taylor Kitsch has now starred in two of the year 's biggest bombs . "  Battleship " has so far earned $ 226.8 million overseas , which will help to lessen the damage from the movie 's dismal opening here . Also , Universal will clearly be hoping that the upcoming Memorial Day holiday weekend will soften the film 's second-weekend decline . Still , no matter how you look at it , Battleship 's performance is a major disappointment . Moviegoers were n't able to get past the idea of a seeing a board-game adaptation crossed with an alien-invasion flick , although those who did see it gave it an okay "  B " rating according to the market-research firm CinemaScore . "  Battleship " struggled to attract younger moviegoers , as 55 percent of its audience was at least 30 years old . Men represented 57 percent of ticket buyers . In third place , "  The Dictator " collected a decent $ 17.4 million for a five-day tally of $ 24.5 million .  The movie opened on Wednesday .  The result is a bit of a setback for star Sacha Baron Cohen , whose prior comedies "  Borat " and "  Bruno " debuted to $ 26.5 million and $ 30.6 million , respectively . Now the question is whether the Paramount movie will fall at the same velocity as "  Bruno , " which ultimately ended its domestic run with just $ 60.1 million . Both "  The Dictator " and "  Bruno " earned a poor "  C " grade from CinemaScore audiences , which is n't a promising sign . However , whereas "  Bruno " dropped an alarming 39 percent from Friday to Saturday , "  The Dictator " managed to rise 16 percent . The movie cost $ 65 million to produce and drew a young , male crowd -- 65 percent of the audience was male , and 56 percent was under the age of 25 . Overseas , "  The Dictator " fared well for an R-rated comedy , earning $ 30.3 million in 29 markets and topping the weekend in Australia and a number of European territories , including the United Kingdom and Germany . The weekend 's other new comedy , Lionsgate 's pregnancy-themed "  What to Expect When You 're Expecting , " debuted to an underwhelming $ 10.5 million . The PG-13 movie , which cost $ 40 million and features an ensemble including Cameron Diaz , Jennifer Lopez , Elizabeth Banks , Chris Rock , and Dennis Quaid , attracted a crowd that was 70 percent female and 64 percent over the age of 25 . CinemaScore participants gave it a lackluster "  B - " rating . Among holdovers , the Tim Burton film "  Dark Shadows " plunged a steep 57 percent for $ 12.8 million . The $ 125 million horror comedy , starring Johnny Depp as an out-of-his-time vampire , has so far drained $ 50.9 million domestically and $ 81.3 million overseas . In limited release , the sports drama "  Crooked Arrows , " starring "  Superman Returns ' " Brandon Routh as the coach of a Native American lacrosse team , scored a surprisingly solid $ 280,000 from 55 theaters . The British geriatric comedy "  The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel " continued to excel in limited release , grossing $ 3.3 million from 178 locations . The movie jumped 22 percent this weekend even though it did n't add any additional theaters . However , another British comedy , Hysteria , debuted to only $ 40,800 at five theaters . 1 . "  The Avengers " -- $ 55.1 mil 2 . "  Battleship " -- $ 25.3 mil 3 . "  The Dictator " -- $ 17.4 mil 4 . "  Dark Shadows " -- $ 12.8 mil 5 . "  What to Expect When You 're Expecting " -- $ 10.5 mil See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Avengers ' " continued dominance meant fewer moviegoers for "  Battleship " "  Battleship " sunk on arrival with only $ 25.3 million "  The Dictator " collected a decent $ 17.4 million
CNN  -- Lazio moved up to second place in Serie A on Saturday with a 1-0 win at Sampdoria . A first-half goal from Brazilian midfielder Anderson Hernanes was enough for all three points as a clutch of teams look to keep touch with leaders Juventus . The reigning champions , who left it late to beat Cagliari on Friday , are currently eight points clear with 44 points . Vladimir Petkovic 's side replace Inter Milan in second place after Andrea Stramaccioni 's side could only manage a 1-1 draw at home to struggling Genoa . Ciro Immobile gave the visitors the lead in the 77th minute before Argentina 's Esteban Cambiasso headed home an equalizer with five minutes remaining . The result sees Inter slip to fourth , level on 35 points with Fiorentina , but with an inferior goal difference . Vincenzo Montella 's men boosted their league goal tally with a 3-0 win away to Palermo . Three second-half goals -- two from Stevan Jovetic and one from Gonzalo Rodriguez ensured a comfortable win over 18th place Palermo . Read : Lone soccer fan wins army of admirers Napoli remain fifth in the league after a 2-0 win at bottom-of-the-table Siena -- Christian Maggio scored with four minutes remaining before Edinson Cavani converted a spot kick in injury time . Erik Lamela scored a brace as sixth-placed Roma thumped AC Milan 4-2 at the Stadio Olimpico . Nicolas Burdisso put the home side ahead in the 13th minute before Pablo Osvaldo doubed the lead ten minutes later . Lamela made it three on the half-hour mark before finding the net again in the 60th minute to leave Milan reeling following a winning streak of four matches . Read : The lonely death of Diego Mendieta Milan managed to claw two goals back late in the game -- substitute 's Giampoalo Pazzini and Bojak Krkic finding the net in the 87th and 88th minute -- but it was only after Roma 's Brazilian defender Marquinhos had been shown a red card for deliberate hand ball ten minutes earlier . The win , which sees Roma consolidate 6th place ahead of Milan , is likely to heap further pressure on Rossoneri coach Massimiliano Allegri . Parma move up to eighth after a 2-1 away to Bologna . Frederik Sorensen gave the hosts the lead in the 54th minute before Roberto Donadoni 's team struck back with two quickfire goals . Jaime Valdes equalized in the 56th minute before Nicola Sansone hit the winning goal ten minutes later . Mid-table Atalanta and Udinese shared the points in a 1-1 draw -- Luis Muriel opening the scoring for the visitors in the 33rd minute only for German Denis to cancel out the lead with a spot kick seven minutes later . Torino eased their relegation worries with a 2-0 win over Chievo . The win lifts Giampiero Ventura 's side up to 13th with 19 points two points behind 12th placed Chievo .	Inter Milan drop to fourth in Serie A after a 1-1 draw with struggling Genoa Lazio 's 1-0 win at Sampdoria leaves them on 36 points , eight behind leaders Juventus Fiorentina up to third after comfortable 3-0 at Palermo ; Roma beat AC Milan 4-2 at Stadio Olimpico
Washington  CNN  -- Energy Secretary Steven Chu will resign from President Barack Obama 's Cabinet in coming weeks , he told Energy Department staff in a letter on Friday . Chu , who turns 65 this month , was a leading advocate in the Obama administration for alternative energy development , making him a target of the fossil fuel industry and its conservative supporters in Congress . He was a co-recipient of the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1997 and headed the Department of Energy 's Lawrence Berkeley National Lab and taught at the University of California before becoming energy secretary in 2009 . Read his letter "  I informed the president of my decision a few days after the election that Jean and I were eager to return to California , " Chu said in the letter . "  I would like to return to an academic life of teaching and research , but will still work to advance the missions that we have been working on together for the last four years . " He said he would stay on through an upcoming government energy research summit at the end of February , adding : "  I may stay beyond that time so that I can leave the department in the hands of the new secretary . " A statement by Obama thanked Chu for his "  dedicated service , " saying he "  brought to the Energy Department a unique understanding of both the urgent challenge presented by climate change and the tremendous opportunity that clean energy represents for our economy . " Chu "  helped my administration move America towards real energy independence , " Obama 's statement said , citing a doubling in renewable energy use , reductions in dependence on foreign oil and progress toward creating green energy jobs . At a White House event later Friday honoring Medal of Science winners , Obama mentioned Chu 's planned departure , calling it "  a loss for us . " He also praised Chu for "  designing a cap to plug a hole in the middle of the Gulf of Mexico when nobody else could figure it out , " referring to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill of 2010 . Critics blamed Chu for government backing of failed clean energy ventures led by the collapse of Solyndra . The solar panel maker went bankrupt in 2011 after receiving more than $ 500 million in federal financing under an Obama administration effort to accelerate such investments . Who 's who in Obama 's cabinet "  The direction the Department of Energy has taken under his leadership has been disconcerting , " said Rep. Darrel Issa , R-California , adding that he considered "  taxpayer losses on projects like Solyndra and the department 's deeply misguided effort to use taxpayer dollars as an investment bank for unproven technologies to be the most problematic aspects of his legacy . " In his letter to Energy Department staff , Chu called his stint as energy secretary the "  greatest privilege " of his life . He cited the creation of the Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy , a government effort to support energy technology development , as a major accomplishment , along with steps that he said have doubled production of wind and solar energy . Chu 's letter also defended the loan program linked to Solyndra , noting it was started in the Bush administration and supported 33 projects that he said generated $ 55 billion in economic investment . "  While critics try hard to discredit the program , the truth is that only 1 % of the companies we funded went bankrupt , " Chu wrote , later adding that "  the test for America 's policy makers will be whether they are willing to accept a few failures in exchange for many successes . " Chu also called in the letter for stronger U.S. action on climate change in the face of unrelenting opposition by the fossil fuel industry and conservatives in Congress . "  While we can not accurately predict the course of climate change in the coming decades , the risks we run if we do n't change our course are enormous , " Chu 's letter said . "  Prudent risk management does not equate uncertainty with inaction . " In particular , he wrote that despite the improved ability to find and develop fossil fuel resources , the nation should work harder to develop viable alternatives . "  As the saying goes , the Stone Age did not end because we ran out of stones ; we transitioned to better solutions , " Chu wrote . CNN Chief White House Correspondent Jessica Yellin and CNN 's Kevin Bohn and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama lauds Chu for plugging the Gulf oil leak Steven Chu says he will stay on until late February or beyond Chu is a Nobel Prize winning physicist Critics blamed Chu for failed government investments in clean energy development
Clearwater , Florida  CNN  -- After another marathon session of questioning about everything from their news-watching habits to criminal records , the Florida jury that could decide Casey Anthony 's fate started rounding into shape Friday . By day 's end , eight men and women had made it through various stages of the process at the Pinellas County courthouse and were still considered viable candidates to be on the jury in the trial of the Florida mother accused of killing her toddler . A total of 12 -- plus eight alternates -- will eventually be seated on the jury , which will be moved to and sequestered in Orange County , where the alleged crime happened and where the trial will take place . Friday marked the fifth day of jury selection in the case . Anthony , 25 , is charged with capital murder in the death of her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee . She faces six other charges , including aggravated child abuse , aggravated manslaughter of a child and misleading law enforcement . Jury selection was moved from Orlando to Clearwater amid concerns that the intense media attention surrounding the case could make it difficult to select an impartial jury in Orange County . While the process this week has gone somewhat slower than expected -- as evidenced by the fact court proceedings will likely go through 5 p.m. Saturday -- Orange County Superior Court Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. said Friday that it is imperative to seat a jury as quickly as possible . "  The cry was pretrial publicity . In a free society , I can not stop the press from reporting , broadcasting , and reporting , " said Perry , the presiding judge in the case , explaining the need to pick a jury in Clearwater soon , before more potential jurors are swayed by the media coverage . "  The longer we wait , the more dangers there are . " Once there are 12 jurors , Perry will ask the defense and prosecution teams if they want to use their preemptory challenges -- allowing them , at the judge 's discretion , to disqualify certain men or women from the jury pool . If they opt not to use the challenges , jurors can be sworn in . The goal is to have everything finalized for opening arguments Tuesday in Orlando . That would be followed by testimony by investigators , experts and others involved in the case -- including Casey Anthony 's father , mother and brother , who have testified in pretrial hearings . But this week , it 's been potential jurors who have been grilled on the stand . As they did Thursday , defense attorneys asked them whether they 'd be willing to take into account "  verbal , emotional or sexual abuse , " should they convict Anthony and be asked to decide whether to give her the death penalty . Besides the "  history of sexual abuse , " the defense also hinted again Friday that Anthony 's "  dysfunctional family " might be proposed as a "  mitigating circumstance " if she is convicted of murder , as might be "  a lack of impulse control or brain development . " The comments touched again on the Anthony family 's rocky relationship with one another . Casey Anthony made allegations of sex abuse against her father and brother in a letter from jail last year . In an interview with NBC News afterward , her father , George Anthony , denied the claims and criticized Jose Baez , another of his daughter 's attorneys , for questioning him about the allegations . Friday 's questioning also delved into the prospective jurors ' knowledge of the Anthony case , including what and from where they had heard about it . Caylee was last seen in June 2008 . Police began to look for her a month later after Cindy Anthony -- Casey 's mother -- made three 911 calls expressing her worry about her granddaughter 's disappearance . The girl 's skeletal remains were found in December of that year , in woods about one-quarter mile from the Anthony home . Prosecutors have said they plan to show Casey Anthony lied repeatedly about her daughter 's fate , contending she used "  a substance " to kill her daughter . Casey Anthony has pleaded not guilty to the charges . The defense has strongly combated the prosecution 's attempts to enter into evidence and hear from an expert claiming that she stashed Caylee 's body in the trunk of her car and dumped it .	By day 's end , 16 potential jurors have been selected as viable candidates A total of 12 , plus 8 alternates , must be picked before Casey Anthony 's trial The jury selection process will continue Saturday , with the trial set for next week Anthony is accused of killing her daughter and then lying to investigators
CNN  -- Serena Williams refused to get drawn into a pre-Wimbledon war of words with Maria Sharapova Sunday -- claiming she had apologized to her Russian rival for comments made about her personal life . Sharapova used her press conference Saturday to lambast Williams over an article which appeared in Rolling Stone magazine . It included a veiled reference to Sharapova 's relationship with Bulgarian player Grigor Dimitrov and also contained a controversial passage about the rape of a 16-year-old girl by two high school American football players in Ohio . "  If she wants to talk about something personal , maybe she should talk about her relationship and her boyfriend that was married and is getting a divorce and has kids , " Sharapova told reporters . The 31-year-old American is romantically linked with her French coach Patrick Mouratoglou . Sharapova also questioned the wisdom of the World No. 1 's comments on the rape , for which Williams was later forced to apologize , saying she found them "  sad . " . But Williams , who opens her Wimbledon title defense against Luxembourg 's Mandy Minella Tuesday , said she had reached out an olive branch to Sharapova at the WTA players ' party in London last week . "  I feel like Maria , unfortunately , was inadvertently brought into a situation she should have never been brought into , " Serena said . "  I personally talked to Maria at the player party . I said ; ` Look , I want to personally apologize to you if you are offended by being brought into my situation . I want to take this moment to just pour myself , be open , say I 'm very sorry for this whole situation ' . " Despite a grilling from the media , Williams refused to get drawn into a row over Sharapova 's stinging attack , while repeatedly apologizing for the Rolling Stone article . "  It definitely has n't been easy . And I feel like I really wanted to say , I apologize for everything that was said in that article , " she said . She also conceded the controversy may be a distraction as she bids for a sixth Wimbledon title and 17th grand slam crown . Her 16th came when she beat Sharapova for the 13th straight time in beating the defending champion at the French Open .	Serena Williams reacts to Maria Sharapova 's stinging attack World No. 1 says she apologized to the Russian earlier this week
CNN  -- Boy howdy , does the CNN Living team love a house tour ! There 's just something captivating about walking through a beautiful house , being inspired by design choices and seeing the personal treasures that make a home . And what better place to start a home tour than the front door ? Starting this week , we 're selecting user-submitted photos for the CNN iReport Open House Project . For our debut tour , we 've chosen "  front porches . " Each week , we 'll feature a different area of the home and learn how homeowners create beautiful spaces . Next week : foyers . Do you have a grand , eclectic or otherwise unique foyer ? Submit a photo for the gallery at CNN iReport ! See more iReport galleries : travel photos , otherworldly landscapes	CNN Living is starting a weekly house tour with user-submitted photos This week , we 're featuring lovely front porches Foyers are up next week , so send in photos !
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Barely six months after being crowned the winner of "  American Idol , " David Cook has released his self-titled debut album . David Cook recently released his debut album , which includes songs about his family . The Missouri native  no relation to the author of this article  described the recording process as "  squeezing a year 's worth of work on a record into 2 1/2 months . " But he 's very happy with the result . "  It 's a very accurate definition of where I 'm at , where I was and where I want to be , " he said . Cook sticks to his rock roots on the release , eliciting help from ex-Soundgarden member Chris Cornell to write the lead single , "  Light On . " He also keeps loved ones close : The track "  Heroes " is a tribute to his family . "  Permanent "  which Cook describes as having a "  delicate and lullaby feel "  and "  A Daily AntheM "  "  sing-alongy and grandiose "  acknowledge his older brother , who is battling brain cancer . The latter song was written three years before Cook 's "  Idol " run , when he was cutting his teeth as a grass-roots rocker . Watch David Cook show his chops " Cook , 25 , dropped by CNN 's New York offices  with his mother , Beth Foraker , in tow  to talk about keeping creative control , losing his privacy and his responsibility as Idol No. 7 . The following is an edited version of that interview . CNN : You were very involved in the making of your debut album , were n't you ? David Cook : Yeah . Out of 12 songs on the record , I wrote or co-wrote 10 , and the label was even kind enough to let me get involved with the art direction on the record . So it was a busy summer . CNN : You actually have a degree in graphic design , do n't you ? Cook : I spent five long years at the University of Central Missouri . It should 've been four , but I enjoyed college a little bit more than I should have . CNN : There 's skepticism that American Idols have very little control over the music they ultimately make . That was n't the case for you ? Cook : Well , I ca n't speak for anybody else except myself , and I guess in that sense , I lucked out . I mean , 19 -LSB- Entertainment -RSB- and RCA really -LSB- gave -RSB- me a little bit of carte blanche to allow me to make a record that is me . And to that end , I think we managed to pull something really cool off . CNN : What was your approach with the music ? Cook : I tried to put music down on this record that -LSB- translated -RSB- live . I want these songs to make people feel things and invoke certain responses in an audience . And so it 's a lot of very epic choruses and open bridges and stuff like that . Something that will give a show some room to meander and feel like a unique experience for everybody . CNN : -LSB- Lead single "  Light On " -RSB- debuted on the Billboard charts at No. 17 , and then several weeks later -- about four -- it dropped to No. 80 . Was that discouraging ? Cook : No , not really . I think , for us , it 's all about the long-term results . And I feel like the song seems to be getting speed now , especially with the record coming out . It just feels like everything 's headed in the right direction , so I 'm definitely not one to hang my head on immediate results . I 'd rather the song hit No. 1 four months from now if it 's gon na do it . I 'm just excited to get this record out . I 'm excited to have people hear it . CNN : When you were catapulted to fame , did you ever experience any self-doubt or feelings of insecurity ? Cook : I 'll be the first to admit there are -LSB- musicians -RSB- out there who are way better than me . I feel almost a responsibility to do everything that I can with this on their behalf as well as my own . But I 've always been a confident person . I feel like I know why I 'm here , I know what put me here . It 's just a matter of trusting it and going with it . CNN : All this talk about you and -LSB- "  American Idol " runner-up -RSB- David Archuleta being mortal enemies is absolute garbage , is n't it ? Cook : It is . David is one of the most unassuming , down-to-earth people I think I 've ever met . It seems like he has no idea he was even on the show , let alone did well . And I find that really endearing . He 'll be the first to congratulate you . He seems to just appreciate every moment CNN : You seem to be a very private person . Has all this attention been a little intrusive ? Cook : In a sense , yeah . It 's a little strange to go from toiling in obscurity to having to worry about walking out of a restaurant and -LSB- seeing -RSB- who 's going to shove a camera in your face and all that . But it comes with the territory , and if dealing with that on occasion allows me to make music that I want to make ... then , I 'll take it .	David Cook became the seventh "  American Idol " in the spring Cook wrote or co-wrote most songs on debut , even helped design art Cook and "  Idol " runner-up David Archuleta get along fine
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- Whenever someone at our office bitches about being overworked , our stock response is "  Beats digging ditches . " While the express intention of the statement is usually not-so-supportive , we think it 's a healthy reminder that at the end of the day , we are all basically professional e-mailers and should be thankful for such . The wildland firefighters who work for Grayback Forestry in Medford , Oregon , have no such motivational adages because their job is actually digging ditches . Around active forest fires . On the sides of mountains . You ca n't even bitch at these guys for having cushy government pensions to fall back on when they get older , because they 're all private-sector contractors . Which means if they are n't out fighting forest fires or doing preventative forestry on unburned woods  basically extreme landscaping  , they are losing money . They are the hardest working men in the tree business . Southern Oregon in the summer is a tinderbox . Last year the state recorded some 560 wild fires , the majority of which occurred in the seemingly endless sea of trees running across its bottom from the Cascades to the Pacific Coast . Humidity is next to nonexistent , which is extremely pleasant , but means that even an errant spark from a chainsaw or the proverbial cigarette butt out the car window can set the entire region ablaze . Flying into the Rogue Valley , there is evidence of past wild fires is everywhere : From the miles-long scar of the 2002 "  Biscuit " fire stretching past the horizon , to the smaller pockets of charred trees crowding the edge of towns to the blue Wilderness-Firefighter-ribbon bumper stickers flying past on the I-5 to the elaborate wildfire and firefighter shrines at a local bar . See more of Oregon Fire Lines at VBS.TV There are very few places firemen are n't revered as local heroes , but the wilderness firefighters of Oregon go past people simply risking their lives to help others into a crazy superhero realm where their work regularly prevents entire settlements from being destroyed . They 're literally the guardians of their communities . Incidentally , their work is also very beneficial for the forest . We spent a few days following a crew of Grayback forest-firefighters walk up the sides of what most people would consider a cliff , to chop down underbrush in preparation for a controlled burn . This is what they like to call "  project work " -- the light stuff they do between fires . The work is the hardest and least rewarding work we have ever tried to do . Unless you consider 12-hour-plus shifts of backbreaking labor , virtually zero outside recognition , and occasional accusations of being shills for the timber industry rewards . Which we do not . This piece was originally produced in August 2010	VBS follows firefighters as they prepare for a controlled burn 12-hour shifts involve ditch digging , brush clearing in mountains VBS crew calls it "  the hardest and least rewarding work we have ever tried to do "
Houston , Texas  CNN  -- A Texas woman who was sentenced to prison for stabbing her husband more than 200 times may have a chance at probation as a second jury reconsiders her sentence . Once dubbed the "  blue-eyed butcher " in news accounts , Susan Wright is serving a 25-year sentence for stabbing her husband , Jeffrey , to death in 2003 . During her murder trial the following year , Harris County District Attorneys alleged that Wright tied her husband to their bed during a seduction , dripped hot wax on his body and killed him . An appellate court upheld Wright 's conviction of first-degree murder but set aside her sentence , finding that her attorneys failed to do their job in the penalty phase of the case . The mother of two from Houston faces a wide range of sentencing options , from probation to life in prison . The decision rests in the hands of a new 12-person jury . Wright 's appellate attorney , Brian Wice , argued that her original team ignored crucial witnesses who would have supported Wright 's claim of abuse at the hands of her husband . A psychiatrist who treated Wright after the stabbing , an expert on Battered Woman Syndrome , and a former girlfriend of the victim who had pressed assault charges against him were all known and available to the defense but inexplicably never testified , Wice argued in his appeal . Wice attributed his client 's sentence to rookie defense attorneys who were "  steamrolled " by a veteran prosecutor . Former Assistant District Attorney Kelly Siegler , who tried the case , propelled the trial into the media spotlight with a dramatic courtroom re-enactment of the stabbing on the Wrights ' marital bed . Straddling a tied-down colleague on the actual bloodstained mattress , weapon in hand , Siegler demonstrated the State 's version of the killing . Prosecutors took a more measured approach this week , avoiding sexual innuendo but maintaining that the victim was tied to the bed during the attack . Harris County Deputy Chief Medical Examiner Dwayne Wolf and lead investigator Mark Reynolds both testified that apparent ligatures were found on the victim 's wrists . Explicit photographs of the victim 's wound-riddled body were displayed for jurors , with defense attorney Jonathan Munier describing the man as a "  leaking sieve " from injures ranging from his head to his genitals and legs . Wolf also said cocaine was found in the victim 's system , and several witnesses testified to his occasional drug use , which defense attorney say may have rendered him aggressive . Wright testified in 2004 her husband regularly abused her and that she experienced a break with reality when the stabbing occurred . Prosecution witnesses this week also testified to the defendant 's apparent clean-up of the scene and elaborate lies during the six days leading up to the discovery of her husband 's body . The 34-year-old was found buried in the backyard of the couple 's home . The family dog had partially unearthed the remains and chewed off much of the victim 's left hand . In the defense opening statement Friday , defense attorney Juan Guerra told jurors he would call experts on domestic violence . Wright , flanked by new attorneys , cried often during the testimony this week but smiled at the mention of her two children , now in the care of her former in-laws . The defense case will continue Monday .	Susan Wright was sentenced to 25 years for stabbing husband more than 200 times Appeals court set aside sentence , said lawyers failed to do their job in penalty phase A second jury has the option of sentencing her to probation or up to 99 years In first trial , prosecutors alleged Wright tied husband to bed during seduction , killed him
New York  CNN  -- Authorities have identified a teenager believed to be suffering from amnesia who was found on the streets of New York two weeks ago . Police say a CNN viewer in Maryland identified the young woman , who mysteriously turned up in Manhattan two weeks ago , claiming to have no memory of her family , her home or even her own name . The 18 year old whose name is not yet being released , is in the process of being reunited with her family . They are from Washington state and are on their way to New York , New York Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne said on Saturday . A photo of the woman , who has been referred to as Jane Doe , was circulated by police and aired on CNN this week . The viewer in Maryland was familiar with her situation and knew she had been missing from her family earlier this month . The girl was found in Midtown Manhattan around 12:30 a.m. October 9 outside the Covenant House youth shelter , although the organization said that she was not a resident at the time and did not appear as if she intended to seek refuge at the facility . "  I just want to know who I am , " the girl said in a statement from the New York City Administration for Children 's Services . "  I want to know who I am and what happened to me . " According to its Web site , "  Covenant House New York is the nation 's largest adolescent care agency serving homeless , runaway and at-risk youth . " Nearly 7,000 youths reportedly seek shelter there per year . A security guard for the shelter noticed the girl walking on the sidewalk near Covenant House and approached her . Finding her unresponsive , he called the New York City Police Department . Police officers interviewed the young woman , but it became clear that she could n't provide authorities with any information about herself . The police said she was wearing military green camouflage pants , a black shirt and a pair of black sneakers when she was discovered . The children 's services agency said the girl recently wrote down the name "  Amber " and has responded to it on one occasion , but she has no idea whether it is her true name . On another occasion she is said to have recalled certain words , which turned out to be an excerpt from the fantasy novel "  Fool 's Fate " by Robin Hobb . The girl also is apparently writing a fantasy story of her own that features a heroine named Rian , "  who 's been raised by the commander of the guard post on the edge of a fantasy kingdom , " the young woman said . Judging from her poor dental hygiene , said Lt. Christopher Zimmerman , she appeared to have been living on the streets for some time . Evan Buxbaum , Susan Candiotti and Vanessa Juarez contributed to the report .	NEW : New York Police say the 18-year-old is being reunited with family in Washington state NEW : CNN viewer in Maryland identified the young woman , police say She was found October 9 outside Manhattan youth shelter Agency says girl wrote down "  Amber " and responded to name
CNN  -- Manchester United boss Alex Ferguson has hailed the Champions League as the best football tournament on the planet , describing the World Cup as worse than a trip to the dentist . The Scot was replying to suggestions that Europe 's top club competition was losing its appeal ahead of the English side 's 3-0 win away to Turkish champions Bursaspor on Tuesday night . Critics of the UEFA-run event claim that there are too many meaningless games and mismatches in the group stage , with the real excitement not starting until the second round when two-leg knockout ties begin . "  The important thing is the Champions League has proved itself since its inception , " two-time tournament winner Ferguson told reporters ahead of United 's match against a side who have lost all four group games so far . "  It is better than the World Cup . It is unbelievable . There are some fantastic games . Yes , you have to get through the group stages before you get to the really exciting stage , but it is a fantastic tournament . "  If you look at the great teams in the European Cup now and think of the Premier League , you are not going to get the same crowd for Arsenal playing a lower team in the league , or the same tension and drama as you would Arsenal against Manchester United . "  It is the same in the Champions League . Inter Milan playing one of the smaller teams will not get the same crowd . " Champions Inter tumble at Tottenham Ferguson was less complimentary about FIFA 's World Cup , with the last staging in South Africa this year featuring several dull , poor-quality matches before finally taking off in the knockout stages . "  Have you seen the last six World Cups ? It is better going to the dentist , I suppose , " quipped the 68-year-old , who coached Scotland at the 1986 tournament in Mexico . United cruised to victory in the northwestern city of Bursa , despite resting several regular players , as goals from Darren Fletcher , young Frenchman Gabriel Obertan and Champions League debutant put the 2008 champions three points clear of Valencia in Group C . The Spanish club won 3-0 at home to Scottish champions Rangers . Wednesday night 's highlight will be the clash between Group G leaders Real Madrid and AC Milan in Italy . The Spanish side , who have won the European title a record nine times , will be seeking to become the first club to score 700 goals in the competition , needing one more to reach that milestone . Coach Jose Mourinho has left France midfielder Lassana Diarra out of his 21-man squad , but young Spanish defender David Mateos returns . Milan trail Real by five points after losing 2-0 in the Bernabeu two weeks ago , and come into the match following Saturday 's 3-1 defeat by Italian Serie A rivals Juventus . "  We 're going to be more careful tomorrow , " coach Massimiliano Allegri told reporters on Tuesday . "  In Madrid we started the game a bit frightened and made a lot of mistakes . We must n't play like that again . "  Milan traditionally look to win by playing a good brand of football . We 'll have to take to the field light-hearted and aware of our strength and technical quality . A united group ready to defend can allow its strikers to be decisive . "	Alex Ferguson defends Champions League from accusations competition has lost appeal Manchester United manager says European tournament is better than the World Cup Veteran Scotsman describes World Cup as being worse than a trip to the dentist Real Madrid seeking to become first club to score 700 goals in top European tournament
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The New York State Assembly passed a same-sex marriage bill Tuesday evening , bringing New York one step closer to legalizing such marriages . Gov. David Paterson has said he 'd sign a same-sex if it 's passed by the New York Senate . The bill , which passed 89-52 , will now go on to the state Senate for a vote . If it is passed there , it will go to Gov. David Paterson , who has made it clear he will sign the bill . "  I applaud ... members of both parties for moving this historic legislation forward , " New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg said in a statement released by the mayor 's office . "  I hope New York will soon become the latest state to adopt a law whose time has come . " State Sen. Thomas K. Duane , a Democrat , said in a statement , "  I am confident that this year my Senate will uphold this fundamental legal principle and vote for my right , our right , to be married this year . " This is the second time New York 's Marriage Equality Legislation has been approved by the State Assembly -- it passed in 2007 , but subsequently stalled in the then Republican-controlled Senate .	New York State Assembly passes bill by vote of 89 to 52 Same-sex marriage bill will go to the state Senate Gov. David Paterson has said he would sign a same-sex marriage bill New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg applauds legislators for vote
Washington  CNN  -- Get real , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel told America on Monday in proposing a scaled back , modern military that would cut the Army to its lowest troop level since before World War II , retire the A-10 "  Warthog " attack jet and reduce some benefits for fighting forces . "  This is a budget that recognizes the reality of the magnitude of our fiscal challenges , the dangerous world we live in , and the American military 's unique and indispensable role in the security of this country and in today 's volatile world , " Hagel said in unveiling the Defense Department spending plan for 2015 and beyond . "  There are difficult decisions ahead , " he added . "  That is the reality we 're living with . " Downsizing due to modernization and budget constraints began under Hagel 's predecessor , Robert Gates , and the proposal outlined on Monday described a new phase in the transition . "  Not a war-footing budget " "  For the first time in 13 years we will be presenting a budget to the Congress of the United States that 's not a war-footing budget , " Hagel said in response to reporters ' questions . "  That 's a defining budget because it starts to reset and reshape . " Under it , the former senator from Nebraska said the military would become a smaller , more tactical force capable of fighting on one war front and maintaining effective defenses for a second while shifting to more specialized capabilities . "  Our analysis showed that this force would be capable of decisively defeating aggression in one major combat theater -- as it must be -- while also defending the homeland and supporting air and naval forces engaged in another theater against an adversary , " he said . The proposal endorsed Monday by Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey , who appeared with Hagel at the Pentagon news conference , is certain to face strong opposition in Congress -- especially with midterm elections coming up in November . Hagel 's budget will be formally proposed next week and legislators from states or districts with major military bases or a heavy presence of contractors are expected to rail against it . In recent years , Republican hawks have battled military force reductions under President Barack Obama 's attempts to reduce defense spending as part of overall deficit reduction . Conservative Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , a possible GOP presidential contender in 2016 , questioned the planned cuts in forces at a time of varying threats and a U.S. shift in emphasis to the Asia-Pacific region , saying it "  does not make strategic sense . " "  It 's going to be a far slimmer military , " noted CNN Military Analyst and retired Maj. Gen. James "  Spider " Marks , predicting a rough reception in Washington . "  This is the toughest part -- the political part . " Retired NATO commander : It 's necessary Retired Army Gen. George Joulwan , a former NATO supreme allied commander in Europe , said he thought the changes were necessary . "  Whether it 's smart or not is yet to be seen . But I think it 's necessary to do , given the constraints that we face fiscally within the United States , " he told CNN . For now , the Pentagon budget for the rest of this fiscal year and for 2015 is about $ 500 billion for each , as set by a congressional compromise in December . Hagel acknowledged the changes he proposed mean assuming more risk , but said the military would be better situated to respond to the evolving security challenges facing the country . The recommendations in the budget plan for 2015 and ensuing years "  favor a smaller and more capable force -- putting a premium on rapidly deployable , self-sustaining platforms that can defeat more technologically advanced adversaries , " Hagel said . He added that the proposal includes "  important investments to preserve a safe , secure , reliable , and effective nuclear force . " All military forces , both active and reserve , would be cut under the budget plan . It calls for reducing the Army to a level of 440,000 to 450,000 troops , which would be the lowest total in more than 70 years . At its height , the Army had 570,000 troops after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , and currently has about 520,000 . According to Hagel , the budget proposal protects funding for cyberwarfare and special operations , and preserves money for the controversial and costly F-35 fighter jet . Warthogs retired ? His plan would retire the A-10 , which Hagel called a 40-year-old , single-purpose aircraft designed for Cold War operations , at a cost savings of $ 3.5 billion over five years . Separately , Hagel said 900 additional Marines would be assigned to bolster security at embassies around the world under his proposal . Diplomatic security has received close scrutiny since a terror attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi , Libya , in 2012 killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . Also , Hagel said the plan envisions increasing special operations forces from 66,000 today to 69,700 in the future to better meet tactical needs of a modern military requiring counterterrorism and crisis response . Other provisions would reduce some benefits for military personnel , resulting in them having to shoulder more of their housing and medical costs . Reducing the federal subsidy to commissaries would mean smaller discounts for groceries on U.S. bases . Through his remarks , Hagel warned that if Congress fails to eliminate planned across-the-board spending cuts beyond 2016 , the military reductions would be on a greater scale and significant enough to compromise U.S. national security . Some of those forced cuts , known as sequestration , were eased for this year and next under the budget deal worked out by Congress in December . CNN 's Halimah Abdullah and CNNMoney 's Jennifer Liberto contributed to this report .	NEW : GOP Sen. Rubio questions defense budget strategy Defense Secretary Hagel calls for shrinking the Army to pre-World War II levels The A-10 Warthog fighter plane would be retired Hagel says it 's time to shift to a smaller modern military
CNN  -- Interim Egyptian President Adly Mansour sent a letter to the family of jailed Al Jazeera journalist Mohamed Fahmy on Sunday telling him that Fahmy "  will enjoy all his rights guaranteed by Egyptian law . " Mansour also ordered Egypt 's interior minister to follow up on Fahmy 's health condition and "  to provide all possible care . " Fahmy , a former CNN producer , injured his shoulder before his arrest in December while working as bureau chief for Al Jazeera English in Cairo . He 's complained about not getting proper medical treatment while in prison . He says that because of the lack of treatment , he no longer has full use of his right arm . On Saturday , Fahmy , escorted by heavily armed , balaclava-wearing guards , arrived at a civilian hospital for the first time for a shoulder scan . Friends and family talked to him through the steel mesh of a prisoner transport vehicle before he was taken inside , where they had more access . The visit by family and friends "  put him in a good mood , " said Fahmy 's fiancee , Marwa Abdel Magid . "  It 's the first time I 've seen him smile since he got arrested . " Fahmy , who was seen barely able to lift his arm during his examination , had MRI and CT scans at the hospital . He said he and his colleagues -- Al Jazeera correspondent Peter Greste and producer Baher Mohamed -- were in good spirits . They also now receive daily newspapers to alleviate the boredom while they wait for their trial to end . Fahmy said he wanted more time outside his windowless cell with his colleagues . He also wants his case resolved faster and more time with his lawyer than the 45 minutes he receives before each session . In the letter , the interim President promised to "  make sure the case is resolved quickly and that justice is achieved according to the law . " Fahmy , Greste and Mohamed have been detained for almost three months after security services raided their workspace at the Marriott hotel . The Egyptian government says they distorted their coverage in favor of ousted President Mohamed Morsy and the Muslim Brotherhood , which is designated a terrorist group in Egypt . They are on trial , charged with spreading false news and belonging to a terrorist organization , which Al Jazeera strongly denies . The case has been widely condemned internationally as an attack on free speech . Their trial will resume on March 31 .	In a letter , Egypt 's interim President reassures Mohamed Fahmy 's family The jailed Al Jazeera journalist has MRI , CT scans of his injured shoulder at a civilian hospital Fahmy , Baher Mohamed , Peter Greste accused of spreading false news , having terrorist ties Their trial is set to resume on March 31
EW.com  -- If you loved "  21 Jump Street , " you 're in luck : The sequel , "  22 Jump Street , " is the exact same movie . Since the first film was such a fast and fizzy buddy-cop bromance , that 's not the worst news in the world . But it is a bit of a disappointment . Reprising their Mutt-and-Jeff routine , Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum play undercover narcs Schmidt and Jenko , who are assigned to go back to school and pose as students to sniff out a drug ring . Sound familiar ? Only this time , instead of high school , they 're dumped on a college campus , and the drug is a deadly synthetic mix of Ecstasy and Adderall called WHYPHY . " Do the same thing as last time and everyone will be happy , " their pencil-pushing supervisor  Nick Offerman  tells the fellas at the outset . And that 's precisely what they do , beat for beat , for the next two hours . To cover up the script 's lack of originality , screenwriters Michael Bacall , Oren Uziel , and Rodney Rothman pummel us with a string of self-aware meta-commentary jokes that poke fun at bloated sequels . It 's as if they 're trying to beat viewers to the realization that we 're being peddled sloppy seconds . But just because the writers repeatedly elbow the audience in the ribs about how cynical sequels are does n't make their approach any less cynical . It 's a good thing , then , that Hill and Tatum continue to have such great chemistry . Hill 's neurotic-motormouth act and Tatum 's lovable-lunkhead shtick still shoot giddy sparks . After kicking off with a ridiculously over-the-top action-flick sequence , the guys show up at their swanky new HQ in an old Vietnamese church across the street from their previous digs  hence the new address in the title  . Their barking captain , played with hard-a ** menace by Ice Cube , informs them that he 's enrolling them at MC State , where they 'll pretend to be the most genetically mismatched siblings since Danny DeVito and Arnold Schwarzenegger in "  Twins . " Adding some supporting-cast spice are comedians Kenny and Keith Lucas as a pair of narcoleptically chill identical twins who live across the hall and Jillian Bell as a sarcastic grump who spews acid insults about how old Schmidt and Jenko look . One of the unexpected treats of the first film was the positioning of the Abercrombie-sculpted Tatum as the unpopular loser and the brainy sack of mashed potatoes Hill as the BMOC . Here , the roles are reversed : Tatum bros down with some football-stud frat boys , while Hill is shunned and forced to hang with an emo crowd that includes a beautiful coed  Amber Stevens  he meets when he does a bonkers poetry-slam number that earns him the  untimely  nickname Maya Angelou  see sidebar  . The spoken-word bit culminates in one of the film 's best moments : a walk-of-shame gag in which Hill exchanges embarrassed glances with female classmates making the morning-after walk across the quad . The movie could 've used more cracked scenes like that one . Instead , "  22 Jump Street " lazily milks the undercover brothers ' codependency for gay-panic punchlines  enough already  . They bicker . They break up . They go their separate ways .  Cue John Waite 's " Missing You . "  Tatum then finds a new target for his homoerotic double entendres in the alpha-male quarterback Zook , played by Wyatt  son of Kurt  Russell . As the tired investigation spins its wheels to a spring-break climax in Mexico , the movie nearly morphs into a slack installment in the "  Bad Boys " franchise , complete with shootouts , chases , and even a fiery helicopter explosion . On the plus side , it also gives us more of Bell 's delirious deadpan misanthropy . I do n't want to give the impression that I did n't laugh at times . I did â $ " especially during the film 's inspired end-credits tease of future Jump Street installments . But I 've come to expect more from directors Phil Lord and Christopher Miller , who have been on a roll with the cult TV series "  Clone High , " the first "  Jump Street , " and most recently "  The LEGO Movie . " The merry-prankster duo have a real knack for cheeky pop culture mischief and placing clever new spins on shopworn properties . I get that with sequels , moviegoers are , to some extent , asking to see more of the same . But does the same have to feel quite so samey ? Grade : B - See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Channing Tatum and Jonah Hill revive their roles The film is very similar to "  21 Jump Street " The similarities is a running joke in the movie
CNN  -- Your tax dollars that fund Medicare may be going toward excessive amounts of name-brand drugs when cheaper generics could be prescribed instead , a new report suggests . A small portion of doctors nationwide is costing American taxpayers big time because of their tendency to prescribe name-brand medications through Medicare even when generics are available , according to an analysis by ProPublica , a nonprofit organization producing "  investigative journalism in the public interest . " The biggest offenders are 913 practitioners who , thanks to disproportionately prescribing name-brand drugs , cost taxpayers an extra $ 300 million in 2011 , say ProPublica 's Charles Ornstein , Tracy Weber and Jennifer LaFleur . Each of these doctors wrote at least 5,000 prescriptions that year , according to the report . Many of these doctors also had financial ties to the companies that manufacture the drugs they prescribed , ProPublica reports , and have accepted thousands of dollars from drug companies in the form of promotional or consulting fees . Although Medicare 's drug program has been considered an achievement in government health care , "  this seeming fiscal success has hidden billions of dollars lost to unnecessarily expensive prescribing over the program 's eight-year history , " the report said . The detriments of Part D Part of the wasted money results from well-intended aspects of Medicare . A provision called Part D , which has given individuals with low incomes access to cheap medications , has at the same time enabled doctors to prescribe name-brand drugs without complaint from low-income patients , ProPublica said . Regardless of the medication 's cost , Part D allows patients to pay less than $ 7 per prescription if they have low incomes . The lack of incentives for cheaper drugs for low-income patients is an important point raised by the report , said Jonathan Gruber , an MIT economics professor who was not involved in the study . Insurance companies can use financial incentives to sway participants who are not impoverished toward generic coverage , Gruber said , which has generally prompted a shift toward lower-cost generic coverage . But low-income populations are covered by the subsidy , which caps what they pay for prescriptions anyway , so there are n't financial incentives for the use of generics . "  Medicare needs to find a different way to monitor prescribing patterns and lower costs for this population , " Gruber said in an e-mail . Part D cost taxpayers $ 62 billion last year , and more than a third of that went toward this low-income subsidy , ProPublica reported . More than 11 million people receive the subsidy . The ProPublica piece pointed to an analysis from the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission , or MedPAC , which reports to Congress on Medicare , showing that Medicare could save $ 1.3 billion a year in seven drug categories if generics were prescribed to low-income patients and other Medicare enrollees in the same proportion . The savings might be even more , to the tune of $ 44 billion in a decade , according to the Washington think tank Bipartisan Policy Center . Medicare pays for one in four prescriptions in the United States , ProPublica said , but it does not limit the name-brand drugs that physicians can prescribe . Who are the doctors prescribing so many name-brand medications ? ProPublica found some patterns in ethnic neighborhoods and areas around large cities . For instance , a stretch of Koreatown in Los Angeles has seven of the doctors with high rates of name-brand prescribing , and a building in Brooklyn with six such doctors is in a Russian community . The "  average cost of a Part D prescription in these enclaves can be more than 50 percent higher than that of surrounding areas , " ProPublica said . A challenge for the medical community The report 's findings about money wasted on brand-name drugs are n't too surprising , said Dr. Tara Bishop , assistant professor of public health and medicine at Weill Cornell Medical College in New York . "  I think that there 's a lot of marketing and misconceptions about how good is the newest , latest drug for which there 's not a generic alternative , " said Bishop , who was not involved with the ProPublica report . There are few instances where brand-name drugs are superior to their generic alternative , Bishop said . She could not think of a specific example . "  By and large , if there is a generic , it should be prescribed , " she said . There are some efforts already in place toward addressing the problem . For instance , the way Bishop 's electronic health records are set up , when she enters a medication into her system , a generic gets automatically prescribed if one is available . She also noted that sometimes pharmacies will give patients the generic version of a drug even if the brand name has been prescribed unless the physician has specified otherwise . There are also drugs that have no generic equivalent , Bishop noted . But for those that do have generic alternatives , marketing efforts are generally stronger for the brand-name versions . "  Many of us who practice medicine and know about the issues of rising health care costs , know that we spend a lot on brand-name medications when we do n't necessarily need to , " she said . "  This is an interesting study because it quantifies it with a very small group of doctors . " Variations in prescriptions for brand-name drugs have been on the radar of many insurance companies and health care researchers , Bishop said . They should look at the issues presented in the ProPublica report to help control rising health care costs , she said . Why some doctors continue prescribing brand-name versions of drugs that have generic equivalents is an important question , she said . "  That 's a question that the medical community has to come to terms with , " she said . "  Are we not being good stewards of the resources that are available by prescribing things that could have cheaper , as effective alternatives ? "	ProPublica report : Hundreds of millions of dollars wasted on name-brand drugs Taxpayers paid $ 300 million extra in 2011 thanks to 913 practitioners , report says Medicare Part D has no incentive for low-income patients to demand generics , professor says
CNN  -- Taryn Davis is helping young military widows find the emotional support they need . Davis was just 21 years old when her husband , an Army corporal , was killed in Iraq . Four months after his death , she created the American Widow Project . The nonprofit has connected more than 900 young military widows through the Internet and weekend retreats since 2007 . CNN asked Davis for her thoughts on being chosen as one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 . CNN : Where were you when you got the call that you 'd been selected as a top 10 CNN Hero ? Taryn Davis : I was getting everything ready for an American Widow Project retreat in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina . Widows were arriving as I was on the phone . Words truly can not describe what this means to me , my fellow widows , our husbands and all the healing and camaraderie that will come from this amazing platform and honor . The  Hero  title , though , should be Heroes , as it is a title that encompasses not only my life , love and dedication , but that of every widow that is a part of the American Widow Project and each of the heroes whose lives and legacies they carry on . CNN : What do you hope this recognition will mean to the American Widow Project ? Davis : This means that more widows will know they are not alone . It may seem like a simple statement , but more than 3,000 widows had their lives changed with two men at their door . After they get that news , the real struggles start . And that 's where the American Widow Project comes in . CNN : How will you use the $ 50,000 award that you receive for being selected as a top 10 CNN Hero ? Davis : It will be an integral part in helping facilitate the daily running of the American Widow Project , but most importantly it will go toward our events for the widows throughout the country . We cover all costs for their time with us , so the only thing they need to worry about is healing and connecting with their fellow widows . With nine to 10 events held nationally throughout the year -- with hopes to do more -- these are a major aspect of the organization and connecting this generation 's widows . This money will truly go toward not only saving lives , but the legacies of our nation 's heroes . CNN : What do you want people to know most about your work ? Davis : The wounds from those affected by these conflicts , many can be seen with the naked eye . For this generation 's military widows and widowers , their wounds ca n't be seen  even  though they are some of the most severe . It is due to that fact that most of those suffering from the most major of losses do n't receive the support and compassion they so deeply deserve . The work the American Widow Project does recognizes their sacrifice , survival and perseverance and allows them to find healing in a title they never thought they 'd hold . Read the full story on CNN Hero Taryn Davis : Connecting a new generation of military widows	Taryn Davis was named one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 Her nonprofit provides a network of support to young military widows Davis : This recognition will help more widows know they are not alone
CNN  -- To ask what impact Bill Gates has had on computing is , in a way , too small a question . For millions of people in the nearly four decades since he co-founded Microsoft , Gates has defined the entire field . Whether browsing the Web on Internet Explorer on a PC running Windows or working up a PowerPoint presentation with Microsoft Office before taking a break to game on the Xbox , there are many among us whose entire digital experience have been filtered through products Gates helped create . On Tuesday , Gates took what may be his final step away from leadership of Microsoft . With the announcement that Satya Nadella , a 22-year veteran of the company , will take over as CEO , the company also said Gates is stepping down as chairman of its board of directors . Gates co-founded the company with Paul Allen in 1975 but stepped down as CEO in 2000 . He then spent eight years as Microsoft 's chairman before stepping away from full-time work there in 2008 to focus on his charitable work through the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation . Rather than exiting the stage at the world 's largest computer software company , Gates may actually be getting more active . He 'll take on a new role as an adviser to Nadella , putting him back on Microsoft 's Redmond , Washington , campus more often . It will also put him nearer to the heart of innovation the company will need to keep up with rivals like Apple and Google at the top of the consumer-tech industry . If he succeeds in helping Microsoft get back its swagger , particularly in a fast-growing mobile world dominated by Apple and Google and in the increasingly important field of cloud computing , it would be a final contribution to a career that has virtually defined an industry . "  Bill Gates is one of the pioneering giants of the information age , " said Merv Adrian , a software and hardware analyst at Gartner Research . "  Driven by the belief in a computer in every home , on every desktop , he helped to build one of the largest firms in the world to achieve that goal -- and arguably succeeded . " For starters , Microsoft was the world 's first real software company . Although there are hours of bare-knuckle geek brawling to be done over whether Gates and Microsoft or rival Steve Jobs and Apple were the true innovators on early computer interfaces , there 's no question as to who succeeded in making software for the masses . The result was something approximating that computer-on-every-desk dream . By making software a money-maker for itself and third-party developers , Microsoft helped retailers sell computers for less , making them accessible to more of the public . Whether it was MS-DOS for early IBM machines or the more seismic release of Windows in 1985 , Gates was behind them all . Despite his reputation as an aggressive -- some would say predatory -- businessman , he has never been confused with a numbers guy who leaves the real work up to subordinates . Gates wrote his first computer program , a tic-tac-toe game , at age 14 and formed his first company , again with Allen , at 17 . In Microsoft 's early years , he wrote every line of code for the company 's software while managing its business side . In that way , he set himself apart from rival Steve Jobs , who had a brilliant sense of design but was never much of a software engineer . Gates ' exacting product reviews were legendary within Microsoft , a fact that observers say puts him in a select fraternity of two in the computer world . "  The more time Bill spends on product development , the better , " Geoffrey Moore , author of the technology marketing book "  Crossing the Chasm , " told the San Francisco Chronicle . "  He and Steve Jobs seem very different on the outside , but at their core , they were very similar . They both see things that others do n't see , and they 're both very demanding . " As the years went on , Microsoft products continued to become more ubiquitous -- so much so that the company 's seeming stranglehold on the computing world led to monopoly claims and antitrust lawsuits in the late '90s and early 2000s . Despite Apple 's inroads , Windows continues to have more than 1.3 billion active users worldwide . PowerPoint , part of the massively popular Microsoft Office suite of productivity tools , has joined the likes of Kleenex , Xerox and Coke in the pantheon of brand names used synonymously with an entire category of products . Many PC users have probably never created a document without Microsoft Word , and number-crunchers everywhere would be lost without Excel 's spreadsheets . Microsoft 's Hotmail , despite becoming seen as unfashionable by younger users , remained the world 's most popular free e-mail service until 2012 , when it was passed by Gmail before Microsoft merged it with Outlook . And of course there 's the Xbox , which became one of the gaming industry 's "  Big Three " consoles , along with Nintendo 's Wii and Sony 's PlayStation , upon its release in 2001 . Thirteen years later , the new Xbox One continues to do battle with the PlayStation 4 for the hearts and wallets of gamers . All were delivered under the guidance of Gates . "  The pervasiveness of information technology was by no means clear when he began driving to it , " Adrian said . "  And today it is a fact of life , embedded into everyone 's life to a degree that only science-fiction writers imagined when he was building his first software . " Will Gates ' new role mean a batch of new products that we 'll still be talking about 10 or 20 years from now ? That may be a stretch . But in a video message posted online Tuesday , Gates said he 'll be "  substantially increasing " the time he spends at Microsoft . And he sounds up to the challenge . "  Microsoft has a long history of innovation , going back to the beginning , where the vision of the personal computer was something that Microsoft helped bring to life , " he said . "  Our vision of the platform ... really initiated the entire software industry . "  As the industry changes , we have to innovate to move forward , " he said . "  It 'll be fun to define this next round of products working together . "	Bill Gates is stepping down as chairman of Microsoft 's board But he 'll actually be there more as an adviser to new CEO Under Gates , Microsoft has defined the computing world Gates ' company has defined desktop and workplace computing
CNN  -- After months of bomb threats at the University of Pittsburgh , an anonymous group that calls itself the Threateners has claimed responsibility for the most recent e-mail threats and announced to the school 's student-run newspaper that it will stop sending them . Michael Macagnone , whose term as editor-in-chief of The Pitt News ended Sunday , said the paper received an anonymous e-mail Friday claiming that the bomb threats plaguing the school since February 13 would end if university officials revoked a $ 50,000 reward for anyone who came forward with information that led to an arrest . The paper received a second e-mail Saturday , after university officials revoked the reward , saying there would be no more threats , Macagnone said . The university has received more than 140 threats since February , according to spokesman Robert Hill . The threats have not yielded any explosives , but the majority of them have resulted in evacuations of dorms , libraries and other campus buildings . Hill confirmed that the university had withdrawn the reward but would not comment on why it did so . The author of the anonymous e-mail to The Pitt News said that the Threateners began sending the bomb threats March 30 because the university issued a reward for "  some young kid who 'd pranked the university , " Macagnone said . The group said it was not responsible for threats before that date and also said it was not affiliated with anyone who had been "  publically identified as suspects . " Macagnone said he handed the first anonymous e-mail over to police Friday . The paper published a report on the e-mail Saturday , after a 24-hour period without any threats , which the anonymous author promised in the first e-mail . "  We started thinking the e-mail was a little bit more authentic when it accurately predicted that gap , " Macagnone said . Since the second e-mail promising an end to the threats , no more have been reported through the school 's emergency alert system . Despite the lull , university officials are restricting final exams , scheduled to start this week , to five campus buildings . All of them will be swept for explosives at the beginning of each exam day . According to a letter posted on the university 's website by Senior Vice Chancellor Patricia Beeson , any buildings that receive bomb threats will be checked for explosives but evacuated only if law enforcement officials deem it necessary . "  These arrangements reflect the expert advice we have received from law enforcement professionals , the experience we have gained over the past several weeks , and the special circumstances associated with finals week , " the letter says . The Justice Department said in a statement April 11 that investigators were making "  significant progress . " U.S. Attorney David J. Hickton said they were focused on "  potential suspects . " Investigators have remained mum on any potential leads . An FBI spokesman declined to comment on the investigation , and a Justice Department spokeswoman did not return calls for comment . Katherine Anne McCloskey , 55 , and Seamus Johnston , 22 , of Cambria County , Pennsylvania , had been subpoenaed in connection with the investigation . The pair testified before a grand jury April 17 , according to Johnston . Johnston said FBI officials returned to the couple 's apartment the following day and seized their computers , cell phones and other files . "  I feel very violated , " said Johnston , who denies any connection to the bomb threats at Pitt . Johnston , who is transgendered , is filing a lawsuit against the university alleging discriminatory treatment after being charged with trespass , indecent exposure and disorderly conduct after using the men 's locker room for a weight-training class during his junior year , he said . He said he has since been expelled . "  I feel that we 're being investigated solely because I have a lawsuit pending against the university , " Johnston said . The FBI also seized a server from the New York headquarters of Internet service provider May First/People Link on Wednesday , according to a statement from the company . The server was operated by the European Counter Network , a provider that runs an anonymous remailer service , allowing people to send e-mails completely anonymously , according to the statement released by May First/People Link Director Jamie McClelland . McClelland added that the server was seized in accordance with a search warrant issued by the FBI the previous week requesting all of the information , including IP address , in connection to bomb threat e-mail messages relayed through their servers .	University has received 140 bomb threats since February Anonymous group says it began sending threats March 30 Group tells student paper that it will stop sending threats University is confining final exams to five buildings
EW.com  -- Okay -- 35 million votes later and it is ovahhhhhh ! After a two-hour "  grand finale " packed with mostly clear cellophane  plus performances by Pitbull and One Direction  , "  The X Factor " has a season 2 champ ! Was it Fifth Harmony , Tate Stevens , or Carly Rose Sonenclar who won the $ 5 million recording contract and free Pepsi injections for life ? TATE STEVENS ! The 37-year-old country man from Missouri has pulled it off ! He 's had a strong season of honest , consistent performances . Tate thanked the man upstairs  Santa ? Is he real ?  first and foremost , and then country music fans for helping him achieve his dream of quitting his day job . "  You know what ? Congrats to you , " Tate 's mentor L.A. Reid told Tate , a man he had never seen before in his life . This was a well-deserved win . I still do n't find Tate that spectacular , but let 's be honest -- it 's hard to seem glamorous when you 're sharing the stage with break-dancing toy soldiers and big-ass sculptures of reindeer .  "  The X Factor " is so bad at most things , but in the cat-uh-gry of "  going all out for Christmas , " it is a true five-million-dollar winner . That is also how much they spent on sets tonight . Indeed , the three final acts got to indulge in some severe HOLIDAY BLOWOUT performances that were tons of fun while also being entirely 1-800-TOO-MUCH . For "  Please Come Home For Christmas , " Tate maneuvered his way around four sparkly , human-sized breast cancer awareness ribbons wearing angel wings , not to mention those deer sculptures . Twas a vision ! At one point during the epic season-long glare-off between the judges and the hosts , Simon coyly refused to reveal the dirty little metaphor he 'd just come up with in his head , and Mario Lopez delivered what will surely be the greatest non sequitur of his life : "  I wan na know what a dog laying an egg sounds like , but that 's for another day . " Huh . You guys ready for some crazy hats ?! EW : See all ' X Factor ' recaps Fifth Harmony -- excuse me , # 5HSantasHelpers -- took on a classic Christmas song as well , but what 's important here is their fastidiously chosen headwear . The wardrobe department  or possibly Camila , who will one day rule us all  decided to make Camilla 's GIANT HAIR BOWS her "  signature thing , " so all the others got to wear weird things too so as not to feel left out . I 'll rank them in order of my preference : 1 . That bow , duh . 2  Normani 's white mink hat and matching shrug , 3  Lauren 's fascinator with tons of netting , 4  Ally 's parasol , and 5  Dinah Janes miserable "  a red bird just died in this show " top hat . All were remarkable in their own ways , though , just like the members of Fifth Harmony ! Awww . I wanted them to win . They 'll at least get to make a record . Carly actually disappointed with her cover of "  All I Want for Christmas Is You , " suggesting maybe she ca n't really handle upbeat tunes , performance-wise . She looked frazzled and lost onstage , vying for attention with the breakdancing toy soldiers and BILLIONS OF FALLING PRESENTS in the giant screens behind her . I 've never heard her voice waver like that . Weird ! I also spent most of this wacky performance trying to figure out if Carly was wearing footed pajamas or boots . Few things infuriate me more than matching boots and pants . The whole point of wearing boots is that they should be set apart and admired by all ! One Direction dropped by to perform their ritual duty of reminding everyone they were once associated with "  The X Factor . " Throughout "  Mr. Worldwide "  ugh enough with that  Pitbull 's performance of "  Do n't Stop the Party " and then , randomly , "  Take On Me , " I began to involuntarily un-focus my eyes . It turns out that when viewed as a Magic Eye poster , Pitbull and those 25 backup Slinkys of his looked like Howie Mandel and his Deal or No Deal human props . Once I imagined it , I could not stop seeing it ! Also , I had to just Google the title of Howie Mandel 's former game show and it took an embarrassing amount of time . Like , double-digit seconds . The worst . What else ? That red carpet abomination at the top of the show was laughably awful , but at least it was quick . We saw Simon as a Grinch  his face looks better in neon green  , an invigorating clip show of Simon 's long-running lifeless tiff with Demi Lovato , and Britney looking horrified in the corner of the screen during a montage of her other horrified faces . My favorite filler segment , of course , was the mashup of everyone 's favorite sugarplum fairy L.A. Reid 's incredible seated dance moves . "  I 'll tell you what -- you were like a conductor ! " Mario marveled after reliving some of L.A. 's sweet moves . "  I am a conductor , " L.A. reminded him . No sense of humor . Ever . "  Literally and figuratively , right there ! " continued Mario with some of his most impressive vocabulary to date . I 'm glad they got all of that settled . Ate up a solid two minutes . That 's pretty much it ! Are you happy with the winner ? Were you surprised it was n't Carly ? Which of Khlomeister 's costumes was your  least  fave : Green lace gift pouch , inexplicable black wetsuit , or pink and gold Christmas ribbon ? Discuss ! See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Tate Stevens beat out Fifth Harmony and Carly Rose Sonenclar to win ' X Factor ' His prize includes a $ 5 million recording contract Boy band One Direction dropped by to perform
Mashable  -- Starting July 1 , Starbucks will offer free Wi-Fi nationwide , with no registration or account required . Even better , Wi-Fi will not be time limited . Starbucks joins an increasing list of brands and chains to offer free Wi-Fi in its stores . For example , last December , McDonald 's rolled out free Wi-Fi to nearly all of its restaurants across the country . Panera Bread also offers a similar program . McDonald 's and Starbucks both have partnerships with AT&T , which , while often criticized for the quality of its wireless data network , is one of the largest Wi-Fi hotspot providers in the United States . Starbucks was one of the first chains to offer Wi-Fi access to its patrons , first via an agreement with T-Mobile and then with AT&T . Starbucks visitors have been able to enjoy up to two hours of free Wi-Fi from their favorite coffee house , provided they are either an AT&T customer or they use a Starbucks Card to login . The new program will do away with any sort of registration , which will make those of us who always forget either our AT&T account information or ca n't find our Starbucks cards extremely happy . In addition to the new free Wi-Fi program , Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz told Wired 's Chris Anderson that the company is also planning on rolling out a new Starbucks Digital Network in partnership with Yahoo later this fall . This network , which will only be accessible in U.S. company-operated stores , will offer customers free and unrestricted access to paid sites and services like WSJ.com and other content providers on their phones , tablets or laptops . Bringing the Starbucks Experience Online We spoke with Stephen Gillett , CIO , EVP and GM of Digital Ventures at Starbucks about the new plan for free Wi-Fi and the Starbucks Digital Network . According to Gillett , the goal is to bring the overall Starbucks in-store experience online . The first step is in providing an overall better online experience . This is where one-click logon comes into play , as well as the ability to connect with your device , be it a laptop or phone or iPad . The second part is the branded Starbucks online experience . Rather than just trying to create an aggregated portal of sources , Starbucks will be bringing quality content that is usually behind a pay wall to customers to access for free while in Starbucks stores . Different categories , like business news , lifestyle , music , entertainment , etc. will provide access to different content . This means that you can visit the Wall Street Journal uninhibited , as well as Zagat and also get local content from services like Foursquare pulled into your default Starbucks page . Furthermore , stuff like the Starbucks "  Pick of the Week " iTunes promotion can now be integrated online , meaning that you can download the free weekly track from your iPhone or iPad or laptop , instead of having to use the cards with the redeem codes . The physical cards will still be available but for connected visitors , this is an easier way to access free content . The opportunity for premium service providers is that by offering free content to users while they are at Starbucks , they are potentially gaining new customers . A user might find they really enjoy some of the pay Wall Street Journal content and look at subscribing at home , for example . More and more providers will be announced as the launch date gets closer and Starbucks is committed to finding the best pay wall content it can bring to its audience . What do you think of Starbucks new free Wi-Fi plan and the content deals ? Let us know in the comments . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Starbucks joins an increasing list of brands and chains to offer free Wi-Fi in its stores Starbucks will bring quality content that is usually behind a pay wall to customers By offering content to users at Starbucks , service providers might gain new customers
CNN  -- As you might expect from a city that has districts called Little Havana and Little Haiti , there 's no shortage of hearty Cuban and Caribbean cuisine in Miami , but the city 's elaborate mix of immigrants has also resulted in some fascinating culinary fusions . The real deal : Cafe Cubano at Versailles . "  Floribbean " cooking mixes elements of traditional Caribbean cookery with modern techniques and an emphasis on fresh produce , while the style known as "  Nuevo Latino " revisits classic recipes from all over Latin America , using choicer cuts of meats , healthier ingredients and an added an North American sensibility . There 's nothing "  nuevo " about Versailles Restaurant  3555 SW . Eighth Street  , which , in spite of the French allusions of its name , serves reassuringly traditional Cuban dishes . This Little Havana institution specializes in cheap hearty staples like "  moros "  black beans and rice  and "  vaca frita "  shredded fried beef with a garlic seasoning  , but the real draw is people-watching in the heart of the Cuban exile community , as the émigrés reminisce about the old country . The Versailles bakery next door does great empanadas , fruit juices and Cuban coffee , which is an entirely different beast from the regular American filter variety . Café cubano , or "  cafecito , " is like a sweet espresso and is served in tiny , potent shots . Add a splash of steamed milk to get a delicious "  cortadito . " Outside Little Havana , David 's Café  1058 Collins Avenue  in South Beach knows how to whip up a mean "  café con leche . " As with so many things in Miami , when it comes to fine dining , South Beach is the place to be . If you like to eat in the company of the glitterati and you 've got the bank balance to back you up , take your meat-loving self to Prime One Twelve  112 Ocean Drive  . It may be just a steakhouse , but this is the kind of steakhouse favored by A-list celebs . A filet mignon will set you back $ 52 , and you 'll love all 12 juicy ounces of it , while a dessert of fried Oreos is diet-wreckingly good . Do you agree with our Miami picks ? Or have we missed out your favorite spot ? Tell us in the sound-off box beow . Elsewhere in South Beach , Lincoln Road is home to some very chic eateries , many of which get away with charging ridiculous prices for very ordinary fare . Fortunately , there 's Sushi Samba Dromo  600 Lincoln Rd  , with its seafood-based fusion of Japanese , Brazilian and Peruvian cuisine . Think sashimi flavored with exotic fruits and you 'll be on the right track . Kind of ... For sushi of the more traditional kind , try Nobu at the Shores Club hotel  1901 Collins Ave , Miami Beach  , which also does excellent tempura and teriyaki . Joe 's Stone Crab  11 Washington Ave  is another South Beach favorite . Joe 's does n't take reservations and there are huge queues for its legendary crab , but if you 've got better things to do than queue for two hours for your supper , you can always grab a takeout from the counter next door . If you want to impress that special someone , there 's nowhere better than Casa Tua  1700 James Avenue  . This secluded , romantic hideaway has superb Italian food and is suitably expensive . Vegetarians are well catered for at the Lost and Found Saloon  185 NW 36th Street  in the Wynwood neighborhood , a relaxed but stylish option for breakfast , lunch and dinner . Gourmet Carrot  959 West Avenue , Miami Beach  is another good spot for veggies , or anyone with a hankering for a deliciously healthy smoothie . ... . Miami City Guide : Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop	Versailles Restaurant is a bastion of authentic Cuban cuisine in Little Havana Miami is the place for a Cafe Cubano -- a sticky sweet shot of espresso Celebs flock to Prime One Twelve to devour succulent slabs of steak Lost and Found Saloon is a great spot for a veggie breakfast -- or lunch
Dr. Kent Brantly walked around the room at Emory University Hospital on Thursday , hugging staff members and shaking hands . It was like he wanted everyone to know : I 'm no longer infectious . The virus is out of my system . Ebola did n't beat me . Brantly and Nancy Writebol , another American missionary infected with Ebola in Liberia , have been discharged from the hospital . Writebol was released Tuesday and is choosing not to make public comments , according to the hospital . "  Today is a miraculous day , " Brantly said at a news conference Thursday . "  I am thrilled to be alive , to be well and to be reunited with my family . " What happens when you survive Ebola ? Emory 's staff is confident that the American patients ' discharges pose "  no public health threat , " said Dr. Bruce Ribner , director of Emory 's Infectious Disease Unit . He said the reason the public was not made aware of Writebol 's release immediately was that she requested her discharge not be publicly announced . "  Nancy is free of the virus , but the lingering effects of the battle have left her in a significantly weakened condition , " her husband , David Writebol , said in a statement . "  Thus , we decided it would be best to leave the hospital privately to be able to give her the rest and recuperation she needs at this time . " But Brantly passed along gratitude from the woman with whom he has shared a harrowing journey . Both patients were evacuated from Liberia this month , in a plane specially equipped with an isolation tent , and accompanied by medical staff outfitted in head-to-foot protective clothing . The plane was able to take only one patient at a time and made two trips . The patients were taken to an isolation unit at Emory , where they 'd been treated for the last few weeks . As she walked out of her isolation room Tuesday , Brantly recalls Writebol saying , "  To God be the glory . " "  We are tremendously pleased with Dr. Brantly and Mrs. Writebol 's recovery , " Ribner said at the news conference . "  What we learned in caring for them will help advance the world 's understanding of how to treat Ebola infections and help , hopefully , to improve survival " in other parts of the world . "  There may be some recovery time because this is a fairly devastating disease , " but in general , Ebola patients who survive without organ damage are expected to "  make a complete recovery , " he said . Brantly and Writebol 's releases are historic , says CNN chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta . They were the first humans with Ebola to ever arrive in the United States . And they were the first humans to receive an experimental Ebola drug called ZMapp , which may have saved their lives . Treating Ebola There is no known cure for Ebola , no proven treatment and no vaccine . Treatment consists of giving fluids , monitoring vital signs and responding to acute medical crises . Symptoms include fever , aches , diarrhea and bleeding . Left untreated , infections can be deadly in up to 90 % of cases . But around half the patients receiving medical care in the current outbreak in Liberia , Sierra Leone , Nigeria and Guinea are surviving . The Ebola virus spreads via direct contact with bodily fluids , like blood , sweat and feces . For Ebola patients to leave isolation , Ribner said , two blood tests done in a two-day period must come back negative . There is a slight possibility that the virus could linger for up to three months in vaginal fluid and semen , according to the World Health Organization . Ribner said that there is no evidence Ebola has ever been transmitted in this way but that the risk was discussed with both patients . Asked about the role the experimental drug may have played in their recoveries , Ribner said doctors "  do not know whether it helped them , whether it made no difference " or whether it might have delayed their recovery . ZMapp was also given to three health care workers -- two doctors and one nurse -- in Liberia . The nurse and one of the doctors have shown "  a marked improvement , " according to the World Health Organization . The condition of the second doctor is "  serious but has improved somewhat . " More human cases must be analyzed to determine whether the drug is having a significant effect or if it will help others in the region . But "  according to the manufacturer , the very limited supplies of this experimental medicine are now exhausted , " the WHO said in a statement Thursday . Are they now immune to Ebola ? A deadly outbreak More than 1,350 people have died in the West African Ebola outbreak since the first cases drew attention in March , the WHO said Wednesday . Aid workers are fighting an uphill battle to stop the disease as it continues to spread . Financial and human resources have been stretched . An emergency research "  all call " was issued Thursday by medical charity Wellcome Trust and the United Kingdom 's Department for International Development to find a drug to stop the outbreak . They are making $ 10.8 million available to fund research . Wellcome Trust is committing another $ 66.5 million to the development of health research scientists in Africa , who are studying many deadly diseases there . Canada 's public health agency had 800 to 1,000 doses of a vaccine known as VSV-EBOV delivered to health officials in Liberia last week . It 's unclear if anyone has been given the vaccine . But there has been a glimmer of hope : The World Health Organization has seen "  encouraging signs " from Nigeria and Guinea that positive action can rein in the deadly disease . The situation in Lagos , Nigeria , where the country 's first case was detected in July , "  looks reassuring , " the WHO said . "  At present , the city 's 12 confirmed cases are all part of a single chain of transmission . Those infected by the initial case include medical staff involved in his treatment , a patient in the same hospital , and a protocol officer in very close contact with the patient , " the organization said . One of those 12 has made a full recovery , the WHO said , which "  counters the widespread perception that infection with the Ebola virus is invariably a death sentence . " Evidence suggests early detection and therapy can help people survive , it said . Are myths making the Ebola outbreak worse ?	Dr. Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol have been discharged from an Atlanta hospital Doctors do n't know whether an experimental serum and a blood transfusion helped Both contracted the deadly Ebola virus in Liberia Brantly and Writebol are the first known Ebola patients to recover in the U.S.
CNN  -- A California golf coach honored "  for developing a wealth of exciting and educational golf programs to juniors " appears in court Wednesday on charges of molesting young students . Livermore , California , police arrested Andy Nisbet last month , a day before he was to receive Northern California PGA 's 2013 Junior Golf Leader Award , according to a police statement . Nisbet , 31 , allegedly "  sexually assaulted multiple male children between the ages of 12 and 17 years old " while working as the PGA golf pro coaching children at the Las Positas Golf Course in Livermore , a police statement said . "  The investigation so far has revealed that the sexual abuse occurred in Livermore between 2009 and 2012 . " The Northern California PGA announced last October that on December 8 it would honor Nisbet : "  PGA Professional Andy Nisbet of Las Positas Golf Course/GRIP Junior Golf Academy in Livermore , Calif. , the 2013 Junior Golf Leader Award for developing a wealth of exciting and educational golf programs to juniors . " "  Nisbet was a highly regarded Junior Golf Coach who coached many children in junior golf tournaments throughout the State of California , as well as nationally , " the police statement said . "  LPD detectives discovered that Nisbet coached children in Michigan , North Carolina , Mississippi , and Alabama . " He began working at the Livermore course in 2006 , it said . Detectives arrested Nisbet , a Livermore resident , on 65 counts on December 7 , according to the police statement . The charges included oral copulation by force , lewd and lascivious acts with a child , distribution or exhibition of lewd material to a minor and meeting with a minor for the purpose of engaging in lewd and lascivious behavior .	Nisbet was arrested a day before he was to receive a PGA award Police say he molested "  male children between the ages of 12 and 17 years old " "  Nisbet was a highly regarded Junior Golf Coach , " police said He faces 65 counts , including oral copulation by force
Manama , Bahrain  CNN  -- Bahrain 's king reshuffled his cabinet Saturday as protesters continued to call for reforms and a key opposition leader returned to the country . King Hamad replaced the ministers of housing , health , and cabinet affairs . He expanded the portfolio of the oil and gas minister to include electricity and water , and he appointed a new minister of labor . The king also announced that all government housing loans will be reduced by 25 % . Saturday 's announcement came after opposition leader Hassan Mushaimaa said he had returned to the islands nation , where he planned to join the tens of thousands of protesters camped out at the Pearl Roundabout in the heart of the capital . Mushaimaa , the leader of the Haq Movement , a major Shiite group , had planned to return earlier in the week to give a speech on the importance of national unity . His return was delayed by his detention in Lebanon , which he blamed on Bahrain 's rulers . Mushaimaa said after arriving in Bahrain that he was preparing a speech about the protesters ' demands for a new regime . Thousands of people have been demonstrating in Bahrain in recent days for political reforms and other concessions . Mushaimaa had earlier said he planned to join them . The anti-government rallies in Bahrain have occurred alongside similar protests in other regional states , but they have also unfolded amid major gestures by the kingdom . King Hamad on Tuesday touted a "  national dialogue " and urged Bahrainis "  to engage in this new process " and "  move away from polarization . " Mushaimaa said Saturday he does n't believe the king 's offer for dialogue . "  They are always lying -- they are promising to do something and they do n't do it , " he said about the monarchy . "  We talked about dialogue for a long time . Nobody listened , nobody heard us , " he said . "  They are just listening now because of the pressure . If the pressure will finish , they will not listen again . " Mushaimaa , who has been living abroad , had previously been detained by the government for campaigning for more democratic rights in the island monarchy . In September , Bahrain said it requested Interpol -- the world 's largest international police organization -- to help in arresting Mushaimaa , whom the government accused of a terrorist plot to destroy state buildings and of planning a coup . Monday , King Hamad ordered the release of a number of prisoners and closed cases against several Shiite leaders accused of plotting against the kingdom . That cleared the way for Mushaimaa to return to Bahrain from London , where he had been living in exile . Mushaimaa 's Haq Movement is more hard-line than the opposition Wefaq party , which includes 18 people in the 40-member parliament . Many members of his movement are opposed to the government monarchy .	The king replaced three cabinet ministers and made changes in two posts It follows the return of opposition leader Hassan Mushaimaa Protesters have been calling for political reforms and regime change
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama unveiled his administration 's blueprint for a new national network of high-speed passenger rail lines Thursday , saying such an investment is necessary to reduce traffic congestion , cut dependence on foreign oil and improve the environment . President Obama , with Vice President Joe Biden , called for clean efficient travel Thursday . The president 's plan identifies 10 potential high-speed intercity corridors for federal funding , including California , the Pacific Northwest , the Midwest , the Southeast , the Gulf Coast , Pennsylvania , Florida , New York and New England . It also highlights potential improvements in the heavily traveled Northeast Corridor running from Washington to Boston , Massachusetts . Each of the corridors identified by the president 's report are between 100 and 600 miles long . The blueprint envisions some trains traveling at top speeds of over 150 mph . Federal grants would also be directed toward separate individual rail projects that are deemed "  ready to go , " with preliminary engineering and environmental work already completed . Watch Obama talk about rail projects " "  My high-speed rail proposal will lead to innovations that change the way we travel in America . We must start developing clean , energy-efficient transportation that will define our regions for centuries to come , " Obama said at an event near the White House . The president cited the success of high-speed rail in European countries such as France and Spain as a positive example for the United States . His plan would be funded in part through the recently passed $ 787 billion stimulus plan , which includes a total of $ 8 billion for improvements in rail service . Obama has also proposed a separate five-year , $ 5 billion investment in high-speed rail as part of the administration 's suggested fiscal year 2010 budget . "  We 're going to make travel in this country leaner and a whole lot cleaner , " said Vice President Joe Biden , speaking before Obama . The president spoke one day after the governors of eight Midwestern states sent a letter to Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood requesting stimulus funds for the construction of a regional network of faster passenger rail lines . The city of Chicago , Illinois , would be the hub of the proposed Midwest Regional Rail System , which would stretch to Madison , Wisconsin , in the Northwest ; St. Louis , Missouri , in the South ; and Detroit , Michigan , in the East . During the 2008 presidential campaign , Obama pledged to support a national network of faster passenger trains . The administration has already dedicated $ 1.3 billion in federal funding for Amtrak . The money for the rail service , which carried almost 29 million passengers last year , will go primarily to infrastructure repair and improvement .	He says it 's needed to to unclog traffic , cut oil dependence , improve environment Proposal identifies 10 likely high-speed rail corridors for federal funding He cited success of high-speed rail in Europe as positive example for U.S. Funding would come from stimulus plan , five-year investment in high-speed rail
CNN  -- The diplomatic fallout over this week 's attack on Britain 's Embassy in Iran deepened Saturday as France temporarily reduced its embassy staff and Italy 's ambassador Iran was summoned home . A French Foreign Ministry spokesman said the reduction is for "  security reasons . " "  Some of their diplomatic staff and their families will leave Iran and return to France , " said the spokesman , who did not want to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media . He could n't say how many people are leaving , when they are departing and for how long . Italian Foreign Minister Giulio Terzi received Italy 's envoy to Tehran in Rome after he was recalled for consultations , said Italian Foreign Affairs spokesman Maurizio Massari . The ambassador , Alberto Bradanini , will not return to Tehran until Italy has received assurances on the protection of its diplomatic mission . "  There has been no decision to close the embassy , " Massari told CNN . "  We have received some assurances from the Iranian ambassador to Rome , but we would like to get more full guarantees of the security and protection of our diplomatic mission according to international law before sending our ambassador back to Tehran . " The spokesman went on to say that Italian officials are "  staying in close contact with our European partners and allies . " Meanwhile , 25 Iranian diplomats and embassy employees arrived in Tehran Saturday morning after Iran was ordered to close its embassy in London , according to the Islamic Republic News Agency , the country 's official news agency . The group was greeted by a crowd of university students at Tehran 's Mehrabad airport , the agency reported . Relations between the nations have been strained in recent days after the United Kingdom levied new sanctions against Iran . The sanctions were announced in late November and mandated that British credit and financial institutions end their business relationships and transactions with all Iranian banks , their branches and subsidiaries . The move came after an International Atomic Energy Agency report highlighted new concerns about Iran 's allege moves towards producing a nuclear weapon . The sanctions prompted protests in Iran and the attack on the British embassy in Tehran on Tuesday . British authorities responded on Wednesday , by closing Iran 's embassy in London and ordering Iranian diplomats to leave the country . One senior ayatollah said protesters "  must not act above the law . " IRNA quoted Ayatollah Naser Makarem-Shirazi as saying that "  sometimes some of our dear young people become emotional and do things that gives an excuse to to our enemies and we have to pay a great price . " He urged young people not to "  take any action without the permission of the Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei . " CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report .	NEW : Italian envoy in Rome for consultations NEW : Ayatollah says protesters "  must not act above the law " Some diplomats and their families are returning to France The Iranian diplomats were met at the airport by a crowd of students
CNN  -- A heavily glaciated region of the Himalayas is bucking the trend of global ice loss and showing small signs of increasing in mass , according to a new study . Data examining six regions in the Karakoram mountains in the western Himalayas , which contains 7,700 square miles  nearly 20,000 square kilometers  of glaciers , revealed more than half of them are either stable or have been advancing in recent years . French scientists observed the size and shape of ice covering 2,168 square miles  5,615 square kilometers  in central Karakoram using satellite data from the Shuttle Radar Topographic Mission  STRM  and the Satellite Pour l'Observation de la Terre  SPOT5  . Between 1999 and 2008 the glaciers gained , on average , the water equivalent of around 11 centimeters a year , according to the study published in the journal Nature Geoscience . Lead author , Julie Gardelle from University of Grenoble in France says explanations for this increase are still not clear , but might lie in the localized climate . "  Studies have already reported an increase in winter precipitation and a lowering of summer temperatures since the 1960s in low-altitude valleys of Karakoram , " Gardelle said . "  Given the wide extent of high mountain Asia , we can not expect the climate to be uniform over the whole range , so a peculiar atmospheric behavior over Karakoram may not be surprising , " she added . The study confirms an anomaly in the region which was put forward in 2005 and contrasts with the experience of the central and eastern Himalayas where most glaciers are shrinking , say researchers . That story is one which is being repeated globally , say the World Glacier Monitoring Service  WGMS  and has been since the end of the Little Ice Age around 150 years ago . WGMS estimate that since 1980 the cumulative average thickness loss of monitored glaciers across the world has been 11.3 meters . Despite the overall picture of retreat , there are instances where glaciers are able to re-advance and Karakoram is an example , says WGMS director Michael Kemp . "  The Himalayas is the highest mountain range on Earth with the highest elevation difference . It 's a huge area . So we expect regions  of it  to act a bit different , " Kemp said . Glacier data in the wider Himalayan region hit the headlines in 2010 when the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change had to apologize for a "  poorly substantiated " study they cited which claimed all Himalayan glaciers could melt by 2035 . Kemp told CNN at the time that the data , which found its way into their Fourth Assessment Report  AR4  , was flawed , saying there were "  simply no observations available to make these sorts of statements . " But this most recent work using satellites is of great value , he says , giving a picture of what is happening in a region where data has traditionally been scarce due to its remoteness and political issues -- the Karakoram range borders India , Pakistan and China . Despite the slight gains , Gardelle says , the message on climate change remains the same . "  Global warming is far from spatially homogeneous and continuous with time . In our warming world , there are regions of the Earth where , during a few years or decades , the atmosphere is not warming or even cooling , " Gardelle said . "  Karakoram may be one of those , but we lack consistent high elevation weather station to conclude firmly on this . "	Glaciers in the Karakoram mountains in western Himalayas are stable or gaining mass , new study says Data from two satellites reveals small increases since beginning of 21st century Small gains are in contrast to the picture of melting in rest of Himalayas and in other regions
Washington  CNN  -- Fueled by a close call on a runway two years ago involving a U.S. senator , general aviation pilots will soon have increased leverage when facing FAA disciplinary action under a bill awaiting President Barack Obama 's signature . The legislation was spearheaded by Sen. James Inhofe , R-Oklahoma , whose own piloting incident led to increased scrutiny by the Federal Aviation Administration . Inhofe , an experienced pilot with more than 10,000 flying hours , faced an FAA investigation after landing his private plane on a closed runway , sending ground workers scrambling for safety . In the October 2010 incident , the investigators said the runway was clearly marked with a large "  X " indicating it was closed . Additionally , a notice warning pilots the runway was closed had been issued . Such notices , called NOTAMs  Notices to Airmen  , are supposed to be checked by all pilots prior to departure . Inhofe said he did n't check for FAA warnings . Supporters of the "  Pilot 's Bill of Rights " say the new measure passed by the House and Senate gives general aviation pilots the ability to fight charges levied against them by FAA officials . Highlights of the bill include : -- Allowing pilots to appeal National Transportation Safety Board rulings in federal district court . Previously , pilots could only appeal FAA findings to an NTSB administrative law judge . -- Requiring the FAA to inform pilots when they 're being investigated and notify them that any response by the pilot can be used as evidence against them . -- Forcing the FAA to share all evidence with the pilot before any enforcement action is enacted . -- Requiring the Government Accountability Office  GAO  to review the FAA 's medical certification process . Pilots have argued that current FAA medical forms are easily misunderstood , resulting in those who are under investigation being accused of falsifying the documents . "  This bill remedies many of the most serious deficiencies in the relationship between general aviation and the FAA , and ensures that pilots are , like everyone else , treated in a fair and equitable manner by the justice system , " Inhofe said after the bill passed by voice vote in the House . Pilot advocacy groups lauded the news . "  This is a landmark bill for general aviation , and protecting GA pilots ' freedom to fly , " said Lorraine Howerton , Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association vice president of legislative affairs , said on the AOPA 's website . Inhofe told the Washington Post at the time , "  I called the -LSB- Federal Aviation Administration -RSB- when I landed to tell them what had happened " and to see if there was any problem ... Since there was no accident , there appeared to be no significant problem . " Pilot rescued after U.S. jet crash in Japan GAO investigators : Some student pilots in U.S. illegally Official : 3 Americans die as private jet crashes in France	The legislation was spearheaded by Sen. James Inhofe , R-Oklahoma Inhofe faced FAA scrutiny after landing his private plane on a closed runway The bill would all pilots to appeal NTSB rulings in federal district court It also would require the GAO to review the FAA 's medical certification process
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Some of Zimbabwe 's children are "  wasting away " as political turmoil and economic crisis have caused a severe food shortage , according to a report from Save the Children . Children sleep in rough conditions on the border between Zimbabwe and South Africa . The number of acute child malnutrition cases has risen by almost two-thirds in the past year , the report from the UK-based agency said in its appeal to world donors for help . "  There is no excuse for failing to provide this food , " program director Lynn Walker said . "  The innocent people of Zimbabwe should not be made to suffer for a political situation that is out of their control . " Five million Zimbabweans -- out of a population of about 12 million -- are in need of food aid now , the report said . The group is appealing for 18,000 tons of food for next month . "  We have already been forced to reduce the rations of emergency food we are delivering because there is n't enough to go around , " the report said . "  If , as we fear , the food aid pipeline into Zimbabwe begins to fail in the new year the millions of people who rely on emergency food aid will suffer . " Zimbabwe is facing its worst economic and humanitarian crisis since its independence from Great Britain 28 years ago . There is an acute shortage of all essentials such as cash , fuel , medical drugs , electricity and food . President Robert Mugabe blames the crisis on the sanctions imposed on him and his cronies by the West for allegedly disregarding human rights . But Mugabe 's critics attribute the crisis to his economic policies . As the economy has faltered for almost a decade now , a cholera epidemic is raging , fueled by the collapse of health , sanitation and water services in Zimbabwe . The epidemic has claimed more than 1,100 lives and infected more than 20,000 people since its outbreak in August . Health experts have warned that the water-borne disease could infect more than 60,000 unless its spread is halted . The political crisis rose to a boil in this year when the opposition party claimed that it won the presidential election , but Mugabe 's government refused to recognize the result . Instead , the race was thrown to a runoff , which was boycotted by the opposition . Mugabe signed an agreement with the opposition in September to form a unity government , but a bitter dispute over the division of cabinet seats has prevented its formation . Inflation is so severe that the government was forced to print $ 10 billion currency notes last week , with each expected to buy just 20 loaves of bread .	Some Zimbabwean children "  wasting away " amid food shortage , aid group says Severe malnutrition cases rise two-thirds in year , Save the Children warns Almost half of 12 million Zimbabweans need food aid now , report says Country facing worst economic , humanitarian crisis since independence in 1980
For the first time since the Taliban shot her five months ago , Pakistani teenager Malala Yousafzai has done what made her a target of the would-be assassins : She 's gone to school . The 15-year-old on Tuesday attended Edgbaston High School in Birmingham , England , the city in which doctors treated her after she received initial care in Pakistan , a public relations agency working with her announced . It was her first day at school since the Taliban shot her in the head in October for campaigning for girls ' education . "  I am excited that today I have achieved my dream of going back to school , " Malala said , according to a release from her representatives . "  I want all girls in the world to have this basic opportunity . Teen shot for her advocacy is ` the daughter of the whole world , ' dad says "  I miss my classmates from Pakistan very much , but I am looking forward to meeting my teachers and making new friends here in Birmingham . " On October 9 , the teenager was riding home in a school van in the Swat Valley , a Taliban stronghold in Pakistan , when masked men stopped the vehicle . They demanded that the other girls identify Malala , and when they did , the men shot Malala in the head and neck . The gunmen also shot another girl , wounding her . Altering perceptions of women in Muslim countries Malala improved through numerous surgeries , including two to repair her shattered skull and restore her hearing . She was walking by the time she was released from the Birmingham hospital in February . She is continuing rehabilitation at her family 's temporary home in Birmingham and is to visit the hospital occasionally for outpatient appointments . Malala 's journey from near death to recovery Her story moved Pakistan to vow that it would more vigorously fight for girls ' rights and against the Taliban . Malala gained international attention three years before she was shot , as a campaigner for girls ' education in Pakistan . In 2009 , she wrote a blog published by the BBC about how she wanted to go to school but was afraid . "  The Taliban have repeatedly targeted schools in Swat , " she wrote . About that time , the Taliban issued a formal edict , which covered her home in the Swat Valley , banning all girls from schools . On the blog , Malala praised her father , who was operating one of the few schools that would go on to defy that order . She started giving interviews with news outlets , including CNN . "  I have the right of education , " she said in a 2011 interview with CNN . "  I have the right to play . I have the right to sing . I have the right to talk . I have the right to go to market . I have the right to speak up . " Global symbol , but still just a kid	Malala Yousafzai attends school in Birmingham , England , where she was treated after shooting Malala : "  I am excited that today I have achieved my dream of going back to school " Taliban shot the teen in Pakistan in October Before shooting , teen got international attention for defying Taliban 's ban on girls in school
House Majority Leader Eric Cantor knew in October about former CIA Director David Petraeus ' involvement in an extramarital affair , a spokesman for the congressman told CNN on Sunday . Doug Heye said Cantor , a Republican , was tipped to the information by an FBI employee . The congressman had a conversation with the official , described as a whistle-blower , about the affair and national security concerns involved in the matter , he said . The New York Times reported Saturday that on October 31 , Cantor 's chief of staff phoned the FBI to inform the agency about the call between the congressman and the FBI official . The Times reported that Cantor learned of the whistle-blower through Rep. Dave Reichert , R-Washington . Opinion : Petraeus ' other seduction A spokeswoman for Reichert told CNN on Sunday that the Times article was accurate but that the congressman had no further comment on his involvement in the case . Petraeus resigned from the CIA on Friday after acknowledging the affair . He told Director of National Intelligence James Clapper about the situation on November 6 , according to a senior U.S. intelligence official . Clapper then advised Petraeus to resign , the official said . Petraeus ' affair came to light when an FBI investigation looked into a complaint that his biographer , Paula Broadwell , was sending harassing e-mails to another woman close to the retired four-star general , a U.S. official told CNN on Saturday . During the investigation , other communications surfaced between Petraeus and Broadwell , a married mother of two , according to the official . A U.S. official said Sunday that Petraeus used a personal account to e-mail Broadwell and not his CIA account . CNN has not been able to reach Broadwell for comment . The official did not identify the woman who made the initial complaint and did not know the nature of her relationship with Petraeus . Official : Woman complained of harassing e-mails from Petraeus ' biographer The FBI interviewed Petraeus , said the official , who stressed that the CIA director was never the target of the investigation and his communications were never compromised . The official did not know whether Broadwell was interviewed . The official could not say if the investigation is still ongoing . The Times reported that the investigation had already begun by the time Cantor talked with the whistle-blower . Questions have arisen about why congressional leaders were not informed of the investigation immediately . According to a congressional aide familiar with the matter , the House and Senate intelligence committees were n't informed that there was an FBI investigation into the situation until Friday . "  The committees are required to be kept informed of significant intelligence activities , " the aide said Saturday . "  If there was an official investigation that was looking , at least in part , at information that was compromising the CIA director , then I think there 's a solid argument to say that the committee leadership should have been notified to at least some level of detail . " Rep. King : Petraeus ' resignation does n't preclude testimony Petraeus ' resignation comes days before he was scheduled to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee about the September 11 attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya . The attack , in which four Americans were killed , became a point of contention during the presidential campaign . Some have even suggested that the timing of Petraeus ' stepping down is suspect , given the expected grilling in Congress . Acting CIA Director Michael Morell will testify instead . CNN has confirmed that Petraeus was in Libya recently to meet with the CIA station chief to discuss the Benghazi attack and other issues . "  It just does n't add up , " Rep. Peter King , R-New York , told CNN chief political correspondent Candy Crowley on Sunday . "  You have this type of investigation . The FBI investigating e-mails , the e-mails leading to the CIA director , and taking four months to find out that the CIA director was involved . I have real questions about this . I think a timeline has to be looked at and analyzed to see what happened . " King : Petraeus story ` just does n't add up ' A senior U.S. official said Petraeus ' departure was n't connected to the Benghazi hearing . "  Director Petraeus ' frank and forthright letter of resignation stands on its own , " said the official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the topic . "  Any suggestion that his departure has anything to do with criticism about Benghazi is completely baseless . " Broadwell spent a year with Petraeus in Afghanistan interviewing him for the book she co-wrote , "  All In : The Education of General David Petraeus . " His resignation Friday appeared to be an abrupt end to a spectacularly successful career in public service . "  After being married for over 37 years , I showed extremely poor judgment by engaging in an extramarital affair . Such behavior is unacceptable , both as a husband and as the leader of an organization such as ours , " Petraeus said in a letter to colleagues , explaining his decision to step down . Opinion : How Petraeus changed the U.S. military Before his nomination as CIA director , Petraeus was considered the nation 's most well-known and popular military leader since Colin Powell . He helped turn the tide against insurgents while commanding forces in Iraq and Afghanistan and literally wrote the book on counterinsurgency techniques by overseeing the development of the Army/Marine Corps Counterinsurgency Manual . Earning praise from both sides of the political aisle , the retired four-star general took the helm of the CIA in September 2011 . Petraeus , 60 , and his wife , Holly , live in Virginia . They have two adult children . Petraeus letter : I showed extremely poor judgment	Spokesman : Eric Cantor spoke with an FBI official about the matter in October Petraeus resigned Friday , citing an extramarital affair An FBI investigation into e-mails from Petraeus ' biographer uncovered the affair The former CIA director was scheduled to testify in a hearing on the Benghazi attack
Rolling Stone  -- The company that owns "  American Idol " is restructuring in light of the show 's ratings drop and developing projects for its other assets , including the creative exploitation of Elvis Presley and Muhammad Ali , the New York Times reports . CKx , which will change its name to Core Media Group , has especially big plans in store for Presley : an upgrade of the Graceland museum is in the works , as well as a possible drama series based on the singer 's early life . Core is also in talks with Sony about a potential duets album , which would pair contemporary singers with Presley in much the same way that past duets albums have done with Frank Sinatra . A subsequent tour may see singers performing alongside an Elvis hologram . Meanwhile , Core is also planning a revamp of "  Idol , " which comes on the tail of the show 's 30 % ratings decline in its 11th season this year . The drop coincides with the rise of newer singing competitions , like NBC 's "  The Voice " and Fox 's "  The X Factor . " " ` Idol ' is still the gold standard , " Core 's new president Marc Graboff told the Times . "  It 's very viable , but it definitely needs to be refreshed and it will be . " Graboff says the company will reteam with original "  Idol " creator Simon Fuller to help make the changes , which include a likely overhaul of "  Idol 's " voting system . The current one has produced winners of a similar profile for five seasons straight , most recently 21-year-old Georgia rocker Phillip Phillips . "  They 're being called W.G.W.G. 's -- white guys with guitars , " said Graboff . It 's possible that the judges panel  currently Steven Tyler , Jennifer Lopez and Randy Jackson  will see a change , too , said Graboff -- but that decision falls under the purview of Fox , which broadcasts "  Idol . " "  We hope it will stay as big a revenue stream as it has been , " said Graboff . "  But no matter how big the stream is , my job is to diversify us away from it as much as possible . " See the full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Core Media Group is planning a possible drama series based on Elvis Presley The company owns "  American Idol " Core is also planning a revamp of "  Idol "
CNN  -- Uganda is n't known for being a big player on the baseball field , but one man is hoping for a home run with his documentary about the sport . An American filmmaker has made what he describes as ' a love letter to the game sent from a place you 'd least expect . ' Jay Shapiro hopes that his snap shot of youth baseball in the East African country will raise the profile of the sport in a part of the world where he says it means so much to its players . "  I 'm constantly dissatisfied with the way people react to Africa and the third world in general , and that sort of became my goal to shift the way people think about Africa , " Shapiro explained . "  What better way to shift the way Americans think about Africa better than baseball , the game they love and I love , too , " he continued . His documentary , called Opposite Field , focuses on Uganda 's Little League Baseball network . A sport that may still be in its fledgling stages but is growing bigger by the day . Shapiro explains that he ended up in Uganda when he was doing commercial work for Major League Baseball . It was there that he met a man from Staten Island , called Richard Stanley , who was passionate about bringing the sport to Uganda . "  He showed me this stack of Polaroid pictures basically of a swamp in the middle of nowhere and he told me he 's going to build this beautiful baseball facility , " he said . It was a project that Richard Stanley began working on in 2002 . Shapiro says that thanks to his hard work there are now two baseball fields in Uganda . But Shapiro says what really shocked him when he went to visit the fields was the kids . "  I was expecting to see some really basic baseball , kids just picking up a ball for the first time and learning how to throw or swing the bat , but that 's not what I saw , " he said . "  They were really good , they knew how to play . " Around 15,000 children are signed up to the league now but with about 700 gloves between them more funding is desperately needed . However , Shapiro says that it 's the lack of money that produces such impressive players in Uganda . "  These kids just play , they do n't even have a field to play on or a ball , they 'll make a ball out of plastic bag that they singe and just throw it , " Shapiro said . "  That 's why they are so good ; they play for the right reasons . If they play because they love it , they 'll win , " he said . The team Shapiro filmed did win . He followed a group of 11 and 12-year-old boys from the ghettos of Kampala , who became the first African team to ever qualify for the Little League World Series . Uganda youth baseball team denied U.S. visas over age discrepancies The team was due to play in the tournament in Williamsport , Pennsylvania but issues with their visas meant they could n't enter America . "  As everyone knows , documentation is a problem , not just for Uganda and not just baseball , but 1 billion kids in the world do n't have documentation for who they are or how old they are , " Shapiro said . Birth certificates are not routinely given out in Uganda and many people do not know the day they were born . In order to travel a certificate and passport is needed , but it 's a costly process . A statement on the Little League 's website says that if the problems can not be ironed out , Little League Baseball and Softball in Africa will only be for the wealthy . Shapiro hopes his film will address some of the challenges facing the sport in Uganda so it can continue to grow . "  It is baseball at its purest form , its baseball for the love of it , its baseball ... where there should n't be baseball so you have to love it to make it grow . " The filmmaker says that it 's this love of baseball that joins kids together against a backdrop of personal tragedy . One boy that features in the documentary is Ivan , who lives in an equipment shed with up to 8 people . Shapiro says that despite the daily hardships he faces , he is an incredible baseball player . "  He does a lot of things you ca n't teach , he has a natural hand-eye coordination , you just see , his story could end up somewhere special , " he said . "  He strikes you as this shy , timid , quiet boy but when he gets on the field , he 's the leader , he 's the loudest one out there , holding huddles for the team , but he 's the man , and I love watching that . " Emily Wither contributed to this report	An American filmmaker has made a documentary about Little League Baseball in Uganda Around 15,000 children are signed up to the league in the country An African team became the first ever to qualify for the Little League World Series The team did n't make it to America because of visa issues
CNN  -- At first glance , it seems obvious -- of course Twitter and YouTube have the right to take down a video showing the American journalist , James Foley , being beheaded . The question is why taking it down is controversial at all . The answer , I think , shows how important services like Twitter have become , and how this has thrust unexpected responsibilities onto them . Twitter and YouTube both have rules telling users what they can and can not post , even though the volume of material they deal with necessarily means they 're inconsistent in the application of those rules . YouTube 's community guidelines go beyond saying that you ca n't post "  bad stuff " that 's against the law , "  like animal abuse , drug abuse , under-age drinking and smoking , or bomb making . " The site also wo n't let you post legal content that depicts "  graphic or gratuitous violence . " Twitter 's rules are more minimal , explicitly forbidding only porn in your profile photos , threats and harassment , and spam . But , if Twitter wants to add a new rule in response to a grotesquely violent posting , it 's perfectly within its rights to do so . That 's because YouTube and Twitter are private websites . They do n't have to post anything they do n't want to . You 'd feel the same way if you set up a site for people to post photos of their pets and someone started feeding it pictures of animals being beheaded . Private sites have no obligation to support free speech . Free speech in America means the government ca n't tell you what not to say in public . If you do n't like a private website 's rules , go somewhere else on the Web or start your own site . That 's how it works and it 's how it should work . And yet , it feels different for sites the size of Twitter and YouTube than for a little pet photos site . Our society has higher aspirations for free speech than that the government not censor us . We want a robust , vibrant public sphere in which ideas of every sort are welcomed and debated . And now we have the Internet , the greatest venue for free speech in human history . Would you watch the video ? Sort of . Yes , anyone can talk on the Internet . We 're no longer held back by the limited real estate of a daily newspaper or by the judgment of an editorial board . But talking on the Internet is like shouting into the ocean unless you find a place where there are lots of people ready to listen . YouTube and Twitter are just such places . Not everyone will hear you , but your voice may not be totally drowned out , for these sites also provide ways for friends to connect with one another and with others who share their interests . That makes sites like Twitter and YouTube especially important to our society . Their special role comes from what 's known as "  the network effect " -- they gain value simply from the fact that there are so many people there . This also makes them difficult to replace , because it would require masses of people to move to a new site that at its start has very few people there to speak with . With a great network effect comes great responsibility . Opinion : What is ISIS hoping its abhorrent beheading video will achieve ? We look to Twitter for special care in handling content fairly not only because free speech needs sites with lots of people , but also because Twitter has begun to play a unique and remarkable role in the ecosystem of news so important to informing us as citizens . In one sense , Twitter is just a distribution system for news , most of which has first appeared on a professional news site . But , as the tweets from Ferguson have shown , it has also become the leading platform where news breaks before it gets picked up by the professional media . Twitter 's stream of tweets is not only an amazing pool of eyewitness accounts of the sort compiled by journalists in their research , it is also a contextualized , socially refined end product . This puts a special responsibility on Twitter to accept some of the norms of journalism . Twitter is not a news site , but if it were caught removing conservative or liberal tweets , there would be a firestorm for violating a prime journalistic ethic . Twitter has been vested with a responsibility , and a trust , it did not ask for . Removing accounts responsible for propagating a video of the political murder of a journalist does not violate that trust ; the national news sites also are not linking to that video . But the fact that we even wonder about Twitter 's social and journalistic responsibilities shows how deeply the Internet has transformed our social and media ecosystems .	Video of ISIS beheading U.S. journalist James Foley appears on social media David Weinberger : Twitter and YouTube can post anything they want He says private websites have no obligation to support free speech Weinberger : But since Twitter is a hub for debates , it has more duty to the public
CNN  -- Tribal rivalries , an east-west divide , a rebel leadership lacking coherence , a shattered economy and the absence of a "  civil society " -- these are just a few of the challenges that a post-Gadhafi Libya will face . The rebel National Transitional Council is aware of the perils ahead and has produced a blueprint for the immediate aftermath of Gadhafi 's downfall and for a political process leading to democratic elections . Haunted by the lack of planning in Iraq after the overthrow of Saddam Hussein , the international community -- in the shape of the Libyan Contact Group -- has urged the NTC to pursue reconciliation . In a statement Sunday night , President Barack Obama called on the NTC to pursue "  a transition to democracy that is just and inclusive for all of the people of Libya . " But that is no simple formula in a society riven by deep-seated rivalries and with no experience of democracy . In 42 years as Libyan leader , Moammar Gadhafi purged Libyan society of any alternative voice or real discourse . His Revolutionary Committees were ubiquitous , silencing dissent and enforcing the eccentric orthodoxy of the "  Brother Leader 's " teachings . In such a warped society , there has been little space for the emergence of a professional , qualified middle-class , and none for trade unions , opposition groups or other symbols of civil society . The only organized group not tied to the regime was the Muslim Brotherhood , driven underground by Gadhafi . As in Iraq in 2003 or Syria now , there is no recognized opposition figure or group that transcends tribal , regional and sectarian rifts . Gadhafi survived as long as he did , according to Libyan scholar Mansour O. El-Kikhia , by breaking up the power bases of Libya 's largest and most influential tribes . Lands and influence were redistributed to more "  dependable " tribes such as the Warfalla , Qadhadfa and Megarha . Places like Gadhafi 's hometown -- Sirte -- received more resources than those regarded as less loyal . But tribal loyalties have survived and perhaps become more important in the absence of other political institutions . Eastern Libya -- where the rebellion began and is still based -- has long been at odds with the west , Gadhafi 's power base . The pattern of the past six months ' conflict suggests that geographical divide persists . Tribes in the west may not take kindly to the sudden dominance of a movement that began in the east . The rebel leadership in Benghazi has tried to co-ordinate with the rebellion in the west -- which began in the Nafusa Mountains and in some ways has been more effective on the battlefield -- but has not directed or controlled it . Libya is a vast country -- 1.75 million square kilometers - with many "  under-governed " spaces , especially in the immense Sahara . In neighboring states such as Chad , Algeria and Niger , these are the spaces claimed by revolts and more recently by Islamist groups professing allegiance to al Qaeda . Gadhafi had his own problems with Islamic extremism -- the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group was one of the most effective groups sympathetic to al Qaeda before its leaders turned against jihad in return for a mass release from Libyan jails . Towns in eastern Libya became well-known for supplying fighters to the insurgency in Iraq , though the rebel leadership insists Gadhafi has exaggerated the threat of Islamist extremism for his own ends . Then there is the resurgent Berber identity in the western mountains . Gadhafi persecuted the Berbers , a non-Arab minority -- even accusing them of being agents of the CIA . But in the months since his forces have lost control of the Nafusa Mountains , the Berbers have re-established their language  Tamazight  , their culture and even their flag . They are determined not to be subjugated again . The Berber Institute for Civil Society issued a statement this weekend setting out the community 's demands : "  Tamazight should be recognised in the Constitution in all its dimensions ... This is a prerequisite of the Amazigh movement . " Libya 's oil wealth has been a curse as well as a blessing . It has allowed lavish spending on education  with thousands of students sent to universities overseas  and infrastructure , and government subsidies have made staples affordable for millions . But there 's been virtually no diversification of the economy ; about 95 % of the Libyan state 's revenues derive from hydrocarbons . Unemployment probably exceeds 30 % and half the population is under the age of 15 . The civil service is thought to employ about one in five Libyans . Gadhafi built up a byzantine bureaucracy , but not one known for its efficiency . The adage among Libyans is "  Inshallah , bokra , moumken , " which means "  With the will of God , tomorrow , maybe . " Nor is there much entrepreneurial spirit . Much of the hard work -- building railroads , servicing oil installations -- has been done by economic migrants and contract workers -- and hundreds of thousands of them fled when the fighting began . But Libya has advantages . About 80 % of its people are literate ; electricity is connected to almost the whole country . Economists say there are long-term opportunities -- Libyan oil is plentiful and low in sulphur -- if new industries can be built and a work ethic encouraged . Much also depends on whether opposition figures like Ali Tarhouni , who taught at the University of Washington State and holds the economic and oil portfolio , are given authority . But the immediate priorities , according to western diplomats , center on basic services : electricity , food , water and above all security -- priorities that were ignored in Iraq . British Foreign Secretary William Hague has urged the NTC to ensure that technocrats in the Libyan government are not purged . Libyan opposition officials envisage several thousand Arab troops -- possibly from the United Arab Emirates and Qatar -- being drafted into the capital to help stabilize what could be a chaotic situation . Saddam Hussein 's fall was followed by an orgy of looting in Baghdad . How far the remnants of Gadhafi 's army and police can be integrated into new security forces is a huge open question . But a template drawn up by the NTC 's envoy in the Emirates , Aref Ali Nayed , includes detailed plans for keeping police units in uniform . Journalist Derek Flood of the Jamestown Foundation , who has recently been in the western mountains , told CNN that he witnessed police training programs under way . The rebels seem to be aware that a new security force imposed from the east would be a recipe for trouble . Much will depend on whether Gadhafi loyalists begin a campaign of sabotage after he has gone , much as Saddam Hussein 's Baathists did . There are also plans for an airlift of humanitarian supplies and the rapid rehabilitation of the oil infrastructure , though industry experts say it will be some time before pre-war exports of 1.6 million barrels a day can be attained . Plans are one thing , but without an inclusive transition and transparency they will be quickly overwhelmed . For the more unscrupulous , there will be temptations to divert oil revenues to private accounts . The anti-corruption group Transparency International rates Libya 146th in its corruption perception index , close to the bottom of the league . The NTC lacks cohesion -- a hastily devised group of former regime figures , intellectuals , nationalists , secularists and Islamists . It has also shown disunity to a murderous degree -- witness the murky circumstances of the killing of military chief Abdel Fatah Younis last month . But it 's now the only game in town and under its own transition plan will run Libya for the next eight months . Even the NTC 's chairman , Mustafa Abdel Jalil , has described this option as the "  best of the worst . " Any collapse of authority in Libya would have grim implications for its neighbors -- especially Egypt and Tunisia . Libya has been a source of work for millions of other North Africans . But chaos in Libya would also worry Europe . It could become another route for the flow of drugs from Africa . Illegal immigration across the Mediterranean is already taxing Italy . And were Islamist extremists , such as al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , to gain a foothold , they would have ready access to Europe .	Tribal rivalries , an east-west divide and a shattered economy are just a few of the challenges Moammar Gadhafi has purged Libyan society of any alternative voice or real discourse The rebel government produces a blueprint for the immediate aftermath The international community urges the NTC to pursue reconciliation
CNN  -- In public at least , the message was defiant . Beleaguered Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , sitting alongside Iran 's intelligence chief , proclaimed Tuesday "  the determination of the people and government of Syria to cleanse the country of terrorists . " His Iranian visitor , Saeed Jalili , responded , "  What is happening in Syria is not an internal issue but a conflict between the axis of resistance on one hand and regional and global enemies of this axis on the other . " Jalili 's comment was made public by the Syrian news agency that al-Assad 's government runs . It 's a familiar theme for the Iranians , who have cast events in Syria as part of a much broader ideological battle . Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has similarly characterized events in Syria as a "  war between the front of hegemony and the front of resistance . " Ayham Kamel of Eurasia Group believes the Iranians must be alarmed that the tide is running fast against al-Assad . "  Iran probably has excellent information regarding Assad 's position . That information would make clear that Iran is increasingly likely to lose its only ally in the region , greatly reducing its strategic reach , " he says . The last thing Iran wants is a Sunni-dominated Syria that abandons the "  axis " -- especially as the rebels ' main supporters are Iran 's Persian Gulf rivals : Qatar and Saudi Arabia . "  How can those who have never held an election in their country be advocates of democracy ? " Jalili asked in Damascus , with a less than oblique dig at the Gulf monarchies . Assad also blasted as "  unacceptable " that certain foreign countries were "  supporting terrorism in Syria " through arming the rebels . Iran is al-Assad 's last regional ally , and Western intelligence officials believe the Islamic Republic has provided technical help such as intelligence , communications and advice on crowd control and weapons as protest in Syria has morphed into resistance . A United Nations panel reported in May that Iranian weapons destined for Syria but seized in Turkey included assault rifles , explosives , detonators , machine guns and mortar shells . Iran 's Foreign Minister acknowledged Wednesday that some of the 48 Iranians kidnapped last weekend by the Free Syrian Army near Damascus were former military personnel . "  Some retired individuals from the  Revolutionary  Guards and army were dispatched to Syria to make a pilgrimage , " Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi told the official Iranian news agency , a statement that will likely be seized upon by the rebels as confirmation that Iran is directly aiding the al-Assad regime . Al-Assad 's inner circle : Mostly family , like ` mafia ' Syria and Iran vs. Israel Syria also matters to Iran because it is the main conduit to the Shi'ite militia Hezbollah in Lebanon , the proxy through which Iran can threaten Israel with an arsenal of short-range missiles . In 2009 , the top U.S. diplomat in Damascus disclosed that Syria had begun delivery of ballistic missiles to Hezbollah , according to official cables leaked to and published by WikiLeaks . "  Syria 's actions have created a situation in which miscalculation or provocative behavior by Hezbollah could prove disastrous for Syria and the broader region , " the diplomat wrote . The regional picture that was so favorable to Iran a few years ago -- as events in Iraq moved in its favor and those in neighboring Afghanistan moved against the Western alliance -- is now much more challenging . International sanctions imposed chiefly by the United States and Europe are biting , renewed political violence is destabilizing Iraq , and Iran 's relationship with Turkey has eroded badly . Not so long ago , Iran and Turkey were on good terms . The government of Recep Tayyip Erdogan tried to be the honest broker in Iran 's confrontation with the West over its nuclear program ; both governments worried about Kurdish separatism ; and Turkey 's guiding principle was ` zero problems with neighbors . ' Erdogan said this week at a meeting of his Justice and Development Party : "  When no one else was by its side , Turkey stood by Iran , despite everything . Turkey defended its right to nuclear energy . " Not any more . Erdogan has been infuriated by Iran 's attempts to paint Turkey as conspiring with the West on Syria . This week , Iran 's chief of staff Hassan Firouzabadi accused Turkey of helping the "  belligerent objectives " of Western powers , prompting the Turkish Foreign Ministry to condemn "  groundless accusations and extremely inappropriate threats " of Iranian officials . Erdogan joined in . "  On Syria , once again I ask the Iranians : Does defending a regime that kills its brothers , and I think it has reached 25,000 by now , suit our values ? " Two days in Aleppo : Guns , graveyards and stairwell beds Playing on differences Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi traveled to Turkey Tuesday in an effort to mend that fence . He left with what the Turkish Foreign Minister called a "  frank and friendly " message about intemperate language . Iran and Turkey are shaping up for the next phase of the struggle for Syria , according to Michael Young , Opinion Editor at the Daily Star in Beirut . And it is likely to be a Syria where central control is much weaker in the face of sectarian and clan fissures . "  If the Alawis are afraid and fall back on their heartland , there too you 're going to have a situation where a new central government in Damascus will have to wrestle with a state that is not strongly unified , " Young told the New York-based Council on Foreign Relations . "  In that context , it will create openings for the Iranians to play on differences . " Turkey will be working for the opposite outcome , wary that Syria 's Kurds might seek common cause with its own restive Kurdish minority and concerned that prolonged instability will spill into Lebanon and across Syria 's long and porous border with Turkey . If its rhetoric is accepted at face value , Iran may be ready to step up support for al-Assad . But does it have the resources ? As Ayham Kamel at Eurasia Group notes : "  Sanctions are biting , oil revenues have been compressed , inflation is rampant , and reserves are limited . " But backing al-Assad , at least in the short term , may be an overriding imperative . The United States says Iran is intensifying its support for the Assad regime . And most analysts expect at least more Iranian cash and more expertise to be made available . "  The diversion of perhaps tens of millions of dollars or euros in cash would certainly assist Assad 's government as its foreign exchange reserves dwindle , " says Kamel . The provision of additional arms and intelligence is also likely in the near term , he says . Less predictable , analysts say , is whether Hezbollah will of its own accord or at Iran 's behest put its considerable military expertise at Assad 's service . Iranian intelligence chief Jalili met Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah before going to Damascus . Nasrallah has nailed his colors to the mast . He said last month that the four senior Syrian officials killed in a bomb blast in Damascus were "  martyrs " and boasted that the rockets Hezbollah had fired at Israel in 2006 were made in Syria . Hezbollah 's nightmare is a hostile Israel on one side and a hostile Sunni Syria on the other , even if its internal position in Lebanon is secure . But both it and Iran are now trying to peer into a future as gloomy as it is opaque . CNN exclusive : Inside Syria	Iranians have cast Syria conflict as broad ideological battle Iran probably knows what Bashar al-Assad is thinking , expert says Al-Assad is trying to cling to power during a 17-month uprising to oust him Iran cares because Syria is main conduit to Hezbollah which can get at Israel
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- The head of Libya 's opposition government told reporters Saturday he welcomed a call Friday by Russian President Dmitry Medvedev for Moammar Gadhafi to step down . Medvedev 's statement , echoing the stance of American and European leaders , appeared to indicate a closing diplomatic window for the longtime Libyan strongman . The chairman of the National Transitional Council , Mustafa Abdul Jalil , said he has offered amnesty to Gadhafi loyalists who defect before the demise of the regime , but reiterated that there will be "  no negotiation for any solution until Gadhafi 's departure . " Once that happens , elections and a constitutional referendum will be held within a year , Jailil said in the opposition stronghold of Benghazi . In an interview with CNN , Jalil said the council had sold a shipment of oil to China for $ 160 million . The confirmation of the sale is expected to buttress the political and economic credibility of the fledgling rebel power . The leader said the movement has a "  financial crisis " and is seeking loans from outside the country . The council is happy for political support , but will not ask Russia for arms or economic aid , Jalil said . The unrest in Libya has persisted for months as opposition members demand an end to Gadhafi 's nearly 42-year rule . Jalil marked the 100th day of the nation 's civil war . "  We see victories emerging at both national and international levels , " he said . "  We should celebrate what our heroic sons have accomplished in Misrata and the Nafusa mountains , as well as applaud the wide international support for our revolution . " Meanwhile , a series of morning explosions rocked the capital of Tripoli on Saturday , including blasts at a compound belonging to Gadhafi and one at a nearby tribal compound , a government official said . The official said one morning strike occurred on Bab bin Ghashir , a tribal compound near Gadhafi 's Bab al-Aziziya compound , where the other strikes occurred . The official believed the strikes were NATO attacks . No casualties were reported . Morning strikes in Tripoli are rare . NATO confirmed one of the attacks -- a press officer said the strike on Bab bin Ghashir was timed to minimize civilian casualties . NATO said it targeted a vehicle storage area at Bab bin Ghashir . The tribal compound is used by people who volunteer as support forces for Libyan authorities . A decade ago , the site was used as a military station . NATO is operating under a U.N. Security Council resolution authorizing the use of any means -- with the exception of foreign occupation -- to protect civilians from attack or the threat of attack . It has been conducting airstrikes targeting Gadhafi 's military resources . CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Raja Razek , Nima Elbagir and Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	NEW : National Transitional Council in "  financial crisis , " chairman says A Libyan official says NATO strikes two compounds Libyan opposition says it sold $ 160 million of oil to China NATO says it targeted a vehicle storage area at Bab bin Ghashir
CNN  -- It was supposed to be a dream trip : Two children and their parents on a yearlong family road trip around Australia . But the dream turned to tragedy Wednesday when the parents apparently got into trouble while swimming off a remote beach in Western Australia , while their children , ages 10 and 12 , were on shore . The children watched as other beachgoers desperately tried to resuscitate their mother after her body drifted ashore , CNN 's Australian affiliate ABC News reported . The children had spotted their mother floating face-down in the water , ABC News said . Their father was also briefly seen floating face-down before disappearing under water , the broadcaster said . Kathreen Ricketson , 41 , is believed to have drowned , Western Australia police said . The search continued Thursday for her husband , 48-year-old Robert Shugg , but there is little hope of finding him alive . "  His body has n't been recovered , " 1st Class Constable Richard Du Cloux of Exmouth police told CNN . "  The search is still going on and will continue until all avenues have been exhausted . " The children have been reunited with family members , Du Cloux said . The family was camping by Ningaloo Reef , a remote but beautiful spot about 45 kilometers  28 miles  south of Coral Bay , when disaster struck . Ricketson , who described herself online as "  mother.maker.wife.artist.writer.traveller . Adventuring with my family on year-long road trip around Australia , " had been blogging about their trip . Her last entry , posted Monday , reads : "  We are bush camping at a station on Ningaloo reef , Western Australia . A dream come true -- is that totally corn ball ? " They had met another family there , Ricketson 's blog said , and the children were enjoying playing together . A photo of a beach at sunset posted to Instagram by Ricketson on Sunday was captioned : "  Ningaloo beach for Robbie 's birthday . Sweet . " "  It 's an extremely remote , rugged area , " said Du Cloux . "  People go camping there ,  but  you 've got to be fully self-sufficient , there 's no amenities at all . " The alarm was raised by a fellow camper , who set off an emergency positioning beacon , Du Cloux said . The nearest police station , in Exmouth , is about 2Â 1/2 hours away . Efforts to find the body of the children 's missing father are being led by the police and Department of Environment and Conservation officials , he said . An aerial search will resume at daylight Friday . This kind of incident is thankfully unusual in the area , Du Cloux said . The family set off on their road trip -- described by Ricketson as a "  12 month family sabbatical to reconnect as a family and slow down our life " -- in early January . The parents planned to home-school the children on the road and continue their online work , according to her blog . Ricketson ran a crafts and lifestyle website , Whip Up , as well as a children 's activities website , Action Pack Magazine . "  We are deeply saddened by the tragic news of the sudden death of Whip Up founder , Kathreen Ricketson . Her partner Rob Shugg is still missing at Coral Bay , Western Australia . Their two gorgeous , beloved children , to whom we send our love , are with relatives , " a post by a contributor to the Whip Up site said Thursday . "  This was their adventure of a lifetime and it has come to an end in the worst imaginable way . "	Kathreen Ricketson is believed to have drowned off a remote Australian beach , police say Her husband , Robert Shugg , was last seen floating face-down in the water The couple 's children saw desperate efforts to revive their mother , local media report They are now with family members
Rolling Stone  -- For most of his life he 's been Gene Ween , the nimble-voiced frontman of one of rock 's great genre-hoppers -- but Aaron Freeman is finally ready to put his alter-ego to bed . "  It 's time to move on , " Freeman told Rolling Stone from his home in New Jersey . "  I 'm retiring Gene Ween . " So does that mean the end for Ween , the band that Freeman formed with high school friend Mickey Melchiondo  a.k.a. Dean Ween  in New Hope , Pennsylvania , in the mid-Eighties ? "  Pretty much , yeah , " says Freeman . "  It 's been a long time , 25 years . It was a good run . " Freeman , who released his solo debut "  Marvelous Clouds " earlier this month , says there 's no animosity towards his bandmates or Melchiondo , who he met in the eighth grade . He says the pair are still on speaking terms , even though he 's been contemplating the decision for the past eight years . "  For me it 's a closed book . In life sometimes , in the universe , you have to close some doors to have others open , " says Freeman . "  There 's no , ` Godd ** n that such and such ! ' For me , I 'd like to think it 's a door I can close finally . " Freeman and Melchiondo released a slew of home-recorded tapes in the Eighties before they tasted unlikely MTV success in 1992 with "  Push th ' Little Daisies , " from their major-label debut "  Pure Guava . " After that novelty single , Ween went on to release albums that reflected their intense love of music , from metal to MOR and all points in between . On 1996 's "  Golden Country Greats , " they brought in Nashville session players for an album of country originals , while saxophonist David Sanborn guested on "  Your Party , " from Ween 's most recent album , 2007 's "  La Cucaracha . " But question marks over Ween 's future were raised following an onstage meltdown by Freeman at a show in Vancouver last year . The singer spent several weeks in an Arizona rehab facility battling substance abuse issues . Back at home and in good spirits , he says that his solo debut helped him get back on track . "  It 's a nice recovery record , definitely , " he says . Like most of Ween 's oeuvre , "  Marvelous Clouds " is another unexpected detour : a covers album of tunes by the reclusive Sixties songwriter Rod McKuen . In his heyday , McKuen was penning songs for the likes of Frank Sinatra , Johnny Cash and Perry Como , but he 's become somewhat of an obscure figure since he retired from the stage in the early-Eighties . "  I was struck by the simplicity and power of songs , " says Freeman , who came to McKuen through "  Golden Country Greats " producer Ben Vaughn . "  Anybody that can accomplish that kind of thing is great . " Freeman recently spent an afternoon with the 79-year-old singer in his Beverly Hills home . "  He 's got this incredible studio downstairs in his house -- it has n't been touched since 1973 . He 's got a room full of master tapes ... He 's got probably thousands of songs that have n't seen the light of day . " So is another volume of McKuen covers on the cards ? "  I could make five more Rod McKuen records , but that could get a little weird , " jokes Freeman , who plans on releasing an album of original material next . "  It 's important to know that this is n't a side project . I 'm forging a new thing for myself . So that 's all . There 's no plans for any records or touring for Ween from my end . " See the full story at RollingStone.com Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	"  I 'm retiring Gene Ween " Aaron Freeman told Rolling Stone Freeman released his solo debut "  Marvelous Clouds " earlier this month He 's been contemplating the decision for the past eight years
CNN  -- A Canadian porn actor suspected of killing and dismembering a university student in Montreal left Germany and arrived in Canada on Monday , a police official said . Luka Rocco Magnotta , 29 , was in police custody when he flew back aboard a Canadian military plane . Magnotta faces first-degree murder and other charges in the May slaying of Jun Lin , a 33-year-old Concordia University student from China . He did not fight extradition from Germany after his arrest there this month . "  Now the alleged killer is in Montreal , and he 'll be facing justice , " police spokesman Cmdr. Ian Lafreniere told reporters at the Montreal-Mirabel International Airport , where the suspect touched down in the company of half a dozen officers . Lafreniere said Magnotta is expected to appear in court on Tuesday , but he did not know when or where . "  This is not the end of the investigation , " the police spokesman said . Authorities accuse Magnotta of dismembering Lin and mailing one of his hands and one of his feet to Canadian politicians . Police also believe Magnotta filmed the death and dismemberment and posted the video to the Internet . Montreal police have said the video shows Magnotta engaged in sexual acts involving body parts and also included evidence of cannibalism . Police link Vancouver body parts to Montreal dismemberment suspect The Canadian government worked with Montreal police , the Quebec Prosecution Service and German officials to bring about Magnotta 's extradition , officials said . Berlin police arrested Magnotta at an Internet cafe where he was browsing articles about himself . An employee of the cafe recognized him and flagged down a carload of German police trainees . The arrest ended an international manhunt that began after the body parts were mailed . Authorities have said they believe Magnotta killed Lin on May 24 or 25 , posted the video , then flew to France on May 26 . He was thought to have boarded a bus to Berlin on June 1 while police were searching for him in Paris , Berlin prosecutors have said . Montreal teacher fired for showing 10th graders a killing , dismemberment video The case began when a caller complained to police about a strong smell coming from an alley behind Magnotta 's Montreal apartment building , Lafreniere has said . Investigators found a torso stuffed inside a suitcase . The same day , officials at Canada 's Conservative Party headquarters received a package addressed to Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper that contained a foot . Officials later intercepted a package addressed to the Liberal Party that contained a hand . DNA tests showed both were Lin 's , Lafreniere has said . The victim 's head is still missing . A gay porn actor , stripper and escort , Magnotta was well known to animal rights activists online , who accused him of killing kittens and using the carcasses in sexual acts . Authorities have said they were looking into the animal abuse allegations and also examining possible links to other crimes . The sick fascination with a death video CNN 's Paula Newton contributed to this report .	The suspect is expected to appear in court Tuesday , police say Luka Rocco Magnotta left Germany for Canada He 's accused of killing a Concordia University student Police say Magnotta mailed body parts to politicians
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Taliban leaders are holding Saudi-brokered talks with the Afghan government to end the country 's bloody conflict -- and are severing their ties with al Qaeda , sources close to the historic discussions have told CNN . King Abdullah of Saudia Arabia hosted meetings between the Afghan government and the Taliban , a source says . The militia , which has been intensifying its attacks on the U.S.-led coalition that toppled it from power in 2001 for harboring Osama bin Laden 's terrorist network , has been involved in four days of talks hosted by Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah , says the source . The talks -- the first of their kind aimed at resolving the lengthy conflict in Afghanistan -- mark a significant move by the Saudi leadership to take a direct role in Afghanistan , hosting delegates who have until recently been their enemies . They also mark a sidestepping of key "  war on terror " ally Pakistan , frequently accused of not doing enough to tackle militants sheltering on its territory , which has previously been a conduit for talks between the Saudis and Afghanistan . According to the source , fugitive Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed Omar -- high on the U.S. military 's most-wanted list -- was not present , but his representatives were keen to stress the reclusive cleric is no longer allied to al Qaeda . Details of the Taliban leader 's split with al Qaeda have never been made public before , but the new claims confirm what another source with an intimate knowledge of the militia and Mullah Omar has told CNN in the past . The current round of talks , said to have been taken two years of intense behind-the-scenes negotiations to come to fruition , is anticipated to be the first step in a long process to secure a negotiated end to the conflict . But U.S. - and Europe-friendly Saudi Arabia 's involvement has been propelled by a mounting death toll among coalition troops amid a worsening violence that has also claimed many civilian casualties . A Saudi source familiar with the talks confirmed that they happened and said the Saudis take seriously their role in facilitating discussions between parties to the conflict . A second round of talks is scheduled to take place in two months , the Saudi source said . The Afghan government believes the Taliban can not be defeated militarily , and the Taliban believe that they ca n't win a war against the U.S.-led coalition in Afghanistan , the Saudi source said . The involvement of the Saudis is also seen as an expression of fear that Iran could take advantage of U.S. failings in Afghanistan , as it is seen to be doing in Iraq . Several Afghan sources familiar with Iranian activities in Afghanistan have said Iranian officials and diplomats who are investing in business and building education facilities are lobbying politicians in Kabul . Learn more about King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia " The Afghan sources wish to remain anonymous due to their political roles . Coalition commanders regularly accuse Iran of arming the Taliban , and Western diplomats privately suggest that Iran is working against U.S. interests in Afghanistan , making it harder to bring peace . Saudi sources say perceived Iranian expansionism is one of Saudi Arabia 's biggest concerns . Watch CNN 's Nic Robertson report on the meeting " The talks in Mecca took place between September 24 and 27 and involved 11 Taliban delegates , two Afghan government officials , a representative of former mujahadeen commander and U.S. foe Gulbadin Hekmatyar , and three others . King Abdullah broke fast during the Eid al-Fitr holiday with the 17-member Afghan delegation -- an act intended to show his commitment to ending the conflict . Eid al-Fitr marks the end of Ramadan , the Muslim holy month of fasting . Learn more about Ramadan " Saudi Arabia was one of only three countries that recognized the Taliban leadership during its rule over Afghanistan in the 1990s , but that relationship was severed over Mullah Omar 's refusal to hand over bin Laden . During the talks , described as an ice breaker , all parties agreed that the only solution to Afghanistan 's conflict is through dialogue , not fighting . Further talks are expected in Saudi Arabia involving this core group and others .	King Abdullah hosted talks in city of Mecca at end of September , source says Saudi Arabia has generally dealt with Afghanistan through Pakistan Talks are the first aimed at bringing a negotiated settlement to the Afghan conflict All parties agreed only solution to Afghan conflict is dialogue , not fighting
San Francisco  CNN  -- The MacBook Pro , with a shiny new high-definition screen , may have been the sexiest star of Apple 's keynote address at its Worldwide Developers Conference on Monday . But updates to its mobile operating system may make the biggest impact on users in the months , and years , to come . And they both clearly target Google , Apple 's fellow tech titan and , increasingly , its key rival . A brand new map system , complete with 3-D imaging and voice-assisted , turn-by-turn navigation is clearly Apple 's effort to keep iPhone and iPad users home instead of clicking on what had been the system 's go-to app , Google Maps . And an upgrade to Siri looks to turn the iPhone 4S 's feature from a novelty with a few useful applications into the full-fledged "  digital assistant " the company promises , with voice-activated search being a key component . Some might view these changes as continuing the late Steve Jobs ' feud with Google over what he felt was that company 's theft of iPhone features for its mobile Android system . "  I 'm willing to go to thermonuclear war on this , " Jobs told his biographer , Walter Isaacson , after suing Google in 2010 . At least one expert on Monday saw Apple 's latest moves as a strategic way to limit Google 's mobile growth . "  We believe the biggest takeaway is that Apple is strengthening not only the interaction within its own ecosystem , but also creating a consortium of powerful web partners to offer an experience that largely falls outside of Google 's walls , " said Gene Munster , an industry analyst with Piper Jaffray . "  We believe Apple will continue to add content partners for Siri to marginalize Google 's presence on the iPhone . " Even enhanced Facebook integration  it 's cooked right in to iOS 6 , making sharing to the site seamless  , can be seen as a jab at Google 's efforts to gain a foothold in the social media world with Google + . But it was Maps which may have marked the most direct anti-Google move . Google has been providing mapping information to Apple since the iPhone launched in 2007 . "  In iOS 6 , we have built an entire new mapping system from the ground up ; and it looks beautiful , " Scott Forstall , Apple 's vice president in charge of the mobile system , said Monday . "  This is a worldwide effort . We 're covering the world . " There was turn-by-turn navigation , with voice assistance delivered in the same voice that iPhone 4 users know as Siri . And then there were the stylistic flourishes Apple has made its trademark , like "  Flyover , " images recorded from planes and helicopters that give the user a panoramic look at their location from just about any angle . Google did n't have much to say Monday , handing out a brief , basic statement . "  We 've been working on maps for years , in fact just announced some exciting new developments for Google Maps and Google Earth last week and are looking forward to continuing to build the perfect map for our users in the months and years ahead , " a spokesperson said . Google clearly saw at least that part of the broadside coming . In anticipation of the Apple announcement , Google announced a set of improvements last week to Google Maps in what it called part of "  the never-ending quest for the perfect map . " Significantly , 3-D modeling , one of the features touted by Apple on Monday , was among the upgrades . And the "  never-ending quest " bit highlights one of Google 's perceived advantages here . And Google has , in fact , been working on mapping the world since Maps was introduced in 2004 . Duplicating those efforts with an essentially new product will be a tall order for Apple , and if it does n't work smoothly from the outset , users will find it easy to migrate back . Another , more subtle swipe at a Google stronghold , came voiced by Siri . The iPhone voice assistant , which will soon be available for the new iPad , has been fun for the past eight months . But now , Apple wants to make her more useful . She 's learned how to give you sports scores . And movie times . And restaurant recommendations . You know ... the sort of things you now Google . The iOS update is scheduled to roll out this fall  which , not coincidentally , is around the time analysts expect a new iPhone to be introduced  . That 's plenty of time for Apple to build buzz around the new features . But it 's also plenty of time for Google to roll out something new of its own . The company has n't been shy about encroaching on what Apple considered its own turf . The relative success of Google 's Android operating system , which is now on more phones than Apple 's iOS , has n't shown any signs of slowing down . All of which means tech consumers might be able to just sit back and reap the benefits .	Apple hopes new map system keeps users away from Google Maps New Facebook integration with iOS 6 is a jab at Google + Siri upgrade seeks to change feature from novelty to digital assistant The iOS update is scheduled to roll out this fall
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Cuba 's Fidel Castro on Tuesday said he would publish a new book in August on the fighting more than 50 years ago between his ragtag rebels and the 10,000-strong army under former dictator Fulgencio Batista . In an essay published Tuesday on the state-run website , www.cubadebate.cu , Castro said the book will be called "  The Strategic Victory . " "  I did n't know whether to call it ` Batista 's Last Offensive ' or ` How 300 Defeated 10,000 , ' which would sound like a science fiction story , " he said . Castro said the 25 chapters contain photos , maps and illustrations of the weapons used during a series of battles that lasted 74 days in 1958 and paved the way for his bearded revolutionaries to declare victory on January 1 , 1959 . "  The enemy suffered more than 1,000 losses , more than 300 of them deaths and 443 taken prisoner , " he wrote . Castro went on to rule Cuba for 47 years until he was sidelined by illness in 2006 . He has spent most of the last four years in seclusion , writing frequent essays called "  Reflections of Comrade Fidel " for state-run media . In recent weeks , he has re-emerged on the public stage , making seven public appearances . On Monday , Cuba celebrated the 57th anniversary of the launching of Castro 's Revolution . He failed to appear at that event in central Cuba despite high expectations , but he paid tribute at a small ceremony in Havana to the rebels who were killed . Castro also held lengthy talks with a group of artists . Both events were later broadcast on state TV . Castro said he would now start work on a book covering the second half of the fighting , called "  The Final Strategic Counteroffensive . "	Fidel Castro says he has a new book , titled "  The Strategic Victory " The book chronicles fighting between his rebels and former dictator Fulgencio Batista Castro says the book 's 25 chapters contain photos , maps and illustrations Castro 's rebels declared victory over Batista on January 1 , 1959
CNN  -- A large portion of Syria 's remaining declared chemical weapons stockpiles has been neutralized , a chemical weapons watchdog group said Wednesday . Workers aboard a U.S. government container ship finished neutralizing 581 metric tons of methylphosphonyl difluoride , a chemical used to make nerve agents sarin and soman , the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons said . The ship , the Cape Ray , still needs to neutralize 19.8 metric tons of sulfur mustard , a blistering agent . Once that is done , the last batch of declared Syrian chemical weapons to have left the country will have been rendered useless . Other batches of Syria 's chemicals are being destroyed elsewhere , including at facilities in Britain and Finland . Last week , the OPCW said that more than 74 % of Syria 's declared chemical stockpile had been destroyed . Syria agreed to give up is chemical weapons last year as part of an international deal meant to stave off Western military strikes , after Syria 's government was accused of using poison gas against civilians during its years-long civil war . In June , when a Danish ship collected the final declared batch of methylphosphonyl difluoride and sulfur mustard from the Syrian port of Latakia , the OPCW hailed what it called a major milestone . "  Never before has an entire arsenal of a category of weapons of mass destruction been removed from a country experiencing a state of internal armed conflict , " OPCW chief Ahmet Uzumcu said at the time . But inspectors ca n't say for sure that some undeclared weapons are n't still lurking somewhere in the country . The Danish ship transferred the chemicals to the Cape Ray at an Italian port in July . The Cape Ray , equipped with chemical neutralization systems , began processing the chemicals after sailing to international waters in the Mediterranean Sea . The neutralized chemicals will be destroyed at facilities in Finland and Germany , the OPCW said . While the OPCW says Syria has given up all the chemical weapons that it declared , the country 's civil war continues . The United Nations says more than 150,000 people have been killed in the past three years . The war began after popular protests against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in 2011 . Syrian government forces are now opposed by various groups , including the extremist Sunni Muslim group Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS . That militant group , which calls itself the Islamic State , now controls parts of northeastern Syria and northern and western Iraq . CNN 's Carol Jordan and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	The chemicals were among the last batch of declared weapons to leave Syria 581 metric tons of a sarin precursor have been neutralized on a U.S. ship Other batches of Syria 's chemicals are being destroyed elsewhere Destruction is part of last year 's deal Syria made to give up its chemical weapons
As pro bono lawyers for Jonathan Pollard for 12 years , we continue to be amazed at how people opposed to executive clemency for our client invariably withhold , distort , and even fabricate facts to justify their position . The most recent manifestation of this phenomenon is the June 16 opinion piece by Roland Martin , "  Israel wrong to demand release of American traitor . " Mr. Pollard is serving his 27th year of an unprecedented sentence of life in prison for delivering classified information to the state of Israel , a close ally of the United States . Martin does a disservice to his readers by fabricating facts . For example , Martin refers confidently to Pollard 's "  trial , " and says that during his "  trial , " Pollard was accused of attempting to pass classified information to Pakistan and other countries . Perhaps Martin does n't know that Pollard never had a trial . This fact could have easily been found through a Google search . And Pollard was never charged by the United States with passing  or attempting to pass  classified information to any country other than Israel , for the very simple reason that he never attempted to do so . Martin invents putative facts to support his opinion . Likewise , Martin writes of Pollard 's purported "  treason . " But he was never charged with  much less convicted of  treason . Nor could he have been , as treason requires aid to an enemy of the United States . Martin notes gravely that "  treason " is addressed in the U.S. Constitution . If Martin had bothered to read that document , he would have seen that the Constitution says that "  Treason against the United States , shall consist only in levying War against them , or in adhering to their Enemies , giving them Aid and Comfort . " Israel is not an enemy of the United States . Once again , a basic check of the facts would have revealed that Pollard did not commit treason . What should be equally disturbing to Martin 's readers are the critical facts he withholds . Martin makes it seem as if it is mostly the people and leaders of Israel who want Pollard to receive clemency . Martin fails to mention that George Shultz , the U.S. secretary of state at the time of Pollard 's activities , has come out publicly in favor of clemency . Similarly , Robert "  Bud " McFarlane , who was U.S. national security adviser at that time , has also come out publicly in favor of clemency . It is safe to say that these gentlemen know more than anyone about Pollard 's conduct . The fact that they have come out in favor of clemency speaks volumes . But Martin chooses not to mention this . Nor does he mention that numerous distinguished Americans have come out publicly in favor of clemency , including former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger , former Attorney General Michael Mukasey , former Vice President Dan Quayle , former CIA Director James Woolsey , former Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dennis DeConcini , dozens of members of Congress and many others . Perhaps Martin claims to know more than they do about the Pollard case . Then again , Martin claims Mr. Pollard had a trial and committed treason . Martin is entitled to hold any opinion he wishes . But his readers are entitled to an honest presentation of the facts , not a series of falsehoods buttressed by material omissions .	Jonathan Pollard is serving his 27th year of imprisonment for conspiracy to commit espionage Pollard 's attorneys say his sentence is unduly harsh , that he 's been victim of distortions Lawyers : Pollard 's crime did not amount to treason Henry Kissinger , George Shultz , Dan Quayle are among those supporting clemency , they say
CNN  -- In the ancient Syrian city of Homs , locals used to enjoy a vibrant cafÃ © culture and relatively easy living . The city was a Syrian success , a center for agriculture , oil and trade ; a home to Shia , Sunni and Alawite Muslims as well as a small Christian community among its one million people . The road through Homs connects Syria 's largest city , Aleppo , in the north , to the capital , Damascus , in the south , and it 's from there that President Bashar al-Assad 's military has come . Those days are now distant memories as the city became the heart of an anti-government uprising and this week became the focal point of the regime 's brutal clampdown . Rebels and civilians holed up in the besieged city are dying under a relentless barrage of rocket fire . The Syrian military has surrounded it with tanks and heavy weapons , and snipers are positioned on roofs , picking off anyone who dares to walk the streets , opposition activists say . They fear that now , after a brutal week-long assault , the army could be about to move in to wipe out the resistance . No one knows for sure how many people are living under the barrage . They cower in their homes as shells explode , destroying buildings and killing indiscriminately . The death toll is rising daily as world leaders talk , but with powerhouses China and Russia so far siding with Syria , there has been little more than rhetorical support . One man , who has got the message from Homs out to the wider world via YouTube and CNN , is ` Danny ' -- an assumed name to protect his identity . Pain etched across his young face , Danny said : "  They are going to kill us all and if you do n't help us , they 'll kill millions and no one will find out about it . Please , someone help us . " After the failure last week by the U.N. Security Council to agree on a resolution condemning the violence , Homs has seen some of the fiercest attacks yet by Assad 's army . One resident , who called himself Aslan said Wednesday : "  There is helicopter now that attack Baba Amr area . "  Thirty minute ago , two helicopters . Too much shooting before . And explosions in some homes there . "  In my room , beside with my friend , because my family -LSB- left the area , they are too scared -RSB- No electricity . No -LSB- internet -RSB- network . No anything . We have Thuraya -LSB- a hand-held satellite phone -RSB- . Also Lebanese -LSB- cell phone -RSB- network . "  No medicine , need oxygen now -LSB- for hospitals -RSB- . " At a hospital in Baba Amr on Thursday the dead and the injured were arriving around the clock . Ali , a doctor , said : "  All I have is gauze , bandages , old stitches and  a  few antiseptic wipes . " He has no surgical equipment to help the wounded . As he spoke to CNN by telephone there were seven thundering explosions . He believed Syrian jets were firing on the city but he did not want to look out the window to check in case it cost him his life . "  There is now way to flee Baba Amr because all surrounding suburbs are also under attack and anything that moves is shot at , " Hazoury says . He reckons the assault has damaged 60 percent of homes in Baba Amr . Families who did try to escape were captured by government forces and killed , said an opposition spokesman , who CNN is calling Abu Rami . Videos purporting to show the violence in Homs appear to support the accounts of witnesses , although it is not possible to independently confirm their authenticity . In one scene , a row of buildings painted in pink and blue pastels survived intact but on the other side of the street , bodies were pulled from the rubble of an attack and loaded onto flatbed trucks . On another street a rocket tore a V-shape through a street wall as smoke filled the air . Other video contains images of the wounded -- sometimes bleeding , sometimes bandaged -- and schools and homes that have been bombed . On Wednesday , Danny spoke via Skype . Wearing headphones and locked in a white-walled room , he showed off a mortar that had landed nearby : "  We are human beings , we 're like animals being killed here . ... I am scared a rocket might land in this room and kill me . "  Women and children have got used to seeing blood and body parts in the street . They are really afraid . "  The Syrian army is surrounding Babr Ama with army troops and tanks and anti-aircraft . They have been bombarding us with rockets . "  There are snipers all around these buildings . Anyone who tries to come up the street will get shot . We always walk along the wall so the sniper does not see us . " In video dispatches posted on YouTube , Danny showed a military vehicle he said was captured by rebel fighters , civilians living in cramped rooms , bodies carpeting floors -- and his own growing desperation . Survivors are trapped , dodging snipers and heavy arms fire from tanks surrounding the city , and waiting to see if the army advances . The rebel Free Syrian Army -- containing soldiers who defected from Assad 's military to join the rebels -- is unable to fight back because government forces are striking from outside the city beyond the range of their small arms , Abu Rami said . "  Who 's going to resist ? You ca n't see anything , so there is not any armed resistance in these areas , " he said . Parts of the city are without power . Sometimes the security forces shut down electricity and telecommunications networks ahead of early morning raids to root out opposition members . "  If you 're in a place where they cut off the power or the phones , you know you 're in trouble , " Abu Rami said . There is a shortage of everything from children 's milk formula to oil for heating , and he says security forces are preventing medical aid from reaching dying citizens . Standing in a shelled street , Danny yells into his camera : "  Where 's the U.N. ? , where 's the humanity , where is America ? " CNN 's Ivan Watson , CNN Wire staff and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report	Rebels and civilians holed up in the besieged Syrian city are dying under a relentless barrage of rocket fire Activist : They are going to kill us all and if you do n't help us , they 'll kill millions Homs is at the heart of an anti-government uprising and now feeling the full force of its retaliation Videos show bodies pulled from the rubble of an attack and loaded onto flatbed trucks
LAS VEGAS , Nevada  CNN  -- Cell phones and TVs converging with the Internet ? That 's so 2008 . The next big tech trend may be the marriage of computer technology to your car or truck . This spring , Ford will offer a dashboard computing system on its full-size pickups and E-series vans . This month , Hyundai is launching a system that warns motorists when they drift out of the lane they 're traveling in . Another manufacturer has developed pedestrian-detection software that works with heat-seeking cameras to alert drivers when someone is in their path . In March , Ford will release a fully functional , dashboard computer -- complete with keyboard -- geared to contractors and other business folks who want to access the Web , review documents and log inventory while on the go . In the spring , AT&T will launch an in-car entertainment service with 22 satellite TV channels . Industry executives hope the new technological bells and whistles will put some sizzle back into stagnant vehicle sales . "  Consumers want a vehicle that 's always on and always connected , " said Kieran O'Sullivan , vice president at Continental Automotive Systems , which supplies parts and technology to automakers . In the near future , he said , "  consumers and carmakers will be able to customize the -LSB- dashboard -RSB- instrument panel to their individual tastes the same way that people customize their mobile phones . " O'Sullivan spoke Thursday at a panel discussion at the International Consumer Electronics Show subtitled , "  The Automobile 's Convergence with Consumer Electronics . " Panelists , including executives from Microsoft , Nokia and GM 's OnStar service , agreed the industry is just beginning to tap the potential of in-car computing . "  We 'll someday use this information technology in ways we ca n't even predict today , " said Tom Phillips , general manager of Microsoft 's automotive unit . "  To me , we 're in the infancy in terms of the amount of evolution that 's going to occur . " As consumers are growing accustomed to having mobile Internet through their smart phones , more car buyers are seeking connectivity in their vehicles that will allow them to move seamlessly between their digital lives at work and home , panelists said . Half of the new vehicles sold in the United States are now compatible with MP3 players and 80 percent can connect with wireless Bluetooth headsets , said automotive technology expert John Waraniak , who served as the panel 's moderator . iReport.com : Are you attending CES ? General Motors ' OnStar service , which can remotely unlock car doors , reduce gas flow to a stolen vehicle or dial 911 if a car is involved in a crash , now has almost 6 million subscribers . Toyota said this week it plans to launch a similar driver-assist program on certain models beginning this summer . Not to be outdone , Ford 's similar Sync system , which now comes standard on many vehicles , is adding voice-activated , on-demand traffic , sports and weather reports , plus GPS-assisted navigation . In a keynote speech Thursday at CES , Ford CEO Alan Mulally said the automaker is learning to think more like an electronics company . Ford will begin installing its Works Solutions package on its full-size pickups and E-series vans this spring . The dashboard computing system costs $ 1,195 plus a monthly Web access fee , has a 6-inch touch screen and runs on Windows . It will allow electricians and other contractors to create Excel spreadsheets , print invoices and even access other computers . "  Ford is truly making the office mobile , " said Ford product development manager Bill Frykman while demonstrating the system Thursday to reporters in an F-150 parked in a large tent outside the Las Vegas Convention Center . "  This bridges the gap between the full laptop and a smart phone . " Meanwhile , an entire hall at CES is devoted to the latest in automotive technology , from portable navigation units to rear-mounted cameras which , with the help of a dashboard screen , allow the driver to see what 's immediately behind his vehicle while backing up . Here 's a quick peek at some other automotive technology on display at CES this week : -- FLIR Systems , Inc. makes a thermal-imaging camera , an option on BMW 's 6-series sedans , with a new pedestrian-detection feature . When the camera detects a heat source in the shape of a human being , the on-board computer alerts the driver by highlighting the pedestrian in yellow on the dashboard screen . -- AT&T 's CruiseCast service brings 22 satellite TV channels to your vehicle with the help of a small rooftop antenna , augmented by video-buffering technology that supposedly maintains the signal underneath overpasses and trees . It will cost $ 1,299 plus a $ 28 monthly fee and is being pitched to parents with kids and pre-game tailgaters . "  It 's an extension of your living room , " said Jackie Lapin , a spokeswoman for AT&T . -- Nervous about handing the car keys to your 16-year-old ? The CarChip  $ 119  plugs into any post-1995 model vehicle and records 300 hours of how the car has been driven , including mileage , speed , braking and acceleration . Parents can remove the chip , download its data to a computer and use the information to verify driving agreements with their teens . Newer features even let parents set restrictions on their kids ' driving . "  If you want to set it at a certain speed -- say , ' I do n't want my kid going over 65 mph ' -- it 'll beep at them until they slow down , " said Michael Copeland , sales manager for manufacturer Davis Instruments . -- Hyundai 's latest vehicles can be outfitted with a system that detects when a car is drifting across lanes , then sounds a buzzer or vibrates the wheel to alert the driver . Some Hyundai vehicles also contain ultrasonic sensors that help drivers to park by measuring the distance between a car and other objects . In fact , the next generation of automotive technology may employ automatic steering and braking systems that relieve drivers of much of the responsibility for , well , driving . "  Maybe 15 years from now , cars will drive themselves . That 's certainly a goal some companies have , " said Jay James of FLIR Systems . "  It 's not just ` Jetsons ' stuff now . It 's really starting to happen . " Some 2,700 exhibitors and 130,000 attendees are in Las Vegas , Nevada , for CES , the nation 's largest consumer electronics trade show . The event runs through Sunday . The 2009 North American International Auto Show follows next week in Detroit , Michigan .	More automakers are shipping vehicles with computerized features , Web access Features include pedestrian-detecting cameras , on-demand traffic reports Ford to include Web-enabled dashboard computer in full-size pickups , vans
CNN  -- You ca n't change Washington from the inside . President Obama was criticized for stating that simple truth during the campaign , but without Americans organizing in support of the issues they believe in , lobbyists and special interests will drive the agenda in Washington . At this crossroads for our economy , we ca n't afford business as usual . That 's why we 've formed Organizing for Action , to ensure that the voices of the majority of Americans who voted for policies that will strengthen the middle class will be heard . ` Obama for America ' morphs into ` Organizing for Action ' As we worked for change during the president 's first term , we saw special interests spend unprecedented amounts in an attempt to persuade Congress to vote against policies the American people voted for . History is repeating itself . Gun manufacturers are well represented . The NRA is running advertisements to defeat common sense gun safety measures like universal background checks , which more than 90 % of Americans support . Groups with unnamed backers are advocating against comprehensive immigration reform . We have no plans to shrug this off and tell those Americans organizing their communities to stand down . While the president delivered the State of the Union address , volunteers at more than 1,200 events were asking their friends and neighbors to join them in ensuring that agenda is enacted . Since Organizing for Action was established six weeks ago , volunteers have held more than 100 events in more than 80 congressional districts demanding a yes vote on the president 's plan to curb gun violence . Whether it 's participating in a social media campaign or hosting a press conference , 964,000 Americans have already mobilized through Organizing for Action -- and we 've ensured they have the tools they need to get the attention they deserve . Push-back from some quarters has been fierce . Members of Congress who are used to just worrying about a few interest groups will face broader based opposition because of organizing efforts by Organizing for Action volunteers around the country . Those who previously had special access will no longer be unchallenged . There has been some confusion about what Organizing for Action is and is not . Organizing for Action is an issue advocacy group , not an electoral one . We 'll mobilize to support the president 's agenda , but we wo n't do so on behalf of political candidates . The president has always believed that special interests have undue influence over the policymaking process , and the mission of this organization is to rebalance the power structure . Obama supporters launch ad campaign to push gun proposals While Organizing for Action is a nonprofit social welfare organization that faces a lower disclosure threshold than a political campaign , we believe in being open and transparent . That 's why every donor who gives $ 250 or more to this organization will be disclosed on the website with the exact amount they give on a quarterly basis . We have now decided not to accept contributions from corporations , federal lobbyists or foreign donors . Supporters of Organizing for Action will dedicate their time to mobilize their friends and neighbors on behalf of the president 's agenda . Whether you 're a volunteer or a donor , we ca n't and we wo n't guarantee access to any government officials . But just as the president and administration officials deliver updates on the legislative process to Americans and organizations across the ideological spectrum , there may be occasions when members of Organizing for Action are included in those updates . These are not opportunities to lobby -- they are briefings on the positions the president has taken and the status of seeing them through . Special interests should n't have a stranglehold on the policymaking process . Too many Americans worked too hard over the past six years to ensure that the middle class gets a fair shot to stop now . For every lobbying group that puts a dollar on the air tearing down the president 's agenda , an Organizing for Action volunteer will mobilize to counter it . Instead of coming from the highest paid lobbyists on K Street , change will come from Americans organizing across the nation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jim Messina	Jim Messina : Post-election , a new organization aims to advance Obama 's agenda He says goal is to counter well-funded special interests that do n't represent majority views An example : Gun lobbyists fighting background checks 90 % in U.S. support , he says Messina : Group will shun funds from corporations , lobbyists , will represent Americans
Syria may be embroiled in a brutal three-year civil war , but that 's not stopping the government from holding controversial presidential elections this week . The election , which has been branded a sham by the West and by the Syrian opposition , is widely expected to return President Bashar al-Assad to power . CNN International Correspondent Frederik Pleitgen has reported from inside Syria numerous times during the conflict , which has left an estimated 150,000 people dead . He breaks down the key questions ahead of Tuesday 's election . Why is it happening now ? The government says Syria 's new constitution stipulates that presidential elections must be held now . The regime says it shows the country is moving forward and that it is the first time a president will be elected by the people rather than appointed . The opposition says the election is a fraud , that voting will be rigged and that the poll serves only to cement Assad 's power . Who are the other candidates ? The other two candidates are relative unknowns . One is Maher Hajjar , an entrepreneur and member of parliament . He keeps out of the limelight and has not been heard from much . Hajjar 's election posters declare that "  Syria is with Palestine , " which seems like a very narrow slogan . Other than that it is unclear what he would change should he win . The more intriguing candidate is Hassan Nouri , a former economics professor and cabinet minister who told me he had to resign because he was too critical of Assad 's government . Nouri studied at the University of Wisconsin and still refers to himself as a Badger . He says the election is an uphill battle for him , but feels he is making headway . His main message is economic . He is for market liberalization and fighting corruption in government and in the private sector . But when it comes to fighting Syria 's civil war , Nouri says he would n't do anything differently -- and much like Assad , he refers to the regime 's three-year assault on the opposition as "  fighting terrorism . " Are they for real ? It 's very hard to tell whether Assad 's opponents are for real . They certainly do n't seem to stand much of a chance , but Hassan Nouri says he is fighting . We talked to many people on the streets of Damascus and Homs , and many had never heard of the other two candidates . But as far as the campaigns are concerned , both of them are very present . There are many Hajjar and Nouri election posters up in Damascus , even though there are a lot more for Bashar al Assad 's re-election . Assad 's campaign slogan is "  unity " and he is trying to portray himself as a reluctant leader who is only running for office again because the people want him to . One of his election posters declares , "  It is not your choice , the people have chosen you . " It is hard to imagine that either candidate has a chance against Assad , but their campaigns certainly do not look like they are being repressed . What should we look out for ? The big threat is that there could be widespread violence on election day . The opposition says the poll is a sham and that it will be a major target . Early voting at the Syrian embassy in Beirut had a massive turnout , but will that be replicated inside the country ? If the turnout is high , that would indicate people in the areas where voting is possible take it seriously -- and opposition candidate Nouri says the election ca n't be considered valid if turnout is lower than 50 percent . Will the election be monitored ? Syria 's Deputy Foreign Minister Faisal al Mekdad told me there wo n't be any monitors from the U.S. , the EU , or the OSCE , but he did say that monitors from "  other countries " will be present . Mekdad said the presence of monitors would also depend on the security situations in certain parts of the country . What percentage of Syrians will be able to vote ? It 's almost impossible to say . Nearly 3 million Syrians have been forced to flee the country and more than 6.5 million are internally displaced . It will obviously be difficult for them to vote . Large swathes of Syria 's north and northeast , as well as some places in the south , are not under government control and there will be no election in those areas . There are some who say people could leave those areas and come over to the government side to vote , but that seems pretty utopian . Voting will be possible in government-controlled areas , but it is not clear what percentage of the population actually still resides in these places . Is it dangerous to vote ? It is dangerous to vote in certain places . In areas along the Syrian coast like Tartus and Latakia it will not be too dangerous because they are firmly under the control of the government . But elsewhere there will be major security concerns as voters will be weary of the threat of car bombs and shelling at polling stations within range of rebel mortars . What will change ? It is not clear what , if anything , will change as a result of this election . The agreement signed in Geneva earlier this year called for an inclusive body to govern Syria through a transitional period . The Syrian opposition and the West say the transitional period means that Assad must resign -- but while the regime acknowledges that institutions must be reshuffled to accommodate the opposition to some degree , it says Assad must stay at the helm . If Assad wins the election as expected , the prospect of him stepping down as part of a deal would seem even less likely than it does now . Why would someone "  elected by the people " leave his post ? That would be the argument coming out of Damascus . And the fact Assad now has the upper hand militarily in most places makes it even less likely he 'll step down any time soon .	President Bashar al-Assad widely expected to be returned to power in Tuesday election West and Syrian rebels say large swathes of war-torn country wo n't be able to vote Nearly 3 million have fled Syria ; another 6.5 million have been internally displaced by war Opposition presidential candidate says election only valid if at least 50 percent of country votes
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor said Monday that her hotly disputed judicial philosophy is , in fact , quite simple : Remain faithful to the law . Judge Sonia Sotomayor speaks Monday to the Senate panel considering her nomination to the Supreme Court . "  In the past month , many senators have asked me about my judicial philosophy , " Sotomayor told members of the Senate Judiciary Committee during her opening statement at her confirmation hearings . "  It is simple : fidelity to the law . The task of a judge is not to make law , it is to apply the law . And it is clear , I believe , that my record ... reflects my rigorous commitment to interpreting the Constitution according to its terms , interpreting statutes according to their terms and Congress 's intent and hewing faithfully to precedents established by the Supreme Court and by my Circuit Court . In each case I have heard , I have applied the law to the facts at hand . " Sotomayor said the "  process of judging is enhanced when the arguments and concerns of the parties to the litigation are understood and acknowledged . " That , she noted , "  is why I generally structure my opinions by setting out what the law requires and then explaining why a contrary position , sympathetic or not , is accepted or rejected . That is how I seek to strengthen both the rule of law and faith in the impartiality of our judicial system . " Watch Sotomayor talk about her judicial philosophy " Sotomayor argued that her "  personal and professional experiences help -LSB- her -RSB- listen and understand , with the law always commanding the result in every case . " Watch Sotomayor 's remarks to the Senators " Some of Sotomayor 's critics have argued that she has allowed her rulings to be swayed by factors such as ethnicity and race . Sotomayor , a federal appellate judge , would be the first Hispanic justice on the Supreme Court if her nomination is approved by the Judiciary Committee and the full Senate . She would be the 111th person to sit on the nation 's highest court , and the third woman justice . Watch Sotomayor take the oath " Sotomayor , her foot in a cast from breaking her ankle a week after President Obama nominated her in May , sat impassively as senators detailed a deep divide between majority Democrats and minority Republicans on whether she is the best choice to fill the vacancy left by Justice David Souter 's retirement . In an emotional moment in the beginning of her remarks , Sotomayor singled out her mother , who attended the hearing . "  I am here today because of her aspirations and sacrifices , " she said . "  Mom , I love that we are sharing this together . " Watch Sotomayor credit her mother " The first Supreme Court confirmation hearing of the Obama presidency began Monday with leading Democrats and Republicans signaling a fierce ideological debate over Sotomayor 's qualifications to sit on the high court . It attracted a packed gallery and was disrupted three times by protesters shouting anti-abortion sentiments . Democrats praised Sotomayor 's extensive experience as a judge , which they called the most by any Supreme Court nominee in a century . They insisted her record showed she has been a modest jurist who consistently applied the rule of law . "  Judge Sotomayor 's journey to this hearing room is a truly American story , " committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , said after gaveling the first session to order . "  Let no one demean this extraordinary woman . " Leahy also ripped conservative "  ideological pressure groups " for "  distorting " Sotomayor 's record and opposing a woman who "  will be a justice for all Americans . " He noted she was first nominated to the federal bench by a Republican president , George H.W. Bush . Watch Leahy praise Sotomayor " However , Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama , the committee 's ranking Republican , said Sotomayor represents the kind of activist judge that threatens the traditional foundation of the U.S. legal system . Sessions , a former attorney general in his home state , challenged the attribute of empathy cited by President Obama in nominating Sotomayor . "  Call it empathy , call it prejudice , call it sympathy -- whatever it is , it is not law , " Sessions said . iReport.com : Share your thoughts on the Sotomayor hearings In particular , Sessions quoted Sotomayor from past speeches in which she said a wise Latina woman should be able to reach a better ruling than a white man , saying it showed an inherent bias . "  I want to be clear : I will not vote for and no senator should vote for an individual nominated by any president who is not fully committed to fairness and impartiality toward every person who appears before them , " Sessions said . Watch Sessions call Sotomayor nomination "  critical " " Other Republicans conceded that Sotomayor was likely to win confirmation because Democrats hold a majority in both the Judiciary Committee and the full Senate , but questioned whether her judicial philosophy was for activism or applying the rule of law . "  Unless you have a complete meltdown , you 're going to get confirmed , " Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , said . He described Sotomayor as "  someone of good character , " but he questioned her "  wise Latina " comment as a possible indication of bias based on gender or race . Watch Graham tell Sotomayor Republicans are "  unnerved " by her speeches " "  If I said anything remotely like that , my career would have been over , " Graham said , adding that "  it just bothers me when somebody wearing a robe takes the robe off and says their experience makes them better than someone else . " Democrats called such concern unjustified , saying Sotomayor 's record showed she was fair in applying the law as written . Read about some of Sotomayor 's key rulings " "  I 'm not sure how many of this panel can sit here today and seriously suggest that she comes to the bench with a personal agenda , " said Sen. Charles Schumer of New York , noting her history showed no pattern of favoritism or bias for anyone . Other Democrats complained that Chief Justice John Roberts , nominated by Republican President George W. Bush in 2005 , has been a conservative activist on the Supreme Court . Find out how Sotomayor compares to current justices " Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse , D-Rhode Island , quoted CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin 's statement that "  in every major case since he became the nation 's 17th chief justice , Roberts has sided with the prosecution over the defendant , the state over the condemned , the executive branch over the legislative and the corporate defendant over the individual plaintiff . " "  And is it a coincidence that this pattern , to continue Toobin 's quote , has served the interests and reflected the values of the contemporary Republican Party ? " Whitehouse said . "  Some coincidence . " Three brief outbursts occurred as different Democratic senators gave opening statements . In one , an unidentified man shouted : "  What about the unborn , senator ? Abortion is murder . Stop the genocide of unborn Latinos . " Another , later in the session , repeatedly shouted : "  Abortion is murder . " While the nation 's newest senator , Al Franken of Minnesota , made his inaugural committee statement , a woman and man shouted "  you 're wrong " at his reference to a woman 's reproductive health and rights . The woman , Norma McCorvey , is better known as "  Jane Roe " from the Supreme Court case Roe v. Wade . McCorvey , once a supporter of abortion rights , was the lead plaintiff in the 1973 ruling establishing a constitutional right to abortion . In all three cases , Leahy immediately ordered the protesters removed from the hearing room . Watch protester disrupt hearing " If history is a guide , Sotomayor appears certain to get Senate approval with mostly Democratic support . When she won Senate confirmation for the federal appellate court in 1998 , there were 29 "  no " votes , all cast by Republicans . CNN 's William Mears and Peter Hamby contributed to this story	NEW : Judge 's role "  not to make law , it is to apply the law , " Sotomayor tells panel Democrats praise Sonia Sotomayor 's experience and dedication to rule of law Republicans say she 's the kind of activist judge that threatens legal traditions Sotomayor 's journey "  a truly American story , " committee chairman says
CNN  -- Ukrainians angry at their government 's last-minute decision to suspend talks with the EU clashed for a second day with police in the capital Kiev on Monday . A day earlier , tens of thousands of protesters tried to break through a cordon around government buildings . On both occasions , police responded with batons and tear gas to disperse them . At the heart of the protests is Ukraine 's about-turn after a year of insisting that it was intent on signing a historic political and trade agreement with the European Union , On Thursday , however , the government decided to suspend talks with the EU . Ukraine 's president , Viktor Yanukovych , is in a tight spot . Under severe economic pressure from Ukraine 's giant neighbor , Russia , not to join the EU , he also was facing a key EU demand that he was unwilling to meet : free former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko , his bitter political opponent . Two years ago , she was found guilty of abuse of office in a Russian gas deal and sentenced to seven years in prison in a case widely seen as politically motivated . Her supporters say she needs to travel abroad for medical treatment . "  Yanukovych has decided it 's more important to keep Tymoshenko in prison than to integrate Ukraine closer toward Europe , " said David Kramer of Freedom House , a U.S.-based nongovernmental organization . "  He has left his country vulnerable to Vladimir Putin 's threats and pressure . That will be Yanukovych 's legacy if he does n't reverse course . " The deal , the EU 's "  Eastern Partnership , " was aimed at creating closer political and economic ties and fostering economic growth among the nations of Eastern Europe and the Caucasus , including Ukraine , Moldova , Georgia , Armenia , Azerbaijan and Belarus . The agreement was expected to be signed this week at a summit in in Vilnius , Lithuania . CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	Police respond with batons and tear gas Ukraine 's president , Viktor Yanukovych , is in a tight spot Russia is pressuring him to not join the EU The EU wants him to release his bitter political opponent
A Kentucky firefighter has died , weeks after participating in an ALS Ice Bucket Challenge that went horribly wrong . Electricity from a power line shocked four firefighters on a ladder as they sprayed water on a group of college students below who were trying to pull off the charity stunt . Crews from the Fire and Rescue Department in Campbellsville were helping the Campbellsville University band with their video "  Challenge " August 21 . Capt. Tony Grider died Saturday from burn-related injuries , according to dispatcher Mark Coker with the Campbellsville-Tyler 911 Center . The 41-year-old 's body was driven , accompanied by an official escort , to his hometown of Columbia , Kentucky , and transferred to Grissom-Martin Funeral Home . There are no details yet about his funeral , Coker said . The fire department posted a message on Facebook which included a "  thank you " from Grider 's family to the nurses and doctors who tried to save his life , and the firefighters who spent time at the hospital hoping that he would recover . Grider leaves behind a wife and children . They all lived in the same home with his parents in Columbia . Firefighter Simon Alex Quinn , also injured in the Ice Bucket Challenge , was released from the hospital Tuesday , according to Coker . During the ALS stunt , Grider and Quinn were inside a bucket on a ladder above the students . When they finished dumping water , the students left and the firefighters began moving the ladder , authorities told CNN . The bucket came close to power lines and shocked the men , officials said . Two firefighters who were on the ground -- Capt. Steve Marrs , 37 , and Alex Johnson , 28 -- were shocked when they tried to lower the bucket and an electric current traveled down the extended ladder , Campbellsville Police Chief Tim Hazlette said at the time . Marrs and Johnson were taken to the hospital and later released , he said . Friend of man behind challenge dies An investigation is ongoing . Hazlette told CNN in August that the ladder did not actually touch the power lines . The power company told investigators that if one gets within a distance of three to four feet from a power line , the energy that surrounds the voltage wire can arc and electrocute other objects , Hazlette told CNN . That 's what authorities believe happened in this case . Celebs embrace Ice Bucket Challenge	Capt. Tony Grider died Saturday of burn-related injuries , authorities said Another injured firefighter was released from the hospital Tuesday , official said An electricity arc shocked firefighters on extension ladder , police chief said Firefighters were dumping water on college students ; no students were injured
CNN  -- Former child star and radio personality Danny Bonaduce is nursing a nasty bite mark after a fan latched onto his face at a Washington state casino Friday night . Bonaduce , who hosts a morning show on KZOK in Seattle , was making an appearance at the casino when a woman asked for a kiss . "  The first lady in line ... says ' I love your radio show . I loved you on the "  Partridge Family . " Can you kiss me ? ' And I said , ` Sure , ' " Bonaduce told CNN affiliate KIRO-TV . That 's when , according to Bonaduce , the woman wrapped both arms around his head and sunk her teeth into his check , near his left ear . "  They were tiny little Chucky teeth . Man , they just gnawed like piranhas , " Bonaduce said . "  People are trying to pull her off me ... I 'm screaming like a baby . " Chucky is a reference to the villain in the "  Child 's Play " horror film series about a murderous , possessed doll with a bad attitude and a mouth full of sharp chompers . "  It was so painful , " said Bonaduce , who was also at the casino to serve as master of ceremonies for a concert by Hells Belles , an all-female AC/DC tribute band . "  It was ... as if someone wadded up 10 lit cigarettes and stuck them on your face , but they did n't go out , they just stayed that hot . " Bonaduce said his first thought after the attack was "  bath salts . " Bath salts are a class of designer drugs that contain amphetamine-like chemicals and were initially blamed in a May attack in Miami in which a naked man chewed off part of another man 's face . Tests later showed the man had smoked pot . Bonaduce said he wo n't file charges in the attack , saying he 's certain the woman had lost her grasp on reality . "  I think she was truly , truly delusional . I do n't think she had any idea what she did . " CNN 's Maggie Schneider contributed to this report .	A fan asked for a kiss and then bit him on the cheek Bonaduce starred on the 1970s TV show "  The Partidge Family " His attacker had "  tiny little Chucky teeth , " he says
CNN  -- Raspberry Pi , the tiny , ultra-cheap , Linux-based PC , went on sale Monday in the U.S. through retailer Allied Electronics , but it 's already out of stock . The A version of the computer , which only costs $ 25 , has 256MB of RAM , a single USB 2.0 socket , an HDMI , SD card , and 3.5 audio sockets , but no Ethernet port . Available only through Allied , the A is now completely out of stock for U.S. customers . The $ 35 Raspberry Pi B is also out of stock at Allied , but it can be bought through Newark , another retailer , which only carries that particular model . Why everybody wants a slice of Raspberry Pi The Raspberry Pi 's more powerful version has 512MB of RAM , two USB 2.0 sockets and an Ethernet port . Both the A and B are equipped with an ARM processor and are amazingly small â $ " approximately the size of a credit card â $ " making them suitable for a variety of applications in education and DIY systems . Raspberry Pi A launched in Europe in February of last year to heavy demand , followed by a launch in Asia last week . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Raspberry Pi , the tiny , ultra-cheap , Linux-based PC , went on sale Monday in the U.S. One model of the computer is already completely out of stock The PC is the size of a credit card and costs only $ 25 or $ 35 , depending on model
CNN  -- A blistering heat wave retreated to the south Wednesday , bringing some relief to the Ohio Valley and northeastern United States . The number of states under heat advisories has diminished to 12 -- half the number earlier in the week . Dangerous heat is expected across parts of northern Texas through Thursday evening , according to the National Weather Service . Dallas , Fort Worth , Arlington and other areas will experience afternoon heat indices of 105 degrees or more through Thursday . Other states still sweltering under heat advisories include Oklahoma , Louisiana , Arkansas , Missouri , Tennessee , Mississippi , Alabama , Georgia , South Carolina , North Carolina and Virginia . Many Tennesseans should expect the heat index to be between 110 and 114 degrees for the rest of the week , according to the National Weather Service . "  I just had to stop once in a while and catch a breath , it was just that tough to breathe , " said Marion , Illinois , resident Ceasar Maragni , who opted to stay inside Tuesday after a swampy Monday evening trip to the Williamson County Fair . Even the frozen lemonade vendor was lagging with few customers in the nearly 100-degree evening heat , he said . Other areas of the country not under heat advisories touted new record highs Tuesday . Newark , New Jersey , broke its previous record of 98 , set in 1966 , when it hit 99 degrees . JFK Airport and Islip , New York , did the same , reporting 97 and 93 degrees respectively , beating 1993 records of 94 degrees at JFK and 91 in Islip . In central Oklahoma , temperatures in some places shot past the 100 mark for the 14th consecutive day Tuesday . Highs in much of the state are likely to flirt with triple-digits for almost another week , according to the National Weather Service . High demand for water amid the heat wave and problems with soil shrinking as the ground warms has resulted in burst pipes and low water pressure in Oklahoma City . This prompted officials to issue mandatory water-use restrictions for the first time in at least a decade , according to utilities department spokeswoman Debbie Ragan . More than 200 people have suffered from heat-related emergencies in Tulsa and Oklahoma City since June 17 , when the agency issued its first heat alert , said Lara O'Leary , spokeswoman for the Emergency Medical Services Authority of Oklahoma . The heat has been so extreme that a portion of the Cimarron Turnpike in Pawnee County , Oklahoma , buckled on Sunday , creating a 2-foot ramp that sent a motorcyclist flying 150 feet through the air . In addition to the discomfort and potential danger , the heat could wreak havoc on crops , especially corn , said Chad Hart , assistant professor of agricultural economics at Iowa State University . The heat wave comes at a sensitive time for corn , he said . "  That 's why markets are watching the heat wave . We 're entering a period of time when corn pollinates , and so if you get a heat wave in the early - to mid-part of July across Iowa , Illinois and Indiana , it can have a big impact , " he said . "  The last time we had a big heat wave and drought was in 1988 , and that year we saw corn production fall off by over 30 % ... so if we think of where we are today with already-high corn prices , a true drought scenario can push prices to highs we 've never seen before . " Temperatures will return to nearly normal summertime levels by Wednesday throughout the Northeast , said Chris Vaccaro , a spokesman for the National Weather Service . High pressure over the Plains is keeping the weather pattern stable , allowing heat to build . A cooler , dryer weather system is nibbling at the northern edges of the heat wave , threatening to exchange high temperatures for potentially dangerous thunderstorms , according to forecasters . There 's not quite so much relief in store for residents of the lower Midwest and South . "  This has been going on all weekend and will continue into this week , " Vaccaro said . In Oklahoma City , forecasters are calling for nearly another full week of temperatures near or above 100 degrees , threatening to break a 1936 record for 22 consecutive days of such heat . Nighttime will bring little solace . While record - and near-record daytime highs are being set , many areas are also experiencing record warm lows at night . For instance , the low temperature of 83 recorded early Tuesday in North Little Rock , Arkansas , set a new record for the warmest low in July , Vaccaro said . Warm nights are a problem for people without air conditioning , he said . "  If you 're exposed to the outside elements , your body ca n't cool down at night , " he said . The heat has already claimed at least one victim , a 51-year-old man in Granite City , Illinois , who died Sunday because of the excessive heat , according to the Madison County coroner . Forecasters say people should limit outdoor activity during the hottest portions of the day , wear lightweight clothing , drink plenty of water and be watchful for signs of heat exhaustion , which include heavy sweating , pale and clammy skin , weak pulse , fainting and vomiting . CNN 's Monica O'Connor , Meteorologist Jacqui Jeras , Ed Payne , Karen Smith and Chelsea Bailey contributed to this report .	The National Weather Service has taken down heat advisories in some states High pressure over the Plains is keeping the weather pattern stable , allowing heat to build The heat wave could harm crops , especially corn Parts of New Jersey and New York also reported record highs
CNN  -- "  High School Musical " star Ashley Tisdale is now Mrs. Christopher French . The 29-year-old actress married French , the lead singer of the band Annie Automatic , on Monday . According to E! , Tisdale and French followed in the footsteps of stars like Brad Pitt , Angelina Jolie and Neil Patrick Harris and kept their ceremony relatively private . The reported 100 guests in attendance are said to have been shuttled to the wedding 's private venue from a different location in an attempt to keep the nuptials under wraps . Once the vows were exchanged , Tisdale had no problem sharing the news with the world . "  Best day of my life ! " Tisdale posted to Instagram , along with one of her wedding photos . "  Introducing Mr and Mrs French Sept 8 , 2014 Shot by @corbingurkin . " With another "  High School Musical " actress , Vanessa Hudgens , part of the bridal party , the wedding was like a mini cast reunion . One person missing ? Zac Efron . While the actor could n't make it , he did send the newlyweds a note of congratulations . Tisdale 's apparently been inundated with warm regards . "  Thanks for all your well wishes , " Tisdale tweeted Wednesday . "  I 'm feeling so grateful and blessed . So honored and proud to be Mrs French : love you all #myhusbandishot . "	Ashley Tisdale weds musician Christopher French this week "  High School Musical " co-star Vanessa Hudgens was part of the bridal party Another former co-star , Zac Efron , sent his warm regards
CNN  -- North and South Korea reached agreement Friday on where to temporarily reunite families separated by the Korean War nearly 60 years ago , the Yonhap news agency said . Earlier talks had bogged down over where to hold the reunions . They will be held from October 30 to November 5 at the two countries ' joint mountain resort in the North , Mount Kumgang . Negotiators met Friday in the North Korean border town of Kaesong . No further details were immediately available about the reunions or the talks . Millions of families were separated by the Korean War , which ended in 1953 with a cease-fire , but without a formal peace treaty . About 10,000 people applied to take part in a similar reunion last year , but fewer than 200 families were allowed to participate . Family members wept as they saw one another for the first time in decades . No mail , telephone or e-mail exchanges exist between ordinary citizens across the Korean border . The families were allowed to spend a few days together before the South Koreans had to return home . Fewer than 21,000 family members have reunited since 2000 , when North and South held their first summit , Yonhap said . About one-fifth of them have reunited via video .	NEW : The families will reunite at the two countries ' joint mountain resort in the North NEW : The meetings will be held from October 30 to November 5 Families have been divided for nearly 60 years Fewer than 200 families were allowed to reunite at the last event
Despite the ray of good news in Thursday 's Geneva agreement on steps to de-escalate the crisis in Ukraine , President Obama was right to sound a note of caution , observing that "  I do n't think we can be sure of anything at this point . " The deal , reached by Russia , Ukraine and the West , called for , among other things , disarming illegally armed pro-Russian demonstrators in eastern Ukraine , and the surrender of the government buildings they have seized . These are good and essential first steps , but unless they can now be implemented as a basis on which the parties can move to further , bolder steps to reverse underlying trends , Ukraine could still slide into civil war . If this happened , how would it affect American national interests ? Could Ukraine become a 21st century echo of the Balkans in the 1990s , when the collapse of Yugoslavia saw a decade of war between Serbs , Croatians , Bosnians and Kosovars ?  No one should forget that just a century ago Ukraine was sucked into a tragic , bloody civil war shortly after gaining independence in the aftermath of the Russian Revolution . There is a saying that history never repeats itself , but it does sometimes rhyme . Fortunately , full-blown civil war in Ukraine still seems unlikely -- mainly because one side , the Ukrainian government , appears both unable and unwilling to fight . Nonetheless , it 's not hard to sketch a scenario in which war is the outcome -- and from that to envision a further scenario in which the U.S. finds itself drawn into a direct confrontation .  More on that in a moment . As we have seen in the past two weeks in eastern Ukraine , Russian speakers -- acting either spontaneously , or at the behest of Russian security services , or both -- have taken control of government buildings in 10 cities in Ukraine 's eastern provinces of Donetsk , Luhansk and Kharkiv . Ukrainian military , security and police forces are so impotent , demoralized and compromised by Russian infiltration that their response has so far been pathetic . This week , the New York Times reported on the Ukrainian government 's "  glaring humiliation , " when a military operation to confront pro-Russian militants instead saw Ukraine 's 21 armored vehicles separating into two columns , surrendering or retreating . In several instances , when confronted by pro-Russian crowds , soldiers and policemen have even switched sides . If Thursday 's deal unravels and Ukrainian authorities remain unable to restore basic law and order , the pro-Russian demonstrators occupying buildings will be emboldened to expand their reach . Further steps may include the demonstrators setting up an independent "  republic " in the three Eastern regions and seeking to drive out forces loyal to Ukraine 's interim government , provoking the Kiev government to respond with greater force , and then calling in Russian troops to defend them against what they will claim to be "  fascists " from western Ukraine . Responding to a crackdown , Russian security forces would likely provide arms and other assistance to the Russian speakers , claiming that such a call for assistance from "  compatriots " is impossible to ignore . As conflict intensifies , western Ukrainians , perhaps even Poles or other Europeans , could come to the aid of Ukraine . In this spiral , one thing could lead to the next , ending in significant bloodshed in eastern Ukraine , and perhaps even spreading beyond . Widespread violence or civil war would certainly be a calamity for Ukrainians . But would its consequences for American national interests require an American military response ? Fortunately for Americans , the answer is no . In 2008 , when Russia crushed Georgia in a short war that ended in Russia 's recognition of independence for the former Georgian territories of South Ossetia and Abkhazia , that was President George W Bush 's answer . As the ongoing civil war in Syria has claimed more than 150,000 lives , neither President Obama nor his most ardent critics , like Arizona Sen. John McCain , have judged this such an extreme threat to U.S. interests that Americans must kill and to die to stop it . That the U.S. does not have vital national interests in Ukraine will not mean that the U.S. has no national interest in holding Moscow accountable for violating territorial integrity assurances that Russia and the U.S. gave to Ukraine in 1994 in persuading it to give up nuclear weapons . Indeed , if left to take its course , this crisis has the potential to fuel further developments that engage core American national interests . For example , if Crimea becomes Putin 's precedent for creeping annexation in which Russia-instigated Russian speakers occupy government buildings , liberate a territory and establish a relationship with Russia , where will this stop ? Could the 25 % of the population in Latvia who are Russian speakers be tempted  or coaxed  to follow suit ?  Both Latvians and Russians vividly recall that in 1940 Stalin annexed Latvia , Lithuania and Estonia , nations that regained their independence only in 1991 when the Soviet Union collapsed . Russian military intervention in Latvia , even under the guise of special forces in green garb without insignia , would almost certainly be engaged by Latvian military and police . If Russian security forces came to the assistance of their brethren in Latvia , as they would be likely to do , this would mean a direct confrontation between Russia and the U.S.-led NATO . Many Americans are not aware that Latvia and its Baltic neighbors are members of the NATO alliance , of which the United States is the leader . How many Americans know that members of that alliance , including the United States , commit themselves in Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty to regard an attack against one NATO signatory as "  an attack against them all " ? Pursuant to that commitment , successive American presidents have approved war plans in which Americans would fight to defend the territory of all members of the alliance . Preventing Ukraine 's collapse into civil war must therefore be a high priority for the leaders of both the United States and Russia . The Geneva agreement on "  initial concrete steps to de-escalate tensions and restore security , " which U.S. and Russian diplomats signed , along with their EU and Ukrainian counterparts , represents the first real step in the international community 's collective effort to reverse Ukraine 's slide into chaos . Leaders in both Washington and Moscow will have to follow up with further , bolder steps to prevent Ukraine 's spiraling into a civil war that could draw them into a direct confrontation . These additional steps will require all parties to accept arrangements that would be unacceptable -- except for the fact that all feasible alternatives are even worse .	Graham Allison : Geneva deal on de-escalation in Ukraine a ray of hope He says unless terms are implemented and conflict reversed , civil war still a threat He says West does have an interest in stalling Russia-coaxed incursions Allison : If Latvia , part of NATO , were next , U.S. could be compelled to enter conflict
Cairo  CNN  -- Three Al Jazeera journalists were among eight who appeared at a hearing in a Cairo prison court Thursday , accused along with 17 other defendants of spreading "  false news " and having links to the Muslim Brotherhood , which Egypt declared a terrorist organization in December . "  Tell her I love her . Big wedding when I get out , " Al Jazeera English journalist Mohamed Fahmy told journalists in a message to his fiancee , appearing in high spirits on the first day of his trial , despite a worsening shoulder injury . Fahmy , a former CNN freelance producer , is accused of being a member of a terrorist group and airing false news about Egypt to give the impression of a civil war . A prosecutor has also charged Al Jazeera English correspondent Peter Greste , producer Baher Mohammed and 17 others . Al Jazeera said nine on the list were on its staff . The charges were read out Thursday as the case opened , but no evidence was read in open court . The prosecution had been expected to outline the evidence supporting the charges . The case against the journalists comes amid a crackdown on the Muslim Brotherhood after the ouster of the country 's first democratically elected president , Mohamed Morsy . The accused have denied the allegations against them , with the journalists saying they were simply doing their jobs . On the stand at the police academy in the Tora Prison complex , Fahmy , Greste and Mohammed appeared with five others . "  We did n't even know their names until we met them here , " Fahmy told reporters asking about their relationship with the other defendants . They include Anas El Beltagy , son of jailed Muslim Brotherhood leader Mohamed El Beltagy . His mother , Sanaa Abdel Gawad -- standing outside the court wearing a badge with a picture of his sister , who was killed in August -- said their arrest was "  a vendetta against his father . " Sohaib Saad , a student defendant claiming no relation to Al Jazeera , told reporters he was receiving "  repressive treatment " at the Aqrab  Scorpion  Maximum Security Prison , including a ban on food and visits . Fahmy and Mohammed were originally in solitary confinement in that prison . In their new prison , the Tora Farm Annex , they share a cell with Greste , allowed one hour of outdoor time a day and no books . They complained that conditions inside are "  psychologically unbearable , " but they remained defiant . "  If justice happens , we will be free soon , " Greste said . Speaking in a metal cage and separated from journalists by rows of wooden benches and a line of police conscripts , his voice was barely audible . "  We need everyone 's support , " he said . Fahmy had to repeat his words in a louder voice . "  Tell my parents I love them , " he said . Mohammed told journalists to tell his wife to stay away because she 's pregnant . Along with other relatives of the defendants and other reporters , she stood outside the prison complex early Thursday morning with their two children . She and Fahmy 's family could n't get inside . ` It 's just ridiculous ' In an interview , Andrew Greste told CNN how he had visited his brother Peter in Egypt 's notorious Tora prison . "  There was the ability to communicate , " he said . "  I guess that 's the only way we feel we can get through this : is trying not to get too bogged down in the emotions and the conditions that Peter is enduring , because that becomes paralyzing for us . " The family was shocked by what has happened , Andrew Greste said . "  I mean , a journalist of Peter 's credibility , it 's just ridiculous , " he said . He said he had taken food and clothing into prison for his brother , since it was not provided by the state . Peter Greste , an award-winning journalist , was in Egypt only to cover for a colleague , his brother added . The Egyptian government has faced a tide of criticism about the case , from professional journalism organizations and human rights groups . Salil Shetty , secretary general of Amnesty International , last month described the prosecution as a "  major setback for media freedom in Egypt . " He added , "  The move sends the chilling message that only one narrative is acceptable in Egypt today -- that which is sanctioned by the Egyptian authorities . " Apparent mix-up The case relies on simmering sentiment against Al Jazeera TV , deemed biased to the Muslim Brotherhood . One lawyer told the court that there is a mix-up in investigations and other case documents between the Jazeera Mubasher Masr , banned by Egypt , and Al Jazeera English . "  Which Jazeera ? " the judge asked before taking notes . "  We believe that we have not been distorting Egypt 's image at all , " said Heather Allan , head of Al Jazeera English newsgathering , before the trial started . "  They said we fabricated footage before they even looked at my camera , " Fahmy said . ` It is a matter of breaking the law ' Salah El-Sadek , chairman of Egypt 's State Information Service , said the Al Jazeera journalists did not have the proper legal documents to work in Egypt , creating suspicion about their activities -- although their reports aired nightly on TV . "  We have 1,100 correspondents and journalists accredited here , legally representing 200 agencies in this country , " he told CNN . "  None of them have been exposed to that because none of them have broken the law . So it 's not a matter of freedom of speech in this case . It is a matter of breaking the law . " The Al Jazeera network has said its employees were not accredited in the country but argues that is no excuse for imprisoning them . "  Lack of credentials is not a criminal offense . ... Usually you get a slap on the wrist and a walk to the airport , " Allan said . Criticism from journalists The case has put Egypt in the spotlight , further fueling criticism about freedom of expression and the challenges facing journalists . "  Egyptian authorities in recent months have demonstrated almost zero tolerance for any form of dissent , arresting and prosecuting journalists , demonstrators and academics for peacefully expressing their views , " Human Rights Watch said in a prepared statement released Wednesday . The Committee to protect Journalists listed Egypt as third deadliest country for journalists in 2013 . Journalists face deadly police force and violence by mobs on the street . "  Things are getting worse on so many levels , " said Lina Attalah , chief editor of Mada Masr , which describes itself as an independent Egyptian news website . "  On a practical level , we are not able to do the job . But also on a formal censorship level , with the prosecutions that are politically motivated as we all know . It just makes us think that we can be targeted from any side and by any means . " The journalists ' trial was a reminder of what awaits dissent or different voices , Attalah explained , and it has become an "  embarrassment " to the state and the judiciary . But the chairman of Egypt 's State Information Service disagrees about such a crackdown on dissent . "  Who said they are punished for criticizing the government ? If you watch the private and even the formal or the governmental channels , you will find criticism that has been said about the government and its actions and it was way of running things more than we 've ever had in our whole life , " El-Sadek said . For others , the media has been almost unanimous in its support of the current military-led government , which is often blamed for fueling xenophobia and polarization to violent levels . International support The trial has also garnered international solidarity with protests in Nairobi , London and other cities in support of Egypt 's arrested journalists , not all of whom are included in this trial . Greste , Fahmy and Mohammed were happy to hear the news of such demonstrations . Fahmy raised his fist in the air in excitement . "  Wait until I get out , " he shouted . The three have been in detention for more than 50 days . The procedural hearing was adjourned to March 5 , to bring in prosecution witnesses , provide a translator for Greste and allow lawyers to acquire case documents . Evidence will be examined at the March hearing , and lawyers have requested an independent expert to examine the footage the prosecution said was edited to portray a false image . They praised the work of the Canadian and Australian embassies in Cairo but wanted the governments of these two countries to do more . ` They want to shut us up ' Besides the three detained on December 29 , a number of Al Jazeera journalists were charged in absentia . Among them is Briton Sue Turton , who has previously worked for Britain 's Sky News , ITN and Channel 4 . Speaking at a protest against her colleagues ' detention in London , she said the Egyptian authorities ' actions were an attempt to silence reporting of views opposed to theirs . "  Certainly we are one of the only channels in Egypt that 's watched widely that gives very much an opposing view to the military-backed government , " Turton said . "  The domestic media does n't , the domestic press and TV does n't . They want to shut us up , and the best way to do that is to arrest some of our people in the hope that that will stop others from reporting from there . " CNN is among the journalistic organizations that have signed a petition asking for the release of the Al Jazeera journalists , two of whom have worked for CNN . CNN 's Sara Sidner reported in Cairo and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . Journalist Sarah Sirgany contributed to this report .	Three detained Al Jazeera journalists appear in court as their trial opens in Cairo No evidence is presented in court ; the trial is adjourned until March 5 Peter Greste , Mohammed Fahmy and Baher Mohammed are among 20 accused Authorities say they have ties to the banned Muslim Brotherhood organization
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Undeterred by the embarrassment of a failed rocket launch earlier this year , North Korea appears to be pressing ahead with the development of long-range missiles , according to an analysis of satellite images by a U.S. academic website . Drawing on commercial satellite imagery , the website 38 North suggests that the reclusive North Korean regime has carried out at least two tests of large rocket motors at the Sohae Satellite Launch Station on the country 's west coast since April . That 's the same site from which the nuclear-armed North launched a long-range rocket on April 13 that broke apart shortly after takeoff . Pyongyang said the rocket was supposed to put a satellite in orbit , but the launch was seen by many other countries as cover for a ballistic missile test . The most recent test of a large rocket motor at Sohae took place in mid-September , according to the analysis posted Monday by 38 North , which is run by the School of Advanced International Studies at Johns Hopkins University . "  These tests , critical for the development of new rockets , appear to have been of liquid-fueled , first stage engines " for the type of satellite launch vehicle that failed in April or a new long-range missile that was on show at a parade in Pyongyang this year , 38 North said . Another big rocket launch would further sour North Korea 's relations with the United States and South Korea . The failed launch in April scuppered a deal for Washington to provide thousands of tons of food aid to the North 's malnourished population . It also drew condemnation from the U.N. Security Council , which repeated demands for Pyongyang not to carry out similar tests in the future . The botched launch followed previous attempts in 2006 and 2009 . The difference this year was North Korea 's decision to invite members of the international news media inside the country during the launch period , allowing them to visit the Sohae station ahead of the launch . North Korean state-run media also reported the rocket 's failure to put a satellite in orbit , something they had n't done for the two previous launches . But the setback has n't stopped Pyongyang from vaunting its alleged military capabilities . Last month , it said its missiles could reach the U.S. mainland , a claim questioned by some analysts . The unsuccessful satellite launches in 2006 and 2009 were both followed weeks or months later by nuclear tests . That has n't happened so far this time , but 38 North warned Monday that it remains a possibility . "  In the aftermath of the U.S. and South Korean presidential elections , Pyongyang may embark on a new round of activities in the first half of 2013 , including rocket and nuclear tests that will contribute to further development of its nuclear deterrent , " the website said . President Barack Obama was reelected this month in the United States , and the South Korean presidential election takes place next month . South Korean officials have said they believe the North is ready to carry out a nuclear test whenever leaders in Pyongyang make "  a political decision " to go ahead with it . The 38 North article Monday also noted construction activity on the upper gantry platform of the launch area at Sohae that would tally with future launches of long-range rockets that are much larger than the one that failed in April . The website said it had previously reported indications that North Korea was working on such a rocket . The analysis of the satellite pictures for 38 North was provided by Nick Hansen , who has specialized in image technology during a 43-year career in intelligence for the U.S. military and private sector . He pointed to the removal of fuel tanks , the appearance of exhaust stains and the apparent scorching of nearby vegetation between April and September as signs of rocket engine tests at Sohae . The South Korean defense and unification ministries declined to comment on the article from 38 North . CNN 's K.J. Kwon in Seoul , South Korea , contributed to this report .	North Korea has carried out at least 2 rocket motor tests since April , website says It cites commercial satellite imagery that shows activity at a launch site A failed rocket launch by the North in April scuppered a food aid deal with the U.S. The academic website sees the possibility of rocket and nuclear tests in 2013
CNN  -- Six people were killed and 13 wounded in the shelling of South Ossetia by Georgian forces , South Ossetian officials said Saturday , according to Russia 's Interfax news agency . Officials of the breakaway Georgian region said the shelling was part of a Georgian military operation , Interfax reported . Georgia initially suggested Russian peacekeepers were to blame , drawing heated denials from the Russian Defense Ministry , which called the allegation "  dirty informational provocation . " Later , however , Mamuka Kurashvili , the commander of Georgian peacekeeping operations , told reporters that four people were wounded when several Georgian villages were fired upon from South Ossetia , and Georgia "  had to return fire . " Women , children and the elderly were being evacuated from the conflict zone because of fears that Georgia would continue military operations against the region , according to the South Ossetian Information and Press Committee as reported by Interfax . South Ossetia 's government held a special session on the violence , the Russian news agency said . "  If Georgia continues provocative actions , we will announce the recruitment of volunteers not only in the North Ossetia but in the entire North Caucasus and also carry out general mobilization in South Ossetia , " South Ossetian leader Eduard Kokoity told Interfax . Georgia , located on the Black Sea coast between Russia and Turkey , has been split by Russian-backed separatist movements in South Ossetia and another region , Abkhzia . Accusations often fly on both sides , and the South Ossetian leadership has alleged that Georgian troops stage attacks to create a pretext for military action . South Ossetia declared its independence from Georgia in the early 1990s after a bloody war there between ethnic Georgians and Ossetians . The region 's independence is not internationally recognized . Russian , Georgian and South Ossetian troops participate in a mixed peacekeeping force there and have maintained a fragile peace broken occasionally by fighting . On Friday , as reports of the shelling began , Russia expressed "  its most serious concern about the escalation of tensions in South Ossetia . " Moscow said it was taking measures to prevent escalation of the conflict as it urged both Georgia and South Ossetia to look for diplomatic ways to calm the situation .	Georgian official said South Ossetia had fired on Georgian villages first Women , children , elderly being evacuated from the conflict zone Georgia split by Russian-backed separatist movements in South Ossetia
CNN  -- Roger Federer kept his gold medal dream alive after a marathon semifinal battle with Argentina 's Juan Martin Del Potro at Wimbledon Friday . Federer had to dig deep to beat the former U.S. Open champion 3-6 7-6 19-17 in four hours 26 minutes , the longest match in Olympic tennis history . He will play home hope Andy Murray , a repeat of last month 's Wimbledon final , after the Briton swept aside Novak Djokovic 7-5 7-5 in the second semifinal . A single break in each set was enough to give Murray his chance for revenge and gold . "  I know how much winning tonight meant to me . It was one of the biggest matches of my career , one of the biggest wins of my career , " Murray told BBC Sport . "  It was one of the most emotional I 've been after a match . I 'm so happy to win . You do n't see me smiling that much normally . I have n't stopped smiling since I came off the court . "  The atmosphere was unbelievable . We always said night matches at the U.S. Open had the best atmosphere , but it 's not even close to what it was today . " Earlier , the 30-year-old Federer showed his fighting qualities after trailing by a set and struggling to impose himself in the second where he had to save two break points on his own service . The tiebreak proved decisive as he gained a mini-break and held on to level the match . The third set proved nerve racking with both players having break points before Federer broke in the 19th game . But Del Potro immediately broke back to love as the drama continued on Centre Court . Federer finally finished off his resilient opponent as he broke again to lead 18-17 and he took victory on his second match point . "  I do n't think I 've ever played as long a set in a best of three match , " he told gathered reporters . "  It was very physical at the end and so mental . I got lucky in the second set to get back and then in the third it was so tough , " he added . World No. 1 Federer is bidding to become the third man after Rafael Nadal and Andre Agassi to complete a career golden slam of the four grand slam titles and an Olympic singles title . His Wimbledon triumph over Murray was his 17th grand slam title but he has now claimed his first medal in singles competition in the Olympics . He won doubles gold with Stanislas Wawrinka for Switzerland in Beijing in 2008 . The women 's singles final will be a mouth watering clash between Serena Williams of the United States and Russian Maria Sharapova . Sharapova beat compatriot Maria Kirilenko 6-2 6-3 , while Williams thrashed women 's No. 1 Victoria Azarenka of Belarus 6-1 6-2 in just 63 minutes . Sharapova is competing in the Games for the first time and is also seeking a golden grand slam , but faces in Williams an opponent in ominous form after winning at Wimbledon last month .	Roger Federer beats Juan Martin Del Potro in longest Olympic tennis match Swiss star wins deciding set 19-17 after four hours 26 minutes Home hope Andy Murray beats Novak Djokovic in second semifinal Serena Williams faces Maria Sharapova in women 's final
New York  CNN  -- As they worked to determine if new bones found off Long Island , New York , were human -- and possibly those of victims of a suspected serial killer believed to have targeted sex workers -- tests were underway Monday to match up identities with at least four other sets of discovered remains . Police have previously identified four victims found on Oak Beach in December 2010 as women who advertised prostitution services on websites such as Craigslist . Now , "  the DNA process is underway " on at least five other sets of remains found in and around nearby beaches in the time since , New York City medical examiner 's office spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said Monday . Investigators are trying to determine the identities of these victims , while looking for clues about their killer or killers and any link between all the deaths . The remains include a skull and bones found as recently as last week in Nassau County , as well as a bone fragment of unknown origin found by divers off the Oak Beach area last Friday . New York City 's medical examiner office -- the largest non-profit DNA lab in the United States , according to Borakove -- is doing the analysis , and will then turn over the information to investigators in Suffolk and Nassau counties and the New York state police . Experts will extract DNA from the remains to create a profile , which can be used by investigators . "  We 're going back to some of the unidentified people in our system to try to see if we can identify them , so we can notify loved ones if we have their remains , " said Borakove . "  Hopefully ... we 'll find out who these people are . " Meanwhile , the search for more clues continued Monday . FBI agents flew a Blackhawk helicopter over area beaches using high-tech equipment to photograph areas that have been previously examined and searched from the ground . The flyovers were finished by Monday evening . New York State troopers and some 30 police officers from Long Island 's Nassau and Suffolk counties hacked their way through the area 's thick brush and bramble last week , using guidance from a helicopter overhead and , in some cases , using chainsaws to cut through the thick foliage . Aviation teams that flew over parts of Long Island had "  identified a significant number of items that are n't natural for the area , " Nassau County Acting Police Commissioner Thomas Krumpter said last Thursday . Last week , police discovered skeletal remains -- including the human skull -- prompting the wider search . Police have not said whether the remains are from different people or if they could have come from the eight bodies found previously . Police have used canine search units to scour the beaches and diver teams to search the waterways on the north side of the barrier island . But they have met obstacles , such as thick brush that canine teams wo n't go in . On April 11 , remains were found in a Nassau County wildlife preserve , a law enforcement official said . The remains were wrapped in a "  black plastic product " similar to a plastic bag , a law enforcement source said . The remains "  appeared to be part of a lower extremity , " the source said . Medical examiner investigators have been trying to determine the age and sex of the people whose remains were found , as well as how long they were at the locations before they were discovered . A lawyer for the mother of 24-year-old Melissa Barthelemy , who police have identified as one of the victims , said that a man -- using the woman 's cell phone -- made taunting phone calls and claimed to have killed the woman . The lawyer , Steve Cohen , said on one August 26 , 2009 , call , the man said , "  Do you think you 'll ever see her again ? You wo n't . I killed her . " Police have not publicly identified any suspects in the case , nor offered a profile of the person or persons they believe may have been responsible for the multiple deaths . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	NEW : The NYC medical examiner is analyzing five possible sets of human remains NEW : An FBI helicopter flies over a Long Island , NY beach where several were found The 4 victims identified thus far all advertised prostitution services on Craigslist
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer are on course for their first semifinal meeting since 2005 after both progressed at the Masters Series event in Miami . World No. 1 Nadal set up a quarterfinal clash with seventh-ranked Czech Tomas Berdych after crushing Ukraine 's Alexandr Dolgopolv 6-1 6-2 on Tuesday evening U.S. time . No. 3 Federer , who took to the court after midnight following Maria Sharapova 's marathon three-hour win in the women 's event , defeated Belgium 's Olivier Rochus 6-3 6-1 to earn a meeting with 25th seed Gilles Simon -- who has beaten him in two of their three meetings to date . However , the 16-time grand slam champion prevailed in five sets against the Frenchman at this year 's Australian Open , and faces a player who needed two and a half hours on court before beating Serbia 's Janko Tipsarevic 4-6 7-6  7-3  6-2 . Murray parts company with coaching consultant Corretja "  It 's happened a few times in my career where we waited around forever and I was able to play one of those clean , quick matches , " two-time Miami champion Federer told the ATP Tour website after extending his record against Rochus to 8-0 . Nadal , twice a runner-up in the hard-court tournament , has a chance to avenge his Indian Wells final defeat against world No. 2 Novak Djokovic if he can get past Berdych on Thursday and then possibly Federer -- who he last faced at semifinal stage at the 2005 French Open . "  We know each other , " the Spaniard said of Berdych . "  We played a lot of times , and I know if I play my best tennis I 'm going to have chances against him . "  He can play very , very good , and I have to play very solid all the time with my serve and wait a chance on the return . " Berdych , who lost to Nadal in the 2010 Wimbledon final , battled into the last eight with a 6-3 2-6 7-6  7-4  win over Germany 's Florian Mayer . Djokovic , unbeaten in 21 matches this year , can reach the semifinals with victory over unseeded South African Kevin Anderson on Wednesday . The winner of that match will play 14th seed Mardy Fish , who upset Spanish No. 6 David Ferrer 7-5 6-2 and will next week become the top-ranked American ahead of Andy Roddick . Former No. 1 player Sharapova will return to the top-10 of the women 's rankings after an absence of more than two years following her hard-fought quarterfinal win over Alexandra Dulgheru . The Russian , a two-time grand slam champion who has battled injuries since 2008 , finally overcame the Romanian 26th seed 3-6 7-6  8-6  7-6  7-5  in their first encounter . The 16th seed injured her ankle during the match , but is confident she will be able to play in her second successive semifinal following the defeat by Indian Wells champion Caroline Wozniacki two weeks ago . "  It hurt when I did it . I 've iced it a lot , did an ice bath and got it taped . I 'll be okay . I 'm tough , " the 23-year-old told the WTA Tour website ahead of her clash with 21st seed Andrea Petkovic , who beat Sharapova 6-2 6-3 at the Australian Open in January and eliminated current No. 1 Wozniacki on Monday . Bosnia-born German Petkovic knocked out another former No. 1 , Serbian sixth seed Jelena Jankovic , winning 2-6 6-2 6-4 . Second seed and defending champion Kim Clijsters saved five match-points against Jankovic 's compatriot Ana Ivanovic before finally prevailing 7-6  7-4  3-6 7-6  7-5  in a fourth-round tie between two former top-ranked players . The Belgium had dropped just seven games to Ivanovic in their previous three matches , but found herself 5-1 down and 0-40 on her own serve in the third set before Two-time Miami winner Clijsters , who briefly regained top spot from Wozniacki this year , will face eighth seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus in the quarterfinals on Wednesday . The winner of that match will take on Russian third seed Vera Zvonareva , who beat Polish No. 9 Agnieszka Radwanska 7-5 6-3 in the opening match on Wednesday .	World No. 1 Rafael Nadal faces seventh-ranked Czech Tomas Berdych in Miami quarterfinals No. 3 Roger Federer to take on France 's Gilles Simon after late-night victory Maria Sharapova to return to women 's top-10 after reaching semifinals Defending champion Kim Clijsters battles into the last eight , beating Ana Ivanovic
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- Anders Behring Breivik , who admits killing 77 people in Norway last summer , was trying to kill the prime minister and other government ministers by bombing a building in Oslo , he testified Thursday . The blast killed eight people , but Breivik said he considered it a failure because the building did not collapse . Breivik is on trial on charges of voluntary homicide and committing acts of terror in the July 22 attacks . He admits carrying out the Oslo bombing and then shooting 69 people dead on nearby Utoya Island . He boasts of being an ultranationalist who killed his victims to fight multiculturalism in Norway . He decided to carry out a gun attack on a Labour Party youth camp on the island of Utoya after his initial plan to target a journalists ' conference did not work out , he said . He also hoped to kill former Prime Minister Gro Harlem Brundtland and decapitate her with a knife or bayonet , he said . He planned to film the murder on his iPhone and upload the video to the Internet , he said . He concentrated on killing people over the age of 18 on the island , he said , because he thought the killings of younger people would be harshly criticized . Many of the victims were younger than 18 , but he said he did not regret what he did . "  I would do it again , " he said . His attorney , Geir Lippestad , warned in a news conference after the session that Friday -- when testimony will focus on how Breivik carried out the killings on Utoya -- "  is going to be the toughest day . " There was utter silence in the court Thursday as Breivik testified , marked only by the sound of crying from some members of the public . He used the video game "  Modern Warfare 2 " as training for his shooting spree , he testified . Players of the game , one of the "  Call of Duty " series , work together as soldiers to shoot opponents . Breivik also went through a period of playing the online fantasy game "  World of Warcraft " up to 16 hours a day , he testified . He initially planned to carry out three bomb attacks followed by a "  gun-based action , " he told the court , but eventually was only able to make enough explosives for one car bomb . Asked about his intended bombing targets , Breivik said : "  The first two were clear : the government quarter and the Labour Party headquarters . The third , I was not sure . " He said he at first had reservations about hitting the Labour Party headquarters because of the civilians and innocent people in offices around the building . "  But then I thought : There are not many better targets in Norway , " he said . Breivik said he had also considered bombing the Royal Palace -- but without harming the royal family -- City Hall and Aftenposten , a national newspaper . Breivik joked about the psychiatrists who have labeled him insane and shrugged off a question about how he thinks victims ' relatives feel when they see him smile in court . "  I think they react in a natural way , " he said . As the hearing concluded , prosecutor Inga Bejer Engh asked Breivik : "  How is your empathy ? " Breivik did not answer but asked to have the question put to him again Friday , saying it was important . Lippestad is also expected to tell the court Friday about what were the sources for Breivik 's information . His client did not raise his fist in salute when he entered the court Thursday , respecting a request from the families of his victims . The relatives were upset that he had been making the gesture each morning , Lippestad said Wednesday . Breivik said in court Wednesday that he should either get the death penalty or be acquitted , ridiculing the idea that he would be sent to prison or a mental hospital for his actions . Norway does not have the death penalty . The trial is expected to last up to 10 weeks . Breivik boasted Tuesday that he had carried out "  the most sophisticated and spectacular political attack in Europe since World War II " when he went on his gun-and-bomb rampage . He planned his killings as a suicide attack , he said . "  I did n't expect to survive that day , " he said Tuesday . Breivik testified Tuesday and Wednesday after declaring Monday that he had carried out the massacre but was not guilty because the killings had been necessary . Lippestad said it was important to his client that people see him as sane . "  He thinks that it wo n't have any effect if he is considered insane , " Lippestad said . Experts have given different opinions about Breivik 's sanity , which will be a factor in determining what punishment he receives if convicted . Sentencing options could include imprisonment or confining him to a mental facility . His testimony is not being broadcast due to a court ruling . Most of the victims ' relatives did not want Breivik 's remarks televised , and presiding Judge Wenche Elizabeth Arntzen rejected Breivik 's claim that airing it was a human right . Court papers indicated the five judges hearing the case did not want the trial to become a platform for Breivik to air his political views , or for them to distract from the legal issues involved . Breivik has said his rampage was meant to save Norway from being taken over by multicultural forces and to prevent ethnic cleansing of Norwegians . In a 1,500-page manifesto attributed to him , Breivik railed against Muslim immigration and European liberalism -- including the ruling Labour Party , which he said was allowing the "  Islamification of Europe . " Journalist Olav Mellingsaeter contributed to this report .	NEW : Lawyer : Testimony about the killings of dozens of teenagers "  will be toughest day " Anders Behring Breivik says he also wanted to decapitate an ex-prime minister He considers bombing that killed eight a failure because the targeted building did not fall He admits killing 77 people in a gun-and-bomb rampage , calling it "  necessary "
CNN  -- Talk about a spooky Halloween find . Canadian officials seized three pumpkins from a passenger 's bag at the airport . And boy were they stuffed , they say , with 2 kilograms  4.4 pounds  of cocaine . Border agency officers at the Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport found the pumpkins while searching the luggage of a female traveler , according to a news release . Her identity has not been released . 3 detained after ` sophisticated ' San Diego-Tijuana drug tunnel found The Royal Canadian Mounted Police is conducting an investigation . It did not respond to CNN 's request for additional information Thursday . Officers at the airport in Montreal have made 173 drug seizures so far this year , including 10 for cocaine for a total of 44 kilograms , according to border services . Mexican police nab drug-launching cannon near border	Canadian officials seize the pumpkins from a passenger 's bag Officers at the airport have made 173 drug seizures so far this year
It is an age-old question : will humankind ever defeat old age ? Plenty of skin care companies would like us to believe so . And now , the multinational tech giant Google would like us to think it might be possible too . Last month Google announced a new medical company called Calico , whose explicit aim is to take on aging itself . But what will Google 's approach be ? And what other research into prolonging life already exists ? With its proliferation of businesses , products and services , it would be easy to forget that not so very long ago Google was just a search engine . Today , offshoots of the sprawling global corporation can be found researching self-driving cars , developing their own smart phones and tablets and even launching giant balloons into near space . Read more : ` Afterlife ' feels ` even more real than real ' Amid this growing portfolio of diffuse interests and initiatives has been added their latest company : Calico . Calico -- or the California Life Company -- has been set up to research subjects related to aging and its associated diseases . Announcing Calico at a media briefing , Google said that the new and independent company will largely focus on age-attendant conditions such as Alzheimer 's , cancer and heart disease . Larry Page , Google 's ever youthful CEO said : "  Illness and aging affect all our families . With some longer term , moonshot thinking around healthcare and biotechnology , I believe we can improve millions of lives . " But the question is , what will Calico actually do ? At the moment the company is n't giving much detail away : "  Incoming CEO Arthur Levinson  and I are excited about tackling aging and illness , " Page wrote in his Google + blog post . But repeated requests from CNN to interview either Page or Levinson were politely declined . Read more : Scientists build human brain inside a computer In the absence of any real information , many commentators have speculated that Calico will pursue a ` big-data ' approach to health : gathering massive amounts of information from patients and ` crunching it ' to help speed the way to health care discoveries . Some have suggested that Calico 's new CEO will take the view that the best way to tackle aging is to focus on preventing diseases . Aubrey de Grey , an expert in the field of regenerative medicine , told CNN that it is too soon to speculate on what Google 's approach will be : "  in relation to Calico , I think it 's vital to keep in mind that there is essentially no concrete information about their planned direction and emphasis , and any guess that they will take a heavily data-driven approach is no more than a guess . " However , he does think that Calico will not limit its focus to a single disease : "  The statements from Page and Levinson thus far indicate quite strongly that the emphasis will not be just cancer , or even just a range of specific diseases , but will be ` aging itself ' : Page in particular has highlighted the paltry longevity gains that would arise even from totally eliminating cancer . " João Pedro de Magalhães , a Portuguese biologist who leads the Integrative Genomics of Aging group at the University of Liverpool , agrees : "  From what I 've read , I do n't think the company will mostly focus on cancer . In the Time interview Larry Page clearly states that solving cancer is ` not as big an advance as you might think ' . This is reminiscent of what experts studying aging have been saying for a while , which is that to really make a difference in human health and longevity you need to tackle the aging process rather than individual age-related diseases . " Read more : Secrets spilled in life 's final minutes So where might Calico 's focus lie ? A broad range of technologies and therapies that promise life extension through different means are currently being researched and tested . CNN Labs takes a look across the scientific landscape to bring you the view from the front line of the war against aging . Cryonics Cryonics is a process where the body -- or occasionally just the head -- is suspended in liquid nitrogen to ` preserve ' it indefinitely . The idea is that in the future the body will be able to be resuscitated and brought back to life . Once the preserve of celebrities and multimillionaires , cryonics is now gaining traction among the broader public . Several months ago , The Sunday Times reported that three senior staff at Oxford University have signed up to have their bodies frozen with two U.S.-based cyonics organizations : the Cryonics Institute and the Alcor Life Extension Foundation . The cost of cryonics can vary wildly . The lowest price at the Cryonics Institute is reportedly $ 28,000 for ` cryopreservation ' ; Alcor Life charges customers up to $ 200,000 for similar services . But does it work ? The Cryonics Institute underline on their website that , as yet , their treatments are based on projections of technology to come rather than present day science : "  We firmly believe that with the incredible advances being made in nanotechnology , medicine and science today , cryonics has the same potential to become an everyday reality in the not-so-distant future ... The goal of cryonics is to halt  the ` dying '  process as quickly as possible after legal death , giving future doctors the best possible chance of reviving the patient by repairing or replacing damaged tissues , or even entire organs using advanced computer , nanotech and medical equipment and procedures " . Cryotherapy The related field of cryotherapy has gained currency in some quarters of athletics , with coaches immersing their athletes in cryotherapy chambers during or after exercise in a bid to aid training and heal injuries . The French soccer team used cryotherapy during the European Cup in 2012 , and the Wales rugby union squad use it as well . Cryotherapeutic chambers expose players to very low temperatures -- around minus 256 degrees Fahrenheit  minus 160 Celsius  -- for short periods . Some theorists believe that doing so can help speed the body 's recovery , but others say that the evidence is incomplete . Self-healing worms and telomeres In 2012 a group of scientists at Nottingham University discovered that a species of flatworm -- the Planarian worm -- can divide ` potentially forever ' and thus heal itself . Some researchers hope that the discovery will provide fresh insight into how it may be possible to alleviate aging in human cells . Dr Aziz Aboobaker from Nottingham University 's School of Biology , said : "  Usually when stem cells divide -- to heal wounds , or during reproduction or for growth -- they start to show signs of aging . This means that the stem cells are no longer able to divide and so become less able to replace exhausted specialized cells in the tissues of our bodies . Our aging skin is perhaps the most visible example of this effect . Planarian worms and their stem cells are somehow able to avoid the aging process and to keep their cells dividing . " According to researchers looking at the worm , the key may be in understanding the function of telomeres -- the ends of a chromosome that protect cells against degradation . In 2009 three scientists won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their work on how telomeres protect chromosomes from degradation . One theory suggests that if we can work out a way to preserve telomeres , then we would be another step closer to defeating aging . Cloning and body part replacement Another major area of investigation is looking into organ creation and replacement . Many people die due to organ failure , but imagine if you could just create your own new liver and replace a faulty one ? Scientists have already successfully implanted functioning lab-grown kidneys into rats . If the therapy could be successfully  and affordably  replicated for humans , it could help overcome the significant organ donor shortages that persist in many countries . Early work into creating organs using 3D printers has also yielded promising results . Nanotechnology Organ replacement will probably only ever be part of the solution however . Many scientists believe that longevity through repairing the human body requires a broader focus than just replacing individual parts . Ray Kurzweil , an American author , inventor and futurist argues in his book The Singularity is Near that by the 2020s , nanotechnology may be able to help cure disease . Kurzweil says that deploying tiny robots  or ` nanobots '  in the body could help overcome the problems of incorrect DNA replication -- one of the central causes of aging . de Grey says that nanotechnological research is interesting , but that he believes it is further away from finding a solution to aging than some other treatments : "  I pay attention to molecular manufacturing  the discipline that coined the term "  nanotechnology " but then effectively had it stolen by the field of nanomaterials  , but I think its relevance to medical interventions , whether in aging or otherwise , still seems likely to be further off than the more traditionally biomedical work " . So will Google 's new company discover a workable solution to aging and death ? Only time will tell .	Google 's new company Calico will ` tackle aging and illness ' Many believe that Calico will take a ` big-data ' approach to speed the way to health care discoveries Exploratory disciplines including cryonics , cloning and nanotechnology hope to extend human life
London  CNN  -- 22 November , 1947 ; A Village Near the River Euphrates When Pembe was born , her mother was so sad she forgot about the pain she had suffered for twenty-six hours and the blood oozing between her legs , and tried to get up and walk away . At least , that is what everyone said -- everyone who was present in the delivery room on that blustery day . As much as she might have wanted , the new mother could not go anywhere . To the surprise of the women in the room and her husband waiting in the courtyard , she was yanked back into the bed with a new wave of contractions . Two minutes later the second baby was born . Another girl , only smaller . Watch an interview with Elif Shafak This time the new mother did not attempt to run away . She gave a wisp of sigh , burrowed her head into the pillow and turned toward the window , as if straining to hear fate 's whisper in the wind . If she listened attentively , she thought , she might hear an answer from the skies . After all , there must have been a reason , an explanation unbeknown to her but obvious to Allah , as to why He had given them two more daughters when they already had six , and still not one son . Thus the new mother clamped her lips shut , determined not to say a word until Allah had explained to her , fully and convincingly , the motive behind His actions . During the next forty days and nights she did not speak a word . Not when she was cooking chickpeas with sheep 's tail fat , not when she was giving her six daughters a bath in a large round tin bucket , not when she was making cheese with wild garlic , not when her husband asked her what she would like to name the babies . She remained silent as the graveyard by the hills where all her ancestors were buried and some day so would she . It was a small , secluded Kurdish village with no roads , no electricity , and no secrets under the sun . Whatever took place in one corner was heard , at once , by everyone else . Secrets were a luxury only the richest could afford and in this village no one was rich . The village elders were three ageless men who spent their time in the only teahouse contemplating the mysteries of the universe and the stupidities of the politicians while they sipped tea out of glasses fragile as life . When they heard about the new mother 's oath of silence , they decided to pay her a visit . "  We came to warn you that you are about to commit sacrilege , " said the first man who was so old the slightest breeze knocked him down . "  How can you expect Allah the Almighty to talk to you when He is known to have spoken only to prophets and saints ? " asked the second man who had a few teeth left in his mouth . "  Surely there was no woman among them . " The third man waved his hands which were stiff and gnarled . "  Allah wants to hear you talk . If it had been any other way , He would have made you into a fish . " The woman listened , now and then dabbing her eyes with the ends of her headscarf . For a moment , she imagined herself as a fish -- a big , brown trout in the river , its fins glittering in the sun . Little did she know that her children and grandchildren would , at different times in their lives , feel attached to different kinds of fish , and an affinity with the piscine would run in the family for generations to come . "  Speak ! " said the first old man . "  It is against nature for your kind to be quiet . What goes against nature goes against Allah 's will . " When the guests had left , the woman approached the cradle where the twins were sleeping . The shimmer from the lighted hearth painted the room a golden-yellow , giving the babies ' skins a soft glow , almost angelic . Her heart mellowed . She turned to her other daughters who had lined up beside her from the tallest to the shortest , and said , in a voice both hoarse and hollow : "  I know what I 'll name them . " "  Tell us , Mother ! " the girls exclaimed , delighted to hear her talk again . The woman cleared her throat and said , with a sigh , "  This one will be Kader and the other , Yeter . " "  Kader and Yeter , " the girls echoed in unison . "  Yes , my children . " Upon saying this , the woman smacked her lips as if the names had left a sour taste on her tongue . Kader and Yeter . Destiny and Enough . This would be her way of telling Allah that even though , like a good Muslim , she was resigned to her fate , she had had her fill of daughters and the next time she was pregnant , which she knew would be the last time because she was forty years old and past her prime now , He had to give her a son and none other than a son . That same evening when her husband came home , the girls rushed to give him the good news : "  Daddy ! Daddy ! Mother is speaking . " "  Daddy ! Daddy ! Mother has named the babies . " Pleased as he was to see his wife talking again , the man 's face clouded over when he learned about the names she had chosen . Shaking his head with disapproval , he remained silent for a long , awkward moment . "  Names with an insinuating message to the skies might offend Allah , " he muttered , as if talking to himself . "  Why draw His wrath upon us ? Better stick to ordinary girls ' names and be on the safe side . " He had an alternative pair of names in mind : Pembe and Jamila -- Pink and Beautiful . Names like sugar cubes that melted in your tea , sweet and yielding , with no sharp edges . Though the father 's decision was final and irreversible , the mother 's choices would not be easily forgotten . They lingered in memory and stayed around , tied to the family tree like two flimsy kites caught in the branches . Thus the twins came to be known by both names : Pembe Kader and Jamila Yeter -- Pink Destiny and Enough Beauty . And such would be the names printed in the newspapers around the world one day .	Elif Shafak is an award winning novelist who writes in Turkish and English She spoke about storytelling and identity politics at TED Global conference Shafak 's next novel will focus on experiences of an immigrant family in London , England In an excerpt , she writes about a Turkish mother 's bitterness at having daughters but no sons
CNN  -- Joe McGinniss could not believe his eyes . The man he saw in a North Carolina courtroom last week was stooped and shackled , hardly the same smooth and swaggering Jeffrey MacDonald who had told his story so many years ago . To say the author and the convicted killer have a history would be an understatement . If anything , their first face-to-face meeting in 35 years was anticlimactic . "  He looked like a shadow , " McGinniss said of MacDonald , now 68 , who some believe the author betrayed for his 1983 best-selling book "  Fatal Vision . " "  He has a pallor , there was no substance to him , " McGinniss continued . "  I guess many years in prison can do that to you . " McGinniss testified earlier this month for the prosecution at a federal hearing in Wilmington , North Carolina , that could determine whether or not MacDonald deserves freedom , or at least a new trial . MacDonald 's lawyers assert that newly-discovered DNA evidence -- three hairs that match neither MacDonald nor any of the victims -- and the secondhand confession of a key witness who claimed to be at the family 's home the night of the murders justify reopening the case . Judge hears new evidence in ` Fatal Vision ' case McGinniss said in court that he considers the latest defense maneuver to be "  the Holy Grail , " MacDonald 's last chance at freedom . He remains convinced of MacDonald 's guilt . The attorneys finished their closing arguments on Monday , and the decision is now in the hands of U.S. District Judge John C. Fox . The judge could let MacDonald 's murder convictions stand , toss them out , or order another trial . It is expected to take weeks , perhaps months , before a ruling comes in a criminal saga that has made headlines for four decades . It began when military police officers were summoned to the MacDonald home at Fort Bragg , North Carolina on February 17 , 1970 . Inside , they found a horrific crime scene . MacDonald 's pregnant wife , Colette , was stabbed 16 times with a knife and 21 times with an ice pick . Daughter Kimberly , 5 , was bludgeoned and stabbed in the neck . Kristen , 2 , was stabbed 48 times ; a finger was nearly severed as she tried to fend off the blows . "  It was overkill , " said McGinniss , who wrote that MacDonald killed his family in an amphetamine-fueled rage . MacDonald , a captain assigned to the Green Berets , also sustained a collapsed lung and two stab wounds in what he said was an attack on his family by a trio of intruders , including a woman in a floppy hat who chanted "  Acid is groovy " and "  Kill the pigs . " The word "  pig " was written in blood on a headboard , a detail reminiscent of the infamous 1969 Manson family murders in California . Prosecutors alleged MacDonald staged the crime scene . The Army investigated first , and MacDonald was cleared at a closed military hearing . But his father-in-law pushed civilian authorities to pursue the case and a grand jury indicted MacDonald in 1975 . He was found guilty of murder four years later and is serving a three life sentences . If his appeal fails , he does not become eligible for parole until 2071 . MacDonald has always insisted he is innocent , so the recent developments in the case come as no surprise to McGinniss . "  He 's a psychopath . He does n't have the kind of emotions that you and I would have , " the author said . "  He does n't have the capacity to feel badly about it . These were n't his wife and children . These were people that got in his way . " MacDonald 's appeals received renewed attention with the release this month of the book "  A Wilderness of Error : The Trials of Jeffrey MacDonald . " Written by Academy-Award-winning documentary filmmaker Errol Morris , the book paints MacDonald as a man wrongly convicted on the basis of incomplete and corrupted evidence , as well as prosecutorial misconduct . "  We 've been sold a bill of goods about this case , " said Morris . "  It 's as phony as a three-dollar bill . " Writer seeks to clear MacDonald Asked about the controversy , McGinniss was pragmatic in his response . "  It does n't matter what I think of what Morris thinks , " he said . "  MacDonald was convicted by a jury in a court of law . He 's not in prison because of me and he 's not going to get out of prison because of Errol Morris . " McGinniss also tried to put the rest the notion that he was a passionate believer in MacDonald when he embarked on "  Fatal Vision . " He says he was embedded with the defense team because he was looking for a different angle . "  I thought it would be fascinating to write about the trial from the point of view of how the defense and defendant were experiencing it . I learned everything from the first time in court . I did n't have my mind made up . " McGinniss said what he heard in court was overwhelmingly convincing . "  There came a point in the trial when much to my dismay I started to feel this evidence is piling up and MacDonald is n't doing anything to dispute it . By the end it was still very confusing . I said to myself , ' I think this guy did it , ' but he was so charismatic and likable and had such a strong personality . This was before I learned about the psychopathic personality . " McGinniss also disputed the notion raised by the defense and Morris that the prosecutor at the criminal trial threatened witness Helena Stoeckley to alter her testimony . Stoeckley , who died in 1983 , had admitted to others that she was present for the killings but she denied it on the witness stand at MacDonald 's trial . Watching MacDonald in court again reminded McGinniss of how much has changed in the three decades since he last laid eyes on him . "  It was in 1987 during the trial of the civil suit against me , " McGinniss said . "  He was allowed to wear a new suit of clothes . He looked like the host of a daytime game show . " In the civil case , MacDonald accused the author of breaching an agreement to write a book about his innocence . The jury deadlocked and the case was settled out of court for a reported $ 325,000 . Journalist Janet Malcolm wrote a widely read article about the case and was critical of McGinniss , accusing him of deceiving MacDonald by pretending to believe he was innocent after becoming convinced of his guilt . McGinniss now has another controversial book out , "  The Rogue , " a biography of Sarah Palin . In court , MacDonald literally seemed to McGinniss to be a ghost from the past . "  The years since have not treated him kindly , " he said . "  He sat there at the end of the table and was whispering . He seemed insubstantial . "  I looked at him but he would never look me in the eyes . "	Author Joe McGinniss wrote about Jeffrey MacDonald in ` Fatal Vision ' Former Green Beret doctor was convicted in 1979 of killing pregnant wife , daughters MacDonald maintains his innocence , accuses author of betraying him McGinniss was a witness against MacDonald at recent court appeal
Charlotte , North Carolina  CNN  -- Shane Brown squeezed through a gap between sections of a steel security fence 9 feet high , picked his way across a vacant lot infested with fire ants and climbed atop a rickety wooden platform . He stepped up and spoke into the microphone : "  God is a good , good God . " His words were amplified over a hardscrabble patch of earth wedged against a highway the locals call the inner loop . White plastic trash bins stood sentry against litter , but there was no one there to fill them . Brown , the first speaker to take the platform Wednesday at the official "  free speech zone " of the Democratic National Convention , had an audience of just three -- two city workers and a reporter . It was shortly before 3 p.m. , and the place had been deserted since it opened five hours earlier . If a man -- be he a protester , a prophet or a pothead -- talks to a dozen trash cans in a vacant lot half a mile from a bustling political convention , does he make a sound ? Without pausing to ponder the question , Brown simply turned and faced the massive traffic jam behind him on Stonewall Street , ironically in front of the NASCAR Hall of Fame . It may have been a captive audience , but at least it was an audience . "  God is a good , good God , " he began again . And then , the generator powering the sound system shut down . A city worker fiddled with the contraption , shrugging , "  I work for the Transportation Department , so of course now I 'm the sound man . " Brown , meanwhile , carried on with a bullhorn , talking for nearly 40 minutes until the second speaker , also a street preacher , showed up late . Steve Widdows ' topic was "  sodomy , abortion , fornication . " He taped up signs condemning "  Wicked Democrats " and "  Abhor-tion . " His God apparently was not a happy God . "  It is an abomination for a king to commit wickedness , " Widdows preached , promising God 's wrath against "  a former president " who , he said , phoned "  innocent grandmothers " in North Carolina and told them they did n't have to support a law that defined marriage as a union "  between one man and one woman . " Opinion : Even vile funeral protests are free speech And so it went each day , until the rain came or the sun went down , whichever happened first . A preacher was followed by a speaker who wanted to legalize marijuana , who was followed by a group of atheists and agnostics , which was followed by a group of community singers . If at times it seemed like a single hand clapping in the dark , the speakers did not complain . Widdows admits he was disappointed that no one was there to hear him preach , but he showed up all three days anyway . After using his allotted 30 minutes , he said , he 'd find a street corner "  where there were lots of people " and start preaching again . "  When you say you 're going to do something , you go ahead and do it , " he explained . "  There was some benefit , to put the understanding on people . I decided I was just going to go ahead and preach , and if anyone hears it , use it , Lord . " Anarchists , occupiers and other protesters in Charlotte shunned the official speakers ' area , which they sneeringly called "  the pen . " Sure , some of them signed up . But they gave false agendas , never intending to show . "  We are under the impression that the whole country is a free speech zone , " said Michael Zytkow , a 26-year-old organizer for Occupy Charlotte . "  We were bothered by the idea of any government-designated playground . " Carol Sobel , a lawyer from Santa Monica , California , who co-chairs the Mass Defense Committee of the National Lawyers Guild , asked , "  Who 'd want to use it ? You 're talking to yourself . " Her group works to push back against what it views as government attempts to stifle dissent . Sobel keeps a photograph on her desk showing her with blackened eyes from rubber police bullets at the 2000 Democratic National Convention in Los Angeles . "  My rights to freedom of assembly are being violated , " complained anarchist Vermin Supreme , a fixture at both of this year 's conventions who wears a boot on his head and also happens to be running for president . Like most of the Charlotte protesters , including the cadre of 200 or so Occupy regulars who camped at Marshall Park , he took his case to the sidewalks and streets . Who 's that protester with the boot on his head ? On Tuesday , the first day of the Democratic convention , about 100 protesters blocked the intersection across the street from "  the pen , " demanding their free speech rights and entangling police in a two-hour standoff that ended peacefully when the skies opened up for the daily downpour . "  At least they gave us some entertainment , " said a city worker overseeing the free speech area , which had to be one of the loneliest convention assignments . He passed the time reading a biography of Yogi Berra . Such was the state of free speech here during last week 's Democratic convention , and at the Republican convention the week before in Tampa , Florida . The First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution protects the right to freely practice one 's religion and publicly speak one 's mind without government constraint or interference . It also gives citizens the right to assemble and to air their grievances to their government . But the law remains unsettled on whether the government has the power to say where . The Supreme Court has established guidelines to measure whether speech restrictions pass constitutional muster . The restrictions must be neutral and not based on content , and they must be specific ; they must serve a significant government interest , such as public safety ; and they must provide for alternative means of communication . The free speech zones are meant to be that alternative means of communication , but the Lawyers Guild advises clients to avoid them and use the public sidewalks . The designation of free speech zones at political conventions and other large gatherings has been evolving for more than two decades , Sobel said . In many instances , the free speech zones are set up far from the people whose attention the protesters seek . "  It makes the protest invisible , " she said . "  This has been a growing problem . " It began at the Democratic National Convention in 1988 . Atlanta set up a "  designated protest zone " to prevent disruptions by anti-abortion group Operation Rescue and its opponents . The demonstrators objected to being confined to a "  free speech cage , " but the practice continued during the 1992 and 1996 conventions . And , during the 1990s , free speech zones were designated in other public areas such as San Francisco 's airport , which had issues with panhandling Hare Krishnas . Both the Tampa and Charlotte conventions were designated Special National Security Events , a category created in 1998 . The massive protest against globalization during the 1999 World Trade Organization Ministerial Conference in Seattle was the real game-changer for how police and municipalities respond to protest , Sobel said . More than 40,000 protesters showed up and clashed violently with police in what became known as "  The Battle in Seattle . " It left behind indelible images of protesters blocking intersections and smashing storefront windows -- and police responding with volleys of pepper spray , tear gas and rubber bullets . The lawsuits that followed established that officials in Seattle had a right to declare parts of the city off limits to everyone for security reasons , but were wrong to target just the protesters , Sobel said . Tightened security was noticeable at the 2000 political conventions in Philadelphia and Los Angeles . City officials in Los Angeles tried to file a sealed document justifying the lockdown , but a judge refused to look at it . Attorneys challenged the remote location of the free speech zone and succeeded in moving the protest area to a lot directly across the street from the arena where the convention was held . A year later , the September 11 terrorist attacks changed the way Americans looked at security . Federal agencies were rearranged in 2002 under the Department of Homeland Security , which determined which events should be considered Special National Security events . Conventions leave atheists asking : What political party represents me ? The 2002 Winter Olympic Games in Salt Lake City were given that designation , along with the Super Bowls and a handful other other high-profile events . The agency 's head now decides which events earn the designation . It puts the U.S. Secret Service in charge of security and the FBI in charge of intelligence during political conventions , international trade meetings and other events that could become targets for terrorists . Over the years , the designation has come to apply to any event likely to attract mass protests . By 2004 , amped-up security and a heavy police presence had become a way of life at the conventions . Protesters at the Democratic convention in Boston were corralled into a "  pen " with concrete walls and barbed wire and could not be seen by delegates . They responded by donning prisoner of war uniforms and marching in circles inside what they called "  Camp X-Ray . " Meanwhile , at the Republican convention in New York , police on horses and motorized scooters herded protesters into "  pens " made of orange mesh , said Gideon Oliver , an attorney who represents some of the 1,800 people who were arrested . Eight years after the convention , a class-action lawsuit alleging civil rights violations is still making its way through the federal courts . In Tampa this year , just two people were arrested during the Republican National Convention . The city 's downtown area was all but deserted -- except for the 4,000 cops in khaki fatigues -- giving the place all the ambiance of a third-world city after a military coup . In Charlotte , 25 people were arrested . Police officers wore dark blue uniforms , which made them look more like cops . Some Secret Service agents were in casual street dress , and the security perimeter was much larger because the event involved President Obama . But in both cities , everyone was subjected to daily torrents from nature 's water cannon , which may have been more effective than anything police could come up with to dampen dissent . Commenters divided over how free should free speech be	Hardly anyone used the ` free speech zones ' at the conventions The zones were set aside for protesters , others to voice their views Protesters complained zones were too far from the action in Tampa , Charlotte Free speech zones first established in 1988 in Atlanta amid protests over abortion
CNN  -- Just after 7 a.m. Tuesday in the fifth district of Kabul , Afghanistan , a suicide bomber struck a bus carrying Afghan police and civilians . Afghan I-Reporter S. Samimi sent this photo of a bus struck by a suicide bomber on Tuesday . At least 10 people were killed , including four children . I-Reporter S. Samimi was in his car on his way to work , only 100 meters from where the blast went off . He jumped from his car , unsure of what had happened . Samimi asked people around him what was going on . Finally , the truth dawned on him . Samimi , 23 , grabbed his camera and made his way to the site of the attack . He said it was difficult taking pictures because his whole body was shaking . It was the first suicide bombing he had ever witnessed . Hands and limbs were scattered about the ground . Within minutes a crowd of hundreds had gathered around the bus , some of them family members of victims . "  People were screaming and crying , " Samimi said . "  The situation was so bad . So tragic . I am so sad about it . " Samimi said security guards were quickly on the scene and ordered him to stop taking pictures . He said at that point he was ready to leave . Samimi , who works as a secretary , said he was too shaken to concentrate on the job . "  I could n't work well , because my condition was so bad after having seen a scene like that for the first time . It was so tragic . " He said he returned home to learn that one of his neighbors , a policeman , had been killed in the bombing . "  I saw his family screaming and crying over his death , " he said . He talked about the bombing with his family . "  They were so sad when they heard about what had happened and when they saw my pictures . People in the neighborhood are still crying . " Samimi explained why he sent his photographs to CNN . "  The world should see what 's happened in Afghanistan . The situation is not good in Afghanistan at the moment . " E-mail to a friend	On Tuesday , a suicide bomber struck a bus in Kabul , Afghanistan Samimi , a 23-year-old resident of Kabul , witnessed the bombing He shares photos , first-hand account of the tragic situation I-Report : Send photos , video of breaking news situations near you
CNN  Lighting up a freshly packed pipe is just the kind of afternoon delight iReporter robcat20 likes after dealing with a stressful day at work as an insurance agent . Usually he 'll put on a movie from Netflix while enjoying a good smoke from Stella , his pipe . There 's just one problem : Smoking marijuana is illegal in his state of Ohio . Robcat20 , who asked not to be identified by name because he fears being "  labeled as a bad person " in his small town , says it 's time that changed . "  I like weed , and I 'm a good person , " he wrote on CNN iReport . "  I am a successful businessman , a loving father , devoted husband , registered Republican , active in my community with charities , church and I give piano lessons in the evenings to children with disabilities . " The 33-year-old is not the only one who wants pot prohibition laws amended . A recent CNN/ORC International survey indicated a growing appetite for cannabis , with more than 55 % of people across the United States saying marijuana should be legalized . More than half the respondents said they have tried it themselves . Ever since Colorado started selling pot legally at the start of this year , the lines to marijuana dispensaries have n't slowed down . Pot sales are blooming in Colorado now . Soon the state of Washington will be following suit , selling retail marijuana for recreational use . And on Wednesday , the New Hampshire House of Representatives passed a preliminary vote to legalize up to one ounce of marijuana for recreational use by anyone 21 or older . 10 things to know about Colorado 's marijuana shops CNN iReport asked readers if they would consider buying retail pot if it were available in their area . Setting aside arguments around the medical efficacy of marijuana , these iReporters shared their opinions on the recreational benefits of the herb -- some citing increased relaxation , creativity and a viable alternative to alcohol . No current marijuana users wanted their names used ; recreational weed is still illegal in most of the country at the state and federal levels . From college students to seasoned computer engineers , meet some of the people who want their cannabis hobby legalized : People are ` missing out ' Twenty-year-old iReporter carcar1 started smoking pot to help her fall asleep at night . But marijuana is more than just a sleep remedy for her nowadays . The university student from Allentown , Pennsylvania , works as a security dispatcher at her school and uses marijuana recreationally . To say she enjoys smoking marijuana is an understatement . "  I LOVE POT ! " she enthusiastically wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  I like to smoke with a couple people after all my work is done and the day is over to unwind and relax . I recommend everyone does that . " Since she started smoking regularly in college , she said she feels well rested . "  It definitely does not affect my grades , " she said . "  This semester I got straight As and I am also on the Dean 's List . " Even her parents and grandmother know she smokes pot , and they do n't mind it . But she says they do worry about her getting caught . She ca n't understand why other states are not going toward legalization . "  I am very pro pot , " she said . "  Many people have no idea what they are missing out on . " Marijuana ` makes me a better person ' Computer engineer farmer808 has been smoking since middle school , when he says he saw his parents doing it . Now he 's in his forties and still turns to marijuana after work to relax . Toking up is a family activity -- his wife and college-age children partake in it , too . "  My day gets better and my emotional health improves the moment I spark up . For me , it is a beautiful thing that allows me to be more of a positive person , " he said . "  I ca n't speak for anyone else , but for me , marijuana is a boon to my life and helps me treat my fellow humans with the patience and kindness they deserve . " Regular marijuana use on the rise He 'd like to see his state of Hawaii take the next steps toward legalizing retail sales of marijuana . He asked not to be identified because "  there are many people who still despise marijuana users " and he worried about it affecting his career at a multinational company . "  I am a high performing , innovative , overachiever who uses marijuana to relax after a hard day 's work , " he said . "  I have two college degrees and over a dozen patents in computer science . Like any habit , abuse leads to problems , but properly used in moderation I feel that marijuana is a boon to society . " Just want to enjoy the ` blessed herb ' CELESTIAL96 says he grew up in the "  Flower Child Revolution . " The magazine writer , author and journalist first started smoking marijuana recreationally in the 1970s while living in Los Angeles . "  It made a person feel mellow and creative , it gave you a high without a hangover , and it even had a spiritual touch to it , " he wrote in his iReport . But it was n't until he relocated to the Caribbean to become an editor at a weekly paper that he started smoking marijuana regularly , about once a month . "  I cut down on my drinking and my quality of life as well as my creativity as a writer took off , " he said . "  It just gives a very warm , mellow creative high that ca n't be explained . It has to be experienced . "  My relationship to the ` blessed herb , ' as the islanders call it , is one of respect and awe , " he said . He says ganja , another Caribbean colloquialism for marijuana , awakens his mind and spirit when it is smoked properly . "  I have never had a bad experience with cannabis , " he said . Now in his seventies and back in the states , he wants to be able to enjoy smoking recreationally again . "  I think marijuana should be decriminalized and made legal in every state , " he said . "  I divide my time between Pennsylvania and Missouri , and wish both states would change the law on recreational use of marijuana . " Pot lets me ` be a productive citizen ' If recreational marijuana were legal , security guard and father Tokahontas  yes , we chuckled at the username too  says he would never drink alcohol again . It 's a bold statement , but he 's been a firm Mary Jane fan for the past 30 years , smoking occasionally whenever he can get his hands on marijuana . He says it allows him "  to get up the next day , hangover free , and be a productive citizen . " It sounds like his wife prefers him that way , too . "  She says that when my friends and I get together and drink alcohol ... we act childish and stupid and sometimes even furniture gets broken . Plus she usually has to fight with one of us not to get behind the wheel , " he wrote in his iReport . "  But when we gather to smoke a little bit , she says we are all easygoing and hassle free . Our biggest concern on pot night is whether or not we gave the Domino 's guy the right address . " Even Lady Gaga knows pot is n't harmless If pot were legalized in North Carolina , the "  sweet leaf " would be "  my wine at the end of the day , " he said . "  If pot is the gateway drug , the only drug it has led me to is more pot . " Benefits ` far outweigh ' the downsides David Harper , 65 , says if pot sales were legalized where he lives he would absolutely buy -- although he 's skeptical it will ever happen in his home state of Texas . The veteran and retired electrical engineer took his first hit when he was 24 . "  Back in the early '70s you took what you could get , " he said . Whether the marijuana was called "  Mexican " or "  Jamaican " or "  Maui Wowi " he tried it . His college was lax about marijuana use , so he and his roommates smoked whenever they wanted in school . "  For me , the best part was the relaxation of both mind and body , " he said . The former engineering major used to use it as a study aid because his mind would wander while reading his textbooks at night . "  After taking a couple of tokes -- enough to get a nice buzz -- I found that it was much easier to concentrate . " He smoked pot throughout college , but stopped after graduating out of fear he 'd get arrested . "  This was unfortunate as , looking back , I would definitely say that some of my best -LSB- electrical -RSB- work was done during the early years of my career when I was using pot , " he said . Although he no longer uses marijuana , he is thrilled to see that states like Colorado and Washington are taking progressive steps toward legalizing the retail sale of marijuana . "  The benefits far outweigh any potential downsides , " he said .	Colorado recently became the first state to open recreational pot stores . More than 55 % of Americans say pot should be legalized nationwide , according to poll Meet six people who have smoked marijuana recreationally and want it legalized
CNN  -- During the weeks of debates triggered by Edward Snowden and his release of information about a classified National Security Agency spying program , the story has moved further and further from the actual surveillance and centered instead on the international cat-and-mouse game to find him . What has been remarkable is how Democrats have expressed little opposition to the surveillance program . Many Democrats have simply remained silent as these revelations have emerged while others , like California Sen. Dianne Feinstein , have openly defended the program . President Barack Obama , while initially acknowledging the need for a proper balance between civil liberties and national security , has increasingly focused on defending the government and targeting Snowden . When former President George W. Bush offered comments that echoed much of the president 's sentiment , some of his supporters could n't help but cringe as these two one-time adversaries came together on the issue of counterterrorism . The loss of a Democratic opposition to the framework of counterterrorism policy has been one of the most notable aspects of Obama 's term in office . Although Obama ran in 2008 as a candidate who would change the way the government conducted its business and restore a better balance with civil liberties , it has not turned out that way . Obama has barely dismantled any of the Bush programs , and sometimes even expanded their reach in the use of drone strikes and the targeting of American citizens . He has also undertaken an aggressive posture toward those who criticize his program . Opinion : Why we 're all stuck in the digital transit zone with Snowden Equally notable has been how silent many liberals , who once railed against Bush for similar activities , have become in recent years . Whenever Obama has encountered conservative pushback for minor efforts to change national security operations , there has been little pressure from liberals for him to move in a different direction . If there was any moment when liberals might use a scandal to pressure the president into reforms , this was it . But there is little evidence that this will happen . Where is the outrage ? Where has the Democratic opposition gone ? Part of the story simply has to do with political hypocrisy . Whether or not we like it , partisans tend to be harder on the opposition party than their own . This was clear when Republican opponents of a strong national security system , who gave then-President Bill Clinton trouble when he went after home-bred white extremists in 1995 and 1996 in the wake of the Oklahoma City bombing , remained silent when President Bush took the same steps against terrorism after 9/11 -- such as in the use of roving wiretaps on cell phones . Democrats have been reluctant to weaken a president who has moved forward on domestic policies they care about by giving him trouble on an issue where their party has traditionally been vulnerable . The silence on national security is also a product of presidential leadership . One of the functions of a president , as party leader , is to send strong signals about what the party should focus on . When Obama backed away from closing Guantanamo early in his first term , and has been reluctant to do much about the issues of interrogation and aggressive use of American power , he made it much harder for Democratic liberals to do this on their own . By embracing so much of President Bush 's national security program , Obama has forged a bipartisan consensus that further marginalized the left and made it harder for them to gain much traction . Opinion : Edward Snowden , want my advice ? Finally , liberals have been split on this issue . The intense animosity toward Bush created the appearance of unanimity , but , in reality , divisions loomed all along . Now that Democrats have been able to debate national security with their own president in the White House , it is clear that many liberals , like Feinstein , believe the government needs to take these steps . Efforts to attack the United States , ranging from the failed plot to bomb the New York City subways to the Boston bombings , have offered a reminder of the chronic risks the nation faces . "  What do you think would happen if Najibulla Zazi was successful ? " Feinstein asked , referring to his effort to bomb a New York subway . "  There would be unbridled criticism . Did n't we learn anything ? Ca n't we protect our homeland ? " But Democrats must also remember that too much consensus can lead to bad decisions . During the late 1940s and early 1950s , many liberal Democrats feared being seen as "  soft on communism , " and allowed reckless and random attacks on Americans accused of allying with the Soviets . This dangerously eroded civil liberties and destroyed many lives . During the early 1960s , Lyndon Johnson 's refusal to listen to the many critics of his Vietnam policies led him deeper and deeper into the quagmire of that war . And during the late 1990s and early 2000s , Democratic fears of being seen as weak on defense led to a ratcheting up of concern about Iraq that helped give Bush the political space he needed to send American troops off to war . It is possible that further revelations supplied by Snowden to The Guardian newspaper 's Glenn Greenwald will energize liberal opponents of national security policy and build pressure in Congress for serious investigations and possible reform . But the odds are slim . Opinion : U.S. intelligence community is out of control It 's more likely that most liberal critics of the administration will remain silent and our equivalent of what President Dwight Eisenhower in 1961 called the military-industrial complex -- the intricate web connecting defense contractors , the military , members of Congress and the executive branch -- will continue to grow . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : There 's less emphasis on NSA spying than Snowden 's whereabouts Zelizer : Democrats silent on intrusion of the surveillance program ; some defend it Zelizer : Partisans are harder on the opposition , but this can be dangerous He says liberal critics of NSA will probably remain silent as excesses in security grow
AUSTIN , Texas  CNN  -- Lady Bird Johnson , who was first lady during the 1960s and in her later years became an advocate for beautifying public landscapes , died Wednesday , family spokesman Tom Johnson said . She was 94 . Lady Bird Johnson 's real name was Claudia . She was the widow of Lyndon Baines Johnson , sworn in as the nation 's 36th president on November 22 , 1963 , just hours after President John F. Kennedy 's assassination . Lady Bird Johnson was briefly hospitalized last month with a low-grade fever . She was released and returned to her Austin home on June 28 . After suffering a stroke in 2002 that limited her ability to speak , she communicated chiefly by writing . Upon news of her death , Texas Gov. Rick Perry ordered flags in the state to be flown at half-staff . "  Lady Bird Johnson embodied all that is beautiful and good about the great state of Texas , " Perry said . "  She inspired generations of Americans with her graceful strength , unwavering commitment to family and keen sense of social justice . " The former first lady was born Claudia Alta Taylor in 1912 in Karnack , Texas , a small town near the Louisiana line . She got her unusual nickname while still a toddler from her nurse , who proclaimed the child was as "  purty as a lady bird . " Lady Bird attended St. Mary 's Episcopal School for Girls , a junior college near Dallas and then transferred to the University of Texas at Austin . She graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in history in 1933 , then stayed an extra year to earn a journalism degree . She hoped to become a newspaper reporter , but those plans changed after she met a 26-year-old congressional aide named Lyndon Baines Johnson . Watch the former first lady 's life in restrospect " They married in 1934 after a whirlwind courtship and soon moved to Washington . Early on , Lady Bird Johnson proved herself to be the quintessential political wife . In 1937 she used part of an inheritance to fund her husband 's first bid for public office and campaigned with him to win a congressional seat . She used more of her mother 's money and Johnson 's connections to purchase a faltering Austin radio station in 1942 for $ 17,500 . She turned it around and later used the station as a base for a multimillion-dollar communications company based in Austin . After three failed pregnancies , she gave birth to the Johnsons ' first daughter , Lynda Bird , in 1944 , followed by Luci Baines three years later . Lyndon Johnson rose quickly in politics , becoming the youngest Senate majority leader . In 1960 , Johnson set his sights on the presidency but lost the Democratic nomination to Kennedy . A day later , he agreed to become Kennedy 's running mate . Lady Bird Johnson traveled more than 35,000 miles during that campaign . After one of the closest presidential elections in U.S. history , Johnson was sworn in as vice president on January 20 , 1961 . With Kennedy 's assassination , Johnson became the 36th president . As the Johnsons moved into the White House , Lady Bird Johnson "  went around and went to all of the staff that was remaining in their jobs , told them how happy she was to have them there , " said Leticia Baldridge , Jacqueline Kennedy 's former social secretary . "  She needed their help . She needed their support . And , of course , they all just immediately turned from supporting the Kennedys to supporting the Johnsons . That 's what the staff does in the White House . " In the landslide election of 1964 , Lyndon Johnson won victories in the Northeast , West and Southwest . Of the eight Southern states that many had expected to vote for Republican Barry Goldwater , six went for LBJ -- in part , it was said , because of the first lady 's efforts . During her husband 's one term as president , Lady Bird Johnson worked tirelessly for the beautification of America , promoting the Highway Beautification Act , which sought to limit billboards . She was also a strong advocate for the Head Start program . Lyndon Johnson died in 1973 . In 1982 , she founded the National Wildflower Research Center outside of Austin . The center was renamed the Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center in 1998 . Its mission is the research and preservation of native plants throughout the United States . E-mail to a friend	Former first lady , widow of Lyndon Baines Johnson , dies in Texas She was treated last month for fever , suffered a stroke in 2002 Former Claudia Alta Taylor was successful businesswoman After term ended , she became highway-beautification advocate
CNN  -- If you can believe it , it 's been 25 years since Edward James Olmos portrayed real-life math teacher Jaime Escalante in "  Stand and Deliver . " Escalante , a Bolivian immigrant , taught in a tough East L.A. high school and pushed his lowest-achieving students to learn calculus . The inspirational role won Olmos a Golden Globe and garnered him an Academy Award nomination for best actor , a first for an American-born Latino . Since then , he 's played memorable roles , such as Lt. Martin Castillo in "  Miami Vice , " Abraham Quintanilla in the film "  Selena " and William Adama in "  Battlestar Galactica . " Now , in his newest role as executive producer and actor in "  Filly Brown , " he plays lawyer named Leandro who tries to help Mexican-American hip-hop artist Maria Jose ` Majo ' Tonorio , aka Filly Brown , and her family get her mom out of jail . The late Jenni Rivera plays the part of Majo 's mother MarÃa and Lou Diamond Philips plays the father who takes care of Majo and her younger sister . Olmos took some time to talk to CNN about the genuine portrayal of Jaime Escalante , what Latinos can do to make it in Hollywood and why Filly Brown 's story needs to be told . It 's been 25 years since "  Stand and Deliver " premiered in theaters . Did you ever imagine that the movie would be so successful and influential as it 's been ? I do n't think anyone could 've predicted that . Teachers use  it  as part of their curriculum . Millions of kids see it every year . That 's why the movie is so well seen . It 's amazing what that movie has done with the youth . I do n't think anyone could have guessed that it would be used the way it 's being used . It continues to be inspirational . You 're very well-known for choosing your roles carefully . How genuine was your portrayal of Jaime Escalante ? Everything I did was him . I just copied him as much as I possibly could . All his mannerisms , the way he moved , the way he walked , the way he touched his hair . I saw him do all these things and then just did it all . He worked with me to get the character just right and his memory was always right on . We wrote the script together from day one . What advice do you have for other Latinos trying to make it in Hollywood ? Just do n't give up . The only people I know who do n't make it are the ones that quit . They must be continually educating themselves in the art form . Every day , seven days a week for eight consecutive years , I was on stage : singing , talking , acting and performing . It 's like playing a piano . Have you heard of a musician that 's really successful not playing their instrument everyday ? Never , never . They play religiously . If I can brush my teeth everyday , I can do something I love everyday , even when I do n't feel like doing it . That 's really the key to success in this industry and in anything you do . Do the things you love to do when you do n't feel like doing them . Hollywood has been known to hesitate to use Latino people to tell these Latino stories . Why do you think that is ? I do n't think that they feel like there is a need a for it . The industry does n't have anything against Latinos . If they are feeding them American food like hamburgers , and they 're eating it by the billions , why do they have to feed them Mexican food ? They do n't because they like it . Why should Hollywood back actors who can not bring in the money ? That 's going to take time . Can you tell me a bit about your role in "  Filly Brown ? " I play an attorney who tries to help Filly Brown get her mother out of prison . I 've never played an attorney before . And , I 'm also the executive producer for the film . The film is a co-directed by Yussef Delara and Michael D' Olmos . How was it working with your son ? It was great . It 's always fun to work with your family . I 'm very grateful for it . My other son , Mico Olmos , helped produce it . It 's been a family affair . Why do you think it 's so important to tell the story of "  Filly Brown ? " It 's a story that 's never been told before in the history of film . That 's a good reason to do anything . There 's never been a movie of a Latina hip-hop artist who raps her poetry as well as her songs . What was it like to work with Jenni Rivera , as this was the first time she took on an acting role ? That was probably the most inspirational part of the filming process . She ended up becoming the most inspirational artist on the set . Gina Rodriguez  who plays Majo  and her were just amazing . They just really committed , and their technique was so strong . Their ability to create the reality was just profound . Those that have seen it are left stunned . You will see if you have n't already , it 's the best final scene in a movie that I 've seen in years . What do you want the audience , Latinos as well as non-Latinos , to take away with them after watching their film ? You ca n't go through this life alone . You do n't reach the clarity that you do in life unless you work with your family . And , if the Academy has an opportunity to see this film , they will get to see truly riveting performances in a very modest film . "  Filly Brown " opens in theaters on Friday , April 19th .	25 years since Edward James Olmos portrayed real-life math teacher in "  Stand and Deliver " Key to success in industry : "  Do the things you love to do when you do n't feel like doing them . " Olmos starring in new film , "  Filly Brown " , opening Friday , April 19th "  There 's never been a movie of a Latina hip-hop artist who raps her poetry and writes songs . "
CNN  -- Power-sharing talks in Zimbabwe have stalled , with the government and main opposition parties unable to agree on the distribution of ministries . A women holds a sign inside a Harare hotel where power-sharing talks took place Thursday . Just one day earlier , there were reports that President Robert Mugabe 's ruling ZANU-PF party and the opposition Movement for Democratic Change  MDC  were close to reaching an agreement . But that fell apart Thursday . "  We 've reached a deadlock on the issue of allocating ministries , therefore we 've referred the issue to the facilitator hoping that he finds creative ways of unlocking that deadlock , " said MDC spokesman , Nelson Chamisa . "  We are hoping that tomorrow the process will continue to try and find a resolution to the outstanding issues . " Mugabe acknowledged that the negotiations have stalled . "  We are hopeful for a breakthrough , " he said . "  The MDC has their position , and we have ours . "  What we need is a compromise on both sides . " It was reported Wednesday that the ZANU-PF party would oversee the Justice and Legal Affairs Ministry , while the MDC would control the Finance Ministry . Mugabe sounded confident at the conclusion of Wednesday 's negotiations , saying : "  We finish tomorrow . " But MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai was cautious . "  The proceedings have been going on quite circuitously , but we have not concluded , " he said . Both parties said they would consider the deal overnight . However , MDC spokesman Chamisa said Thursday that the two sides were deadlocked . "  There has been some movement , but not enough to seal the deal , " he said . It also appeared that more ministries remained on the table than had been indicated Wednesday . "  What we seek is to achieve an equal distribution of the key ministries and responsibilities for the sake of giving the deal a chance , " Chamisa said . "  It is not on just Finance . They range up to 10 : Justice , Information , Defense . " The allocation of government ministries had emerged as the latest hurdle in efforts to sort out the power-sharing deal signed by Mugabe and Tsvangirai on September 15 . The deal allowed Mugabe to retain his office while making Tsvangirai the prime minister . Arthur Mutambara , head of an MDC splinter group , became deputy prime minister . The two sides were sorting out the distribution of Cabinet posts last Saturday , when the state-run newspaper published what it said was the official list . That list gave key government ministries to the ZANU-PF , including Defense , Home Affairs , Foreign Affairs and Justice and Legal Affairs . The MDC said it had not agreed to the selections , but a ZANU-PF spokesman said all parties had given their approval . Former South African President Thabo Mbeki , who mediated talks to reach the power-sharing deal , arrived in Zimbabwe on Monday to participate in the negotiations . Media reports Wednesday had suggested the talks were stalled because Mugabe wants to shield his generals -- accused of election violence earlier this year -- from prosecution . Giving ZANU-PF control of the Justice Ministry would ensure no generals are tried , and the MDC has assured Mugabe they will not go after those allegedly responsible for the violence , according to another CNN source . Of the other ministries , ZANU-PF was fighting hardest to retain finance , sources told CNN . They said the party fears that if the MDC controls that ministry , it could audit how money has been spent by Mugabe 's government . It is widely believed that the government misappropriated funds and used the public purse for itself , enriching party loyalists with government contracts and neglecting to develop the economy , which has all but collapsed . ZANU-PF would let go of finance only if the MDC promised not to investigate how government money was used in the past , the sources said . The contention around the home affairs portfolio is more complex . Mugabe had suggested that ZANU-PF and MDC share that ministry , with each party having control for six months . For years , the home affairs portfolio has been under the control of a key Mugabe ally , a ZANU-PF faction called ZAPU that has helped Mugabe retain influence in Matabeleland , an area where the president is hated . Mugabe fears giving home affairs to the MDC will alienate ZAPU members , causing them to join the opposition and further weakening the ruling party . Home Affairs also controls the voter rolls , which Mugabe 's government has been accused of manipulating . The recent disputes threatened the power-sharing agreement , which was to end months of turmoil and violence after the country 's presidential election in March . Tsvangirai garnered the most votes but did not win enough to avoid a runoff with Mugabe , who has ruled the country since independence from Britain in 1980 . The MDC leader withdrew days before the June 27 runoff , alleging that Mugabe 's supporters had waged a campaign of violence and intimidation against opposition supporters . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report .	Parties tussle over finance , home affairs portfolios Reports suggest talks also stall because Mugabe wants generals protected Mugabe , Tsvangirai signed power-sharing deal on September 15 The deal was to end months of turmoil and violence after the presidential poll
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Jamaica 's Usain Bolt is officially the fastest man on the planet as he set a new 100 meters world record of 9.72 seconds at an international meeting in New York . Bolt served notice of his immense talent ahead of the Beijing Olympics by breaking the world 100m record . Bolt was trimming two hundredths of a second off the record previously held by fellow-Jamaican Asafa Powell and for good measure relegated world champion Tyson Gay to a distant second . The 21-year-old had served notice of his excellent form by running a world 's second fastest time of 9.76 seconds in Jamaica last month and he quickly took control of Saturday night 's Reebok Grand Prix showdown with Gay , who finished in 9.85 seconds , still a personal best . Bolt gave credit to a big contingent of Jamaicans who were in the crowd to watch his feat . "  Just coming here , knowing a lot of Jamaicans were here giving me their support , it meant a lot , " Bolt told the Associated Press . "  I just wanted to give them what they wanted . " "  He ran a perfect race , " Gay said . "  I 've got to take my hat off to him . " "  An awesome athlete , " said Shawn Crawford , who finished sixth and witnessed history from two lanes inside of Bolt . "  The time shows it . " The lanky 1.95 meter Bolt had produced his previous best performances before this year over 200 meters and finished second to Gay at this distance in last year 's world championships . With doubts over his starting ability in the 100 meters , Bolt was even pondering a move up to 400 meters in favor of the 100 . But the record changes all that and with Powell , who is recovering from a chest injury , and Gay he will be among the favorites for the 100 meters at the Beijing Olympics . He faces a showdown at the end of June with Powell at the Jamaican national championshps . Also at the Jamaican event will be Veronica Campbell-Brown , who won the women 's 100m on Saturday in 10.91 , the fastest time of 2008 . The start of the night was delayed by an hour because of threatening weather the area and the meeting was briefly hit by a storm which left the track shimmering with a moist sheen ahead of the race of the night . Bolt was assisted by a healthy tailwind of 1.7 meters per second , just under the limit at which a record can be set . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Jamaica 's Usain Bolt sets 100m world record of 9.72 seconds in New York Fellow-Jamaican Asafa Powell held the previous world record of 9.74 seconds World champion Tyson Gay of United States finishes second in 9.85 seconds
CNN  -- Kate Ryan 's fiancé will not let her live down the fact that she chose a hotel for their weekend getaway from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , to New York based on the teenage drama "  Gossip Girl . " Ryan , a 26-year-old public relations executive , watches the CW show regularly . Like many viewers this past season , she took notice when the show 's resident bad boy , Chuck Bass , opted to invest in some New York real estate , the very real Empire Hotel on Manhattan 's Upper West Side . "  We walked into the lobby and my fiancé was like , ` Oh , now I know why you wanted to stay here , even though this hotel is in a horrible neighborhood , ' " Ryan recalled . It is women in their 20s and early 30s , like Ryan , who have built a fan base for "  Gossip Girl " and who are now driving traffic to the hotel across the street from Lincoln Center . While hotels in New York have been suffering over the past six months because of the nationwide recession and an increase in the supply of hotel rooms in the city , The Empire Hotel has seen a 5 to 10 percent increase in bookings and a 50 percent increase in Web site traffic since September . The marriage between property and television show began last summer when the production company called David Bowd , the president of hotels for Amsterdam Hospitality , which owns the Empire Hotel , and said it was looking for a hotel for location filming and also to include as a quasi-character on the show . "  They were looking at three major competitors of ours at the time , " Bowd said . "  They finally picked us and I thought it was a great match for the hotel because we already catered to a young , affluent crowd in New York City with our rooftop lounge . " The show started filming quietly in the hotel 's rooms and lobby over the summer . The hotel made its TV debut at the start of the fall season when Chuck Bass began living and working out of the hotel . Its bright red sign is featured prominently on the show . "  My phone never stopped ringing from folks in the industry asking ` Really ? ' " Bowd said . "  But I thought it was a great idea . I watched as a woman around 17 years old came to stay at the hotel with her mother . She did n't realize that the show would be filming and she nearly hyperventilated right there in the lobby . " It is girls like that and women like Ryan who are driving traffic to the hotel these days . That is an invaluable asset as tourist traffic is up and business travel is down . "  I think that teenagers can dictate where their parents stay over vacation and we saw a lot of that over the Thanksgiving holiday and into the bookings for Christmas and New Year 's , " Bowd said . Alanna Lopez manages the front desk and concierge service for the Empire and said there is no shortage of guest questions about the show during the room booking process . "  The standard questions we get are about how often the cast shoots and when they will be back . A lot of people call just wanting to know if they really shoot here in the hotel or whether they just use the name , and I have to tell them that yes , they really do shoot on location here , " Lopez said . On site , most of the questions Lopez and her staff are asked do n't come from starstruck teenagers . They come from women Ryan 's age . "  The questions here come from girls in their 20s and 30s . They want to know if Chuck Bass is really as cute as he is on the show and if the girls are actually skinny in person , " Lopez said . When the show 's stars , Blake Lively , Leighton Meester and Ed Westwick , are at the hotel filming , it is n't unusual for crowds of around 400 people to gather outside the hotel 's entrance on West 63rd Street . The Empire 's boom comes amid an overall decrease in occupancy for hotel rooms throughout the rest of New York . John A. Fox , a senior vice president with PKF , a consulting hotel advisory firm , reviews hotel numbers every day . He noticed an uptick in the Empire 's numbers recently but had not thought to attribute it to the hotel 's guest appearance in a television show . Fox said the rest of New York 's hotels are just starting to put the dark days behind them . Compared to the Empire 's increased sales , occupancy for the city as a whole has been at 81 percent , down 5 points from 86 percent last year . Additionally , room rates have been down , decreasing by around $ 70 last year . The change , Fox said , comes from the replacement of business travelers to the city with the kind of tourists who are flocking to the Empire . "  You can compare it to what ` Sex & the City ' did for the shoes -LSB- of -RSB- Manolo Blahnik , " said branding expert Todd Brenard of The James Group . "  It increases the awareness of the hotel to a national audience and people who are loyal viewers of the show will want to experience in their lives what they see the characters experiencing . Plus people who are new to New York will already feel like they know the hotel and that is comforting for out-of-town travelers . " The hotel 's staff has been enjoying capitalizing on its newfound fame . They hired cocktail consultant Somer Perez to concoct a menu of "  Gossip Girl " - themed cocktails for the property 's rooftop bar and lounge , including the "  I 'm Chuck Bass , " a mix of Dewar 's Scotch and apple cider that the menu promises will start out sweet and turn sour , much like the character played by Westwick .	New York 's Empire Hotel is regularly featured on the CW 's "  Gossip Girl " The hotel has seen a 5 to 10 percent increase in bookings since September The show 's stars , Blake Lively and Ed Westwick , draw crowds when filming there
CNN  -- Dubai could lose its place on the Women 's Tennis Association Tour calendar after Israeli Shahar Peer was denied entry to compete at this week 's event , the WTA supremo warned Monday . Shahar Peer told CNN she learned of her visa ban Saturday , just before her scheduled flight to Dubai . Peer was scheduled to fly into the United Arab Emirates on Sunday , but was informed Saturday night by telephone that she would not be granted a visa . WTA Chairman and CEO Larry Scott said the Sony Ericsson WTA Tour "  will review appropriate future actions with regard to the future of the Dubai tournament . " Scott added : "  The Sony Ericsson WTA Tour believes very strongly , and has a clear rule and policy , that no host country should deny a player the right to compete at a tournament for which she has qualified by ranking . " Peer , who had just finished playing in the Pattaya Open in Thailand , where she reached the semifinal , said she is "  very , very disappointed " to have been denied the opportunity to play in Dubai . "  They really stopped my momentum because now I 'm not going to play for two weeks and because they waited for the last minute I could n't go to another tournament either , " Peer said from Tel Aviv . "  So it 's very disappointing , and I think it 's not fair . " Watch Peer describe her disappointment " Scott , meanwhile , confirmed : "  Following various consultations , the Tour has decided to allow the tournament to continue to be played this week , pending further review by the Tour 's Board of Directors . "  Ms. Peer and her family are obviously extremely upset and disappointed by the decision of the UAE and its impact on her personally and professionally , and the Tour is reviewing appropriate remedies for Ms. Peer . " Scott said Peer 's visa refusal has precedence : Last year an Israeli men 's doubles team was denied entry to Dubai . He said the Emirate cited security reasons following recent unrest in the region . "  At that time I was in Dubai . I made it clear to the authorities , the representatives of the government , that next year when our top players wanted to play this very prestigious tournament all of them had to be allowed to play , " Scott said . "  They had a year to work on it and solve it . We 've spent time through the year discussing it . We were given assurances that it had gone to the highest levels of government , " Scott said . "  I was optimistic they would solve it . And we 've made crystal clear to the government , to the tournament organizers that there could be grave repercussions not just for tennis in the UAE but sports beyond that . " Watch CNN 's interview with Larry Scott " The Dubai government issued a short statement through the state-owned news agency , saying that Peer was informed while in Thailand that she would not receive a visa . The agency quoted an official source in the organizing committee saying , "  The tournament is sponsored by several national organizations and they all care to be part of a successful tournament , considering the developments that the region had been through . " Earlier an official source who did not want to be named , said , "  We should check what happened in New Zealand , when Peer was playing there with all the demonstrations against Israel during the attacks on Gaza . We have to consider securing the players and the tournament . " In January , a small group of about 20 protestors waved placards and shouted anti-Israel slogans outside the main entrance to the ASB Classic tournament in Auckland . They were moved on before Peer played her match . The Israeli player said she 's received phone calls of support from her fellow players . " ` All the players support Shahar , " world No. 6 Venus Williams told The New York Times , adding , "  We are all athletes , and we stand for tennis . " Peer is uncertain of her next move . She said the last-minute decision had left her at a loose end . She said she was concerned about her points and ranking and may go to the U.S. this week to try to take part in another tournament . "  I do n't think it should happen , " she said . "  I think sport and politics needs to stay on the side and not be involved . I really hope it 's not going to happen again , not only to me but to any other athlete . " CNN Dubai bureau chief Caroline Faraj contributed to this report	Israeli tennis player back in Tel Aviv after being denied entry for Dubai event Shahar Peer told night before tournament she would not be granted visa by UAE WTA chief Larry Scott warned Dubai tournament could lose place on calendar Scott : "  This runs counter to everything we were promised and is a setback "
CNN  -- It 's a World Cup photograph taken over 40 years ago . Shot on film , and after the game , but it still ranks as one of the most memorable and impactful of football images . At the 1970 tournament , legendary Brazil player Pele and England 's 1966 World Cup-winning captain Bobby Moore share an open embrace and dazzling , relaxed smiles after the heat of battle against each other on the pitch . "  It 's a wonderful moment . Two legends , that natural expression , friendship and admiration . There 's a real power to that photography , " says CNN Digital 's director of photography Simon Barnett . Photographer John Varley captured that moment while many others around him were changing film or were unaware it was unfolding . "  This is a great example of a picture that most of us could take these days if we 're keeping our eyes open . Look around . You can get moments like these . And they really resonate , " Barnett tells CNN 's Sports Photography Masterclass series . "  There 's no reason not to take a lot of pictures nowadays . You can delete them afterwards , " he adds . "  Keep your mind open to imagery because it can come from the most surprising of places . " Fast forward almost three decades later , to another iconic image that also stands the test of time -- but portrays peak action instead of the quiet power of an off-the-field interaction . It was the 1998 World Cup final in Paris . France 's goalkeeper Fabien Barthez dramatically foiled Brazil 's superstar striker Ronaldo as the home side pulled off a shock 3-0 victory . "  It 's a remarkable peak action photograph and it works as well because there was a whole backstory with Ronaldo that day , " Barnett explains . Ronaldo , the World Cup 's all-time leading scorer , was the best player of the tournament . However , there was a controversy that day when he was initially not named in the starting lineup . Rumors spread that he had a pre-match seizure . Despite this , Ronaldo did take the field for a Brazil side heavily favored to win . "  They ended up losing and Ronaldo had a pretty bad game on top of that . So there 's a metaphor here for what a bad day Ronaldo had , " says Barnett . "  Typically you go into these World Cups and you assume it 's a straight-up sports event . But then something else happens -- this added drama that soccer sends . " iReport : Send us your best football photos While there is a lot at stake for players on such big occasions , the photographers are also out to make a name for themselves . In this case , the snapper was Simon Bruty -- well known for his work with Sports Illustrated . The magazine 's layout is probably the reason this particular shot of Ronaldo and Barthez was shot as a vertical , says Barnett . "  Photography tends to be horizontal and certainly in this day and age where we 're looking at pictures on a screen , on our phone , on our iPads , horizontal is typically the way to go , " he explains . "  Now Bruty was shooting this for Sports Illustrated so I 'm sure in the back of his mind was to get the cover , which is one of the rare places that you can actually have a really good use for a vertical picture . "  And I believe this was going to be the cover until it got overtaken by a picture of  American football legend  Mike Ditka smoking a cigar , for whatever reason . " The equipment Bruty used then seems ancient compared to today 's technology , which Barnett calls "  truly staggering . " "  As a photo editor , we used to pick up the phone and ask photographers , ` Did you get it ? ' Now the question is , ` Where is it ? ' " he says . Even in the four years since the last World Cup in South Africa , the speed at which photography moves from field to office is much faster . "  Quite literally we can be seeing pictures within the minute , " Barnett says . "  Photographers are shooting on the sidelines . Those images instantaneously go to their picture editors , be it in New York or Rio . They are editing and they are being sent to us . " And what about in the next four years , when the World Cup is played in Russia ? How will photography have changed ? "  Right now the way we take still photos is we press the button to start the camera . I 've got a feeling you 're going to get to a place where you press the button to turn the camera off , " Barnett predicts . He says the process will entail looking at a game afterwards to pick out the best angle and most important moment . But despite the technical wizardry of our age , Barnett says the talent of an experienced photographer will always have cache . "  Technology has made the job easier . But the analogy I 'd give is that cameras these days are like Formula One racing cars . But the real difference is who 's driving the car . If I try to drive one of those cars , I 'm not going to win a race . You give it to a professional driver -- they 'll win races . "	Photo of Pele 's 1970 meeting with Bobby Moore captures football legends Shot of Ronaldo tumbling at 1998 World Cup sums up Brazilian 's problems Sports photography is moving into a new hi-tech age
The Frisky  -- I know you are really , really upset -- but can you stop crying for a second so we can talk about the fact that Katherine Heigl is finally leaving "  Grey 's Anatomy ? " Long overdue , as far as I 'm concerned . She has been annoying me since day one . How bad can the job really be ? Hmmm , let 's see . You get paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to show up on set for 12 episodes -- then you get half the year off . Yeah , I think I 'd quit too . Her publicist claims she 's out of there because she wants to spend more time with her newly adopted daughter , and that becoming a mother has "  changed -LSB- her -RSB- desire to work full-time . " That 's sounds like sunshine and moonbeams and all , but the truth is that she 's been petitioning to get Dr. Izzie Stevens written off for the last three years . Since her BFF T.R. Knight left , I suspect . At least we can have some fun imagining how they might get rid of her . Drug overdose ? Amnesia ? Doctors Without Borders ? Sex tape ? Fun ! Anyway , considering her last few movies were ludicrous rom-coms and she has a rep for biting the hand that feeds her , I 'm thinking she may not be too popular in Hollywood after this . Plenty of other celebs have left cushy TV jobs for bigger and better things . Let 's see how nine of them fared . The Frisky - Sandra Bullock and other celebs who ditched the dead weight 1 . Amanda Seyfried thinks she 's too big for the filming schedule of "  Big Love . " That 's why she 's leaving the show -- to move back to New York City , pursue her film career , and live life to the fullest by eating spinach and seeds and popping pills . Mazel Tov , Amanda ! But we 're not sure how this is going to go for you . 2 . Fans went crazy when ABC announced that it was canceling "  My So-Called Life " after just one season . But then it came out that Claire Danes was the one who wanted the show to end -- she was ready to move on to a film career . She 's had some hits , "  Romeo & Juliet " and "  Shopgirl , " but she will always and forever be Angela Chase . 3 . She 's never confirmed it , but when "  The O.C. " killed off Marissa Cooper in the season finale of season three , most people assumed it was because Mischa Barton wanted to move on . The show trucked on without her -- for a season . Mischa 's career , on the other hand : as dead as Marissa after the car wreck . Frisky - 8 female stars who dated their managers 4 . Rose McGowan replaced Shannen Doherty when good witch Prue Halliwell was "  killed off " of "  Charmed . " Now she 's working her magic on the judges of "  Dancing With the Stars . " Abracadabra ! Save my career ! 5 . Never thought I 'd say this , but I 'm actually glad that Tina Fey left "  SNL " to go on to write , produce , and star in "  30 Rock . " Yeah , she 's pretty much taking over the industry and making money with much more than her looks . The Frisky -- Britney and J. Lo did it : How a "  How I Met Your Mother " cameo can turn a career around 6 . Hunky George Clooney left "  ER " in its fifth season to become the A-list movie star in the front row at the Oscars . A winning move ? I 'd say yes . 7 . Nicollette Sheridan was so desperate to be polished like the jewel that she believed she was that she left "  Desperate Housewives . " She called the show "  complacent , " but creator Mark Cherry said her time was up because she had already slept with everyone on the show . Rumor has it that she has a new TV show coming out . Let 's see if that jewel shines . The Frisky - 10 stars whose relationships went sour after they found fame 8 . Viewers cried and stuff when Kal Penn 's character on "  House " committed suicide only to stop crying when they found out he 'd accepted a position at the White House . Because it 's nobler to actually help people than to play someone who does it on TV . 9 . While Kal Penn joined the real White House , Rob Lowe left the fictional one on "  The West Wing " because he did n't think there was a place for his character , Democrat Sam Seaborn , anymore . And then he went on to play Republican politico Robert McCallister on "  Brothers & Sisters . " Politics will eat you alive , man . TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Claire Danes was the one who wanted "  My So-Called Life " to end Mischa Barton has never confirmed she wanted "  The O.C. " to kill off her character Heigl 's publicist says she 's leaving the show to spend more time with her daughter
CNN  -- With the sweltering summer bidding adieu and pleasant autumn temperatures setting in , now 's the time to explore New Delhi . Travelers to the Indian capital may hesitate to try the city 's famed street foods , fearing the notorious "  Delhi belly . " But skip the street food scene and you miss an essential part of the Delhi experience . Here are seven street delicacies among Delhi 's endless choices , including a mix of vegetarian , non-veg and dessert . Ram laddoo Desperate for an energy boost after a tiring shopping session ? A plate of ram laddoo is your fix . Ram laddoo  "  laddoo " is a name for sweet flour balls  are savory , deep-fried moong balls served with chili-coriander sauce and garnished with grated radish . Served in silver-colored , throwaway plastic bowls , one serving of six-to-seven balls is a great power snack or even lunch . Best to try it at the make-shift ram laddoo stalls , sometimes on a bicycle , that are strewn across town . If you are n't lucky enough to see one , try it at Lajpat Nagar main market . Chaat Sitting under a tiny tin-roofed shop in and downing deep-fried potato patties floating in a blend of yogurt , spicy green and red sauces served in leaf bowls is a definitive Delhi experience that even hardcore locals ca n't get enough of . Chaat is a collective term used to describe savory street dishes in India , especially these three : aloo tikki  described in the gallery above  , dahi bhalla  cutlets of skinless black lentil-like gram submerged in yogurt  and papri chaat  a hybrid of aloo tikki and dahi bhalla with salty , plain biscuits thrown in  . Many Delhi chaat addicts flock to a narrow alley behind the Union Public Service Commission 's office near Khan Market  Humayun Road , Pandara Flats , India Gate , New Delhi , India  . Prabhu Chaat Bhandar 's  Dholpur House , Shahjahan Road , Khan Market , New Delhi ; open daily 11 a.m.-9 p.m.  range of chaat options do the trick for a satisfying dinner . Parantha Located in a remote corner in old Delhi 's Chandni Chowk area , Paranthe Wali Gali  Lane of Paranthas  is home to some of Delhi 's best-known parantha joints . The chapati 's stouter , fancier cousin , parantha is a pan-fried flatbread generally stuffed with vegetables , such as mashed potato , grated cauliflower and radish . It 's a popular breakfast item in Delhi 's Punjabi households . Paranthe Wali Gali offers innovative parantha options . As you plonk down in one of the Gali 's tiny , crammed restaurants , you 'll find a number of delicious offerings : Indian rabri  sweet yogurt  parantha , mirch  red pepper  parantha , and lemon parantha  prepared from lemon zest , and probably the best this street has to offer  . Samosa Samosa is chaat 's close competitor for the title of "  Definitive Delhi Street food " title .  If there was such a thing . It is to India , perhaps , what momo dumplings are to Tibet and bagels are to certain parts of the United States . As most people know , samosas are deep-fried , triangular pastry pockets , packed with potato , peas , lentils and sometimes meat . Although they 're often served as an appetizer at Indian restaurants around the world , they can be paired with chaat for a full meal . Great places to try samosas in Delhi include Rewari Sweets  Sadar Bazar , Gurgaon , India ; +91 124 232 1826 ; open daily 8 a.m.-8 :30 p.m.  and Bengali Sweet House  27-33 , Bengali Market , Connaught Place , New Delhi ; +91 11 2331 9224 ; open daily 8 a.m.-11 p.m.  . Kebabs Traveling to Delhi and not trying the kebabs ? Not done . A legacy left behind by the Mughals , who invaded India in the 16th century , the grilled meats served on skewers make the best on-the-go protein meals . You can typically choose among mutton or chicken kebabs . The Chandni Chowk and Hazrat Nizamuddin areas house some of the best kebab outlets in Delhi . If you are n't up for the large crowds in these bustling locations , you can take refuge in the more accessible Qureshi 's Corner in Greater Kailash II  8 , Narmada Shopping Complex , Alaknanda , New Delhi ; +91 11 2602 0563 ; open daily 7-11 p.m.  . Chola bhatura No snack this , chola bhatura is for people with huge appetites . Fluffy , plain , flour bread combined with a chickpea curry , garnished with chopped onion and served with a tangy mango pickle , chola bhatura is a Delhi meal staple . It works both as a lunch and dinner item . Baba Nagpal Corner in Lajpat Nagar is arguably the best chola bhatura area in New Delhi . But if you find yourself in Karol Bagh or Rajouri Garden , you could hop into any of the numerous chola bhatura shops . Faluda kulfi After consuming mouth-burning delicacies it 's kulfi time . Kulfi is India 's local ice cream , made with milk and a smattering of dried fruits . There are 57 varieties in all . The queen of them all is faluda kulfi  faluda is a popular rose milk flavor dessert drink with vermicelli noodles  . The trusted Krishna Di Kulfi in Pandara Road Market serves kulfi with the heavenly faluda , a beverage consisting of rose milk and vermicelli .	If you have n't tried these street foods , you have n't been to Delhi The most iconic chaat are aloo tikki , dahi bhalla and papri chaat The best kulfi ice cream is topped with rose milk faluda
Over the Indian Ocean  CNN  -- The P8 Poseidon dips to the marked spot on the right , tipping closer towards the newly set search zone in the southern Indian Ocean . The entire right window of the spotter 's seat is filled with azure blue , zooming by at 302 mph . We 're 500 feet above the ocean , but to my untrained eye , it looks so close it 's as if I 'm on a high diving board skimming a swirling sea . "  We saw a couple of things on our way in , " explains U.S. Navy Lt. Josh Mize , the tactical coordinator of Rescue 74 , the call sign for Friday 's mission to seek out debris from missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . The P8 is a Boeing 737 souped up with classified U.S. government electronics and intelligence , powered by jets that move it more nimbly than any consumer plane on the civilian market . I 'd love to show you a picture of it , but the State Department forbids any pictures by civilians , ordering me to leave all electronic equipment on the ground . Petty Officer 1st class Robert Pillars called for the "  mark on top , " the signal for the P8 crew to immediately mark the coordinates on the map . Pillars spotted white objects floating in the distance . I 'm one of three reporters on this embed to the new search area . Just hours before , the Australian government said credible evidence supported moving the search 680 miles northeast of the prior search zone . I 'm clutching the military green life vest on this tilting jet , wondering if this might just be the debris of Flight 370 . We make a second pass over the mark . The 360-degree rotation camera positioned just behind the front landing gear spins around , capturing something in the water . Lt. Clayton Hunt , the patrol plane commander , calls in three items to the regional communications center : the white objects spotted by Pillars , an orange rope and a blue-green bag . The P8 requests that a boat head to the objects and check on them . But the items do n't appear important enough to drop a tracking buoy . Four other planes will report similar debris to the Australians from the new search area . The P8 continues on , in the hunt to find debris from the missing plane . "  Mowing the ocean " The two-hour , 20-minute flight to the new search zone is casual and lighthearted , as the Navy crew adjusts to journalists peppering them with questions . The P8 , described by Boeing as the world 's most advanced anti-submarine , anti-surface warfare aircraft , flies along a bright fuchsia line on the radar screen . The flight plan estimates a 3,000-mile trip . Once in the search zone , the fuchsia line forms a rectangle , with the plane crossing a horizontal path of about 200 miles , heading north 13 miles , then back across the 200 miles . It repeats the pattern twice . The plane will fly low to surface , at 500 feet . Lt. Kyle Atakturk , the P8 's patrol plane pilot , calls it "  mowing the ocean . " At the search area , the chatter stops . The crew 's voices lower to a whisper over their closed communications on headsets . This is the ninth trip to the Indian Ocean for the Kadena-deployed naval crew . On half of those trips , says Lt. Clayton Hunt , the team has spotted something . Today 's weather is in stark contrast to yesterday because "  visibility 's been awesome , one of the best two days we 've had , " says Hunt , the commander . The current is so calm that the plane 's shadow follows on the water 's surface , perfect and zooming below . If something 's out there , Hunt says , "  Oh yeah , we 'd see it . " But finding something and finding the plane 's debris are two very different discoveries . "  Every mission we see dolphins and seaweed , " says Petty Officer Pillars , shaking his head . "  Every time , I get like that . See it it in the distance , then get excited . And then find out its seaweed . We want to find something . " Pillars ' near-boyish enthusiasm about the mission is infectious , in stark contrast to the seriousness of his eyes as they track a pattern across his spotter 's window . You can tell Pillars wants to sit at the window as long as he can , rotating out only when his judgment tells him he needs to rest his eyes . Farther down what the crew calls "  the rail , " because of the side-by-side radar monitors and chairs , sits Mize , the tactical coordinator . He 's in charge of the operation outside the cockpit . "  Our mission is to find it , " says Mize , his Southern drawl curling around his serious words . "  Do I feel it ? Yeah . I want to give them answers . " By "  them " he means the families of the Malaysia Airlines passengers . The P8 crew , all pilots and crew aboard a plane , feel a kinship with the lives lost in the sky and the families left wondering . "  I think if I was in their shoes , I 'd want proof , " says Lt. Nick Horton who , along with Atakturk and Hunt , is one of three patrol plane pilots on this mission . "  Not knowing is the hard thing , right ? " Silence The P8 continues quietly . The crew chat into their headphones , inaudible above the noise of the jet . Beyond the one sighting early into the search , there 's been only vast , calm sea . About 1,500 miles into the trip , halfway through the search , the crew prepares to drop a "  sonobuoy . " The P8 is equipped with these devices , which it ejects into the ocean to establish drift rate by transmitting a radio frequency signal to the aircraft . The last search zone was so dynamic that it had no pattern and moved 150 yards in three minutes . With a muted "  whoop " sound , the sonobuoy is ejected . I can see a faint white parachute from the plane 's video camera for a second and then it 's gone into the endless blue of the ocean . The light fading on the day , Pillars is in his final shift at his spotter 's window . The infrared camera comes on ; the blue sea is green and black on the grainy screen . The pilots announce the P8 is climbing to 37,000 feet , lifting out of the search zone and returning to Perth Airport . The team has had one spotting -- at best , a possible lead . It returns to the airport , greeted by another P8 that now joins the mission , more air power to try to bring the pieces of this puzzle home . Hopes dashed as orange objects turn out to be fishing equipment Get up to speed on the latest developments A flight attendant 's husband wants to give children answers , but has none	CNN reporter Kyung Lah travels with a U.S. Navy search team over the Indian Ocean The P8 is a Boeing 737 souped up with classified electronics and intelligence Patrol plane scours vast area at 500 feet above the water New search area is based on what Australian government said was credible evidence
London  CNN  -- The president of Rwanda on Thursday denied as "  absurd " reports that Tutsis entered the Democratic Republic of Congo over the course of 10 years and massacred Hutu refugees there . "  If it happened , if it ever happened , that would be a problem , " President Paul Kagame told Becky Anderson on CNNI 's "  Connect the World . " "  But , as far as I 'm concerned -- and as I know , and as many Rwandans know -- that it did not happen , " he said . But a draft U.N. report is the latest to allege that the Rwandan military and an allied rebel group massacred ethnic Hutu in neighboring Democratic Republic of the Congo between 1993 and 2003 . More than 1 million Rwandans -- most of them Hutu -- fled west to neighboring Congo after the Rwandan genocide of 1994 , in which an estimated 800,000 Tutsis and moderate Hutus were killed by extremist Hutu militia in a wave of ethnic cleansing . In 1996 , Rwanda invaded Congo in pursuit of the genocide orchestrators . Rwanda 's stated goal during that time was to end the refugee crisis in eastern Congo . But the U.N. draft report says that the Rwandan military did not discriminate between fugitives and refugees , nor did it discriminate by age or gender . "  The majority of the victims were children , women , elderly people and the sick , who posed no threat to the attacking forces , " it says . "  Tens of thousands of Hutu civilians were slaughtered with knives , bludgeoned with hammers and burned alive as the Rwandan army and the Allied Democratic Liberation Forces swept across Congo -- then called Zaire -- leading to the toppling of dictator Mobutu Sese Seko , " the draft report says . "  The numerous attacks against the Hutus in Zaire , who were not part of the refugees , seem to confirm that it was all Hutus , as such , " it says . Although independent researchers have documented crimes against humanity committed by the Rwandan government , the draft report is the most official and forthcoming accusation made so far . The draft report , which was leaked late last month , was commissioned by the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights . The United Nations has said the final report will be made public next month . Kagame has rejected the draft 's findings and threatened to pull Rwanda 's peacekeeping forces out of Darfur in southern Sudan if the report is published unchanged . Last week , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon visited Kigali in an attempt to mollify Kagame and keep him from carrying out his threat . Such accusations against Rwanda are motivated by people attempting to "  create an equivalence , " Kagame said . "  They have been trying to say ... there are two genocides : There is one genocide of Tutsis and there is another genocide of Hutus . " He added , "  This is nonsense ; this is absurd . " Asked if the United Nations was wrong in its conclusion , he said , "  The U.N. has always been wrong on the issue of Rwanda , not only in terms of statements , but in terms of actions they carried out or did not carry out when they were in Rwanda and the genocide took place . " He added , "  They should just keep quiet . " But he did not deny that deaths occurred . "  Certainly , there are -- there is death when there is war , when there is a conflict . " The bottom line , he said , is that Rwanda is currently at peace , and the conflict is no longer an issue . "  We have overcome the past , the tragedy , the different problems , " he said . "  We are moving on . " Kagame , who recently won a second seven-year term as president , said he will not seek a third term . "  This is my last term , " he said , vowing to observe constitutional term limits that would bar him from running again .	Rwandan president denies massacre of Hutus in neighboring Dem . Republic of Congo "  This is nonsense ; it is absurd , " Paul Kagame says of U.N. draft report More than 1 million Hutus fled into what was then Zaire after 1994 genocide in Rwanda
CNN  -- Australia 's Prime Minister Tony Abbott on Tuesday refused to apologize over damaging allegations that Australia 's intelligence services spied on Indonesia 's President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , tapping his personal mobile phone and those of his inner circle . "  Australia should not be expected to apologize for the steps we take to protect our country now , or in the past , any more than other governments should be expected to apologize for the similar steps they have taken , " Abbott said in an address to parliament . "  Importantly , in Australia 's case , we use all our resources including information to help our friends and allies , not to harm them , " Abbott said , adding that Australia should not be expected to detail what it does to protect its country any more than other countries do . "  I want to make it absolutely crystal clear , Australia has deep respect for Indonesia , for its government , and for its people , " he said . "  I regard President Yudhoyono as a good friend of Australia , indeed as one of the very best friends that we have anywhere in the world , that 's why ... I sincerely regret any embarrassment that recent media reports have caused him . " He said that it was in everyone 's interest that "  cool heads prevail " over the spying scandal that has engulfed his new Liberal government . On Monday , the Indonesian government took what it described as "  the serious step " of withdrawing its ambassador from the Australian capital Canberra . Jakarta also summoned Australian ambassador Greg Moriarty to voice its anger at allegations that Australia had been spying directly on the Indonesian president . Earlier on Tuesday , President Yudhoyono released a series of angry Tweets -- translated from Bahasa Indonesia into English and signed "  SBY " to indicate they come straight from the president -- in which he attacked Abbott over a perceived lack of remorse over the revelations . "  I also regret the statement of  the  Australian Prime Minister that belittled this tapping matter in Indonesia without any remorse . * SBY * , " the tweet read . "  These US & Australian actions have certainly damaged the strategic partnership with Indonesia , as fellow democracies . * SBY * , " an earlier tweet read . Indonesia earlier this month expressed outrage over reports that Australia 's Jakarta embassy was used as part of a U.S.-led spying network in Asia . In his series of tweets , Yudhoyono called on the Australian government to "  give us an official answer which can be understood by broader Indonesian society about the tapping . " While the direct attack on Abbott is likely to be a blow for the new Liberal government , which has made much of maintaining good relations with its populous northern neighbor -- a key ally and trading partner -- Abbott has been consistently unrepentant about the revelations . Speaking in parliament on Monday , Abbott had said : "  The Australian government never comments on specific intelligence matters . "  All governments gather information and all governments know that every other government gathers information . "  I will never say or do anything that might damage the strong relationship and the close co-operation that we have with Indonesia , which is all in all our most important relationship . " Indonesia 's objections stem from reports in the Australian Broadcasting Corporation  ABC  and Guardian Australia that said Australian intelligence tracked Yudhoyono 's mobile phone for 15 days in August 2009 , monitoring the calls he made and received . The intelligence agency also tried to listen in on what was said on at least one occasion . But the call was less than a minute long and could not be successfully tapped , ABC reported . The two media outlets cited documents provided by Edward Snowden , the U.S. national security contractor-turned-leaker .	Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott refuses to apologise over spy allegations He tells parliament that information is used by Australia to "  help not harm " its allies Indonesia on Monday withdrew its ambassador to Australia in protest Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono fired off a series of angry tweets over the issue
CNN  -- At least 16 people in Iraq were killed Tuesday in 10 car bombs , police said . At least 90 people were wounded . Three blasts occurred in the capital , Baghdad , and seven were reported to the south , in Babil province . Three of the suspected bombs blew up in Babil 's capital , Hilla . Amateur video posted on YouTube shows a car exploding in a garage in Hilla , a huge blaze and several vehicles on fire . Iraq has been engulfed in political and sectarian violence for months . Sixteen people were killed in separate attacks Monday .	Car bombs go off in Baghdad and Babil province Dozens are wounded in 10 incidents Iraq has been beset by violence
CNN  -- "  Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you did n't do than by the ones you did do . So throw off the bowlines . Sail away from the safe harbor . Catch the trade winds in your sails . Explore . Dream . Discover . " -- Mark Twain Italian mountaineer Reinhold Messner , whose expeditions have inspired others to seek adventure Adventure comes to those who seek it . Some are born with an adventurous streak , an insatiable curiosity that can only be quelled through discovery , while others seek out adventures as a means of conquering the demons within : fear , boredom , stagnation , a sort of dry rot of the soul . We see adventurous people as being somehow different from ourselves : stronger , braver , tougher , fitter . They are versions of our best selves : the doers in life , the fearless , those who go over the mountain and come back to tell us what 's on the other side . While we may think the true adventurers are a species apart , we are all adventurers at heart -- yet sometimes the urge is stifled by modern life . The lust for adventure is planted in childhood . How many of us sat enthralled under the blankets as our parents read us the adventures of the Famous Five , "  Treasure Island , " "  Where the Wild Things Are , " "  The Swiss Family Robinson , " "  Tarzan " and "  Peter Pan " ? Children weaned on such stories may be forgiven for assuming adulthood is one long adventure that swings wildly between jungles , swamps , deserted islands and alpine heights . Yet modern life is increasingly sedentary and safety-conscious . The desire for comfort and convenience ameliorates our contradictory urge to explore . A few have it thrust upon them : stranded in an inhospitable place , lost in a jungle or called up for combat -- and they find themselves dropped in an adventure that they may not have chosen ; but for the main part , adventure comes to those who seek it . Dr. James Thompson , a senior lecturer in psychology at University College London , says seeking adventure is more common "  amongst people who are extroverted , who are outgoing , who are sociable , because one of the things they need -- apart from the excitement of people -- is excitement generally . " But if you think adventure is something that only happens to other people ; that you are too unfit to climb a mountain , too scared to sail across the open sea , too nervous to travel through a country where you ca n't speak the language ; perhaps you should rethink . After all , having an adventure could be good for you . Psychologists have linked adventure-seeking with a range of positive qualities . Adventure can : Following the stories of this age 's greatest adventurers such as polar explorer Douglas Mawson , Everest climber Edmund Hillary and mountaineer Reinhold Messner , we are encouraged not just to follow their paths up mountains or along rock faces -- they also inspire us to take more risks , to seize more from each day . Who could fail to be inspired after watching CNN interview the world 's greatest living mountaineer , Reinhold Messner ? In 1980 , Messner was the first person to ascend Mount Everest alone without supplementary oxygen . Later , he crossed Antarctica on skis . He tells CNN anchor Becky Anderson : "  I 'm a normal person , a totally normal person , and I was really lucky in my life to have to have the opportunity to follow my dreams . So in the beginning I was a rock climber , and all my enthusiasm , my energy and my willpower went into rock climbing . " Many young people are naturally adventurous -- throwing their energy and enthusiasm behind sport , hobbies and travel . Witness the explosion of school leavers taking gap years  a year off in between school and university or the workforce  , with the destinations becoming more and more exotic and activities accompanying the travel designed to expand their mind as well as their horizons . But later in life , we can wake up and find our lives leeched of adventure . We may be loaded down with a mortgage , kids or a demanding job . Adventure then becomes something we prefer to read about rather than live . We fall into the trap of the armchair traveler and become transfixed by all the journeys we did n't make . Instead of setting out on our own expeditions , we read Joe Simpson 's account of his near-death mountaineering experiences in "  Touching the Void . " Or we follow Sebastian Junger 's account of wild sea adventures in "  The Perfect Storm . " But while we are great armchair adventurers , a craving for the real thing can stir in us when we feel the need to change and shake things up . Women in their 40s are leading the charge towards adventure . A survey released by the Adventure Travel Trade Association in March 2007 said today 's typical adventure traveler was "  female and fortyish . " "  Women make up the majority of adventure travelers  52 percent  worldwide , with the most common destination being South America , " said the trade association . The survey of travelers from 35 countries also found that people aged 41 to 60 are the highest participating age group in adventure travel . A survey by YouGov in the UK has identified a new subset of British -- the Nifty Fifties . They 've had the responsible jobs and raised their children -- and now they want adventure . Tesco Life Insurance has noticed : "  They 've decided to take the five star version of the student gap year , encompassing all of the adventure with none of the discomforts . Neither burgeoning waistlines nor graying hair is going to hold them back . " Some older people are inspired to seek adventure by their children 's gap year experiences . Others just want to spend their kids ' inheritances . In a survey of older people carried out by Tesco Life Insurance they compiled the Nifty Fifty wish list . Adventure is a common component to their aspirations , the most popular of which are noted below : Tony Wheeler , one of the founders of guidebook giant "  Lonely Planet , " is now an aging baby-boomer , yet he still pops up in Iran , a place that has recently dominated headlines the world over for all the wrong reasons . In a recent piece in UK newspaper The Observer , he also recommends holidays in North Korea , Iraq and Afghanistan . Messner now is 63 years old and although he no longer has the strength of his youth , he is still setting himself challenges . "  So my challenge today is this one  setting up a museum  , I will finish this one and afterwards I will invent a new challenge and it will be not on Everest and not in Antarctica it will be probably in a mental dimension because mentally we can go very far also in later years , " he told CNN . But the yearning for adventure can strike at all ages . Dave Wroe , 33 , and Penny Bradfield , 28 , both gave up exciting jobs in the Australian media to travel . They are spending April and May in Iran and have already braved trekking in the Amazon , train travel across India , diving in Syria and traveling in Columbia . "  I see adventure as going beyond something you feel comfortable with . If you are uncomfortable going to the end of your street and you go beyond this , then you are being adventurous , " said Wroe . Wroe has a point . You do n't have to emulate the deeds of Messner to be an adventurer . The spirit of adventure can infiltrate all areas of your life . You can infuse life 's "  ordinariness " with an adventure : cooking a meal that you may not have tried before , walking to work on a different route , striking up conversation with someone at the office whom you perceive to be intimidating . Successfully pushing your natural boundaries can lead to increased confidence . "  The general things which determine whether you start being adventurous is your personality and your youth . But once you start noticing that you have been able to overcome a challenge , it becomes a reward in its own right , " said Dr. Thompson . For Messner , adventure now takes place on the ground , with establishing a climbing museum and being elected a member of the European Parliament . Speaking to CNN with the mighty mountains behind him , there was a restless but playful look in his eyes . He said he was n't the type to sit around , drink beer and collect his pension in his old age . Adventure is so much a part of his life , it seems , that it is an urge that can only be extinguished by death . And so while the strength in his body diminishes , the adventures will take place in his mind . Messner is an extraordinary man , and while most of us would struggle to climb Everest with or without oxygen , we can still emulate his spirit of adventure in our daily lives .	Italian mountaineer Reinhold Messner has inspired others to seek adventure Psychologist Dr. James Thompson says adventurers tend to be more extroverted Women in their 40s are leading the charge towards adventure Insurers say "  Nifty Fifties " are seeking adventures once the kids have left home
Washington  CNN  -- Republican Scott Brown lost his second Senate race in two election cycles on Tuesday , as Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen defeated him to win a second term , according to a CNN projection . Shaheen said late Tuesday night that Brown had called her to concede , and praised him for a "  vigorous race . " The race represented Republicans ' best chances at picking up a Senate seat in the Northeast -- one that was vital for Democrats to protect as they faced majority-threatening challenges elsewhere . Over the summer , Brown used a series of crises to nationalize the race -- arguing that President Barack Obama and , by extension , Senate Democrats like Shaheen , are unable to govern effectively . He was among the first Republican candidates to call for a travel ban from Ebola-stricken countries in West Africa . He ran ads focused on ISIS and the border security , and focused much of his campaign on hitting Democrats over illegal immigration . Shaheen , meanwhile , turned to core Democratic economic issues and issues affecting working class voters and women . She hit Brown over what she argued were impossible-to-peg stances on lifting the minimum wage and mandating equal pay . She accused him of supporting GOP tax measures that promoted outsourcing while representing Massachusetts in the Senate . View the full results And on issues like Ebola and ISIS , Shaheen repeatedly decked Brown for "  fear-mongering " and "  grandstanding . " Perhaps most interesting , though , was that Brown was a candidate in New Hampshire at all . In 2010 he rocketed to national stardom among conservatives when he put thousands of miles on his truck in deep-blue Massachusetts , defeated Martha Coakley and grabbed deceased Massachusetts Sen. Ted Kennedy 's seat in a special election . But Brown lost that seat two years later , in a campaign against a much tougher Democratic opponent -- liberal icon Elizabeth Warren . A year later , after a trip to Iowa and a brief flirtation with the idea of running for president , Brown moved to his home state of New Hampshire and decided to take on Shaheen -- who Republicans viewed as vulnerable , but did n't have anyone with the star quality it 'd take to beat her prior to Brown 's arrival . Shaheen cast Brown as a political opportunist , while Brown emphasized his roots in a state that he left when his parents divorced . CNN 's Magic Wall Midterm coverage	Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen won a second term , defeating GOP challenger Scott Brown Brown previously represented Massachusetts in the Senate , but lost re-election in 2012 Brown had tried to nationalize the race , focusing on Obama 's handling of Ebola , ISIS and immigration
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Investigators with bomb-making components in their luggage and on their person were able to pass through security checkpoints at 19 U.S. airports without detection , according to the Government Accountability Office . Passengers pass through security at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago , Illinois . GAO officials are expected to testify about the investigation Thursday before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform . The investigators reported that most of the time security officers followed Transportation Security Administration policies and procedures , but investigators were able to take advantage of "  weaknesses in TSA procedures and other vulnerabilities . " "  These weaknesses were identified based on a review of public information , " the planned GAO testimony says . Investigators concluded that if they had attempted the same test at other airports , they would have evaded detection . But the GAO did not detail the weaknesses because they "  are sensitive security information . " The investigators obtained the bomb-making components at local stores and over the Internet for less than $ 150 , according to testimony . Watch a tester point out a TSA mistake " The GAO said its investigators also tested the devices that could be built with the components they smuggled and discovered that "  a terrorist using these devices could cause severe damage to an airplane and threaten the safety of passengers . " The GAO investigators devised two types of devices : an "  improvised explosive device " made of a liquid explosive and a low-yield detonator , and an "  improvised incendiary device " that could be created by combining commonly available products prohibited in carry-on luggage . The GAO said it found the instructions for creating the devices "  using publicly available information , " including Internet searches . According to the testimony , a transportation security officer barred one of the investigators from bringing an unlabeled bottle of medicated shampoo through the checkpoint . But the security officer allowed a liquid component of the improvised explosive device to pass through undetected , although that item is prohibited by the TSA . In another test , the investigator put coins in his pockets to assure he would get a secondary inspection . But the officer , using a hand-wand and a pat-down , failed to detect any of the prohibited items the investigator was carrying . The GAO said it had briefed the TSA on its findings "  to help them take corrective action . " In testimony to be provided to the same congressional committee , TSA chief Kip Hawley defends the administration 's policies and procedures , saying that the screening checkpoints are but one of a "  multilayered approach to security . " "  We recognize that , despite our efforts to make each layer as strong as possible , a concerted effort may target any one layer , " according to the testimony . "  Our ongoing success is a result of the tremendous power in the reinforced , multiple layers . Truly , the whole is greater than the sum of the parts -- and together , they are formidable . " Hawley sketches for members of Congress 19 security steps the TSA employs before , during and after checkpoint screening . "  Each and every one of these 19 security layers is important and strong in its own right , " he says . "  Linked together , they are effective and daunting . " Although it would not discuss the specific nature of its recommendations , the GAO said it recommended establishing special screening lines based on risk and passengers with special needs . The TSA should introduce more "  aggressive , visible and unpredictable " measures to detect concealed items and develop new technology for screening at checkpoints . Hawley 's said the TSA concurs with the GAO 's recommendations and specifically discussed several "  new technology " items that he said were "  greatly improving our effectiveness in detecting prohibited items . " Among the new technology , he said , were whole body imagers , bottled liquids scanners , hand-held explosives scanners and advanced technology X-rays . And , he added , "  our pursuit of new technology is not limited to what I described today . " He also said the TSA is constantly conducting covert tests of the screening process , including detection of prohibited liquids and IEDs . "  The nation 's aviation system remains secure , " he said , "  but requires ongoing improvement and vigilance to stay ahead of the threat of terrorism . " E-mail to a friend	GAO : Investigators took advantage of "  weaknesses in TSA procedures " GAO : Those "  weaknesses " were not detailed for security reasons GAO said terrorists using same items could seriously compromise a flight Transportation Security Administration : Checkpoints only part of total security
