CNN  -- Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh dismissed his Cabinet on Sunday , according to Tareq Al-Shami , a spokesman for the country 's ruling party , but has asked the officials to stay on until a new Cabinet is appointed . The move followed what sources said were the weekend resignations of two top Yemeni officials to protest a government crackdown on protesters that left 52 people dead last week . "  The Embassy of the Republic of Yemen hereby would like to express its condolences and heartfelt sorrow for the loss of innocent lives , " read a statement released Sunday by the Yemeni embassy in Washington , D.C. "  The perpetrators of this heinous act will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law . " According to the statement , Yemen 's chief prosecutor has launched an investigation into the shootings at Sanaa on Friday and is questioning 17 suspects accused of orchestrating the massacre . News of Human Rights Minister Huda al-Bann 's resignation came from an official in her office who is not authorized to speak to the media and asked not to be named . A foreign ministry official told CNN about the resignation of Abdullah Al-Said , Yemen 's ambassador to the United Nations . Al-Said was replaced by Abdullallah Yahya Alsalal , according to Yemen 's embassy in the United States . The resignations came amid new signs of cracks in support for Saleh . Senior ruling party member Mohammed Abulahoum said Sunday that Saleh "  should seriously consider a good , safe exit strategy " to "  prepare the foundation in Yemen for a good transfer of power from him to the next authority or president . " Abulahoum "  strongly " condemned Friday 's violence , and in protest , has withdrawn a plan he proposed to mediate between the president and the opposition . Members of Saleh 's own tribe are also calling for him to step down , according to Yemeni ruling party officials who have asked not to be named as they are not authorized to speak to the media . Tens of thousands of people protested Sunday outside Sanaa University in the capital , eyewitnesses said . CNN was not able to independently confirm the size of the protests . Funerals were held Sunday for some of the people killed in attacks Friday , with bodies of the victims carried through the streets . In addition to the fatalities , more than 100 people were hurt Friday in clashes between tens of thousands of anti-government protesters and security forces outside the university , medical officials on the scene said . Saleh announced that a state of emergency had been declared , and he expressed his "  deep regret " over the casualties . Witnesses said the clashes began after government supporters and anti-government demonstrators threw rocks at each other . Security forces shot into the air and then into the crowd ; they also fired tear gas to try to disperse the crowd , witnesses said . Yemen has been wracked by weeks of unrest , with thousands protesting Saleh 's government . High unemployment has fueled much of the anger among a growing young population steeped in poverty . The protesters also cite government corruption and a lack of political freedom . The president has said he will not run for another term in the next round of elections . He also has pledged to bring a new constitution to a vote by the end of the year and transfer government power to an elected parliamentary system . Journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report	NEW : Yemen announces probe of protest crackdown that killed 52 people President Saleh dismisses his entire Cabinet A top ruling party official says Saleh needs to think about quitting The human rights minister and ambassador to the United Nations step down
TLC 's "  Here Comes Honey Boo Boo " is ending its run . On Friday , TMZ reported that the network has canceled the series in light of claims that the program 's newly separated matriarch , June "  Mama June " Shannon , is dating Mark Anthony McDaniel , a man who served 10 years in prison after being convicted of aggravated child molestation in 2004 and who is a registered sex offender . Shannon said the reports that she 's dating McDaniel are "  totally untrue " but confirmed that "  as of right now , there will be no more production of the show . " Speculation that "  Here Comes Honey Boo Boo " was headed for cancellation began Thursday , when some outlets reported that the show 's future was in jeopardy because of Shannon 's alleged relationship with McDaniel . In a statement , TLC said that it was "  very concerned about this new information " and was "  reassessing the future of the series . " As rumors about her romantic life flew , Shannon tried to clear them up with a post on the personal Facebook page of daughter Alana "  Honey Boo Boo " Thompson . "  I want to make a post trying to clear up the rumors , " Shannon said Thursday . "  R  emember you ca n't believe everything you read !  People  sell stories to the tabloid everyday that r false ! It isnt true i promise my kids r # 1 priority over anything else and I would never put them in danger period over this or anything else they r my life this is my past I left him 10 yrs ago for it and I would n't go back . " TLC began "  Here Comes Honey Boo Boo " in August 2012 as a spinoff of its child pageant reality show , "  Toddlers & Tiaras . " Alana Thompson was one of "  Tiaras ' " breakout stars , and "  Honey Boo Boo " was launched to follow the spunky kid and her family at their Georgia home . The series , which also starred Alana Thompson 's three older sisters and her dad , Mike "  Sugar Bear " Thompson , averaged 2.4 million viewers an episode in its first season , establishing itself as a reality TV hit . The show 's fourth season wrapped up in August with 1.8 million viewers . Rumors about the show 's future were already floating in September , after Shannon 's separation from partner "  Sugar Bear " Thompson . Now , with production ceased , Shannon is focused on gratitude . "  We just want to thank from the bottom of our hearts the support that we 've had from our fans since May 2012 , " she said in a separate Facebook post set up to answer questions from fans . "  This experience has been awesome to us . ... Me and Sugar  Bear  really have broken up , but we are friends . We 're better off friends than we were a couple . Things happen for a reason in life , and you live and learn . "	TLC has reportedly canceled "  Here Comes Honey Boo Boo " Reports have claimed that Mama June is dating a sex offender June has refuted the claims in Facebook post
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Members of an Iranian group say Iraqi forces have beaten and abused them as Iraqis move to expel the Iranians from a camp on Iraqi land . About 3,500 people live at Camp Ashraf , where members of the People 's Mujahedin have lived for 24 years . The Iranian group -- designated a terrorist organization by the United States and Iran -- has asked the United States to intervene on their behalf . About 3,500 people live at Camp Ashraf , most of them members of the People 's Mujahedin Organization of Iran who have lived at the camp for 24 years after fleeing Iran . Iran , Iraq , Canada and the United States consider the People 's Mujahedin , which opposes the government in Tehran , a terrorist organization , although the European Union removed the group from its terrorist list in January . The United Kingdom did so last year . The People 's Mujahedin accused the Iraqi military of entering the camp north of Baghdad on Friday and forcibly evacuating a building that served mostly as a women 's dormitory . Ashraf residents rallied Monday against the military , chanting for Imam Hussein -- the Prophet Mohammed 's grandson and a holy figure for Shiite Muslims -- to save them from the abuse of the Iraqi soldiers . Statements from the National Council of Resistance to Iran , an umbrella group of Iranian opposition organizations -- the largest of which is the People 's Mujahedin -- accuse Iraq 's Shiite-dominated government of doing the bidding of Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , also a Shiite . "  The Iranian Resistance calls for urgent intervention of the U.S. government and competent international bodies to neutralize plots by the clerical regime and prevent a human catastrophe in Camp Ashraf , " said a statement dated Sunday . Iraq 's government denied that it was acting on Khamenei 's behalf . "  The Iraqi government 's position is clear and there is no retreat from its decision to close Camp Ashraf , " said a statement from the office of National Security Adviser Mowaffak al-Rubaie . "  The national security adviser is only implementing the decision and the policy of the Iraqi government . " The National Council also accused the Iraqis of barring delivery of all supplies to the camp except for food , banning Iraqi workers from entering the camp and blocking families from visiting relatives inside the camp . The Iraqi government statement denied keeping supplies from Camp Ashraf . "  The Iraqi government continues to facilitate all humanitarian materials entering Camp Ashraf , " the Iraqi statement said . " ... We welcome any visit by any international organization . " A People 's Mujahedin spokesman in Camp Ashraf called the statement false and asked international groups "  to visit Ashraf and observe the facts and realities of the present situation by themselves . " Camp Ashraf , which has housed Iranians since the mid-1980s , was under U.S. protection until January 1 , when it was handed over to the Iraqis . Maryam Rajavi , president-elect of the National Council and the long-time leader of People 's Mujahedin , sent a letter to President Obama asking for help against "  a conspiracy hatched by the religious dictatorship ruling Iran against the lives of 3,500 residents of Camp Ashraf . " Rajavi cited comments by Khamenei during a meeting with Iraqi President Jalal Talibani last month calling for the expulsion of the People 's Mujahedin from Iraq and later comments by former President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani during a trip to Baghdad calling for Camp Ashraf 's closure . After those remarks , the National Council said , al-Rubaie declared that the Iranians at Camp Ashraf had no right to refugee status or to political asylum and would be expelled either back to Iran or to a third country . Rajavi , in her letter to Obama , asked the president to "  issue an order so that the arrangements for the protection of Ashraf are reinstated to that which was in place before January 2009 , i.e. , the U.S. forces be tasked with the protection of Ashraf . " The U.S. military in Iraq had no comment on the matter , referring queries to the State Department , which did not have an immediate comment . Also known as Mujahedin-e-Khalq , People 's Mujahedin was initially formed to oppose the shah of Iran , but fell out of favor with the Islamic revolution of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini after 1979 . People 's Mujahedin , which promotes a secular , Marxist government for Iran , waged a violent campaign against the fundamentalist Islamic Tehran government -- including bombings that killed politicians , judges and Cabinet members -- for years . The group allied with Saddam Hussein in Iraq in the mid-1980s and fought with the Iraqis against Iran in the latter years of the Iran-Iraq war . People 's Mujahedin renounced violence in 2001 , but a group of 12 former members told Human Rights Watch in 2005 that they were subject to physical and psychological abuse when they made it known they wanted to leave the organization . The group is also said to have provided Western governments with information about Iran 's nuclear program . The National Council accused al-Rubaie in particular of "  clearly implementing the dictates of Khamenei " and said he should "  be prosecuted by international forces . "	People 's Mujahedin Organization of Iran have lived at camp for 24 years Group is considered terrorist organization by United States , others Iraqi government has decided to close the camp Group says Iraq is doing bidding of Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who group opposes
CNN  One person died and another was severely injured after a cliff collapsed on the Pacific Coast north of San Francisco , the National Park Service said . The two people fell about 70 feet  21 meters  Saturday when part of the Arch Rock overlook at Point Reyes National Seashore gave way . The day before the collapse , the Point Reyes National Seashore had posted a photo on Facebook of a fissure in the rock structure -- with a warning to use caution . "  Visitors using Bear Valley Trail to Arch Rock -- watch out ! At the very end of the trail , the cliff is breaking away -- seen here in a photo taken Wednesday , " the government organization said . The NPS said hazardous conditions had been reported to it on March 19 . John Dell ` Osso from the Point Reyes National Seashore told CNN that it had posted warnings after being notified last Thursday that a crack had formed in the arch . "  We posted all kinds of notices up and down that particular trail , which is how probably how 99 % of the people who would hike that far would  go  , and all around our visitors ' center in Trail Heads , just to warn people of the hazard that was out there , " Dell ` Osso said . "  We did n't know what could happen and what unfortunately did happen is on Saturday afternoon a large portion of that overlook actually collapsed down onto the beach and partly onto the ocean , " he said . "  The tragedy is that there were two people that were standing out there who fell with all of that rubble . " On Monday , the Marin County Sheriff 's Office named the deceased as 58-year-old Nancy Blum , from California . It said she had been hiking about 6:30 p.m. Saturday "  when a structural collapse of the rock occurred . " After emergency personnel reached Blum and her hiking companion , she was flown to Bear Valley Ranger Station , where she was pronounced dead . The National Park Service and the county coroner 's office are investigating the cause of Blum 's death . "  The cause of death will be pending the completion of toxicology studies , " the sheriff 's office said in a statement . Bluffs along the California coast are known for being unstable , according to the park service . The Arch Rock trail that runs along that part of the coast has been closed until further notice . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Officials had posted warning Friday that cliff was dangerous Two people fell about 70 feet when Arch Rock at Point Reyes National Seashore collapsed
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . Not too long ago , the generation gap meant parents did n't understand why ripped jeans cost twice as much as regular ones or why every other word coming out of their child 's mouth was "  like . " Now the gap means employers do n't understand why twentysomethings straight out of college expect a high salary and lots of vacation time . Employees under the age of 29 , also known as Generation Y , expect their employers to provide more benefits and other perks than their older counterparts , according to a new survey from CareerBuilder.com and Harris Interactive . Gen Y workers want better pay , a flexible work schedule and company-provided BlackBerrys and cell phones . Eighty-seven percent of hiring managers and HR professionals say Gen Y exhibits a sense of entitlement that older generations do n't . But not all Gen Y-ers see it that way . Mark Treichel , a recent college graduate , says it 's more an expectation of give and take than a sense of entitlement . "  Employers expect entry-level employees to have substantial work experience , be top of their class , dress professionally , et cetera , " Treichel says . "  Personally , I worked hard at two year-round internships while still going to school my last two years . I do n't expect high pay and a BlackBerry , but I do expect to be compensated for the hard work I put in preparing for the position . " Alison Bailin , 27 , also believes her generation wants to see a significant return on years of education . "  College expenses have skyrocketed , leaving many of us in debt , " says the account executive . "  Many career fields require one year or more of a -LSB- usually -RSB- unpaid internship , so we are joining the work force with a year or more experience than many previous generations . " Technology is largely responsible for the shift in expectations and employers ' willingness to adapt to them . Some of the world 's most visited Web sites , such as Facebook and YouTube , made their creators millionaires before their 30th birthdays . For some Gen Y-ers , this is ammunition when entering the work force . "  Companies desperately want to be a part of the Web 2.0 / user-generated content , MySpace , YouTube phenomenon . Who better to guide that shift than Gen Y ? " asks Matt Dornic , 26 , president of the public relations firm 3 Dog Communications . Dornic reminds employers that this generation of workers not only grew up during a technological revolution , they participated in it . "  We are a people that had cell phones in high school , " he says . "  Of course we are going to expect to have the most up-to-date gadgets in order to compete in today 's sleepless digital market . " Bailin agrees . "  I think if other generations had such technologies as cell phones and BlackBerrys , they would work toward getting them financed through work as well . " Bailin 's assessment emphasizes just how much her generation has incorporated technology into daily life . Forty-nine percent of employers cite Gen Y 's preference for e-mail or phone calls over face-to-face meetings as the biggest communication gap between Gen Y and co-workers . So what are companies going to do about it ? Fifteen percent of employers reported modifying their policies in order to appease their Gen Y employees . Of those employers who made changes , 57 percent implemented more flexible work schedules and 33 percent created new recognition programs . "  As companies ' cultures evolve with each generation , you see all workers benefiting from a variety of viewpoints and work styles , " says Rosemary Haefner , vice president of human resources for CareerBuilder.com . Just how much Gen Y-ers and their employers will accommodate one another has yet to be seen . One thing all workers , regardless of their age , should remember is that any new perks are available to everybody . E-mail to a friend Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	Survey : Employees under the age of 29 expect more benefits and other perks Generation Y employees are also expecting better pay out of college Technology is largely responsible for the shift in expectations
CNN  -- This month on Inside the Middle East , CNN travels to explore the constantly-expanding city of Abu Dhabi and talk to Sheikh Nahayan bin Mubarak Al Nahayan , Minister of Higher Education . Meanwhile , CNN Special Corrrespondent Philippe Cousteau embarks on his first visit to the Middle East and Schams Elwazer visits the Abu Dhabi Science Festival . Inside Abu Dhabi Recently marking its 40th national day , the UAE is a young country that has developed exponentially in the few decades since oil was discovered . We look at Abu Dhabi 's growth from palm leaf huts to landmarks like Yas Island , Emirates Palace , and Sheikh Zayed mosque . The city hosts events as varied as the Formula One grand prix and the World Future Energy Summit . Reflecting on how far Abu Dhabi has come , Minister of Higher Education Sheikh Nahayan bin Mubarak Al Nahayan gives IME a rare interview . Planting the Science Seed Imagine unwrapping a mummy , digging up a dinosaur or watching a tornado whirl inside a soap bubble . That is exactly what thousands of excited children ages 5-5 were doing at the Abu Dhabi Science Festival . Fun and games aside , the goal is to encourage kids to fall in love with science and technology . Currently 80 % of public high school students choose the liberal arts track over science . Schams Elwazer tells us how the "  magic " of science such as diet cola fountains and cube-shaped bubbles are actually a long-term investment in human resources . Finding Green in the Desert As an oil producing country , the United Arab Emirates has one of the world 's highest per capita carbon footprints , but there is more green here than one would expect . Thirteen percent of Abu Dhabi Emirate is designated as protected areas , including the marine habitats of endangered sea turtles and the desert home of the Arabian Oryx . The city recently hosted the Eye on Earth summit where we meet up with environmental advocate and CNN Special Correspondent Philippe Cousteau on his first trip to the Middle East . Campus Forum : Zayed University We visit Zayed University , one of the country 's main public universities . A landmark building made of curved steel and glass , the design of this new campus was inspired by desert dunes . The university was founded in 1998 with an all-female student body , but is now home to more than 7000 students of both sexes . At the end of a year where the youth of the region have literally made history , we ask students of this politically stable country to share their thoughts in our Campus Forum . Watch the January show at the following times : Wednesday 4 January : 1030 , 1730 Saturday 7 January : 1730 , 1930 Sunday 8 January : 1430 Saturday 14 January : 1230 Sunday 15 January : 0530 , 1930  all times GMT	This month , IME comes from the growing city of Abu Dhabi Minister for Higher Education Sheikh Nahayan bin Mubarak Al Nahayan gives CNN a rare interview UAE has one the highest carbon footprints in the world . Philippe Cousteau goes on his first trip to the region
CNN  -- Remember the food pyramid , the old symbol that showed us what a healthy diet looked like ? Well , forget it . First lady Michelle Obama and several other officials will unveil a new plate-shaped food icon Thursday that "  will serve as a reminder to help consumers make healthier food choices , " the White House said . . Obama will be joined by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and Surgeon General Regina Benjamin during the event at the auditorium in the Department of Agriculture . A Department of Agriculture statement , without describing the new icon , said it will be "  an easy-to-understand visual cue to help consumers adopt healthy eating habits . " "  We presume that it will be divided into sections that will show you how much of different types of foods you should be eating , " said Elizabeth Cohen , CNN senior medical correspondent , about the plate image . The move is part of Obama 's push to fight childhood obesity . Earlier this year , the first lady announced her campaign called Let 's Move , which is aimed at reducing childhood obesity in the United States within a generation . During her announcement in February , she urged parents , teachers , physicians , coaches and kids to get involved and suggested they look at the new Let 's Move website for tips and updates on beating obesity in children .	The new icon will be announced Thursday morning The move is part of first lady Michelle Obama 's push to fight childhood obesity The new icon will be "  an easy-to-understand visual cue to help consumers , " officials say
Rolling Stone  -- In the three years since Coldplay 's last album , the world 's problems have gotten a little more urgent . A cratering economy , riots from Tahrir to Tottenham , the prolonged ubiquity of the Kardashians -- these are things that ca n't be solved with a lullaby , even from the biggest band to emerge in the 21st century . Chris Martin knows this . But Coldplay 's fifth album -- and most ambitious yet -- suggests Martin cares too much not to at least try to help . Coldplay recently entered their second decade together -- the same point Springsteen made "  Born in the U.S.A. " and U2 made "  Achtung Baby " -- so it comes as no surprise they 'd want a zeitgeist-y , big-statement album of their own . On "  Mylo Xyloto , " the choruses are bigger , the textures grander , the optimism more optimistic . It 's a bear-hug record for a bear-market world . Aided again by Brian Eno , Coldplay are still dabbling in the kind of cool-weird artiness they truly went for on 2008 's "  Viva La Vida . " But where that album sometimes seemed like a self-conscious attempt to diversify their sound , with a world-music vibe and U2-style sound effects , this time Coldplay have integrated the "  Enoxification "  as they call it  into their own down-the-middle core : Check out the cascading choral vocals that augment Martin 's soaring refrain on "  Paradise . " Prominent elements prop up the sonic cathedrals : Jonny Buckland 's guitar , which is riffier and more muscular than ever , and Euro-house synths that would n't sound out of place at a nightclub in Ibiza . Martin says "  Mylo Xyloto " was inspired by 1970s New York graffiti and the Nazi -- resistance movement known as the White Rose -- it 's probably no coincidence both were about young people embracing art in times of turmoil . Here , Coldplay rage in their own lovably goofy way . On the rave-tinged "  Every Teardrop Is a Waterfall , " Martin imagines a revolution powered by dancing kids . "  Hurts Like Heaven " might be the first Coldplay tune to which you can bust something resembling a move . The lyrics seem to be about fighting the Man -- "  Do n't let 'em take control ! " -- but Martin sounds ebullient over a sproingy New Wave beat . Explicit political statements are n't really Martin 's thing ; he 's in the uplift business . "  Mylo Xyloto " suggests he 's fully embraced his role as a not-terribly-cool guy who 's good at preaching perseverance , in a voice that 's warm and milky like afternoon tea . By the time he croons , "  Do n't let it break your heart ! " over "  Where the Streets Have No Name " - style guitar sparkle near the album 's end , you ca n't help but think he 's an inspiration peddler who believes what he 's belting . Oddly enough , the best moments are darker ones . "  Princess of China " is a ballad about loss and regret , co-starring Rihanna . It 's a partnership that probably came together over champagne brunch at Jay-Z 's , but its synth-fuzz groove is offhandedly seductive . It 's followed by "  Up in Flames , " a minimalist slow jam . Martin sings nakedly about how breakups can feel like the end of the world , or maybe it 's about the actual end of the world . Either way , as end-times lullabies go , it 's pretty sweet . See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	On "  Mylo Xyloto , " the choruses are bigger , the optimism more optimistic Cascading choral vocals augment Martin 's soaring refrain on "  Paradise " "  Mylo Xyloto " was inspired by 1970s New York graffiti
CNN  -- The American people do not like Congress -- and they do n't like Congress at historic levels . Gallup polling showed that only 12 % of the American people approved of Congress in February . And it 's easy to see why . Americans think members of Congress have no interest in listening to them . According to a Public Campaign/Democracy Corps poll , they believe politicians ' priorities are first and foremost special interest groups , then campaign contributors , party leaders and the media . listening to their own consciences and their constituents tied for dead last . This is n't cynicism . It 's perfectly rational . Think about what we see every day on Capitol Hill . Members of Congress using elective office as little more than a gateway job to something more lucrative on Wall Street or K Street . There 's a constantly revolving door of Hill staffers cycling in and out of congressional jobs and high-paying gigs at industry lobby shops . We 've all known a cozy relationship exists between legislators and lobbyists . But often they 're in the same family . As CNN 's Drew Griffin reported for "  AC360ยบ , " 78 members of Congress can count federally registered lobbyists as family members . Those lobbyists number 100 , and according to congressional watchdog Legistorm , they have worked on lobbying contracts worth $ 2 billion . Republican Sen. Roy Blunt of Missouri , a member of the Agriculture Subcommittee of the Senate Appropriations Committee , is married to a lobbyist for Kraft Foods , a company that lobbied in 2013 on farm and agriculture bills . Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's son and son-in-law have lobbied Congress on a variety of issues . And this week , Reid faced questions about a payment to his granddaughter for "  gifts " for his campaign donors -- but he since said he was returning the money to his campaign . The personal conflicts of interest for lawmakers are only exacerbated by another big problem in Washington : Our pay-to-play campaign finance system . A smaller and smaller portion of our population has a bigger and bigger share of the influence over Congress . In the 2012 election cycle , a full 25 % of the $ 6 billion donated to political candidates and committees came from just one ten-thousandth of the U.S. population , according to a Sunlight Foundation analysis . That 's roughly the number of people in one New York City ZIP code . It means members of Congress are increasingly dialing for dollars or spending time with people who can write maxed-out checks to their campaigns . Those are n't people back in their districts . They 're lobbyists in Washington and bankers in New York . So far in 2014 , the Washington metro area is the biggest giver to campaigns -- listed above all the states -- even though the residents of the District of Columbia have no voting representative . The system creates a political inequality that leaves those unable to write big checks left out . It 's not what our Founding Fathers had in mind . We need to return to a government that is truly of , by and for the people , not bought and paid for by big money donors and special interests . There are ways we can turn the tide and get back to the kind of government we the people deserve . We need to strengthen revolving-door policies to make it harder for members of Congress and their staffs to shuffle in and out of Hill offices and swanky jobs in industry lobby firms . We need to enact stronger conflict-of-interest standards for family members of our elected officials . And most importantly , we need to have a campaign finance system that enhances the power of ordinary citizens through small donor-driven public financing of elections . Two bills recently introduced in Congress show us the path forward . In the House of Representatives , Democrat Rep. John Sarbanes of Maryland has introduced the Government by the People Act , and in the Senate , Democrat Majority Whip Dick Durbin of Illinois has introduced the Fair Elections Now Act . Both bills would use a refundable tax credit and matching funds on small donations to help lessen the influence of big money in our elections and empower everyday people . Candidates for Congress could forgo the constant fundraising from wealthy donors and special interest lobbyists , avoid the perception of being in their pockets and focus on representing the interests of their constituents . In other words , to do the jobs that they 're elected to do in the first place . In New York , a campaign to win similar legislation in that scandal-ridden state is just a handful of votes from passage . The American people have are fed up and do n't trust Congress . It 's time to turn that anger into action by getting behind efforts to fix our broken system with common sense solutions . If we do , we can once again have a government that represents exactly what our founders intended : we the people . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nick Nyhart .	The American people do not like Congress at historic levels and believe money rules 78 members of Congress can count federally registered lobbyists as family members 25 % of the $ 6 billion donated to candidates came from one ten-thousandth of the population Politicians do n't listen to those unable to write big checks , who are left out of process
CNN  -- Vietnamese authorities are on alert for animal smugglers after four bags of deadly snakes were found on a train from Ho Chi Minh City to Hanoi , according to local press reports . The bags contained an undetermined number of snakes including some king cobras , the on-line news service VnExpress reported . A guard and a conductor found them while inspecting the train when it made a stop at Quang Ngai railway station on Thursday , the website reported . The guard and conductor were not injured . Passengers panicked when they heard about the snakes , VnExpress said . The snakes , which are protected by law in Vietnam , were handed over to the Quang Ngai forest protection agency on Friday and released into the wild . Some of the snakes weighed more than one kilogram  2.2 pounds  each , said Nguyen Van Han , chief of the forest protection unit . Officials in Quang Ngai will increase patrols and inspection the North-South railway , roads and restaurants to prevent the smuggling of wild animals , according toTuoitrenews , an online publication of a Vietnamese newspaper . The king cobra is the world 's longest venomous snake with a length up to 13 feet  4 meters  according to New York 's Bronx Zoo , which had an Egyptian cobra escape earlier this year . That cobra was found in the zoo 's reptile house a week after it escaped from its enclosure .	Four bags of venomous cobras are found on a train bound for Hanoi , local press reports say They cause a panic among passengers The reptiles are handed over to a forest protection agency and released Authorities increase patrols searching for animal smugglers
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A motorist pleaded not guilty Tuesday to one count of murder and multiple other charges , three days after he allegedly drove his car into pedestrians at the famed Venice Beach Boardwalk in California , killing an Italian honeymooner . Nathan Louis Campbell , 38 , is charged with murder , 16 counts of assault with a deadly weapon and 17 counts of hit-and-run , said Deputy District Attorney Gary Hearnsberger . The charges include the special allegation of use of a deadly weapon , a car . Campbell , who was being held on $ 1.48 million bail , could face a life sentence if convicted . Campbell , wearing a blue jail jumpsuit at his arraignment , was handcuffed at the waist and wrists . When asked whether he wanted to waive his right to a speedy trial , Campbell answered , "  Yes , sir " during the brief appearance . Police : Driver ` bent on doing evil ' His court-appointed attorney , Philip Dube , said his client was "  very distraught " over the incident , but did not deliberately strike anyone . "  I do n't believe he intentionally tried to hit anybody , based on my cursory review of the case and my discussions with the D.A. , " said Dube . Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Keith L. Schwartz set the next hearing for September 4 . He and attorneys will discuss scheduling a preliminary hearing . Campbell is accused of driving his 2008 Dodge Avenger onto the boardwalk , killing 32-year-old Alice Gruppioni of Italy . She suffered blunt trauma to the head and neck , according to Los Angeles County coroner spokesman Ed Winter . Eight women and eight men were hurt Saturday , authorities said . "  It was horrible . I mean it was like something out of a movie , something you would never expect to see , " witness Katherine Blackburn told CNN affiliate KABC . The city boardwalk is a popular tourist attraction on the west side of Los Angeles , and is lined with hundreds of street vendors and performers . 15 injured at Venice Beach out of hospital Police said Campbell abandoned the vehicle a few miles from the Venice Beach incident and turned himself into Santa Monica police about two hours later . In a statement , Gruppioni 's family expressed thanks for prayers from "  so many around the world . " "  No words can adequately express the grief and sorrow we are feeling as we mourn the loss of a beautiful person , family member and young bride , " the family said . "  Thank you all for your concerns as we begin to search for answers . " New details emerged Tuesday about Campbell , who once worked at a residential substance abuse center in Denver , Colorado . Campbell was a chef and house manager at the Phoenix Concept from April 2010 to February 2012 , said David Hall , program director for the Sobriety House Drug and Alcohol Treatment Center . Campbell returned in December 2012 and worked until June before leaving , said Hall who declined to state the reason for his departure . "  While he was here he was a good employee and never had any issues that raised concern , " said Hall . According to its website , the Phoenix Concept merged with Sobriety House in October 2007 . It is a 30-bed facility for men challenged by addictions . CNN 's Erica Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : Driver did not intentionally hit anyone , lawyer says Suspect enters not guilty plea ; bail is set at $ 1.48 million Incident occurred at famed Venice Beach Boardwalk Family of killed woman releases statement
CNN  It 's a question that 's been burning ever since the moment gunmen stormed the Paris office of Charlie Hebdo : Are there other attackers out there ? It 's very likely , French Prime Minister Manuel Valls said . "  We are doing everything we can to dismantle what appears to be a network . ... No doubt there was complicity and networks and maybe finance also , " he told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . Investigators are still trying to piece together who was behind the Islamist terror attacks that killed 17 people . Clues have emerged tying the attackers to a man who was once al Qaeda 's top recruiter in Europe , and to training with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula in Yemen . Said and Cherif Kouachi , blamed for Wednesday 's attack on Charlie Hebdo magazine , are dead . So is Amedy Coulibaly , who authorities say killed a police officer , carried out an attack at a kosher market and might have shot a jogger . It 's not clear how many people might have helped them plot last week 's attacks . But Valls said they could n't have done it without help . "  I do n't really believe in the idea of the lone wolf , " he said . A key player who could help unravel details is Hayat Boumeddiene , Coulibaly 's partner and alleged accomplice . Early reports said she was by his side during the hostage siege at the kosher market . But now , investigators believe she was far from Paris when the attacks unfolded . Boumeddiene arrived in Turkey from Madrid on January 2 -- five days before the first attack in Paris , Turkey 's Anadolu news agency reports . Boumeddiene stayed at an Istanbul hotel and then traveled to Syria on Thursday , Andalou said . The last place authorities spotted Boumeddiene was somewhere near Turkey 's border with Syria . Police have searched an apartment outside Paris as they try to track her down . There investigators discovered ISIS flags , automatic weapons and detonators at an apartment rented out by Coulibaly , Boumeddiene 's partner and suspected co-conspirator , France 's RTL Radio reported , citing authorities . Authorities are looking into whether Boumeddiene helped prepare the attacks before leaving France , Valls told CNN . And there 's another concern , a U.S. intelligence official told CNN : Now that she is believed to have escaped to Syria , Boumeddiene could be used in propaganda videos to gloat about the attacks . France was on its highest alert level Monday as people went back to work and children returned to schools following the attacks . At least 10,000 soldiers and 8,000 police officers will be deployed across the country , French media reported . "  We must remain vigilant because the threat is still very much present , " Valls told CNN affiliate BFMTV . About 4,700 officers will be tasked with securing 717 Jewish schools , Valls said . Four of the victims were killed Friday at the kosher market , the latest in a string of anti-Semitic attacks that have led many Jewish families to leave the country . A Muslim employee is credited with helping hide some hostages in a walk-in freezer , which he turned off . A photo from the freezer shows a baby was among the hostages . "  The situation can only get worse . It does not look like the problem is going away , " high school student Gary Uzan , 17 , told CNN on Monday . "  I will go to Israel . It is better for us . It is safer . " The wife of Cherif Kouachi has condemned her husband 's actions . "  She condemns every violent act , " her attorney , Christian Saint-Palais , said in a statement . "  She was astonished when she learned her husband was involved in the Charlie Hebdo attack . " The statement -- which did not include the wife 's name -- expressed her sympathies for the families of the victims . Some 3.7 million people marched in anti-terrorism rallies Sunday across France , including 1.5 million in Paris . About 40 world leaders joined in the march in the French capital . Police said no incidents had been reported despite the record number of people involved in the Paris rally . Still , French law enforcement officers have been told to erase their social media presence and carry weapons at all times because terror sleeper cells have been activated in the country , a police source said . Investigators are looking into whether the attackers last week were part of a larger cell and , if so , when it may strike again , Valls told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . The threats go well beyond France . The New York City Police Department and other U.S. law enforcement agencies responded to a threat from ISIS after someone released again a September message that tells followers to "  rise up and kill intelligence officers , police officers , soldiers , and civilians " -- specifically naming the United States , France , Australia and Canada as targets . According to a New York police memo obtained by CNN , department employees were told to "  remain alert and consider tactics at all times while on patrol , " especially in light of the attacks in France last week . The FBI and Department of Homeland Security issued a similar bulletin to law enforcement across the United States . In a statement Monday , U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson said the Transportation Security Administration is increasing the number of random searches of passengers and carry-on luggage at U.S. airports . Johnson said his agency had implemented new measures , including stepped-up efforts to share "  information about terrorist threats and individuals of suspicion " with France and "  other key counterterrorism allies " and to boost security outside U.S. government buildings . Early Sunday , a firebomb was hurled at a German newspaper that reprinted Charlie Hebdo cartoons depicting the Prophet Mohammed , though authorities have n't said whether the arson attack was connected to the Charlie Hebdo massacre . No one was injured in the attack . CNN 's Jim Sciutto , Frederik Pleitgen , Pamela Brown , Sandra Betsis Ljuljanovic , Barbara Starr , Radina Gigova , Hakim Almasmari , Nic Robertson , Al Goodman , Tim Lister , Faith Karimi , Ashley Fantz , Margot Haddad , Lorenzo Ferrigno , Laurie Segall , Evan Perez and Rene Marsh and translator Eric King contributed to this report .	French prime minister : "  I do n't really believe in the idea of the lone wolf " "  I will go to Israel . ... It is safer , " Jewish high school student says Some 10,000 soldiers and 8,000 police are being deployed across France
Beijing , China  CNN  -- For thousands of years , China has seen itself as the Middle Kingdom , the center of the universe -- a view that shapes China 's understanding of the world and contributes to an indifferent attitude toward other countries . The world may be watching the U.S. election , but China is n't concerned with who wins . And many here believe America has lost the credibility it once had on the world stage . Unlike the 1960s or '70s , when America had a more convincing claim as the moral arbiter of the world , many Chinese officials now believe the United States is only concerned with its own economic gain . Map : World weighs in on U.S. election In China there is little understanding of American society , or its politics . People stand on the sidelines of the Republican vs. Democrat debate ; they do n't pick up on the nuances of the discussion , and they ca n't tell the difference between the parties ' positions . The mainstream Chinese media are n't reporting on the U.S. elections , nor are mainstream websites , which is exactly how the Chinese government wants it . In fact , media coverage at all regarding the United States rarely strays from local or regional events and their relations to China , like the current dispute between Tokyo and Beijing over the Diaoyu Islands . Chinese intellectuals , and indeed the public at large , believe that no matter who wins the race , America will have to be soft in its approach to our country because there is so much at stake . Postcard : How Hong Kongers see U.S. election As for the candidates , people know Obama as a personality , but few could tell you what his government has accomplished in the last four years -- and Mitt Romney remains a complete unknown . For all the tough talk about China during the presidential debates , Romney and Obama evaded any mention of China 's suspect human rights record , corruption , and rule of law . By not tackling these controversial topics , the candidates are protecting a strategic partnership with China at the expense of essential human values and beliefs . Personally , I think Obama seems more reliable than his opponent , even though I 'm disappointed with his stance on China 's human rights record . And although his administration has done very little to further rights here , I still wish him luck on Election Day . Postcard : Is Obama still Kenya 's favorite son ? While the Chinese people desire democracy , they are skeptical of the U.S. system because its elections do n't seem to engender progress for Americans . Democracy is a societal practice , and elections are only a part of it . The U.S. elections are certainly an exercise in democracy , but wealthy individuals and corporations can now pour significant amounts of money and advertising into manipulating the public . The campaigns are mere showcases , extravagant yet empty -- and the time , money and energy spent on the grand spectacle could have been used to solve specific problems for Americans . Postcard : Nigerians enjoy election soap opera Regardless , Americans should still be proud . It is essential for politicians and leaders to have open discussions about their policies , character , and beliefs . It is the key to public trust and understanding in an open society . I do n't think people like the way the debates and elections are designed , but at least they 're an outlet for people to make a stand . In contrast , all major decisions in China are made behind closed doors . Here the public knows very little about who their politicians are , the decisions they have made and what they believe in . In a world that demands social change , this approach can not survive forever . Recently I tweeted : "  Judging from recent events , China has not met the requirements that constitute a country . There is no consensus on recognized elders , no clear set of values , no independent state military , no full citizenship , no international respect , no transparency for leaders ' whereabouts , no clear borders , no equal access to defense attorneys , no proper administration of justice , no taxpayer rights ... As a country , China is missing all the qualities it needs to call itself a country . China is merely a faulty conjecture . " Postcard : Obama finds support among Chavistas The one-party system in China is inhuman . It stands against the weight of civilization . It rejects the foundations of modern living , humanity and individualism . The Beijing Olympics and the Shanghai World Expo show just how much effort China is willing to spend to enter the global stage . But while China desires to understand the world , it fails to accept its universal values . China and the U.S. are two societies with very different attitudes towards opinion and criticism . In China , I am constantly under surveillance . Even my slightest , most innocuous move can -- and often is -- censored by Chinese authorities . Recently I danced in a video spoof of the song "  Gangnam Style , " and it was quickly banned across multiple Chinese online video platforms . But the story still traveled all over the world , carried in hundreds of international media reports . Postcard : Drug war being ignored in U.S. election ? That sort of censorship would n't happen in the U.S. -- but even though America 's government allows its critics to speak out , it is difficult to create any real impact in a country where a vast number of voices are at risk of being drowned out by others . In other words , regardless of your location , social background or political system , it is never easy to speak up against authorities -- it requires a lot of skill and persistence . It is impossible to compare Chinese society with the U.S. , as each system has its own dangers . But as the world 's two great superpowers , the upcoming U.S. election and Chinese leadership reshuffle demonstrate two different extremes in handling shifts in political power . Postcard : Why Berliners , U.S. are kindred spirits The people in both nations share a sense of hopelessness ; they feel empowered and disappointed at the same time but on different matters . No matter the country or system , it 's clear that the relationship between the masses and their leaders must be transformed . It wo n't be easy , and there will be constant challenges ahead , but it can be done . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ai Weiwei .	Ai : Romney , Obama evaded mention of China 's suspect human rights issues in campaign While not perfect , Ai says America should be proud of its elections and democracy Ai : China 's one-party system is inhuman , stands against weight of civilization While China desires to understand the world , it fails to accept its universal values
CNN  -- Tony Stewart , who has n't raced since his car struck and killed a fellow driver during a dirt track race earlier this month , will return to NASCAR racing at Atlanta , his team announced on its Twitter feed . Stewart opted out of three races after his car hit Kevin Ward Jr. , who was walking on the track during an Empire Super Sprints series race August 9 in New York . "  NASCAR has remained in constant contact with his race team , and we will stay very close to this situation as Stewart returns to competition , " said NASACR Executive Vice President Steve O'Donnell . The race in Atlanta is scheduled for Sunday , with first practice and qualifying set for Friday . New York authorities continue to investigate the Ward incident , according to media reports . Spectator video from that night at the Canandaigua Motorsports Park race shows two cars coming out of a turn , with Stewart 's No. 14 car sliding up the track toward Ward 's No. 13 car . The two cars get close and appear to make contact before Ward 's car hits the wall and spins out . Ward gets out of his crashed car and walks determinedly on the track toward the race cars , which had slowed for a yellow flag . Ward points a finger and appears to be yelling . One car swerves to avoid Ward on the half-mile dirt track . Stewart 's car passes close to Ward , and it appears that its right rear tire hits him . Stewart withdrew from the NASCAR race in Watkins Glen the next day . He also missed races in Michigan and Tennessee . Authorities announced two days later that 20-year-old Ward , a New York sprint car driver , had died of "  massive blunt trauma . " Ontario County Sheriff Philip C. Povero said at the time that there was no evidence that a crime had been committed . Stewart has only released a statement shortly after Ward 's death . "  There are n't words to describe the sadness I feel about the accident that took the life of Kevin Ward Jr. , " Stewart said August 10 . "  It 's a very emotional time for all involved . ... My thoughts and prayers are with his family , friends and everyone affected by this tragedy . " Ward , from Port Leyden , New York , was in his fifth season in the Empire Super Sprints series . He began racing when he was 4 , running go-kart events . When he was 12 , he moved to the faster sprint cars . His father blames Stewart for hitting his son . "  Apparently , Tony Stewart was the only one driving out there who did n't see him , " the father said , according to Syracuse.com . Ward Sr. said the race was the only time he had ever seen his son get out of the car while it was still on the track . NASCAR has instituted a rule that requires its drivers to stay in the car until safety personnel arrive . CNN 's Wayne Sterling contributed to this report .	Racer was driving in a dirt-track race when he hit a competitor who was walking Kevin Ward Jr. died of his injuries received at NY track Authorities are investigating Stewart expected to return to the track Friday during a practice session
CNN  -- Prehistoric children as young as three were encouraged by adults to make cave art 13,000 years ago , new research shows . The Cambridge University study sheds new light on the lives of children and the ancient art they made during the prehistoric hunter gatherer period in the French caverns at Rouffignac , known as the Cave of a Hundred Mammoths . While the caverns are famous for their striking drawings of woolly mammoths , bison and horses , the research focused on the thousands of lines made by people running their fingers along the soft clay walls throughout the five mile cavern complex . Cambridge archaeologists were able to identify the age and gender of the children who made the simple ancient art form known as "  finger fluting " by measuring the width of the flutings and the profile of the middle three fingers . "  We have found marks by children aged between three and seven years old -- and we have been able to identify four individual children by matching up their marks , " said Cambridge University archaeologist Jess Cooney . "  The most prolific of the children who made flutings was aged around five -- and we are almost certain the child in question was a girl . " The fact that archaeologists did n't find a single place where fluting marks were made by adults alone suggests there were few boundaries between adult and child activities in this prehistoric hunter gatherer culture , according to Cooney . Not only did the adults make art alongside the children , Cooney says the fact that child-sized flutings were found on the ceilings of some cave chambers means adults actively encouraged them to make art , lifting them up to areas they could not reach alone . "  Some of the children 's flutings are high up on the walls and on the ceilings , so they must have been held up to make them or have been sitting on someone 's shoulders , " she said . The archaeologists believe one of the caverns is so dominated by children 's flutings that it may actually have been a "  special place " set aside for them by the adults . "  We sometimes think of one chamber as a playpen of sorts , since there are hundreds of children 's flutings but only a few made by adults , " said Cooney . Why people made finger flutings , which also appear in caves in Spain , New Guinea and Australia , is anyone 's guess . "  We do n't know why people made them . We can make guesses like they were for initiation rituals , for training of some kind , or simply something to do on a rainy day , " said Cooney . The children were n't simply running their hands mindlessly along the cavern walls , however . Research in 2006 revealed children had made hut-like shapes called tectiforms -- the first known instance of prehistoric children engaging in symbolic figure-making , according to Cooney . Cooney says her research shines a light on an aspect of history that is typically ignored in academia . "  It 's important to realize that children played a major role in the development of not only art , but what it means to be human , " she said .	Prehistoric children as young as three made cave art 13,000 years ago "  Finger fluting " art forms found in French cavern system at Rouffignac Flutings found high above ground suggest adults encouraged children
CNN  -- After weeks of criticism that she was being too elusive , Senate hopeful Caroline Kennedy is now talking about why she believes she is the best person for the job . Caroline Kennedy says she is the best person to replace Hillary Clinton in the Senate . In a media blitz this weekend , Kennedy sought to explain what sets her apart from the handful of other people being considered for Hillary Clinton 's Senate seat . "  I would be an unconventional choice -- I have n't followed a traditional path , but I think I bring a lifetime of experience to this , " she told NY1 . She also told The New York Times that "  there 's a lot of different ways that people are coming to public life now , and it 's not only the traditional path . " Asked if she thinks she 's the best fit , Kennedy told the Times , "  Well , I would n't be here if I did n't think I would be the best . " New York Gov. David Paterson has the sole responsibility of picking Clinton 's replacement . His pick would serve for two years before running for election in 2010 . If the candidate won that contest , he or she would have to run again in 2012 , when Clinton 's term ends . If Paterson selects Kennedy , it would mean the continuation of a Kennedy legacy in the Senate that began 56 years ago with the election of her father , John F. Kennedy , as the junior senator from Massachusetts . But some are questioning whether she 's ready to follow the path taken by her father and her two uncles . Watch Kennedy explain why she should be in the Senate " Kennedy , 51 , has been involved in education reform and women 's issues but has never held public office and has mostly stayed out of the public spotlight . Hank Sheinkopf , who worked for President Bill Clinton 's 1996 re-election campaign , said name recognition does not make Kennedy qualified for the job . "  Does she have name recognition ? So does Jennifer Lopez , " Sheinkopf said . "  The Senate seat is not a legacy place . We have n't had a Kennedy elected to office from New York state since 1964 , and a lot of people would like to keep it that way , " he said , referring to Caroline 's uncle Robert Kennedy . Kennedy has insisted that she brings more to the table than her name . "  If my last name was not Kennedy , maybe I would have run for office a long time ago , " she told NY1 . "  I 'm proud of my family tradition . It means a lot to me . That 's something that I want to live up to , and that 's why I feel that I 've been preparing myself to do this . But it is n't fundamentally about me -- it 's about who can do the best job for the people of New York -- who Gov. Paterson thinks can do the best job for delivering for the people of New York . " But now that she is publicly seeking the seat , her name does make it easy for her to get attention , according to Lynn Sweet , the Washington bureau chief for the Chicago Sun-Times . "  This is the megaphone of the Kennedy celebrity . This is one -- this is the most famous political family in America , the legendary family , " she said . "  What 's interesting here , one of the other people who would like to be appointed , Attorney General Andrew Cuomo , he comes from another big New York political family , but , yes , it 's hard even for him even to be heard . " Cuomo is the son of former New York Gov. Mario Cuomo . He is one of New Yorkers ' top choices for the seat , according to recent polls . A new national poll suggest that just over half of Americans think Kennedy has the necessary qualifications , with 52 percent saying she is qualified and 42 percent saying she is not . Read what Americans think about Kennedy The CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey , released Monday , also shows a gender gap -- with 57 percent of women saying she 's qualified , compared with 47 percent among men . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points . "  Men may think of qualifications for public office in terms of work experience , while women may be looking at a candidate 's life experience , " said CNN polling director Keating Holland . "  Caroline Kennedy has a personal history that may be compelling to many women , but her résumé is not very long , and that may be a mark against her to some men . " The mother of three has spent most of her life in New York City , working there after graduating from Harvard , meeting her husband , Edwin Schlossberg , on the job at the Metropolitan Museum of Art and attending Columbia Law School there . Her most prominent public roles to date involved overseeing her father 's presidential library and presenting the annual Profiles in Courage Award . Most of her leadership positions have been based in the arts : hosting the annual nationally televised Kennedy Center Honors in Washington and serving as the honorary chairwoman of the American Ballet Theatre , as her mother had . Sweet , of the Sun-Times , said there 's no clear path to the Senate , so it 's hard to compare résumés for the job . "  We know that people come to this from all walks of life . There is no one qualification for Senate , " she said . Kennedy has said she 's always considered political office , but was finally moved to action after working on President-elect Barack Obama 's presidential campaign . She endorsed Obama early in the campaign and served on his vice presidential search team . Paterson has said he will not appoint Clinton 's replacement until the seat officially becomes vacant .	Caroline Kennedy explains why she thinks she is qualified to be a senator Gov. David Paterson must pick a replacement for Hillary Clinton Critics say Kennedy has name recognition but not experience New poll shows just more than half of Americans think she is qualified
CNN  Lifelong runner and Austin Marathon race director John Conley has been a part of many races , but none of the finishes he 's been a part of quite compare to what he saw Sunday in Texas . "  What we saw was a champion , " Conley said . "  The toughest person on the planet . " Conley 's not talking about Cynthia Jerop , the women 's winner , who finished the 26.2-mile race in 2:54:21 . He 'd expected to see Kenyan runner Hyvon Ngetich . According to reports he 'd received from the race course , she had been leading most of the race . But with just two-tenths of a mile left to run , Ngetich began to wobble and stagger , and eventually fell down . She attempted to get back up and keep running but was unsuccessful , Conley said . But Ngetich never stopped moving forward . With members of the race team 's medical staff walking on all sides cheering her on , Ngetich crawled to the finish line . "  As bad as it looks , we knew she was prepared to finish , " Conley said . With just 2 meters left for her to crawl , Ngetich was passed by second place finisher Hannah Steffan . Ngetich placed third , with a time of 3:04:02 . Conley said Ngetich crawled more than 400 meters  1,312 feet  to cross the finish line , leaving her knees and elbows bloodied and her hands stained from the pavement . She was immediately rushed to a medical tent , where she was treated for dangerously low blood sugar , Conley said . Ngetich told CNN affiliate KEYE she does n't remember finishing the race . Her "  exceptional effort , " inspired applause from nearly every marathon spectator and inspired Conley to adjust her prize money so she receives the same amount of money as if she 'd come in second . "  You ran the bravest race and crawled the bravest crawl I have ever seen in my life , " Conley said to Ngetich on Sunday night , "  You have earned much honor . " Ngetich said it 's just what she does . "  In running , you have to keep going , " she said .	Hyvon Ngetich had led most of the race She placed third after crawling to finish line Ngetich collapsed because of dangerously low blood sugar
CNN  Yemeni officials said Saudi airstrikes targeting a military base on Tuesday hit a nearby school , injuring at least a half dozen students . The information came from two officials with the governor 's office in Ibb province , where the school is located , as well as Houthi sources from the rebel group that is fighting for control of the country . A third source , with the Education Ministry in Ibb , said three students had been killed at the Al Bastain School in Maitam , in southwestern Yemen , as a result of an airstrike . The officials from Ibb 's governor 's office said the Al Hamza military base was targeted because Houthis have been sending reinforcements from Ibb to nearby provinces . There were no casualties on the base , the officials said , but it was heavily damaged . The school , which is about 500 meters  one-third of a mile  from the base , was not the main target , the officials said . Schoolchildren were heading to their lunch break when the attacks took place , the officials said . The incident was another example of what has become evident in recent days : The chaos in Yemen , now the scene of some of the most chaotic fighting in the Middle East , has left civilians -- noncombatants , both locals and foreigners -- caught in the crossfire . Those trying to escape the violence , either by leaving their homes or by leaving the country altogether , have been flung into a vortex of fear , fatigue , flight and death . Explosions shattered windows in Sanaa , the country 's capital . The fighting has killed hundreds of people in less than two weeks . At least 74 children are known to have been killed and 44 children maimed since the fighting began on March 26 , UNICEF said Monday in a statement . That did not include the children reportedly killed Tuesday in Maitam . Separately , Saudi airstrikes wiped out about a fifth of the armored vehicles recently captured by southern separatists opposing the Houthis near Aden , according to a senior official in the separatist movement . The official expressed frustration about the lack of coordination between the Saudi military and friendly forces in the region , including the anti-Houthi southern separatists .  The Houthis are also sometimes referred to as southern separatists  . "  The Saudis have no one on the ground in Aden , " he said , calling for the military to work out a means of coordination . "  There is very little coordination . " The group had recently captured about 100 pieces of mixed armor . Among the captured weaponry , the official said , were tanks , armored personnel carriers , and some large artillery . About 20 pieces were destroyed in the Saudi attack that took place near an old oil refinery . Over the weekend , a Saudi-led coalition smashed parts of Yemen 's Defense Ministry Central Command in the capital , senior Yemeni officials said . Despite the rain of bombs , the Houthis still control Sanaa . But the airstrikes have destroyed much of the city 's infrastructure . The electricity has gone out on 16 million Yemenis living in Houthi-held areas , the Yemeni officials said . Many fear they will lose access to clean water as well . Yemenis and foreigners are scrambling to leave . Passengers carrying duffel bags and plastic sacks stuffed with clothes were seen boarding an Air India flight as they hastened to leave the capital . Some of them sprinted to the plane . This was a flight that no one wanted to miss . Many were not newcomers to Yemen . Damodar Thakur , a professor at Sanaa University , had lived in the capital for 34 years . "  I never felt like a foreigner , " he said . He was exhausted by the shelling . "  At night , my goodness ! " he said . "  Gunshots being fired every minute . Sometimes the sky full of sparkling lights . Some women crying , children terrified . Really bad . " Over the last few days , India has evacuated 2,500 people from Yemen , said Vijay Kumar Singh , the Indian deputy foreign minister overseeing the evacuation . The flights are going to Djibouti , a small African nation about 430 kilometers  265 miles  away . Some evacuees are fleeing on boats from port cities such as Aden . "  More cars in the streets in #Aden . Scared families rushing away in cars with smashed windows & suitcases & mattresses on the roof , " tweeted Robert Mardini , head of operations for the Middle East for the International Committee of the Red Cross . Why is Saudi Arabia bombing Yemen ? Houthi rebels control Sanaa , including the airport . But because of the airstrike campaign , the Saudis to some extent control air access , so getting people out requires coordination . The Saudi air force gave Air India a four-hour window to go to and from Sanaa and a specific travel route for a safe landing . As the Air India plane approached the city , the crew could see the scars of the fighting . There were no cars on the roads . Dozens of buildings were destroyed . At the airport , the landing strips and airport terminal were untouched by Saudi bombs , but buildings on the outskirts of the airport and planes along the airstrip had been blown to bits . Loading of the passengers was swift . They approached the planes carrying boarding passes -- a touch of normalcy in an otherwise abnormal event . They did n't pay for the flight , but they had to purchase exit visas from the Houthis . Children sat on their parents ' laps to maximize the number of people on the plane . Some passengers fell asleep as soon as they took their seats before takeoff . Everyone seemed to carry the weight of war , especially nurses who had tended the wounded . From Djibouti , the evacuees will most likely disperse to their home nations . "  Now I can only pray for Yemen and those we left behind , " Thakur said . Who 's joining Saudi Arabia 's fight against the Houthis ? Yemen has descended into chaos in the weeks since Houthi rebels , Shiites who complain of being marginalized in the majority Sunni country , forced President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power . The Houthis put Hadi under house arrest when they overran Sanaa in January . But Hadi escaped in February , fled to Aden and declared himself still President . Houthis and their allies , including those loyal to Hadi 's predecessor , then fought Hadi 's forces in the Aden area . Hadi fled Aden in late March , ultimately for Saudi Arabia , when the rebels and their military allies advanced on the city . The conflict prompted Saudi Arabia , a predominantly Sunni nation and Yemen 's neighbor to the north , to intervene with force along with other Arab nations . The Houthis are allied with Iran , Saudi Arabia 's bitter rival across the Persian Gulf , and the Saudis do not want an Iranian proxy in power on their border . At his daily briefing on Tuesday , Saudi Brig. Gen. Ahmed Asiri told reporters that the ties between the rebels and Iran were clear . He accused Iran of training Yemeni youths to use military aircraft and weapons . After the Houthis seized Sanaa , he said , "  there were 14 flights a week coming from Iran carrying weapons and ammunition for the Houthi militia . " The U.S. role in backing the Saudis has grown since the bombing campaign began two weeks ago . "  We have expedited weapons deliveries , we have increased our intelligence sharing , and we have established a joint coordination planning cell in the Saudi operation center , " Deputy Secretary of State Anthony Blinken said . In addition , the United States has promised to resupply the Saudi weapons stocks used in the last two weeks . U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter "  emphasized the importance of limiting civilian casualties when conducting airstrikes " when he spoke with Saudi Defense Minister Prince Mohammed bin Salman on Monday , the Pentagon said . What about sharing intelligence when it comes to identifying targets ? That 's a sensitive issue , given the rebels ' ties to Iran and concerns about civilian casualties . Guidance from U.S. Central Command stops short of allowing the United States to tell the Saudis what targets to bomb , according to two U.S. defense officials who confirmed details of the guidance to CNN , but declined to be identified due to the sensitivity of the matter . The guidance allows the United States to review targets the Saudis have selected , the officials said , and advise them if there are civilian areas nearby or other "  no go " spots such as mosques and hospitals . CNN 's Samira Said , Joe Sheffer and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Saudi military official accuses Iran of training and arming rebels Yemeni officials say school hit by airstrikes ; one source says three students killed Noncombatants are caught up in Yemen 's fighting
CNN  -- A top executive for the company which built the flight data recorder aboard Air France Flight 447 says he hopes his firm 's 100 percent recovery record from air accidents will be maintained despite concerns the device may be lost at the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean . A Brazilian diver floats on wreckage of Flight 447 spotted Wednesday . Although some debris has been retrieved , air crash investigators remain in the dark about what caused the airliner to plunge into the sea off the coast of Brazil with 228 people onboard earlier this month . The wreckage is believed to be about 4,500 meters  15,000 feet  deep , amid underwater mountains and mixed in with tons of sea trash . A French nuclear submarine and other vessels are searching for the flight data recorder by attempting to trace its locator beacon , which sends acoustic pulses , or "  pings , " to searchers . The U.S. Navy has contributed two high-tech acoustic devices -- known as towed pinger locators -- which have been attached to French tug boats and can search to a maximum depth of 20,000 feet . Honeywell Aerospace 's Paolo Carmassi -- the firm 's president for Europe , the Middle East , Africa and India -- told CNN that retrieving the flight data could help solve the mystery of the plane 's fate and said his company had never lost a black box involved in an accident . "  We believe that our technology is well-positioned to , in this case , contribute to solve the big question around this particular accident , " Carmassi said . "  We have a 100 percent recovery rate of all the black boxes that we have installed that unfortunately may have been involved in accidents , so we hope that we will be able to maintain our record and be able to shed some light on what happened . " Watch what clues investigators are looking at " But Carmassi acknowledged it was hard to estimate how much battery life the locator beacon had left . "  There is a certain duration which depends on the particular environmental conditions , whether it 's underwater or on land , whether it 's at 10 meters or 4,000 meters . So , it 's very difficult to pinpoint exactly the duration , " he said . Yann Cochennec , an aviation expert with Air et Cosmos magazine , told CNN that a recorder had been retrieved from the seabed in 2004 after an Egyptian charter flight crashed into the Red Sea shortly after leaving Sharm el-Sheikh . But he said the depth of the Atlantic , strong currents and bad weather would make retrieving the recorder from the Air France wreckage far more difficult . The flight data recorder -- sometimes called a "  black box " -- is actually an orange , metal cylinder weighing about 13 pounds . Inside is a stack of memory chips designed to survive high temperatures , strong impact and tons of pressure . The devices record virtually every detail about how an aircraft is working , including cabin pressure , speed and altitude , remaining fuel and whether that fuel is flowing properly . They have played a crucial part in air crash investigations since they were first fitted to commercial aircraft in the 1940s .	Maker of flight data recorder aboard AF447 has "  100 percent " recovery rate Top executive says finding flight data recorder could reveal cause of air crash Plane wreckage believed to be on Atlantic seabed , around 4,500 meters deep Device 's underwater locator beacon has limited battery life
More than 300 flights . Over 3,000 hours in the air . A staggering 4.6 million square kilometers of ocean . The numbers speak to the breadth of the search for the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . The results speak to the fruitlessness of it . The plane , carrying 239 people , disappeared on March 8 . And despite an expansive search involving 26 countries , officials have nothing to show for it . So authorities are moving on to the next phase of the search -- one that will be even more challenging . "  We know very clearly the area of the follow-up search will be even broader , with more difficulties and tougher tasks , " Chinese Transport Minister Yang Chuantang said Monday . What 's next Australian , Malaysian and Chinese officials will meet in Canberra , Australia , on Wednesday to hash out plans for the next stage of the hunt . One group will analyze the data and information collected so far . Another will look at the resources needed . The data audit will look at information gathered since the beginning of the search . "  It will also look again at the satellite information that 's been accumulated so that we can make sure that it 's been accurately interpreted , " Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said . Authorities have relied on satellite information and pings believed to be from the plane 's flight data recorders in picking their search area . But with an expanded search area comes the most challenging task ahead : scouring uncharted territory . A key element of the new phase will be a detailed mapping of the ocean floor . "  We know that the water is very deep , " Truss said . "  And for the next stage involving sonar and other autonomous vehicles , potentially at very great depths , we need to have an understanding of the ocean floor to be able to undertake that kind of search effectively and safely . " Truss said he 's not sure how deep the ocean is in the expanded search area because "  it 's never been mapped . " The tools The next stage of the hunt will involved highly specialized technology , including towed side-scan sonar and more autonomous underwater vehicles , Truss said . "  You can count on one hand the number of devices that can do this work , when you talk about towed sonar devices , " said Angus Houston , chief coordinator of the joint search effort . Truss said he 's optimistic that the new devices will be in the water within a month or two . In the meantime , he said , the Bluefin-21 drone will continue underwater missions . The Bluefin-21 has already scanned 400 square kilometers of the Indian Ocean floor , but with no luck . The United States has authorized the use of the drone for another month . The cost ? About $ 40,000 a day . While the Bluefin-21 provides greater resolution than deep-towed sonar devices , the drone can only go about 4.5 kilometers deep . The cost Australia estimates the next phase of the search will cost about $ 60 million , Truss said . He said officials will consult with Malaysia , China and other parties on how that cost would be shared . Until now , all countries involved in the search have paid for their own costs . "  Whenever we 've asked , people have come forward , " Truss said . But "  I think we 'll be looking at increasing involvement from the manufacturers and their host countries . " Letting others in The new phase will allow more parties to join the search , acting Malaysian Transport Minister Hishammuddin Hussein said . "  This gives an opportunity to those not involved in the early phase of the search and rescue efforts to come on board , " he said . Those could involve research institutions and more countries , he said . Truss said most of the new equipment will likely have to come from the private sector . Lessons learned It took two years to find the wreckage of Air France Flight 447 in the Atlantic Ocean . Truss said authorities can learn from that effort . "  There were some quite long gaps in their search , and we do n't want that to happen in this instance , " he said . "  That 's why we 're starting work this week on actually putting together the next stages of the search . " But as officials from this search have already learned , hope can dash as quickly as it arises . "  We 've been confident on the basis of the information provided that the search area was the right one , " Truss said . "  But in practice , that confidence has not been converted into us discovering any trace of the aircraft . "	Officials will review data to see if satellite information has been "  accurately interpreted " More high-tech devices will be used over an expanded search area The search area will expand to deep water that has "  never been mapped " Australia estimates the next phase will cost $ 60 million
CNN  Three Florida police officers were fired and a fourth resigned after exchanging a series of racially offensive text messages and a video that portrayed President Barack Obama in a derogatory way , Fort Lauderdale police said . Jason Holding , James Wells and Christopher Sousa were terminated after a five-month internal affairs investigation found sustained department misconduct , conduct unbecoming of a police officer and engaging in "  conduct prejudicial to the good of the order of the police department . " A fourth officer , Alex Alvarez , resigned but authorities said Friday that he would have been fired had he not done so . In the text message exchanges , the former officers used racially derogatory terms to refer to people they encountered while on duty , included racially insensitive material from the film , "  Django Unchained , " and talked about getting drunk and "  killing n ***** , " according to investigative documents . The men allegedly criticized co-workers , including African-Americans , making crude comments about their grammar , appearance and work ethic . One message referred to an entire shift as "  lazy f **** , " the documents state . Alvarez created a faux movie trailer with the title "  The Hoods , " with offensive language and images of Obama , the Ku Klux Klan and African-Americans . "  There was no criminal behavior detected during this investigation , however , the four officers ' conduct was inexcusable and there is zero tolerance for this kind of behavior in the Fort Lauderdale Police Department , " Chief Franklin Adderley told reporters . "  Its attempt was to damage the image of our agency and I just hope that the people and the public realize that we 're not going to tolerate it and anyone that 's engaged in this behavior will be addressed immediately , " he said . In a statement , the Fort Lauderdale Fraternal Order of Police said the officers deserve their due process , CNN affiliate WSVN reported . "  The Fraternal Order of Police is a multicultural organization which does not tolerate racism , " the group 's president , Jack Lokeinsky , said in the statement . "  Our officers take great pride in our commitment to diversity . Our dedicated officers have positive relationships with residents in every community we serve . " The officers worked in a predominantly African-American neighborhood . "  I am very disappointed , disgusted and shocked by this incident , " Mayor Jack Seiler said . "  The inappropriate racist behavior exhibited by those involved is unacceptable and reprehensible , it violates the trust we place in our law enforcement officers , it damages the bond we have established in our community and undermines the standards in which each and every city employee is held accountable , " Seiler said at a news conference . Police officials were alerted of the existence of offensive material by Alvarez 's ex-fiancee , who discovered it when the couple agreed to check each others ' phones , according to the documents . The woman told police she thought their behavior was wrong , but feared he would hurt her if she told anyone . After the 10-month relationship ended , she went to the authorities . Adderley said that four officers had not exhibited a pattern of race-related complaints . Holding was recently disciplined with a two-day suspension for mishandling property of a suspect . The police department is implementing a mandatory "  diversity class " for officers and a screening process for new hires , said Adderley .	Fort Lauderdale officers exchanged racially offensive text messages Three officers were fired , a fourth resigned Police chief : "  There was no criminal behavior detected "
CNN  -- Norwegian prosecutors have asked that alleged mass killer Anders Breivik be transferred to a psychiatric institution because they believe he is mentally ill , a spokeswoman for the prosecutor 's office told CNN . If that does not happen , prosecutors will ask for 21 years of prison for Breivik . Norway 's Breivik gives chilling account of gun massacre Breivik is on trial on charges of voluntary homicide and committing acts of terror in the July 22 , 2011 , attacks . He has admitted carrying out an attack on a youth camp on Utoya Island that killed 69 people and a bombing in Oslo that killed eight . He boasts of being an ultranationalist who killed his victims to fight multiculturalism in Norway . Last month , Breivik promised that he would not appeal if a court finds him sane and guilty .	Prosecutors say they want Breivik taken to a psychiatric institution If not , they will ask for 21 years in prison Breivik is on trial for attacks that killed 77 people
CNN  Brown University has sanctioned two fraternities for holding unregistered parties last fall that officials said facilitated sexual misconduct . The action by the Rhode Island university -- outlined in a letter signed by two of its vice presidents -- comes as the U.S. Department of Educations investigates whether dozens of colleges and universities throughout the nation illegally handled sexual violence and harassment complaints . Brown also announced a review of alcohol policy and social event regulations this spring , according to the letter . "  The measures we are taking this spring reflect our interest in preventing sexual assault by addressing the campus climate at Brown , " said the letter distributed to the campus . "  All Brown community members need to be involved in preventing sexual violence , and all student organizations are expected to ensure that adequate security measures are in place to promote safe events and activities . " Brown said Sigma Chi fraternity has been sanctioned with probation and "  suspension of social and university privileges until fall 2016 . " "  It can not sponsor social events , has lost access to the chapter room , lounge , library , and basement , and is ineligible to conduct recruitment , rush , or initiation processes , " the letter said . In October 2014 , Sigma Chi hosted an unregistered party in the basement of its residence . One student reported "  non-consensual contact of a sexual nature that occurred as students were exiting the crowded basement " when public safety officers broke up the party , the letter said . The student was not able to identify the person who touched her . Phi Kappa Psi was sanctioned with loss of university recognition for four years , including loss of housing , effective immediately . The fraternity held an unregistered party in October 2014 during which two students reported receiving an "  alcoholic drink that contained a date rape drug , " according to the letter . The drug was identified as gamma hydroxybutyrate  GHB  . The fraternity was charged with "  creating an environment that facilitated inappropriate , potentially dangerous , and possibly criminal behavior by hosting a party where guests were served a drink that contained a date rape drug , " the letter said . One student reported "  non-consensual sexual contact that did not happen within the fraternity 's facility nor did it involve a member of the fraternity , but its occurrence was a result of the student 's incapacitation , " said the letter from Russell Carey , executive vice president for planning and policy , and Margaret Klawunn , vice president for campus life and student services . Brown said no individual member of either fraternity was charged with sexual misconduct . The fraternities did not immediately respond to calls seeking comment . A separate federal investigation of dozens of colleges and universities centers on Title IX , under which a school must ensure that students are not denied or limited in the ability to participate in or benefit from its educational programs or activities on the basis of sex .	Brown University sanctions Sigma Chi Phi and Kappa Psi for unregistered parties Officials say parties facilitated sexual misconduct Fraternities did not immediately respond to calls seeking comment
Phoenix , Arizona  CNN  -- It 's her lunch break on a sunny afternoon in Phoenix and instead of chatting with friends in the courtyard , 17-year old Maria Castro is standing in front of a white board inside Carl Hayden Community High School . She has a fat red marker in her hand and is furiously scribbling around a triangle while muttering about sine and cosine . "  We 're studying for a final , " she explains while solving for angles . "  We have a math final today . " It is mid-January , just days into the new semester , which is a strange time for a final , but then , this math class is unusual . It is taught after school and crams two years of math into two semesters . Maria , a junior , is not complaining . She 's the one who lobbied for the class once she figured out during her sophomore year that she was n't on track to take calculus before graduation . "  To get into a good university , " she tells me earnestly , "  I have to have , at minimum , calculus . " Pushing kids to math and science Maria 's sights are set very high . Her first-choice college is Stanford University . "  She 's an exemplary student . I am very proud , " her mother tells me in Spanish as I sit on the Castro front porch . Maria is successful in high school while so many of her peers are struggling . She is studying accelerated math , honors English , honors chemistry , honors economics and she 's in robotics , where she is vice president of the team . Half of them are girls . Maria 's teammates call her ` Mom , ' because of her tendency to nudge and encourage . And the team has been successful , winning a roomful of awards , including one national prize . But the lessons Maria is learning are about much more than gears , sensors and computer code . "  One of the things we talk about being on a robotics team is that you ca n't let things happen to you . You have to go out and make things happen , " says Faridodin "  Fredi " Lajvardi , her robotics coach . Watch Maria in the trailer for "  Education in America : Do n't Fail Me " For Maria , that meant writing up a proposal for an accelerated math class , roping in 31 other students to take part , and then literally begging the principal to find the funding . Lajvardi -- the kids call him Ledge -- has been teaching at Carl Hayden for 23 years . The school is 94 % Latino . He says most parents of his students are working-class immigrants who have survived by working in food service or landscaping . He says they have made a living without higher education and believe their children can get along that way , too , "  but that ca n't happen . " "  More and more of those kind of jobs are just disappearing , " Lajvardi tells me . "  Things are getting automated . ... If you do n't keep your education level up , you will be left out . " He 's most worried about Latino students . They make up one-fifth of the school-age population in the United States and will be 30 % of the adult population by 2050 . At Maria 's school , half the students do n't pass Arizona 's proficiency exams , which means they do n't meet the bar for basic knowledge in math , reading and science . Time.com : Why the Hispanic student crisis is going ignored Nationally , only half of Maria 's Latino peers graduate on time . The reason is complicated , but stems mostly from issues connected to poverty . "  In many cases the schools lack the resources and personnel to respond adequately to student needs , " explains Pedro Noguera , a professor of education at New York University . "  Many of the students attending such schools also feel pressure to find jobs to support themselves and their families . If they do n't see college as a real option they are even more likely to dropout . " Most of the kids who attend Maria 's school are poor . More than 83 % of its students are eligible for free or reduced lunch . The school is "  Title I , " meaning it receives federal assistance because it has a lot of high-poverty , high-risk students . None of Maria 's six siblings who attended Hayden before her graduated from there on time . But Maria is a go-getter . Through tears , she tells me a heart-wrenching story about overhearing her father speaking with one of her favorite teachers at her quinceanera -- her 15th birthday celebration . The teacher was raving about Maria 's dreams and strong academics . "  It 's just a matter of time before she fails , " Maria says she heard her dad tell the teacher . "  It does n't really matter what she does now , she will eventually give up . " Maria recalls the story for me as tears roll down her cheeks . Where many students would be disheartened by what they heard , Maria was spurred to achieve even more . "  I kinda just took it and flipped it around like , ` Well I 'm going to show you , ' " she explains . "  I can prove to myself that I can do it . " Her focus means a grueling schedule . After school , there is math class , dancing , band and taking care of her little sister , 10-year-old Azucena . And , of course , robotics . By the time she entered Carl Hayden , the school was renowned for its robotics team . The team has six weeks to build a robot from a box of parts . They compete with about 52,000 students around the globe . Those who think it 's all about the robot do n't fully get it . How the U.S. lags in math , science -- and how to improve "  The robot is just the thing that gets all the kids here in one place , " Lajvardi tells me . "  What 's really important is all the working together with the different mentors and the adults learning how to deal with people , learning how to solve conflicts , learning how to solve problems ... the biggest thing is learning how to be successful and that what they do matters . " The robotics competition -- called FIRST : For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology -- was designed to get high school students interested in math and science careers . The United States ranks 27th among developed nations in the proportion of college students receiving undergraduate degrees in science or engineering . Maria does n't need convincing . She believes hard work in math and science classes will get her where she needs to go . "  I 'm competing with the rest of the world and the rest of the world is n't sleeping , is n't eating , is just going that much farther to succeed . And to be at their level , I have to be better than them . I have to try that much harder . " "  They want to be successful , " Lajvardi says of Maria and her teammates . "  Once they find out that they 're the only person that will limit what they can do , and they decide they want to do something , they 're going to go for it . " He says Maria learned that lesson quickly , in her freshman year . "  And she grabbed on with both hands and she 's making the most of it , " he says . "  I want to shoot for the moon , " Maria says repeatedly . It 's become her mantra . "  In case you miss you always hit a star . Aim high . That 's my thing . " So far , so good . She got an A on the math final she took the day we were with her . It 's one of many she is piling up in her quest to gain entry into Stanford . But 24 of the 32 original students have dropped the math class , most of them because the material was too advanced . Her dream after college is actually to aim for the sun . She wants to become a solar engineer , a job that pays about $ 80,000 per year . "  All the energy the sun gives us in one hour can power the whole Earth for a whole entire year . " She wants to figure out how to control all that power . "  We need to find a way , " she says confidently . Maria is reaching toward the sky , a big stretch for a young girl growing up in poverty in Phoenix . Maria 's father , Antonio , came to the United States in the 1960s with a sixth grade education . He used to work in restaurants , but now they live off his Social Security checks . Antonio says he does n't know how to help her with college -- these are just things he does n't understand , and knows he ca n't afford . During a walk with Maria 's father I ask him if he is proud of Maria and her ambitions . "  Sure . Very proud , " he confides . And when I ask if he believes she can get into Stanford he says , "  I know she can do it . " The conversation is quick . His answers are short , but to Maria they are long on meaning . It 's something he 's never said to her directly . "  It 's nice , " she says with a smile . "  It 's good . "	Maria Castro , 17 , is an honors student despite low expectations and odds . She and her robots team are featured in a new documentary by Soledad O'Brien . "  Education in America : Do n't Fail Me " airs at 8 p.m. May 15
CNN  -- The unexplained beachings of scores of dolphins over the past month along Cape Cod , Massachusetts , is the largest "  single-species event " of its kind on record in the northeastern United States , a marine mammal specialist said Monday . A total of 129 common dolphins have been found since the animals began stranding themselves in early January , said Katie Moore , marine mammal rescue and research manager for the International Fund for Animal Welfare . Team members have been able to successfully release 37 of the 54 they were able to recover alive , but 75 others were dead or had to be euthanized on the spot , for a total of 92 dead , Moore told reporters in a conference call . Specially equipped trailers have been used to treat and transport the living dolphins . The ones that are healthy enough are taken to the outer Cape Cod coast to be released . Nine of the dolphins have been tagged with satellite tracking devices , Moore said , and most of the six that are still transmitting are north of Cape Cod , "  where dolphins should be . " While dolphin strandings are not uncommon on the cape , Moore said this event is extraordinary in its "  protracted " nature as well as the number of dolphins involved . "  We 've seen see an  annual  average of 228 strandings of dolphins and seals over the past 12 years " in the International Fund 's Northeast region , which spans from Virginia to Maine , Moore said . "  There is a large variability year to year , " she said , but this event represents "  more than half my annual average in a month . " Moore said the International Fund staffs a 24-hour hotline , and when they get reports "  from beach-goers or anyone who finds an animal , " they alert one of their 300 trained volunteers and dispatch them to the scene . These responders are able to relay information about the dolphin 's species , sex and condition . Once beached , a dolphin is vulnerable to predators and susceptible to organ damage and sunburn . If a dolphin is still alive , the responders get it onto its stomach , if it is not already , for easier breathing , keep away seagulls that would otherwise peck at it , and warm it with blankets or cool it with water as necessary , Moore said . Necropsies have been performed on nine of the dolphins , and blood and microbial swab samples have been taken from some that were found alive , Moore said , but so far no pattern of disease or trauma has been found that would point to a cause . Although the winter and early spring are the normal time of year for dolphin strandings to occur , the weather this season has been unusually warm , leading to speculation about climate change and subsequent "  distribution of prey " as a possible causes . Last week , Wellfleet harbormaster Michael Flanagan explained that usually , in the winter , "  the harbor ices over and inhibits the animals from coming close to the shore . But now that the water is warmer , we 're seeing lots more dolphins washing up than ever before . " However , the International Fund 's Moore cautioned , while climate or other external factors such as acoustic disorientation ca n't be ruled out , "  we do n't have a single answer . " "  As time goes on we can put more of the pieces of the puzzle together , " she said . "  The sad fact in these events is that we often never come up with that answer , and that is incredibly frustrating . " She did , however cite the nature of the dolphins and the geology of Cape Cod as two contributing factors in these events , historically : "  Common dolphins are incredibly social animals and form bonds to forage for food and avoid predators , " she explained . Those bonds , while they serve the animals greatly in the open ocean they 're accustomed to , can be devastating when the creatures are brought in contact with Cape Cod 's gently sloping shallows and convoluted estuaries , which are "  very foreign to these species . " Moore said the event , because of its scale and duration , is taking "  a huge toll " on the resources of the animal rescue and advocacy group , financially and physically . "  This is very hard labor . These animals can weigh 200 or 300 pounds each , " she said . The organization , which gets its funding through donations and grants , has a base operating budget of less than $ 300,000 , and she estimated this event has coast "  at least 50 or 60 thousand dollars , " not including staff time . CNN 's Cameron Tankersley and Kendall Green contributed to this report .	"  It 's the largest single-species event " in the Northeast , a marine mammal expert says Only 37 of 129 dolphins have survived to be released , says IFAW 's Katie Moore Necropsies have been done on nine animals ; no cause has been determined Some of the released animals have been tracked north of Cape Cod , where they belong
Four months after his birth in Hamilton , Ontario , Devin Scullion was diagnosed with one of the rarest diseases known to humans . He was born two months premature , and his mother , Jamie Madley , said she knew right away something was wrong . "  He was big for a preemie , " Madley said . "  His joints were tight , his movements were robotic , his skin was thin -- you could see his veins everywhere . I just did n't know what it was . " Devin 's doctors were also baffled , she said , surmising he might have a dermatological problem or a lack of calcium . But Devin had a genetic condition called Hutchinson-Gilford progeria syndrome , also known as progeria , which causes premature , accelerated aging . Children with the disease have a genetic mutation that causes them to produce the protein progerin , which blocks normal cell function . Progeria affects approximately one in every 4 million to 8 million infants . There are only about 200 children living with the disease worldwide . There is only one other child in Canada with the disease , according to Madley . As they age rapidly , these children suffer from a loss of body fat and hair and an inability to gain weight . They are prone to developing osteoporosis , a disease where bones become weak and are more likely to break . According to the National Osteoporosis Foundation , most girls develop about 90 % of their bone mass by age 18 and boys by age 20 . Building strong bones during childhood helps prevent osteoporosis in adulthood . This is why children with progeria have such issues with bone density and rigidity . Heart disease due to atherosclerosis , also known as hardening of the arteries , is a critical problem for children with progeria . These children can have heart attacks or strokes as early as age 5 . Most die of heart disease by age 13 . However , encouraging results from the first clinical drug trial for children with progeria has researchers hopeful that the first treatment for the disease could be on the horizon . When Devin was diagnosed , the cause of progeria was unknown and the prognosis was bleak . "  There was n't much information . It was pretty much , ` There 's nothing we can do for your son , take him home and enjoy him while he 's there , ' " Madley said . "  There was pretty much no hope . There really was n't any kind of medication . I did what I could -- I put him on a diabetic diet , had him on vitamins . " Doctors told her the life span for a child with progeria was about 13 years , but Devin would likely live about 7 years . That was 16 years ago . There have been ups and downs . When Devin was 6 , he suffered two strokes just three weeks apart . He fought through paralysis and hip dysplasia , and had to learn how to walk again . But much has happened in the past 16 years . In 2003 , Dr. Francis Collins and his team of researchers at the National Human Genome Research Institute at the National Institutes of Health discovered the gene that causes this fatal disease . Now , results from the first clinical drug trial are offering hope for researchers , children with progeria and their parents . The drug , called Lonafarnib , was originally developed by Merck & Co. to treat numerous adult cancers and pediatric brain cancer . For the past 2 1/2 years , 26 children with progeria from 16 countries took Lonafarnib orally twice a day . Devin Scullion is one of those children . Researchers say every child in the study either gained weight or showed improvements in bone structure or arterial stiffness . Side effects from the drug were manageable : upset stomach , weight loss and diarrhea . No one dropped out of the study as a result . The results , published Monday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , are called exciting by researchers . "  It 's huge , " said Dr. Leslie Gordon , lead author of the study and medical director of the Progeria Research Foundation . "  Progeria has always been a 100 % fatal pediatric disease for which there was not treatment . "  Now , we not only have our first treatment , but we know for the first time that some aspects of the disease can be improved , and this inspires us to work harder and faster toward additional treatments for progeria that could hopefully work in conjunction with Lonafarnib to make a difference in the health of children with progeria . " Gordon is also a scientist on staff at Boston Children 's Hospital where the trial was conducted . Her 15-year-old son , Sam Berns , has Progeria . Gordon said the results give her hope that a cure is possible . "  I think that we have just sort of just broken open the first of many possibilities here for the children , " Gordon said . "  It is possible that some systems affected in Progeria may be resistant to treatment . But if a cure means getting rid of progerin and really affecting the cardiovascular system in a big way so that these children live longer lives , then trials gives us a lot of hope . I think we can do this for the children and I think it 's what the children deserve . " Dr. Mark Kieran , director of pediatric medical neuro-oncology at Boston Children 's Hospital and Dana Farber Cancer Insititute , is the principal investigator of the study . iReport : The girl who looks old In general , the weight gain seen among patients was small , but still measurable , he said . The real surprise was the reduction in stiffness and thickness of major arteries , which decreased 35 % , according to the study . "  The fundamental question is whether this treatment is actually going to extend the life span of these kids , " Kieran said . "  This is a hard question to answer , because you will have to treat them for years and years before you would know that . "  The fact that you can see a number of things getting better , particularly some of the cardiovascular parameters , is pretty exciting and gives both us and the families hope that we 're on the right track . " So far , that track has led to another trial . Researchers are two years into a second study involving 45 children from around the globe , including 20 of the original participants , Kieran said . Scientists have added two more drugs that attack the abnormal protein in a different way . Researchers have also identified another 35 children with progeria , making a total of 80 , and there are plans for a third trial that will include these children and a fourth drug . "  It 's incredibly fast when you think that the mutation causing this disease was discovered less than 10 years ago , " Kieran said . iReport : Girl with progeria graduates from elementary school But even that optimism is tempered . More research is needed , Gordon said . "  We will not know whether heart attacks , strokes or longevity are influenced by this very short study , " she said . "  We may need another 10 years to determine if heart attacks , strokes and length of life are influenced by Lonafarnib . "  The key thing is that , for the first time , we 've shown that some aspect of the cardiovascular disease can be improved in Progeria , and we never knew that before . Whether this will translate into fewer heart attacks , strokes or greater longevity we wo n't know for a very long time . " Dr. Francis Collins , whose discovery of the gene led to the current advances , agreed . "  It 's an encouraging development , " he said . "  Ten years ago , we had no idea what caused this disease ... in a rather dramatically accelerated period of time , we have evidence of a treatment that seems to provide benefit . "  But let me be clear , this is not a cure , " he said . "  These children are not suddenly going to have a life like any other kids . We still have a lot to do before we will know if we are really prolonging life and reducing serious medical problems . " Still , Collins said , what has happened so far is pretty remarkable . "  Oftentimes this kind of progress takes two decades or more . It 's almost unprecedented that researchers went from discovery of the cause to starting a clinical trial just four years later . One of the lessons is the value of looking for new uses of drugs that have already been developed for some other disease and are already known to be safe in humans . To inspire similar success stories , he said , the National Institutes of Health and the drug industry have recently partnered to "  crowd source " the potential to repurpose drugs , "  effectively teaching old drugs new tricks . " According to Collins , the need is great . There are 4,700 diseases where molecular causes have been discovered , mostly within the past 10 years , he said . But only about 250 of them are treatable . Clue to kids ' early aging disease found "  This encouraging example from progeria , one of the rarest of all human diseases , should give a shot in the arm to make this therapeutic story happen again and again , " he said . Madley feels the clinical trial gave Devin a "  shot in the arm . " He 's participating in the second study and while she does n't have his individual trial results yet , she knows the drug has helped him . "  He 's doing great , much better than before the trial , " she said . "  His energy level is higher , it 's easier to get him up , his eating habits changed , he eats a lot more . They do n't need to tell me that his cardiovascular has improved , I know it . He 's more active , moving better -- he still uses his walker , but not as often . " He also has gained weight . The 4-foot-tall high school junior weighed 23 pounds when he started the trial . Now , he 's up to 31 pounds . "  It 's huge . It 's a miracle , " Madley said . "  I feel I 'm going to have him longer , I really , really do . I feel I may see him become a man . That would be more than words could describe . I never thought I would live to see this . ... He 's already talking about going to college , getting out in the world and getting a job . " Devin has new hope , she said . "  He 's got dreams . He wants to be a pilot . He wants to fly planes . His saying is , ` Dream big or go home . ' "	Devin Scullion has outlived doctors ' expectations He has a rare disease called progeria that causes him to age prematurely A clinical trial of a new drug has researchers optimistic Devin 's mother hopes she is able to see her son reach adulthood
CNN  -- A 10-year-old Georgia girl may have been dead for days -- having likely been starved well before that -- before her charred body was discovered in a trash can , police said Tuesday . Eman Moss , the father of young Emani Moss pointed Gwinnett County police early Saturday to her body in the trash of a Lawrenceville apartment complex . By then , she may have been dead for days , authorities say . Emani may have died as early as October 30 , county police said Tuesday while reporting the results of an autopsy . The state of the girl 's body indicated she was severely underweight , with investigators determining she had been denied food for several days before her death . Detectives found Emani had been isolated from everyone but her family in recent weeks . Officials said she had not attended school this school year . Detectives said they believe Emani was burned to cover up her killing . The Gwinnett County Medical Examiner 's Office ruled her death a homicide , though it is waiting for additional test results before pinning down a cause of death . The episode began with a 911 call around 3:40 a.m. Saturday from a man now believed to be Emani 's father . Police first reported he was suicidal , but on Tuesday indicated that was not the case . The man told dispatchers there was a body with him . His young daughter , he said , had drunk some type of chemical and died . Gwinnett County police headed to the family 's residence in Lawrenceville , a city of about 29,000 people some 30 miles northeast of Atlanta . They found the man who apparently had made the call standing outside a building in an apartment complex . Police said he directed officers to a trash can in a recreation area where the girl 's body was found . The slain girl 's father and her stepmother , Tiffany Moss , were arrested . Gwinnett County police announced Saturday evening that both are charged with felony murder , first-degree cruelty to children and concealing a body . In July : Man admits killing Louisiana girl found in trash can CNN 's Jennifer Feldman and John Branch contributed to this report .	The death of 10-year-old Georgia girl found in a trash can is ruled a homicide She appears underweight ; authorities think she 'd been denied food Her body was found Saturday ; she may have died three days earlier , police say Police : The girl 's father , stepmother are charged with murder in her death
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Angered by what he perceived as the systemic discrimination of the minority Tamils by successive Sri Lankan governments , 18-year-old Velupillai Prabhakaran , armed with just a revolver , set out in 1972 to right the perceived wrongs by forming a militant group . Sri Lanka 's defense ministry says this handout photo shows troops with a captured Tamil Tiger craft . That group eventually morphed into the Tamil Tigers , who have engaged in a brutal 25-year insurgency for an independent Tamil state that has left more than 70,000 dead . Along the way , the group has been declared a terrorist organization in 32 countries , pioneered the use of women in suicide attacks and , according to the FBI , invented the suicide belt . It was also behind the assassination of two world leaders -- the only terrorist organization to do so . Over the weekend , the militants offered to "  silence " their guns after an intense military offensive decimated their ranks , usurping them from their stronghold in the north and east of the country , and cornered the remaining rebels on a small stretch of land . Watch more on the possible end to the conflict " On Monday afternoon , the Sri Lankan government said it had killed Prabhakaran . If the rebels now follow through on their announcement , the action will potentially mark the end of the longest-running civil war in Asia . Who are the Tamils ? The Tamils are an ethnic group that makes up about 12 percent of Sri Lanka 's population of about 20 million . They mostly dominate the northern and eastern part of the country . Tamils are mostly Hindu and speak Tamil . That sets them apart from Sri Lanka 's majority group , the Sinhalese , who make up 74 percent of the population . They are Buddhists and speak Sinhala . The tension between the two ethnic groups date to the British colonization of the country -- an island in the Indian Ocean , south of India . At the time , the country was known as Ceylon . Many Sri Lankans regarded the Tamils as British collaborators and resented the preferential treatment they received . The tables turned when the country achieved independence in 1948 and the Sinhalese majority dominated government . It was the Tamils then who claimed they were being discriminated against in politics , employment and education . By the 1970s Tamil politicians were demanding a separate Tamil state . It would be called Tamil Eelam . In this climate Prabhakaran emerged with his militant group , formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam . Who is Prabhakaran ? Prabhakaran operated from a secret jungle base in the northeastern part of the country , granting few media interviews and remaining an elusive figure to even many Tigers . He was reputed to wear a cyanide capsule around his neck -- to swallow rather than risk capture . And he reportedly expected the same dedication from his troops . As a result , few Tigers have been captured alive . To Prabhakaran 's supporters he was a hero fighting for the rights of his people . The Sri Lankan government deemed him a war criminal with disregard for civilian casualties . He was wanted by Interpol on charges including terrorism and organized crime . In 1975 , three years after forming his group , Prabhakaran was accused of fatally shooting the mayor of Jaffna , his birthplace . Prabhakaran was also accused of masterminding the killing of then-Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi in 1991 in the Tamil-dominated Indian state of Tami Nadu . Sri Lankan authorities allege that Prabhakaran was avenging Gandhi 's decision to send Indian peacekeepers to Sri Lanka . Two years later , a Tigers ' suicide bomber , allegedly acting under Prabhakaran 's orders , detonated explosives that killed Sri Lanka 's then-president , Ranasinghe Premadasa , during a rally . Watch aid agencies fear for Sri Lanka " Who are the Tamil Tigers ? The Tigers reportedly number about 10,000 , recruited from villagers in Tamil-dominated areas and unemployed Tamil youths who think they were passed over for jobs because of their ethnicity . Their armed struggle began in July 1983 when the Tigers killed 13 Sinhalese soldiers . It led to , what was until then , the largest outburst of violence in the island 's history . Hundreds of Tamils were killed , thousands left homeless and more than 100,000 fled to south India . Despite being vastly outnumbered , the Tigers have -- until now -- shown no signs of being overpowered by the Sri Lankan military . The Tigers are infamous for suicide bombings , with men and women strapping on suicide vests for more than 200 attacks against Sri Lankan citizens and dozens of high-profile political leaders . In addition to perpetrating the attacks that killed Gandhi and Premadasa , the rebels have carried out the assassinations of two lawmakers and four ministers . A suicide bomber targeted Sri Lankan then-President Chandrika Kumaratunga in December 1999 while she was campaigning for re-election . She was wounded but survived . The Tigers , however , have refrained from targeting Western tourists out of fear that foreign governments would crack down on Tamil expatriates who raise money for them abroad , the U.S. State Department said . Have there been peace talks ? Periodically fighting has briefly halted because of a handful of peace agreements . By February 2002 the Tigers had dropped their demands for a separate homeland in exchange for a power-sharing deal with the government . Norway and some other countries agreed to monitor the ceasefire . A year later the rebels dropped out of the negotiations , saying they were being marginalized . They launched a suicide bombing campaign soon after . What led to renewed fighting ? In January 2008 the Sri Lankan government announced it was annulling the nearly six-year-old truce with the rebels , declaring that it would crush the rebels . The fighting intensified with security forces driving the rebels from their strongholds in the east and north of the country . The government asked the rebels to lay down arms ; the rebels vowed to continue . Caught in the crossfire were civilians , thousands of whom were displaced and hundreds killed . International aid groups expressed concern that both the government and the rebels disregarded civilian safety even in no-fire zones and hospitals . Both sides blamed the other for civilian casualties and exaggerated accounts of their victories . With journalists not allowed into the battle zones , their claims could not be independently confirmed . On Sunday , the Tigers posted an "  urgent statement " on a pro-rebel Web site , saying the battle had reached "  its bitter end . " "  We have decided to silence our guns , " the statement said . Euphoria gripped the war-wracked nation . And Sri Lanka 's President Mahinda Rajapaksa readied to announce to Tuesday that military operations had ended . But one last order of business awaited : The capture , dead or alive , of Prabhakaran . In the past , the Tigers have emerged from near-defeat . But if Prabhakaran 's death is confirmed , the government is optimistic that it can write off the Tigers . CNN 's Melissa Gray contributed to this report , which includes information from various sources . They include the U.S. State Department , the FBI , Interpol , Human Rights Watch , the Council on Foreign Relations , the CIA Factbook , and previous CNN reports .	25-year long insurgency has killed more than 70,000 people Tamil leader reportedly wore a cyanide capsule around his neck FBI says group pioneered use of suicide belts for bomb attacks
Congratulations are in order ! Comedian Mario Cantone has married his partner of 20 years , musical theater director Jerry Dixon , Cantone revealed Friday on The View . "  I got married for the same reasons you did , " the "  Sex and the City " actor , 51 , tells fellow newlywed Joy Behar on the show . "  We 're older now . We 've been together 20 years . After 20 years you 're like , ` Thanks for the anti-climactic honeymoon , government ! ' " Cantone says their wedding was officiated by pastor Jay Bakker , the son of the late Tammy Faye Bakker Messner . "  It was beautiful , just my family there , " Cantone says , adding of his new husband : "  I love him . He 's a good man . " See full article at PEOPLE.com .	Comedian Mario Cantone and his partner Jerry Dixon tied the knot Cantone and Dixon , a musical theater director , married after 20 years together "  It was beautiful , just my family there , " Cantone said
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Male singers regularly photographed wearing a hat are usually covering up a receding hairline . Jason Aldean has had six Top 10 country singles . His new album , "  Wide Open , " is just out . But not Jason Aldean . He has a full head of hair , and wears a cowboy hat to signify his commitment to country music . The same is true for his well-fitting jeans and cowboy boots . It 's a formula that seems to be working . The 32-year-old rising star has just notched his sixth Top 10 country single with "  She 's Country , " the lead track off his third CD , "  Wide Open "  Broken Bow  . We caught up with the Georgia native in his dressing room before a recent sold-out show at the House of Blues in Los Angeles , California . The following is an edited version of the interview . Jason Aldean : Definitely a cowboy hat in L.A. makes you stand out a little bit . CNN : It 's a fashion statement in L.A. Aldean : It is ! You 've got to wear it with confidence , too . Watch Aldean talk about his new album " CNN : Are you nervous about your new album ? Aldean : I would n't say I 'm nervous . If you have an album that you 're kind of on the fence about , then yeah , you would be kind of a little nervous . CNN : Have you ever had one of those -- or if you had , would you admit it ? Aldean : When we went in to record the second album  2007 's "  Relentless , " which went gold  , I think it was a good album , but I felt like I was under a lot of pressure recording that album -- more than the other two . You hear people talking about the sophomore slump and all that stuff , and so I think all that stuff sort of got to me after a while . Combined with being on the road 200 to 250 days -LSB- a year -RSB- , I just did n't have that much fun recording it . I was exhausted . And so going into this third album , I just feel like mentally , I was back in the right place . CNN : As an artist , do you ever really think you got it right ? Aldean : If at any point you 're recording an album and you think it 's the greatest thing that you 've ever done , and you 'll never be able to top it , then you should probably quit . Michael Jackson -- he made "  Thriller , " so I can see why he might have said , "  I 'm done . " But even he kept making records . CNN : Were you a Michael Jackson fan growing up ? Did you moonwalk as a kid ? Aldean : Of course ! I had my glove and everything . Used to wet my hair so it looked like a Jheri curl .  Cracks up CNN : Who else did you listen to as a kid ? Aldean : Guns N ' Roses -- the '80s rock stuff . Then I was into John Mellencamp , and Bob Seger and a lot of the Southern rock stuff -- the Allman Brothers , Lynyrd Skynyrd and the Marshall Tucker Band . I listened to a lot of different kinds of music . CNN : Are you finding that the economy has affected ticket sales ? Is it harder to sell out shows these days ? Aldean : I think everybody has kind of seen a little bit of a hit . We 're no different . We 've tried to make it more affordable for people to come to a show with lower ticket prices -LSB- most of the time in the $ 20-40 range -RSB- . Maybe go in and play a show for less money than we would normally go in to play a show for , just so people can afford to come out and buy a ticket . I mean , you 're looking at 200 bucks if you 've got a wife and two kids -- and then by the time you come there and buy a couple of T-shirts , or some drinks or whatever , you 're spending three , four hundred dollars , and right now , people are a little hesitant to do that . CNN : What do you consider an expensive ticket ? Aldean : If Elvis was still around , I do n't know if I 'd pay 80 bucks to go see him . I surely would not pay 80 bucks to go see me ! CNN : From a financial standpoint , touring is more important to an artist than selling records these days . Aldean : The music industry is so different now than it was even when I hit the scene in 2005 . If you go to Wal-Mart and you want a song , you 've got to buy the whole album for ten bucks -- or you can go to iTunes , and if you want a song , you can pay a dollar to get it . So in return , the record label is going to make less money , which is us making less money to pay them back . The way it works is the record label basically fronts the money for us to record an album . As the money comes back in off of that , they take that and repay the debt that we owe them . So if they 're not making enough to repay that debt , they 're not going to keep us employed on the label for very long . CNN : As an artist , do you worry about that ? Aldean : Oh , absolutely . I think every artist worries about that . As a consumer , I think iTunes is a great thing . As an entertainer , not so much . I would much rather have somebody buy an album as a whole . Bad thing about purchasing singles -- if you have an artist you like and you keep doing that , there 's not going to be music enough for you to go and get , because they 're not going to have a deal anymore . But who knows ? Record labels may one day be out all together , and people may be making their own music and selling it on their Web sites . CNN : That seems to benefit established artists more than up-and-coming ones . Aldean : Radio 's really accepted us , and proven that they 're really going to play my stuff as long as I give them something good to play . Fans are coming out to the show , so I mean what more could I ask for ? My original plan when I got started in this deal was just to be able to make a good living for my family and play music . I 've been able to do that , which is all I 've ever wanted .	Jason Aldean riding high with new hit , "  She 's Country " Georgia native conscious of ticket prices , giving value Aldean : " -LSB- I -RSB- would not pay 80 bucks to go see me ! "
Imagine you 're a hotel company with a score of brands that seem , well , dated . All the flash amenities of yesteryear seem irrelevant today . No one is using the minibar , room service is more trouble than it 's worth , and all your young travelers gripe that there 's no free wi-fi . What do you do ? Answer : you build an entirely new product . Currently , there is a gap in the market for hotel rooms that fill the needs of the globetrotting generation of millennials . That wo n't be the case for much longer , though , as many of the world 's largest hotel chains are gearing up to roll out new hotels aimed exclusively at tomorrow 's travelers . Next year will see the arrival of Moxy  Marriott  , Tommie  Commune Hotels  and Radisson Red , plus the expansion of already established hipster brands , like Aloft  Starwood  , Andaz  Hyatt  , CitizenM and Hotel Indigo  InterContinental Hotels  . "  Every big company is looking at the same statistics we 're seeing and saying , ` wow , we better do something for our millennial segment if we want to stay relevant , ' " says Ramesh Jackson , the vice president and global brand manager for Moxy Hotels . In order to appeal to a segment of traveler that is swiftly on the rise and soon expected to surpass Baby Boomers in their spending , hotels are having to majorly rethink their strategies and offerings . Space : Redefined and redesigned In previous generations , privacy and personal space were key concepts in the hotel industry . As the world gets more social , however , that is decreasingly the case . Today 's traveler does n't want to sit alone at their desk . Rather , what they crave is community spaces . Radisson Red , for instance , has replaced many of the workplace staples found in more traditional rooms with more collaborative furnishings , like a sofa in place of a one-person armchair . "  Young people rarely sit at a desk and work . They like to work on their bed , or curl up on a chair , and we 've had to design a room that facilitates that , " says Gordon McKinnon , the chief brand officer for Carlson Rezidor -- the umbrella company for Radisson . Moxy , meanwhile , has introduced a range of "  zones " in their lobby , including a quiet zone -- a Starbucks-style area where groups of people can work independently , though together -- and a video wall where guests can share their photos . "  This segment does n't want to be confined to one enclosed space , and that 's an idea that 's been adopted by many brands , " explains Nikhil Bhalla , vice president of equity research in lodging at FBR Capital Markets . Tech is king When it comes to satisfying the insatiable techie hunger of today 's traveler , new hotel brands know that wi-fi alone no longer cuts it . "  If you do n't have high-speed , and if it 's not free , you can forget about this target audience , " says Jackson . The standard menu of seemingly endless cable channels also does n't hold the allure it once did . "  They want to bring their own device , watch their own movies , and listen to their own music , " notes McKinnon . To address this , Radisson Red is looking at ditching in-room televisions in favor of projectors and quality surround sound . The product counts Even in the budget bracket , customers are expressing their desire for high-quality amenities , particularly when it comes to food , gym and bathroom offerings . As a result , the newer brands are rushing to form partnerships with respected brands , both on the global and local scale . Though considered an economy brand , Moxy is planning on partnering with cosmetics company Rituals for the bathroom amenities , and Tails , an award-winning drinks company that makes pre-mixed cocktails . "  Even for a brand in the economy tier , guests expect products they can recognize , not a watered-down shampoo , " explains Jackson . The Airbnb effect So what about that elephant in the room ? You know , the king of the "  sharing economy " -- Airbnb -- that has lured enough next-gen travelers to potentially put its valuation above Hyatt and the InterContinental ? Will Millennials really give up their loyalty for Airbnb for the likes of Moxy and Tommie ? Industry experts seem unperturbed . "  Airbnb is n't really that cheap , " notes Jackson . "  And is someone who is using the Marriott hotel brand , and earning points towards their next stay , do they want to go to Airbnb ? I really think they have a bigger effect on service apartments . "	Millennials will soon account for half of all business flights To cater to this segment , hotel chains are building entirely new brands Instagram walls , social media concierges and iPhone keys are newest hotel amenities Some think Airbnb although a notable upstart in the market , does n't threaten traditional hotel chains
A Georgia man became the first inmate in the United States to be put to death since the botched execution of an Oklahoma man in April . Marcus A. Wellons , 59 , was declared dead at 11:56 p.m. Tuesday at the Georgia Diagnostic and Classification Prison in Jackson , according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution . The newspaper was one of the media witnesses to the execution . Wellons ' execution was one of three scheduled in less than 24 hours . John Winfield was put to death by lethal injection at 12:01 a.m. CT Wednesday , a statement from the Missouri Department of Public Safety said . He was pronounced dead nine minutes later . In Florida , John Ruthell Henry is scheduled to be executed at 6 p.m. Wednesday . Wellons was convicted in 1993 of raping and killing India Roberts , 15 , in Cobb County , just outside Atlanta . Earlier , Georgia Department of Corrections spokeswoman Lisa Rodriguez-Presley said the execution drug to be used was pentobarbital , the same as Georgia has used in the past . Georgia uses a single execution drug , while Oklahoma uses a lethal cocktail , she said . Clayton Lockett was put to death in April in Oklahoma . Execution witnesses said Lockett , a convicted murderer and rapist , convulsed and writhed on the execution gurney and struggled to speak before officials blocked the witnesses ' view . Lockett died of a heart attack 43 minutes after being administered the first drug , CNN affiliate KFOR-TV in Oklahoma City reported . A team that prepared Lockett for execution in April failed to set a properly functioning I-V in his leg , according to preliminary findings of an independent autopsy released last week . Botched Oklahoma execution : Outside review questions prep work Tennessee to use electric chair when lethal drugs unavailable U.S. Supreme Court grants stay of ` excruciating ' execution	Marcus Wellons was convicted of raping , killing Georgia teen His execution was the first in U.S. since a botched Oklahoma execution Executions were scheduled in Georgia , Missouri and Florida over 24 hours
CNN  -- Lori Hyde was hunting for a unique vacation experience when her curiosity was piqued by Pretty Joe Rock , a tiny speck of land in the waters off Marathon in the Florida Keys with just enough room for a two-bedroom home and a few clusters of mangroves . She and her husband spent a week on the petite island in February , relaxing and enjoying each other 's company , with no one else around but the resident birds . "  I was looking for a rental that would be private so that came up as I was searching around and we were like , well it ca n't get much more private than that , " said Hyde , 43 , a stay-at-home mom who lives in Woodbridge , Virginia . "  It 's not an exclusive sort of thing . We 're just ordinary people who just did something cool . " Indeed , the idea of renting a private island usually conjures up images of multimillionaires spending a fortune to jet off to a tropical paradise in the Caribbean or the South Pacific . If you have a lot of money to shell out , the possibilities are endless . But while a big budget will give you more options and luxurious accommodations , you do n't have to be rich to rent your own island for a vacation . It can sometimes take as little as a few hundred dollars a week , a sense of adventure and the willingness to look at locations closer to home . The island mystique Pretty Joe Rock , for example , can be yours for under $ 3,000 a week , which includes the use of a boat to get you to and from the island . Owner Bob Rainek said he gets a broad spectrum of renters , from blue collar to white collar ; from families with kids to couples . "  It 's almost a universal thing that people have this romantic kind of feeling for islands , " Rainek said . "  It 's a mystique to be on your own private island , to have water 360 degrees -LSB- around you . -RSB- It 's a primal type emotion , as I look at it . " Business has been brisk despite the economy , partly because people who might otherwise go to Mexico for a vacation have been scared off by that country 's drug-related violence and are looking for something exotic closer to home , Rainek said . He was proud to tout the Florida Keys , which he called "  America 's Caribbean , " as an alternative . Some of the most popular places to rent islands may surprise you . They include the northern United States and Canada , said Chris Krolow , the CEO of Private Islands Inc. , a company based in Toronto , Ontario , that has about 200 islands for rent all over the world in its database . Clients come from all walks of life , spending as little as $ 550 for a week on Republic Island in Michigan  which comes with a log cabin  or more than $ 66,000 for a week on The Rania Experience in the Maldives  which comes with three villas , a private chef , a yacht and other ultra-luxurious touches . ` Robinson Crusoe ' experience For something in between , a budget of several thousand dollars a week is usually a good start . "  We 're even finding more and more people who are saving and planning a honeymoon on an island . It 's a little bit more expensive than what they had originally planned but it seems to be a growing trend , " Krolow said . "  It 's probably the most romantic experience that you could ever imagine just being on this tiny island with the person that you just married . " You can choose a self-catering island , which gives you the use of a home but requires you to bring your own food and make your own meals  the less expensive option  , or a full-service island that comes with a staff , according to Vladi Private Islands , a company based in Hamburg , Germany . Its database of about 150 islands for rent includes everything from Île de Chantemesle near Paris , France , to Forsyth Island , New Zealand . Some people seek the thrill of being dropped off in a remote place that 's completely undeveloped . On "  Robinson Crusoe " islands , you are left to your own devices , make your own meals , bring a tent or hammock and anything else you may need , the company said . Nova Scotia , Canada , is one part of the world that offers such opportunities , added Sabine Rollinger , a Vladi spokeswoman . Krolow recalled a CEO who last year spent 10 days on a deserted spot in the Marshall Islands bonding with his 13-year-old son . "  It 's pretty much the closest you 'll get to being stranded on your own private island , " Krolow said . Spending a lot or a little On the other end of the spectrum , there 's Necker Island , Sir Richard Branson 's 74-acre paradise in the British Virgin Islands complete with luxurious accommodations and a large staff . It 's all yours for at least $ 53,000 a night for up to 28 guests , though you can rent individual rooms for a fraction of that price during a select few "  Celebration Weeks . " YouTube : See what $ 53,000 a day gets you on Necker Island It may sound like the ultimate getaway , but people who are looking for that private island feel might be a little disappointed by such a huge resort , Krolow said . And if the idea of having an island all too yourself is too expensive or intimidating , you can try one with a single lodge or hotel perched on top , like the quaint five-room bed-and-breakfast on East Brother Light Station near San Francisco , California . Starting at about $ 300 a night , it 's an island stay that 's both private and not too hard on the wallet . Whatever your budget , an island may be waiting .	Many islands can be rented for a few thousand dollars a week If you have a sense of adventure , some can be had for a few hundred dollars "  It 's a mystique to be on your own private island , " owner says Necker Island is on the other end of the spectrum at $ 53,000-plus a night
CNN  -- What does a Russian airline still shaking off a dubious reputation have in common with one of the biggest football clubs in the world ? A match made in branding heaven if you 're the marketing men for Aeroflot and Manchester United . Earlier this summer the Russian carrier signed a five year deal with the English Premier League champions to be the club 's official airline . If it raised a few eyebrows among fans around Old Trafford who wondered if their team would be flying to their European fixtures via Moscow , the view from Russia is that the deal means a great deal indeed . "  Manchester United is one of the leading clubs in the world , with a fan base of 600 million , " said Aeroflot 's Alexander Lukashin . "  We share common values of teamwork and are both leaders in the market . " The airline might be a market leader in Russia , but it has a way to go before becoming a major international airline . Yet the deal is just one instance of how much airlines are valuing alliances with successful sports teams . "  Manchester United often talk about having hundreds of millions global fans , including 18 million in Russia .  Aeroflot  are desperate for the traffic and to migrate some of those fans onto their planes , " said Dave Chattaway , Brand Finance 's Head of Sports Valuation . According to Brand Finance , Aeroflot is the 19th most valuable airline brand , while Manchester United are second behind Bayern Munich on the company 's list of most valuable football clubs . With privileged access to players for airline promotions and pitch-side advertisements , Lukashin expects the airline to ally with the most eye-catching parts of Manchester United . Expect a Manchester United branded plane , TV spots with the likes of Robin van Persie and Ryan Giggs in the not too distant future and their faces to loom large on Aeroflot billboards around the world . Go inside an Airbus A380 with Google Street View Deals between airlines and football clubs are nothing new , but the size of the deals and scope of the partnerships have boomed in the last few years . Most of Europe 's top clubs have an official airline partner , while Barcelona this year broke its 113-year tradition of having no corporate sponsor on the front of their shirt to display Qatar Airways . Extending these airline partnerships is a logical step for football clubs , says Chattaway . "  These days it 's more a question of why have n't all top ten English Premier League teams got an official airline , " he said . "  There are cross-selling opportunities for both clubs and airlines and huge awareness opportunities for airlines . " The help in logistics for the clubs is one benefit of the deals . Manchester United were whisked around their pre-season tour of Asia on a private jet equipped with lie-flat business class seats , while rivals Manchester City have shirt sponsors Etihad to help with the team 's travels . Chelsea FC entered into a deal with U.S. carrier Delta last year to be the club 's official airline sponsor . Aeroflot says it will offer Manchester United "  strategic travel advice . " The real pay-off however comes from the boost in finances as clubs seek new way to grow revenue and reach emerging markets . Aeroflot declined to say how much the deal with Manchester United was worth , but industry observers believe they out-bid Turkish Airlines , the club 's previous airline sponsor , for an alliance with the club . If the Aeroflot Manchester United deal seems slightly incongruous , it is perhaps because the biggest players in sponsorship deals have hitherto been the booming airlines from the Middle East -- Emirates , Qatar Airlines and Etihad Airways -- with Emirates a long-time supporter of sports teams , not just football , around the world . Emirates aim for high-flyers with private jet service The Dubai-based airline 's name can be seen on the shirts of some of the world 's best known teams -- Arsenal , Paris Saint-Germain , AC Milan -- and it also boasts a sponsorship deal with Real Madrid . "  Emirates have a habit of sponsoring clubs when they open new routes , " said Chattaway . "  It can help them bring in promotions and advertise new routes . " Chattaway believes the number of deals and their value will only increase in years to come , as brand positioning and the desire to find new markets becoming more important for both football clubs and airlines . "  When  Indonesian airline  Garuda said it wanted to become a five-star airline , one of the first things it did was partner with a global brand , " he said . Steven Gerrard , the England and Liverpool FC captain , can now be seen with other club players smiling at passengers on a Garuda plane in one of the airline 's TV adverts . "  Airlines have realized that partnering with sports is the quickest way to make tag lines like Turkish Airways ' ` Globally Yours ' a reality , " said Chattaway .	Aeroflot became official airline of Manchester United earlier this summer Value of five-year deal was not disclosed Airlines increasingly seeing value in aligning their brand with football teams Both clubs and airlines look for new international markets and fans
Since 1848 , Fort Bliss has been where U.S. soldiers toil , train and sweat under the strong Southwest sun before departing for battlegrounds around the world . It has also been where their loved ones grieve upon hearing the worst possible news from the war front -- including in 52 cases over eight years of fighting in Iraq . Such heart-wrenching returns from that Middle Eastern nation will soon become history . President Barack Obama announced Friday that the vast majority of the more than 39,000 U.S. troops now stationed in Iraq , including about 3,500 from Fort Bliss , "  will definitely be home for the holidays . " The decision set off shrieks and tears of joy among family members of the deployed troops . "  Everybody was yelling and screaming and clapping and crying , " recalled Denise Young , whose husband , John , deployed in July . "  It was very emotional . " Extreme highs and lows are nothing new for military spouses like Young , who is the daughter of a 28-year Marine . Her husband -- a medic for the 4th Brigade of the 1st Armored Division , which is based at Fort Bliss -- has been in the military for five years . Young said there are plenty of headaches and heartache for her and the couple 's children every time her husband sets off for such countries as Iraq and Afghanistan . Some of it stems from suddenly becoming a single parent , and then there 's the looming nightmare of possibly never seeing her husband alive again . "  It 's always a worry , " Young said . "  You just have to take it one day at a time . " Like Young , Brooke Trapnell expected the day she could finally breathe -- when her husband , Tyrone , was finally back in her arms -- would come in July . That would have marked 12 months after the husband was first deployed to Iraq . Trapnell said the separation has been difficult . The rest of her family is 2,000 miles away in Pennsylvania , and she found herself forced to become "  the man and the woman of the house " when problems , like a broken toilet , arose . She believes Obama 's decision is the right one . The decision came after talks with the Iraqis about extending the U.S. troop presence broke down over the key issue of legal immunity for American military personnel . The campaign has claimed more than 4,400 American lives and has cost upwards of $ 700 billion , according to the Department of Defense . "  It 's been too long , " Trapnell said . Morgan Herrera does n't think her husband , Leonardo , should return to Iraq , either . He is a petroleum specialist who deployed for the first time in August , less than a month after arriving at Fort Bliss , which covers roughly 1.1 million acres of land in southern Texas and New Mexico . "  It 's been eight years , so I feel like it 's about time , " she said of the Iraq war . Herrera added she is "  ecstatic " that her husband should be home in time to celebrate his 21st birthday , and she is eager to cook him his favorite meal of pork chops . But she and other Fort Bliss families know , too , that while their loved ones may not head back to Iraq , that does not mean they wo n't face more danger . While thousands of personnel from the army base are now in Iraq , more -- about 5,000 -- are in Afghanistan . Even as her mind races at "  a million miles an hour " in anticipation of her husband 's imminent return , Young said she 's trying not to lose the perspective that comes with life as a military spouse . "  It 's the army , " Young said . "  You do n't know what tomorrow is going to hold . You just do the best you can . " Trapnell said that she 's heard some Fort Bliss troops might go from Iraq to Kuwait and eventually end up in Afghanistan . But she said that , for now , she is trying to enjoy the fact that her husband will be home , and can not bring herself to consider yet that he may be in harm 's way again , this time in Afghanistan . "  That 's not an option in my mind , " she said .	Fort Bliss is home to the Army 's 1st Armored Division and has 3,500 personnel in Iraq They 'll all be coming home within weeks after Obama announced a troop withdrawal A military spouse says "  it was very emotional " when she and others heard the news She and others are happy , while cognizant their loved ones could head to Afghanistan
CNN  -- As President Obama and Mexican President Felipe Calderon talk tough about cracking down on the deadly drug war , the United States is changing tactics in the battle against illegal narcotics at home . Legalizing marijuana is off the table , the White House says . The man Obama picked to be the new "  drug czar , " Gil Kerlikowske , has made it clear that the United States is going to do a better job of treating addicts to try to reduce the demand for narcotics . Kerlikowske , 59 , is a military veteran with 36 years of law enforcement experience . The drug czar oversees an agency that sets the country 's drug-control strategy . The White House and Congress want to see more drug courts , and increased funding for the program 250 percent in the spending bill signed in March . It 's a campaign pledge that the Obama administration thinks will give nonviolent offenders "  a chance to serve their sentence , where appropriate , in the type of drug rehabilitation programs that have proven to work better than a prison term in changing bad behavior , " according to the White House Web site . Judge Paul Gluchowski , who works with the Prince William County Juvenile Drug Court in Virginia , dismissed the notion that a drug treatment program is the easy way out . Watch what it 's like inside the drug court " If anyone thinks that , he said he 'd tell them they should "  come and talk to some of the participants . A lot of them probably wish they never agreed to undergo drug court . And a lot of them have given up because it 's too hard . " Those who slip up in drug court can be forced to wear ankle-monitoring bracelets or put into juvenile detention . "  If they do n't give up , then when it comes time for graduation and you see the shine on their face , when you know that they have accomplished something , and they know that . That 's what it 's all about , " Gluchowski said . Vice President Joe Biden stressed the importance of drug courts and prisoner re-entry programs when he announced Kerlikowske 's position in March , saying they "  can serve as the light at the end of the tunnel , of a very long , long dark tunnel , for those who are stuck in the cycle of drug addiction and incarceration . " Kerlikowske said he was committed to tackling the nation 's drug problem , but noted that it would take a "  coordinated and multifaceted effort . " "  The success of our efforts to reduce the flow of drugs is largely dependent on our ability to reduce demand for them , " Kerlikowske said , calling the nation 's drug problem one of "  human suffering . " "  It requires prosecutors and law enforcement , courts , treatment providers and prevention programs to exchange information and to work together . And our priority should be a seamless , comprehensive approach , " he said . In meeting with Calderon on Thursday , Obama tried to show Mexico 's president that he is committed to ending a crisis that hits so close to home . Obama vowed to beef up security along the border and to work to slow the flow of guns and drugs . He said the United States shares responsibility for the drug problem , saying "  a demand for these drugs in the United States is what is helping to keep these cartels in business . " But he also tried to limit expectations that there could be any sort of quick fix . "  Now , are we going to eliminate all drug flows ? Are we going to eliminate all guns coming over the border ? That 's not a realistic objective , " he said . "  What is a realistic objective is to reduce it so significantly , so drastically that it becomes once again a localized criminal problem , as opposed to a major structural problem that threatens stability in communities along those borders . " The White House has listened to those who say legalizing marijuana will pull the rug from under the violent cartels in Mexico and boost the U.S. economy , but that option is not on the table . Asked Thursday if that is something realistic , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano quickly responded , "  No , it is not . " Sixty percent of drug criminals sent to prison re-offend , compared to 17 percent of graduates of drug court , according to the National Association of Drug Court Professionals . Drug policy experts like those numbers , but say the nation needs more treatment options . "  For individuals who do n't have the resources , do n't have public health insurance , ca n't afford it themselves , the single best way that they can access treatment is to get arrested , " said Ryan King , a policy analyst with the Sentencing Project . "  And that 's wrong . What we need to do is make sure for every American that is abusing drugs and wants to stop , that they have the resources made available to them , regardless of whether they can afford them . " CNN 's Jim Acosta and Kristi Keck contributed to this report .	Drug court supporters say program is more effective than jail time Biden stresses the importance of drug courts in announcing new drug czar Obama vows crackdown on drug war but says stopping all drug flow is unrealistic Legalizing marijuana is not an option , White House says
CNN  -- A Saudi Arabian political science professor who is an outspoken human rights advocate was taken into custody this week by the country 's secret police , his wife said Friday . Matrook al-Faleh , shown in 2004 , was seized after he criticized prison conditions , says Human Rights Watch . Human Rights Watch issued a report calling for the release of Matrook al-Faleh , 54 , who was seized at King Saud University in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , two days after he publicly criticized conditions in a prison where two Saudi human rights activists are serving jail terms , according to the agency . Jamila al-Uqla , al-Faleh 's wife , said her husband went to the university on Monday and never returned . She said police informed her that he was in custody at the city 's main detention facility . The next day , al-Uqla said , she tried to call police back , but no one could give her more details . She said that police did not say why he was seized and that she has not heard from him since . "  I keep calling the secret police , but they keep denying they 're holding him at their facility , " she said . "  I have called his cell phone , but there is no answer . He has not called even once . " Al-Uqla said she and al-Faleh are patriotic Saudis . "  My husband is transparent and does n't hide anything . He says whatever he sees . He has loyalty to his country and the interests of his country , " she said . Joe Stork , deputy director at Human Rights Watch 's Middle East division , said the arrest shows that human rights advocacy in Saudi Arabia remains "  a risky business . " "  By suppressing peaceful dissent , Saudi Arabia only stands to gain further notoriety as an abuser of human rights , " Stock said in the report . Phone calls to Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry were not answered . On Saturday , Human Rights Watch said that al-Faleh sent an e-mail to human rights activists and journalists about visiting procedures and detention conditions at a Buraida General Prison , where his fellow friends are being held . He called the visiting procedures laborious and compared the visiting area to a "  chicken coop . " "  Al-Faleh 's fellow activists , the brothers Abdullah al-Hamid and Isa al-Hamid , are serving prison sentences at Buraida General Prison for expressing support for a demonstration that took place in front of Buraida 's secret police prison by wives and relatives of long-term detainees held there without charge , " the group said . The activists decried the prison 's conditions as filthy and crowded , with poor health care , according to Human Rights Watch , which said it independently confirmed such conditions . "  It is outrageous that the Ministry of Interior arbitrarily arrests Dr. al-Faleh rather than addressing the inhumane conditions he documented , " Stork said . Al-Faleh , Abdullah al-Hamid and Ali al-Dumaini , who runs a Saudi discussion site , were arrested in 2004 for circulating a petition to then-Crown Prince Abdullah calling for a constitution guaranteeing basic human rights . A court sentenced Al-Faleh , Abdullah al-Hamid and Ali al-Dumaini , to six , seven and nine years respectively , but King Abdullah pardoned them in August 2005 , Human Rights Watch said . Al-Faleh 's recent statement had been reproduced on menber-alhewar . info , al-Dumaini 's Web site , according to Human Rights Watch . In contrast to her husband 's detention on Monday , al-Uqla said police in 2004 allowed her husband to call her just after his arrest . Saudi authorities arrested blogger Fouad al-Farhan in December after he called for the release of a group of detained peaceful reform activities . He was released in April . CNN 's Roba Alhenawi , Mohammed Jamjoom and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Wife of professor Matrook al-Faleh says police told her on Monday that he was in jail Jamila al-Uqla says police now deny that her husband is in custody Human Rights Watch says he was targeted for comments on prison conditions Al-Faleh was arrested in 2004 for circulating petition on human rights
CNN  -- Real Madrid defender Christoph Metzelder fully expects to be leaving the Spanish giants next summer . Metzelder , whose contract is up at the end of the season , has played just one Spanish Primera Liga match all campaign . And the 29-year-old admits the Bernabeu giants are unlikely to offer him a new deal . "  All us players have hope but you also have to be realistic and I do n't think the club will renew my contract , " the Germany international told reporters . "  These have been two-and-a-half complicated years for me , but I do n't want to talk about that . It is the coach who makes these decisions and as a player I have to accept it . "  I am professional and for that reason I will work until the end of the season and we 'll see if I return to playing or not . " Metzelder insists , however , that whatever happens he will not be leaving Madrid in the winter transfer window . "  I do n't think it 's the right date to change clubs , " he added . "  Moreover , in Germany the teams will not pay a transfer for a player who five months later will be free . In any case , I am a player who always completes his contracts . " Meanwhile , Real Madrid have denied they have received a mega-offer from Manchester City owner Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan to buy them out . Reports in Spain suggested the Sheikh was set to shell out one billion euros for Madrid and was due to meet club president Florentino Perez early in the new year for discussions . However , Madrid insist the story is completely unfounded . "  Real Madrid wishes to inform that Real Madrid president Mr. Florentino Perez has had a great friendship for many years with his Highness , Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan , " read a statement on the club 's official Web site . "  And that the so-called interest and the existence of any offer to acquire Real Madrid are false . "  His Highness has always shown tremendous respect for the club and understands that Real Madrid belongs to its members . " Sheikh Mansour , who is reportedly a Real Madrid supporter , is president of Abu Dhabi 's Al Jazira Club , where he set up a twinning agreement with the Spanish giants in 2005 .	Real Madrid defender Christoph Metzelder fully expects to be leaving the Spanish giants next summer Metzelder , whose contract is up at the end of the season , has played just one match all season Real Madrid deny they have received an offer from Manchester City owner to buy them out
EW.com  -- Fox has canceled three freshman comedies , including the most critically bashed sitcom of the season . The network confirms that Seth MacFarlane 's "  Dads " is dead . This is actually a bit surprising . The industry tom-toms began to drum in recent weeks that the series starring Giovanni Ribisi and Seth Green was , against the odds , looking very likely for a renewal . Recently , however , the caustic comedy 's fortune suddenly reversed . The axing is a win for the critics â $ " "  Dads " averaged a score of only 15 of 100 on Metacritic . In addition , "  Surviving Jack " is canceled too â $ " that 's definitely not a surprise . The single-camera sitcom based on best-selling author Justin Halpern 's autobiographical book , "  I Suck at Girls , " is a coming-of-age story set in the 1990s that featured Christopher Meloni as a dad trying to raise his teenage kids . The show struggled in the ratings on Thursday nights . Lastly , cult-fav comedy "  Enlisted " is dead . The Friday night freshman military comedy starring Geoff Stults and Chris Lowell was always a long shot for a renewal , but the feel-good series had plenty of fans and defenders who hoped it would get a second chance . In the ratings , "  Dads " averaged 4.2 million viewers and a 1.8 rating including DVR playback ; "  Surviving Jack " had 5 million and a 1.4 rating ; and "  Enlisted " had 2.7 million and a 1.0 rating . Fox is not commenting on whether the Greg Kinnear legal drama series "  Rake " is canceled , but nobody seems to expect the show to return for a second season either . Earlier this year , Fox announced renewals for Tuesday comedies "  New Girl , " "  Brooklyn Nine-Nine " and "  The Mindy Project . " Also , for those tracking this stuff , Fox has passed on comedy pilots "  No Place Like Home , " "  Fatrick " and "  Dead Boss . " This is the first of what 's sure to be many cancellations over the next several days as broadcasters prepare for their upfront presentation to advertisers . Last week , Fox pulled the plug on drama "  Almost Human . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Dads " had been critically bashed Cult favorite "  Enlisted " was axed Fox had already pulled the plug on "  Almost Human "
Below is a commentary from Glenn Beck , who anchors "  Glenn Beck " on Headline News nightly at 7 and 9 ET . Glenn Beck says politicians do n't have the answers to the housing crisis . NEW YORK  CNN  -- Longtime viewers of my television program know that I 've been banging the recession drum for a while now , but the truth is that an economy as large and complex as ours does n't just collapse overnight . It happens slowly and methodically , with plenty of warning signs along the way . Think about it as a series of waves heading toward the beach , with each one representing a different area of trouble . There 's one for slowing consumer spending  American Express said that spending among its affluent clients slowed for the first time since 2001  ; one for inflation  wholesale and consumer prices recently posted their largest increases in 26 and 17 years , respectively  ; and one for the continuing credit crunch  Citigroup recently announced its fourth-quarter loss was the largest in its 196-year history  . But while those waves are the latest to form , we need to pay more attention to the wave that started it all : housing . In theory , looking closely at the housing market in some parts of the country could help predict what 's in store for the rest of us . And if that 's true , then buckle up . If you look beyond the headlines , you 'll find a couple of unnerving trends . The first began back in the housing collapse that followed the savings and loan crisis of the late '80s and early '90s . People with homes worth less than their mortgages simply stopped paying , put their keys into an envelope , mailed them back to the bank and just walked away . It 's called "  jingle mail , " because when the banks receive the envelopes , all they hear are the jingling keys . But trust me , lenders would much rather have an empty house than a trashed one . Unfortunately , they 're starting to get both . Some homeowners , distraught over an imminent foreclosure , are destroying their homes before abandoning them . One Oregon man went so far as to lock three live pigs inside his house last year , making it unlivable , let alone sellable . You can think of it as a "  reverse housewarming gift " to his bank . Unfortunately , such behavior is leaving banks across the country stuck with empty , trashed homes , along with mortgages that will never be repaid . The result of it all -- the next wave to crash , if you will -- is that many lenders and banks will not be able to survive . We 're already seeing the start of that with the fire-sale acquisition of Countrywide , the nation 's largest lender , along with the historic loss just posted by the nation 's largest bank , Citigroup . So , the question that most people are now asking is : How do we stop things from getting worse ? It 's obvious : We should just listen to the politicians ! After all , combining an impending recession with an impending election means that every candidate is also suddenly an award-winning economist . Unfortunately , these "  economists " all seem to believe that government intervention is the answer . From tax rebates to rescue funds to extra state aid , it seems that every politician believes that handouts will trigger prosperity . While there are plenty of ludicrous ideas to highlight , one of my favorites was pitched by Hillary Clinton during the recent Democratic debate in Nevada : "  I want to see money in the pockets of people who are having trouble paying their energy bills . That stimulates the economy . ... And then , if we need additional stimulation , we should look at tax rebates for middle-class and working families , not for the wealthy who have already done very well under George Bush . " Now , I 'm not a former first lady , but I am a thinker , so let me ask the obvious question : Exactly how does helping a low-income family stay warm stimulate the economy ? Are they going to suddenly run out and buy an exotic vacation where they 'll spend their days brainstorming ways to employ hundreds of people ? Of course not . But whenever politicians see an opportunity to promote government handouts , they jump at it . If you want to talk about heating assistance for low-income families , fine . I 'm actually not a black-hearted monster , I want everyone to have heat . But that 's an energy issue , not an economic stimulus one . And instead of tax rebates , which are like economic crack because they result in a temporary high followed by an even lower low , how about we put some lasting trust back into the system by slashing government spending and finally sending the signal to businesses that taxes wo n't be going through the roof next year ? After all , no business owner -- including small-business owners like me -- are going to start expanding if they believe that our tax rates are about to skyrocket . That 's why we 've got to take away that uncertainty , cut corporate tax rates -- which are the second-highest in the developed world -- and watch as American businesses once again bail us out by creating thousands of jobs that pump billions of tax dollars back into Washington . Or , of course , we could just give heating oil subsidies to the poor . That would probably work just as well . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer . E-mail to a friend	Glenn Beck says U.S. economy has been slowly collapsing He says some people are trashing their houses before leaving them Politicians have a lot of ludicrous ideas for solving economic problems , he says
CNN  -- Didier Drogba muscled his way through for a late winner to put Chelsea into the FA Cup final with a 2-1 victory over Arsenal at Wembley on Saturday . A bare-chested Drogba is congratulated by Salomon Kalou after scoring the winner at Wembley . The all-London clash rarely hit the heights on a difficult pitch , but Drogba 's 84th minute strike gave Guus Hiddink 's men a deserved victory and leaves them in contention for three trophies . Dutchman Hiddink , who took temporary charge of the Blues in February and has lost only one match , said Drogba had proved his worth again . "  He is proving already he is so dangerous , very strong and physically fit , " he told Press Association . "  We respect each other very much but also challenge each other without thinking this is a big name . " Arsenal went ahead in the 18th minute as Theo Walcott 's volley deflected past Petr Cech , but Florent Malouda equalized for Chelsea just after the half hour mark . Chelsea looked the stronger against an Arsenal team missing key defenders and goalkeeper Manuel Almunia and it came as no surprise when Ivory Coast star Drogba scored a typical winner . He latched on to Frank Lampard 's hopeful volleyed through ball , shrugged off Mikael Silvestre before rounding Lukasz Fabianksi to roll the ball into an empty net . Ivory Coast international Drogba scored the winning goal against Manchester United in the 2007 FA Cup final and may get the chance to repeat the trick . Quintuple chasing United play Everton in the second semifinal , also at Wembley , on Sunday . Chelsea , who are a still challenging third in the Premier League and semifinals of the Champions League , showed their character after falling behind to Walcott 's strike . The England international winger connected with a chipped cross from Kieran Gibbs and his effort took a cruel deflection off Ashley Cole 's arm to beat Cech . Arsenal had made a fine start , but without injured central defender William Gallas and with Fabianski showing a lack of authority in goal , Chelsea came back strongly into the game . Malouda went close with a cross shot which eluded Fabianski , but he was not be denied soon afterwards as picked out by Lampard he cut inside Emmanuel Eboue and beat Fabianski at his near post . More slack defending from Denilson allowed Nicolas Anelka time to shoot and his shot hit the post with Fabianski beaten . Walcott looked occasionally dangerous on the flank and twice sent in crosses which might have been converted , but Chelsea looked the more threatening and the teams were spared extra time when Drogba powered through to score . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was left to rue their defensive errors and the performance of his 20-year-old Polish goalkeeper . "  He 's a great goalkeeper but it was not his greatest day , " Wenger said . "  Inexperience , yes . It was a game when any mistake could be costly . "	Didier Droba winner ends Arsenal 's long unbeaten run and puts Chelsea in final Theo Walcott put Arsenal ahead before Florent Malouda equalized Manchester United and Everton play in second FA Cup semifinal on Sunday
CNN  -- If this weekend 's box office battle was a big-screen boxing match , it would have been the original "  Rocky " : grinning , glamorous Apollo Creed against little-known and less-regarded Rocky Balboa . No one expected that one to go the full 15 rounds , either . In this weekend 's showdown , it was the established "  Gone Girl " against newcomer fantasy action flick "  Dracula Untold . " "  Gone Girl " held the title belt , but not by much : the adaptation of Gillian Flynn 's best-seller earned roughly $ 26.8 million compared with "  Dracula Untold 's " $ 23.5 million . But "  Gone Girl " seemed to have everything going for it , including big-name stars  led by Oscar winner Ben Affleck  , critical acclaim and tremendous word of mouth . Estimated second-weekend ticket sales fell just 29 % , compared with the 40 % to 50 % decline most box office champs suffer in their second week out . Unlike the champ , "  Untold " seemed to have everything going against it . With the lead role held by Luke Evans , best known as the bad guy in last year 's "  Fast & Furious 6 , " there was a lack of major stars . Then there was the consideration of competition : Horror movie "  Annabelle " had opened the previous weekend , and unlike last year , most fright flicks are underperforming in 2014 . And the reviews ? Most critics put a stake through its heart , leaving "  Dracula Untold " at a putrid 26 % on RottenTomatoes.com . Yet when the dust settled , "  Dracula Untold " was the weekend 's top new movie . It 's a fresh take on the Dracula legend : Evans plays Vlad as a heroic figure who 's willing to do anything , including join the undead , to protect his family and his homeland . When you add in international ticket sales , the action-horror movie has already made back its $ 70 million budget . Newcomer "  Alexander and the Terrible , Horrible , No Good , Very Bad Day " also had much going for it , making its debut with big stars  Steve Carell and Jennifer Garner  and a story based on a much-loved book  Judith Viorst 's 1972 children 's classic  . While the live-action comedy knocked rival family film "  The Boxtrolls " well down the chart , it also found itself sitting on the sidelines in third place . The weekend 's other new movies , "  The Judge , " starring Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Duvall , and "  Addicted , " starring Sharon Leal and Boris Kodjoe , performed about as expected , debuting fifth and seventh , respectively . And after 2Â 1/2 months , "  Guardians of the Galaxy " finally fell out of the top 10 . That said , people are still going to see the top-grossing movie of the year : It 's up to $ 326 million domestic . Turns out we are all Groot . Weekend domestic box office estimates from Exhibitor Relations Co. , with final numbers available Monday afternoon : 1 . "  Gone Girl " : $ 26.8 million  $ 78.3 million total 2 . "  Dracula Untold " : $ 23.5 million  debut 3 . "  Alexander and the Terrible , Horrible , No Good , Very Bad Day " : $ 19.1 million  debut 4 . "  Annabelle " : $ 16.4 million  $ 62.2 million total 5 . "  The Judge " : $ 13.3 million  debut	"  Dracula Untold " was the weekend 's top new movie But returning champ "  Gone Girl " held the title belt Family comedy "  Alexander " opened at No. 3
CNN  -- Latino activists said Monday they are planning a national "  day of action " to protest President Barack Obama and demand an end to a controversial program involving local officials in immigration enforcement . Actions are scheduled for Tuesday in 10 U.S. cities , including Atlanta , New York , Houston and San Francisco . "  Since signaling a new course in our immigration policy a few weeks ago , President Obama has continued his aggressive persecution , jailing , and deportation of hundreds of thousands of immigrants who he has labeled ` criminals ' and whose lives are being destroyed through traffic violations and similar minor infractions , " said Roberto Lovato of Presente.org , a Latino rights organization . Protesters want an immediate end to Secure Communities , an Immigration and Customs Enforcement program that seeks to find unauthorized immigrants who have criminal records and deport them . Federal officials have praised the program , arguing it allows authorities to catch criminals who would otherwise fall through the cracks . But critics say it results in the deportations of immigrants who are in the United States illegally but have no criminal arrest records . Tuesday 's protests are timed to coincide with the airing of "  Lost in Detention , " a PBS Frontline documentary about immigration detention and enforcement strategies . More than 1 million immigrants have been deported since Obama took office , activists say . The president won two-thirds of the Hispanic and Latino vote in the 2008 presidential election , according to national exit polls . Keeping that vote is key to his re-election chances . "  We will be mobilizing our community and educating them on how to fight back against abuses on the street , in prison and at the ballot box , " said Adelina Nicholls of the Georgia Latino Alliance for Human Rights , which is planning a town hall-type meeting in Atlanta on Tuesday . In an August 2 report , the Department of Homeland Security said Secure Communities was active in more than 1,500 jurisdictions across the country .	Actions are expected in 10 U.S. cities Protesters want an immediate end to the Secure Communities program Obama won two-thirds of the Hispanic and Latino vote in 2008
CNN  -- Benilda Caixeta , who was paralyzed from her shoulders down , was one of many residents of New Orleans , Louisiana , still trying to evacuate when Hurricane Katrina struck on August 29 , 2005 . But despite her repeated calls to the local transportation system that served people with disabilities , as well as to 911 , help never arrived . She was found dead in her apartment several days later , floating next to her wheelchair . Monday marks the 20th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act . As we celebrate this historic law , which delivered civil rights to millions of Americans , we must also acknowledge how far we still have to go to live up to the law 's promise -- especially when it comes to planning for disasters and protecting the vulnerable such as Benilda Caixeta . For years , our nation 's emergency management community simply has not done a good enough job planning for and meeting the needs of people with disabilities . When Katrina hit in 2005 , more than 54 million Americans , or almost 20 percent of our population , had disabilities . During that hurricane season , communities with large disabled populations were struck hard . Their experiences are some of the lesser known -- but equally important -- lessons that should have been learned from those storms . Yet we saw many of those same mistakes repeated two years later during Hurricanes Gustav and Ike . Many children and adults with disabilities were turned away from shelters . Blind and deaf residents did not have access to critical information about where to go or how to get assistance . Services that are required under ADA and other disability rights laws were not provided . And many disabled evacuees developed serious -- but preventable -- health complications . Last month , these issues were again highlighted by lawmakers during a congressional hearing at which questions were raised about whether enough funds are being committed to ensure the safety of people with disabilities . It is our responsibility to meet these challenges , and that requires understanding their cause . The root of the problem lies here : Historically the U.S. emergency management field has treated people with disabilities as a separate population , rather than as part of the larger community . This limited approach not only directly violates the intent of the ADA , but ties up personnel and resources when a disaster strikes . It jeopardizes everyone 's safety . As the administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency and former head of the Florida Department of Emergency Management , I know from experience that we ca n't afford to wait to plan for people with disabilities until after we plan for the rest of the community . That 's why one of my top priorities in my first year at FEMA has been to transform the way the emergency management community thinks about integrating this vital population . From day one , we have challenged every member of our leadership team to start integrating the needs of people with disabilities into every step of planning . In February , we established the Office of Disability Integration and Coordination , the first office in FEMA 's history dedicated to ensuring that the needs of people with disabilities are factored into all operations . As a result , we are already taking important steps to better support all members of our emergency management team -- state and local officials , nonprofit organizations , volunteer groups and the private sector -- in helping people with disabilities before , during and after a disaster . We are working with disability advocates to incorporate the needs of people with disabilities into emergency communications and public alert systems , evacuations , transportation and medical equipment supply plans . Preplanning for evacuations , for example , must include accessible transportation for people using wheelchairs and information that is easy to act on for people who are deaf or blind , or people who have cognitive or intellectual disabilities . We are improving our disaster housing strategies to ensure that people with disabilities have access to general shelters and temporary housing that meet their needs and to ease their transitions back into the community . Shelters must be able to keep families intact during an emergency , instead of turning away members of a family because of a disability . We have already seen some of these strategies start to make a difference . Just last month , during the evacuations for Hurricane Alex , Baptist Child and Family Services , which provides shelters for the state of Texas , followed our guidelines for serving evacuees with and without disabilities in their community shelters . These guidelines included providing practical cot and sleeping arrangements for evacuees with disabilities , helping them with personal care , hygiene and special dietary needs , and accommodating service animals in the shelter , among other things . And because our primary mission is always to support state and local officials when responding to a disaster , we are coordinating disability-focused training within FEMA and with our federal partners across the Obama administration and private organizations . This is just the beginning of an effort that will be challenging and take a lot of hard work . This anniversary is an opportunity to reflect on how far our nation has come since the Americans with Disabilities Act was first signed into law -- and to take an honest look at where we go from here . At FEMA , that means continuing to learn from the mistakes of the past to better protect and serve the entire community . It 's not only the law -- it 's the right thing to do . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Craig Fugate .	Those with disabilities are especially at risk in disasters , says FEMA 's Craig Fugate Help did not arrive for victims in such disasters as Hurricane Katrina Fugate : Historically relief authorities have n't planned for those with disabilities He says FEMA is taking on the challenge , but there 's a long way to go
CNN  -- A girl who was shown on a videotape being sexually assaulted in Las Vegas has been found and is safe , officials in Nye County , Nevada , said Friday . Chester Arthur Stiles , 37 , is being sought as a suspect , police say . "  We have found the child , Madison . She 's safe . The detectives say she is in good condition , " Nye County Sheriff Tony De Meo said . The girl , now 7 , was shown in a sex video made four years ago , Detective David Boruchowitz said at a news conference Friday night . She was found Friday with family in Las Vegas after thousands of tips poured in , thanks to an appeal by police to the news media to show the girl 's picture . CNN and other news organizations did so until the child was found , when De Meo asked them to stop showing the picture . "  The mother has cooperated with us , " De Meo said . "  We believe that the mother was not aware of anything that went on with this young girl , " he said . "  It was very sad for her to find this out . " A former Las Vegas animal trainer , Chester Arthur Stiles , 37 , a resident of Pahrump , Nevada , has been identified as a suspect and is being sought in the case , De Meo said . Pahrump is about 60 miles west of Las Vegas . Watch what 's known about Stiles " Stiles was a distant friend of the girl 's family , De Meo said . Someone close to Stiles has told investigators that Stiles is a "  survivalist type " and always carries a weapon , Nye County District Attorney Bob Beckett said . De Meo addressed Stiles directly : "  Turn yourself in to your local law enforcement agency , " he said . "  Understand this : Law enforcement not only has a long arm , but a long memory . You will not be forgotten by members of this agency or any other law enforcement agency . " The FBI is also seeking Stiles on state charges of sexual assault and lewdness with a minor under the age of 14 in a separate matter , De Meo said . Police , who had called Stiles a person of interest , began calling him a suspect late Friday . There appeared to be physical similarities between Stiles and the man in the videotape , De Meo said . "  Nothing that I have seen in my career comes close to what this girl has gone through . Whoever this person is is a predator that , as far as I 'm concerned , belongs in custody and , if successfully prosecuted , in jail for as long as the law allows , " De Meo said earlier . Detectives said the child showed little emotion during the rapes , indicating she may have been brutalized before . Nevadan Darren Tuck recently gave police the videotape , saying he found it in the desert , De Meo said . Police said the tape was in his possession at least since May before he handed it over to authorities . He is being sought on a parole violation for failure to pay child support , but police -- who want to question him further -- have been unable to locate him . Tuck , who also allegedly showed the tape to others before giving it to police , faces a possible 10-years-to-life sentence for exhibiting pornography and another one to six years for possession of child pornography , De Meo said . Harry Kuehn , Tuck 's attorney , said this week on CNN 's "  Nancy Grace " that Tuck was "  racked by indecision " about what to do with the tape once he realized what it was . Asked why , Kuehn said , "  He 's explained that to us , and at this point , we 're not going to share that , because it goes to the defense of the matter . " "  You have to consider what kind of concerns my client had ; He 's previously dealt with the sheriff 's office in Nye County ; it was previously unsatisfactory , " the attorney said . E-mail to a friend	Stiles described as "  survivalist type " who carries a weapon Mother has cooperated with police , sheriff says Girl on tape , now 7 , found safe with family Tape shows man sexually abusing the girl 4 years ago
CNN  -- A fast-moving wildfire destroyed at least 20 homes near Guthrie , Oklahoma , on Sunday -- one of several fires to break out amid unseasonably high temperatures and windy conditions in the state , officials said . The Guthrie blaze was about four miles long and up to a mile wide , and was burning a largely rural area , Logan County Sheriff 's Office Chief Deputy Richard Stephens told CNN . "  It 's growing so fast it 's pretty hard to estimate , " Stephens said . "  There are a lot of cedar trees , they have a lot of oil in them and they just explode . " Guthrie Fire Chief Eric Harlow put the fire 's size at between 3,000 to 4,000 acres . No injuries were reported , but some firefighters and residents were overcome by the heat and smoke while fighting the fire , Harlow said . Those people were treated at the scene . People were trying to evacuate a large number of livestock , according to Stephens . The fire was the largest of several in the state that are being fueled by temperatures in the 90s and high winds , according to Keli Cain , spokeswoman for the Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management . "  They got three ingredients for a bad fire : high temperatures , high winds , and low humidity , " said Daryl Williams with the National Weather Service in Norman .	The fire near Guthrie is one of several to break out in the state No injuries have been reported The fires are being fueled by hot , dry weather and high winds
New York  CNN  -- The New York Stock Exchange conducted an electronic systems test Saturday in preparation for Twitter 's highly anticipated initial public offering . Only a small number of people were on the trading floor for the test , which NYSE spokesman Eric Ryan called successful . The exchange tested connectivity and running data and did a simulated auction . "  We 're grateful to all the firms that chose to participate . We are being very methodical in our planning for Twitter 's IPO , and are working together with the industry to ensure a world class experience for Twitter , retail investors and all market participants . " The date of the IPO has n't been announced . In a regulatory filing earlier this month , Twitter set a preliminary price range of $ 17 to $ 20 per share for its IPO , though that price could change . Twitter will have to set its final price the night before it begins trading . The IPO price , however , is really meant for institutional investors such as Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley , which can purchase shares directly from the Twitter IPO 's underwriters . Regular investors will get their first chance to buy Twitter the following day , when shares will begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker "  TWTR . " Twitter 's choice to go with NYSE was considered a snub to the tech-heavy Nasdaq exchange , which caught major heat for the massive fumbling of Facebook 's IPO last year . Facebook was the most anticipated IPO of 2012 and one of the largest ever for a tech company , but an array of problems and misjudgments led to a botched IPO in May , and the company 's stock plummeted . The initial offer price of $ 38 was too high , too many shares were issued , its opening day was marred by Nasdaq 's technical glitches and underwriter Morgan Stanley was fined for improperly influencing share sales . Facebook 's stock has since recovered and is now trading above $ 50 , helped in large part by its swift success in selling ads on mobile devices .	NYSE wanted to avoid a repeat of Nasdaq 's Facebook bungle Only a handful of people were on the trading floor The NYSE says the test was a success Twitter is preparing for a highly anticipated IPO
CNN  -- Barcelona forward Lionel Messi leads a three-man shortlist for the FIFA Ballon d'Or , the award given to the world 's best footballer , which was announced on Monday . The 24-year-old is joined by Barca teammate Xavi and Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo on the list , with the winner being announced at the FIFA Ballon d'Or Gala in Zurich , Switzerland , on January 9 2012 . Argentina star Messi is looking to win the accolade for the third year in a row , having been crowned the game 's leading player in 2009 and 2010 . Spain 's Xavi was third last year while Portugal 's Ronaldo won the award in 2008 . Should Messi once again be named the world 's best , he would draw level with Frenchman Zinedine Zidane and Brazilian Ronaldo as a three-time winner of the gong . Messi and Xavi were part of the Barca team which defeated Manchester United 3-1 at London 's Wembley stadium in May to become European champions , while the pair also helped the Catalans seal a third consecutive Spanish Primera Liga title . Ronaldo netted the winning goal as Real beat Barca to clinch last season 's Copa del Rey , going on to finish the 2010-11 season as the top goalscorer in Spain . In the women 's game , Brazil 's Marta will look to take home the prize for the sixth consecutive year . The 25-year-old is joined on the shortlist by Abby Wambach of the U.S. and Homare Sawa , a 2011 World Cup winner with Japan . Barca 's Josep Guardiola heads the nominees for the Coach of the Year award , alongside Real 's Jose Mourinho and Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson , who guided the Red Devils to a record 19th English championship last season . Norio Sasaki is up for the women 's award after guiding Japan to their first World Cup triumph in July , with France 's Bruno Bini and Sweden coach Pia Sundhage also shortlisted . The FIFA Puskas Award , named after legendary Hungary striker Ferenc Puskas , is awarded to the player who has scored the "  most beautiful goal of the year " , with Messi once again in the running . Messi 's chip and volley against Arsenal is shortlisted , with Manchester United 's Wayne Rooney also nominated for his spectacular overhead kick against arch rivals Manchester City . Brazil 's Neymar is the final nominee for the Puskas Award , with his brilliant solo dribble for Santos against Flamengo completing the three-goal list .	Barcelona 's Lionel Messi heads three-man FIFA Ballon d'Or shortlist Messi joined by teammate Xavi and Cristiano Ronaldo of Real Madrid Marta is nominated for women 's award , alongside Homare Sawa and Abby Wambach Brazilian Marta has won the award for the last five years in a row
CNN  -- Eighteen people are stranded in the town of Mogollon , New Mexico , after the only road in and out of town was washed away , according to a spokesman for Gov. Susana Martinez . New Mexico declared a statewide disaster Friday because of flooding . The torrential downpours and severe flooding that hit the state left one person dead . Mogollon is a secluded mountain town surrounded by the Gila National Forest . It once was a mining hub for silver , copper and gold and was home to about 2,000 people before the mines closed in 1942 , according to Mogollon Enterprises , which operates tourist storefronts in the city . Billing itself as "  the ghost town that refuses to die , " Mogollon hosts an antiques store , artisans gallery , cafe , museum and theater , most of them re-fashioned out of the town 's original 19th-century structures . The Mogollon Theater is considered the oldest "  intact " movie house in the state , Mogollon Enterprises says . Roughly an equal distance from Albuquerque , New Mexico , El Paso , Texas , and Tucson , Arizona , Mogollon is now largely a tourist attraction boasting hiking , hummingbirds and stargazing . The National Guard will be providing food , water and sanitary supplies Tuesday , and a bulldozer will scrape the road to provide access to the village , said Enrique Knell , the governor 's spokesman . The plan now is for the National Guard to bring supplies to the village on foot instead of flying them in . "  It is only about a mile walk , and they had trouble finding a good landing zone , " Knell said . The Federal Emergency Management Agency is expected to assist . No air evacuations are expected . Colorado flooding : Residents return , but some find no home CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	18 stranded when town 's only road is washed away Mogollon billed as "  the ghost town that refuses to die " New Mexico declared a statewide disaster last week
CNN  -- A Texas grand jury declined to issue charges Thursday in a November 2012 deadly collision between a freight train and a parade float that killed four veterans and injured more than a dozen people , Assistant District Attorney Eric Kalenak of Midland County said . The accident happened on November 15 during the "  Hunt for Heroes " parade to honor members of the U.S. military . The last flatbed truck in the parade was crossing the tracks when an eastbound Union Pacific train slammed into it , Midland police said . An attorney representing Smith Industries , the owner of the truck that served as the float , identified the driver as Dale Andrew Hayden . Civil litigation , however , is pending as the family of at least one deceased victim and several surviving victims , including one left paralyzed , are suing the railroad and Smith Industries , according to the website of the law firm Glasheen , Valles & Inderman in Lubbock , Texas . A second suit on behalf of families of two deceased veterans was filed in Dallas against the railroad , the law firm said . "  Of the twelve families who were on the float stuck by the train , nine have filed suit , " the law firm said in a January announcement . Last year , the National Transportation Safety Board said the grade crossing warning system , which consists of a bell , lights and a gate , operated as designed , giving a 20-second warning of the train 's arrival . But the truck entered the crossing and the gate lowered , tipping over flag stands on the float . The board re-created the accident as part of an investigation . An NTSB board member said the south traffic light at the grade crossing turned green 21 seconds before the train 's arrival at the crossing , as designed , to allow traffic time to clear the crossing . At 20 seconds before the collision , the bells and lights on the mast activated , in keeping with the minimum time under federal law . Those killed were identified as Marine Corps Chief Warrant Officer 3 Gary Stouffer , 37 ; Army Sgt. Maj. Lawrence Boivin , 47 ; Army Sgt. Joshua Michael , 34 ; and Army Sgt. Maj. William Lubbers , 43 . CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	Grand jury decides not to charge anyone , prosecutor says But families on a parade float are suing railroad and owner of truck pulling float , a law firm says Four veterans were killed and more than a dozen people were injured when train hit float Accident happened during "  Hunt for Heroes " parade to honor U.S. servicemen
CNN  -- The arrest of 19 protesters at a rancorous school board meeting Tuesday brings the issue of busing and diversity in education into the national spotlight . The North Carolina State Conference of the NAACP and local African Methodist Episcopal Zion Churches held a mass mobilization march Tuesday in Raleigh , North Carolina , to protest the recent decision by the Wake County Board of Education to end a 10-year-old socioeconomic diversity plan for public schools . The school board voted 5-4 on March 23 to end "  forced busing , " a method initiated in the 1970s to promote diversity in public schools . Nearly 1000 people , including members of local church , community and advocacy groups , gathered at the Raleigh Convention Center and marched to the state capitol , according to local police and other officials . The Rev. William Barber II , president of the North Carolina state conference of the NAACP , said the groups rallied to raise awareness about the importance of diversity in public schools . "  It 's time that the Wake County school board officials wake up and realize how a model for resegregation will damage not only our state , but the basic principles of our nation , " Barber said . "  It 's time to say no to resegregation and say yes to diversity and school excellence . " 19 arrested at school board meeting The Wake County Public School System , which includes Raleigh , is the 18th largest school district in the nation . In the 1950s , the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that separate and unequal school systems were unconstitutional . North Carolina schools have been a national model for education since the Swann vs. Charlotte-Mecklenburg School Board case in 1971 . The Charlotte-Mecklenburg school district became the first district ordered by the U.S. Supreme Court to implement busing as a way to desegregate classrooms . In 1999 , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruled the Charlotte-Mecklenburg district had achieved a healthy level of racial integration , and race-based busing was no longer required . "  The federal courts eliminated their oversight of the Charlotte busing system because the schools had achieved " an equal balance in terms of race , said Mark Dorosin , senior managing attorney for the University of North Carolina 's Center for Civil Rights . "  Since that time , the state has gone backwards and now several counties are as segregated as they were before -LSB- busing -RSB- . " As other counties ended busing and returned to neighborhood schools , the Wake County Public School System transformed the legislation in 1999 , moving away from the traditional race-based integration policy and replacing it with a socioeconomic diversity program . This plan attempted to balance the proportion of wealthy and poor students at county schools by moving students around , with a busing system based on the percentage of children that received subsidized lunches . To foster this diversity , some students traveled an hour from their homes to school , and some suburban students were bused to inner-city schools . Parents frustrated by long drives and bus routes elected a school board that opposed the 1999 policy and imposed a new plan for neighborhood-based schools . The new plan requires students to go to schools in their communities , often leaving black students in underachieving schools and white students in higher quality schools , Dorosin said . Now some fear that the county that was once a desegregation model for the nation will bring back segregation that will spread throughout the state . "  This is not just a local issue , but a national one , " said Benita Jones , UNC education fellow and attorney . "  Other school districts are on the edge of their seats , waiting to see what Wake County plans , before they make decisions on whether socioeconomic diversity should be reconsidered . " The rally on Tuesday was a call for attention to an issue that could spread like cancer , Barber said . "  We want a real community -- one community , where every child is cared for , " he said . "  We know what resegregation looks like . And the last place we want it is in the South again . " Some concerned citizens of Wake County fully support the plan for community-based schools . Donna Williams , president of the Northern Wake Republican Club , which helped elect the majority members on the school board , believes that the outrage over community schools is unfounded . "  This has absolutely nothing to do with race , nothing to do with resegregation . It has to do with fixing what is not working , " Williams said . She says minority students are graduating at a rate much lower than average in the current busing system . Only 51 percent of Hispanics and 63 percent of African-Americans graduated from schools in Wake County , compared to an overall graduation rate of 78 percent , according to the Wake County Public School System . "  When people get emotional , they get scared and afraid and believe whatever people are filling in their heads . What we need to do is come together to figure out what is best for our kids , " Williams said . According to Wake County school board officials , the decision to stop busing is based purely on population dynamics and educational improvement -- not race . "  The extensive growth over the past two decades " has resulted in the need for "  numerous adjustments " and created "  challenges to meet demand and efficiency , " the board said in a statement . Community-based assignments , they said , would not only ensure equity in each school zone , but would also provide "  all students at all schools with an equal opportunity to a sound , basic education , " a fundamental right under North Carolina state law . Barber said the school board 's decision is not constitutional and is a practice that will lead to educational failure . "  Neighborhood-schools -LSB- policy -RSB- not only separates bodies , it separates the budget , the buildings , the teachers -- basically , all the building blocks of education , " he said . "  What you end up with is a district that 's high in poverty , high in turnover , and high in underachievement . " Wake County school board officials will develop school assignments based on community zones within the next 9 to 15 months .	Activists arrested protesting new education policy in North Carolina Wake County School Board recently voted to end busing Busing had been used to promote diversity in North Carolina schools The newly elected school board is in favor of community-based schools
Washington  CNN  -- A retired U.S. general said Thursday that the Dutch policy of allowing openly gay soldiers to serve in its military led , in part , to its failure to halt the massacre of Muslims in the Bosnian town of Srebrenica in 1995 . After the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 , "  nations like Belgium , Luxembourg , the Dutch , et cetera , firmly believed there was no longer a need for an active combat capability in the militaries , " John Sheehan , former supreme allied commander - Atlantic , told a Senate hearing on the do n't ask , do n't tell policy under which gays are not allowed to serve in the U.S. military openly . "  As a result , they declared a peace dividend and made a conscious effort to socialize their military , " he said . "  That includes the unionization of their militaries . It includes open homosexuality demonstrated in a series of other activities , with a focus on peacekeeping operations , because they did not believe the Germans were going to attack again or the Soviets were coming back . "  That led to a force that was ill-equipped to go to war . The case in point that I 'm referring to is when the Dutch were required to defend Srebrenica against the Serbs . The battalion was under-strength , poorly led , and the Serbs came into town , handcuffed the soldiers to the telephone poles , marched the Muslims off and executed them , " Sheehan said . "  That was the largest massacre in Europe since World War II . " Asked whether Dutch leaders had told him that the Dutch military 's performance was linked to its gay soldiers , he said , "  Yes . ... They included that as part of the problem . " He was referring to the incident that began July 11 , 1995 , when Serb forces overran the United Nations "  safe zone " of Srebrenica and systematically executed men and boys while expelling the rest of the Muslim population . In all , 8,000 Bosnian Muslims were killed . Asked which Dutch officers had told him that the debacle at Srebrenica was in part due to the fact that gay soldiers serve in the Dutch army , Sheehan cited a "  Hankman Berman , " whom he described as "  the chief of staff of the army who was fired by the parliament because they could n't find anybody else to blame . " A spokeswoman for the Dutch Embassy in Washington said Dutch officials did not know to whom Sheehan was referring . A former general , Henk van den Breemen , is identified in news reports as having served as Dutch chief of defense staff from 1994-1998 . CNN was not able to reach him . In a statement issued after the hearing , Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , chairman of the Armed Services Committee , said , "  Srebrenica was an unconscionable massacre , but it 's way off the mark to attribute it in any way to the fact that gays can serve openly in the Dutch military , which failed to protect Srebrenica 's citizens . "  I know of no historian or commentator who has attributed this massive failure to protect the citizens of Srebrenica to Dutch policy on gays serving openly in their military . The U.S. military serves side by side with the Dutch in Afghanistan without any difficulty whatsoever . " In a written statement , the Dutch ambassador to the U.S. , Renee Jones-Bos , said of Sheehan 's comments , "  I could n't disagree more . "  I take pride in the fact that lesbians and gays have served openly and with distinction in the Dutch military forces for decades , including in leading operational positions , such as in Afghanistan at the moment , " she said . "  The military mission of Dutch U.N. soldiers at Srebrenica has been exhaustively studied and evaluated , nationally and internationally . There is nothing in these reports that suggests any relationship between gays serving in the military and the mass murder of Bosnian Muslims . " Sheehan , who retired from the military in 1997 , told the Senate Committee on Armed Services that he opposed a proposal to let gays serve openly in the U.S. military . The American Psychological Association submitted testimony to the committee that said "  scientific research has demonstrated that ending the ban on openly gay people serving in the military is unlikely to reduce military readiness or unit cohesion . " It said the gay ban was suspended during the Gulf War with no apparent detrimental impact on military readiness . CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	Dutch force "  ill-equipped to go to war " in early '90s , retired U.S. general says He tells Senate panel that led in part to failure to stop Srebrenica killings Dutch leaders linked poor performance to gays in military , he says Senate committee chairman says remarks "  way off the mark "
President Barack Obama is sending up to 1,500 more soldiers to Iraq to train Iraqi and Kurdish forces to fight ISIS , in a deployment that would almost double the total number of American troops there to 2,900 . The White House said in a statement that it will also ask Congress for another $ 5.6 billion to fund the fight against ISIS . The troops will not have a combat role , and will operate from bases outside Baghdad and Erbil . To date , Anbar province and Taji district have been considered as two likely locations for operations centers outside of Baghdad and Erbil . CNN reported last week that the military was preparing plans to deploy U.S. advisers to Anbar , much of which is under the control of ISIS . "  The President took these decisions at the request of the Iraqi Government and upon the recommendation of Secretary Hagel and his military commanders based upon the assessed needs of the Iraqi Security Forces , " the statement said . "  We believe this request is an opportunity for Congress and this Administration to work together to provide the additional resources needed to degrade and ultimately defeat ISIL and I look forward to working with Congress to secure this funding , " said Shaun Donovan , Obama 's budget director . The budget request marks an early test for cooperation between Obama and congressional leaders following the Republican rout in this week 's midterm elections that reshaped Washington 's balance of power . It includes $ 1.6 billion to establish a fund to develop and support Iraqi and Kurdish security forces as they gear up to mount a counter offensive against ISIS , which has carved out a so-called caliphate in vast swathes of Iraq and Syria . The requests are based on an assessment of Iraqi security forces made by US Central Command , said Pentagon spokesman , Rear Admiral John Kirby . CENTCOM will set up training centers for nine Iraqi army and three Kurdish Peshmerga brigades , Kirby said . He said that Obama took the decision to go ahead and almost double the number of trainers and advisers following a request from the Iraqi government of Prime Minister Haidar al-Abadi . He said that the mission was possible because Iraqi forces , which were built with billions of dollars in US funding , and partially folded in the face of the ISIS advance , had "  stiffened " their spines . "  We are going in at the request of the Iraqi government . We are wanted there , " said Kirby "  There is a very acute threat that is facing the Iraqi people and the Iraqi government . " The White House has insisted that the US operation against ISIS will not include "  boots on the ground . " But the new announcement by an administration that made ending foreign wars a core of its foreign policy is likely to fuel new concerns of "  mission creep " among the president 's critics . But Steny Hoyer , Democratic House minority whip , told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " that he would back the funding . "  I do n't think this is mission creep , " he said . A Republican congressional source complained that the administration had not formally briefed senior lawmakers on Capitol Hill over the new funding and troop request . Howard ` Buck ' McKeon , chairman of the House Armed Services committee , said that he would consider the request , but warned that the president 's strategy to combat ISIS was insufficient . "  I would urge the President to reconsider his strategy and clearly explain how this additional funding supports a new direction . Such clarity is more likely to find swift congressional approval , " he said in a statement . The top U.S. military commander in the fight against ISIS insisted on Thursday that airstrikes are working to erode the radical Islamic group 's capabilities . PHOTOS : The ISIS terror threat "  I 'm confident we 're having the desired effects , " said Army Gen. Lloyd Austin . He said that ISIS fighters were afraid to congregate in any sizable formation in Syria and Iraq amid fears they could be target by US and allied aircraft . A senior US defense official meanwhile told CNN this week that the administration had not ruled out expanding the war in Syria to another radical group , the Al-Qaeda affilitated al-Nusra . Such a move would be intended to repel its advances against moderate Syria rebels on which Washington has anchored its strategy of battling ISIS .	Obama will send up to 1,500 troops to Iraq The troops will be in non-combat roles and operate from bases outside Baghdad and Erbil The troops will help train Iraqi and Kurdish forces to fight ISIS
CNN  -- The international draw of its star players , the huge sums paid for rights to broadcast live action and the loyal nature of its consumers have long made the English Premier League an attractive home for investors . In recent years this has included a number of American billionaires who , having made their money with sport franchises in the United States , saw ownership of teams including Manchester United  Malcolm Glazer  , Liverpool  Hicks and Gillett  and Aston Villa  Randy Lerner  as the best way to expand a global portfolio . Stan Kroenke -- owner of the Denver Nuggets basketball team , the National Hockey League 's Colorado Avalanche and Major League Soccer 's Colorado Rapids -- could be the next to join this elite group after a major shareholder at London-based Arsenal confirmed that she is looking to sell her stake . Kroenke already owns 29 percent of the Champions League quarterfinalists , and needs only one more percent to trigger a complete takeover . Blog : Should Stan Kroenke buy Arsenal ? But with the economic downturn compounding both Liverpool and Manchester United 's struggles with debt and growing fan unrest -- coupled with Kroenke 's recent confirmation of a takeover bid for the St Louis Rams -- would it be wise for the American to aim his sights on owning Arsenal now ? CNN 's business correspondent Jim Boulden helps break down Kroenke 's decision . Why invest in the English Premier League ? The recent sale of their overseas television rights amounted to over $ 1.5 billion , while the domestic rights went for much more . This means the Premier League clubs can sign expensive players on big wages , according to Boulden . "  A lot of the league 's strength is to do with Sky and its multi-billion dollar deal to show the games around the world , " he said . "  Sky gives an enormous amount of money to Premier League clubs . " Could Kroenke expect much profit from Arsenal ? Boulden says the main way to maximize profit is to keep a club healthy , and deliver success on the pitch before selling it on down the line for a profit . He said : "  I look upon Stan Kroenke like these other guys in America : the Glazers own a NFL team , the guys who own Liverpool own hockey clubs in America . They only make money if they hold onto them for a really long time and sell them . " Is Arsenal a financially healthy club ? Yes , according to Boulden . He says the club had to take out a big loan to build its new stadium -- the Emirates , which opened in 2006 -- but that is being chipped away . He explained : "  There is a small section of seats at Arsenal 's new ground that generates as much money on a match day as the entire former ground did . All other seats are gravy , so the amount of money they make per game is phenomenal . " The site of the former ground has been turned into flats , which has also generated a considerable amount of money , Boulden said . Boulden believes Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger 's model of investing time and money into youth players is also a shrewd move . "  Arsene Wenger 's theory is to buy someone when they are young and other clubs have n't even noticed them . By the time they come good , and most of them do , he would have to pay $ 20 million to get these guys . " He says these players can also be sold on for huge profit , like in the case of France striker Nicolas Anelka , who came through the Arsenal youth system before being sold to Real Madrid for $ 35 million . Would Kroenke put the club in debt to buy it , as did the owners of Manchester United and Liverpool ? The Glazer family bought Manchester United by putting the debt onto the club , and their most recent accounts show they are over $ 1 billion in debt . Boulden says any similar move at Arsenal may not do the club any good . "  Arsenal already has a debt from the building of the new stadium , so it would be hard to see how Kroenke would get a bank to agree to give them more debt , " he said . Does Kroenke 's extra investment in the St Louis Rams limit his spending power ? Boulden says Kroenke 's purchase of the Rams makes it very unlikely he would also fight to acquire Arsenal at the same time : "  The fact that he has just ingested the Rams -- one of the worst teams in the NFL -- means he is going to have to spend his time and effort trying to rebuild that club . It 's hard to see that he would do that and try to take over Arsenal -- that would be a lot for one person to take on . "	U.S. businessman Stan Kroenke is largest shareholder at English soccer club Arsenal Kroenke has just signaled his intention to buy NFL side the St Louis Rams CNN 's Jim Boulden says Kroenke 's Rams move means he may not buy Arsenal
Tripoli , L  CNN  -- Almost a month after he was kidnapped , Jordan 's Ambassador to Libya was freed by his captors on Tuesday in an apparent exchange for a Libyan militant jailed in Jordan . Fawaz al-Aytan was met at an airport in Amman by a delegation of senior Jordanian officials and emotional family members . He was kidnapped in the Libyan capital on April 15 , when armed men ambushed his vehicle and shot and wounded his Moroccan driver . Al-Aytan appeared to be in good health and spirits as he spoke to reporters outside the airport in the Jordanian capital . He said he had been treated in a "  humane " and "  civilized " way by his captors . The ambassador said his kidnapping was an "  isolated incident " specifically for the release of Mohammed al-Drissi , the Libyan Islamist militant who was serving a life sentence in Jordan since 2007 . "  The exchange happened in a smooth and civilized way , it ended in a dignified manner " the ambassador told reporters . While al-Aytan did not provide many details about his 28 days in captivity , he said members of al-Drissi 's family were involved in his abduction . In an interview with CNN Arabic in his hometown in Northern Jordan , al-Aytan said he met al-Drissi on Tuesday morning . "  I met him maybe for a minute this morning in Tripoli after he arrived on a private plane . I greeted him ... as was agreed between all parties " al-Aytan said . "  We did embrace and I wished all the best whether he was wrong or right . " Libyan officials confirmed that al-Drissi was returned to Libya , but refused to comment on whom he was handed over to and whether he was in prison or free . The Jordanian government insisted that the release was not a swap . "  There was no exchange or swap or deal . ... We dealt directly with the Libyan government " Jordan 's Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh said in a press conference in Amman . Judeh said an agreement to transfer al-Drissi to serve the rest of his sentence in Libya had been in the works for months and the kidnapping only "  expedited " the transfer . The Libyan government on Thursday announced that the ministries of Justice of both countries signed a "  memorandum of understanding " to allow the transfer of prisoners serving "  sentences depriving of liberties " . Analysts and terrorism experts have voiced their concerns over the apparent swap of al-Aytan for al-Drissi , who was was sentenced to life in prison in Jordan in 2007 for a bombing plot targeting the country 's main airport . "  This is clearly a swap deal -- the authorities in Jordan and Libya can claim otherwise , " said Mohamed Eljarh , a Libya analyst and a contributor to Foreign Policy magazine 's "  Transitions " blog . It was "  a swap deal between the Jordanian authorities and al-Drissi 's comdrades and the best the Libyan authorities could do was to facilitate this deal and set this extremely dangerous precedent , " Eljarh said . Eljarh and other Libyan sources said al-Drissi 's family is known amongst the ranks of extremist and Jihadist groups like Ansar al-Sharia in Derna and Benghazi . "  His return to Libya should raise the alarm bells for the Libyan authorities and Libya 's friends in the West " Eljarh told CNN . Fred Burton , vice president of intelligence for the Texas-based global intelligence firm Stratfor , echoed Eljarh 's concerns . "  We learned a long time ago that negotiating with terrorists leads to more threats , attacks and kidnappings " Burton , who is also a former U.S. counterterrorism agent told CNN via e-mail Tuesday . "  Unfortunately the exchange will elevate the kidnapping and threat profile for other diplomats in Libya , " Burton said . There are also concerns this could set a dangerous precedent for Jordan , a key U.S. ally that has Jihadists and other al Qaeda linked militants in its jails . Diplomats and officials have been frequently targeted by militias and extremist groups that have grown in size and influence in Libya since the 2011 revolution . The worst such attack on September 11 , 2012 , was on the American consulate in Benghazi in which U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans were killed . After a string of attacks before and after the assault on the consulate , most countries closed their diplomatic missions in Benghazi where the almost daily violence in the city is blamed on Islamist extremist groups . There have also been attacks on embassies and kidnappings of diplomats in the capital Tripoli , where even a prime minister was kidnapped for several hours in October . So far this year , Egyptian diplomats , a South Korean official and a Tunisian Embassy employee were kidnapped in the Libyan capital . The two Tunisians , a diplomat and a member of staff remain abducted . In a video released last month by a Jihadist group , a man said to be one of the two Tunisians , was seen crying and begging the Tunisian government to negotiate with his captors . The group is demanding the release of Tunisian Islamist militants imprisoned by Tunis . There are increasing worries about the rising threat posed by extremist groups operating in Libya . A recently released annual report by the U.S. State Department on global terrorism trends singled out Libya as an area of concern and instability . "  Libya 's porous borders , the weakness of Libya 's nascent security institutions , and large amounts of loose small arms create opportunities for violent extremists , " the report said . CNN 's Ed Payne and Saeed Ahmed in Atlanta and Caroline Faraj in Dubai contributed to this report .	News agency : Ambassador Fawaz al-Aytan was freed by his captors Al-Aytan was abducted by masked gunmen last month Officials have frequently been targeted and intimidated by militia groups
CNN  -- Queen Beatrix spent 33 years on the throne and will be succeeded by her son , the Prince of Orange , Prince Willem-Alexander . She ascended to the throne when Queen Juliana abdicated on her 71st birthday , on April 30 , 1980 . Beatrix announced Monday that she will step aside on April 30 . Beatrix was born January 31 , 1938 , and when World War II reached Holland the family fled to London . Juliana , Beatrix and her sister Irene then moved to Ottawa , Canada . Beatrix married German diplomat Claus von Amsberg on March 10 , 1966 , in Amsterdam . They have three sons , Willem-Alexander , born in 1967 , Friso , born in 1968 , and Constantijn , born in 1969 . Friso was injured in an avalanche at an Austrian ski resort last year . She has eight grandchildren . Her husband died in 2002 aged 76 . He overcame early Dutch wariness -- in a country where the German occupation in WWII was still fresh in the national memory -- to become one of the most popular members of the Dutch royal family . Under the Dutch Constitution the king or queen is head of state but politically neutral . Beatrix , held weekly meetings with the prime minister and spoke regularly with high-ranking ministers and secretaries of state . The head of state also signs all new acts of Parliament , and plays a role in the formation of new governments . Prince Willem-Alexander , 45 , was educated in Wales and Holland where he earned a history degree at Leiden University . He served in the Dutch Royal Navy from August 1985 to January 1987 . As Prince of Orange -- the title given to the person first in line to the Dutch throne -- he has been interested in sustainability and innovation . He has also been a member of the Dutch central bank supervisory board and regularly has represented the queen at international events . Willem-Alexander has been a member of the International Olympic Committee since 1998 . He is married to Princess MÃ ¡ xima , who was born in Buenos Aires , Argentina . She has a degree in economics and has worked for HSBC and Deutsche Bank . The couple , who met at a party , were engaged in March 2001 and they were married in February 2002 . The relationship -- like his mother 's marriage -- sparked initial controversy when it emerged that Maxima 's father had been a minister during the 1976-1983 Argentinean military dictatorship . He agreed to stay away from the wedding . They have three daughters , Princess Catharina-Amalia , Princess Alexia and Princess Ariane . When Willem-Alexander becomes king , 9-year-old Catharina-Amalia will be next in line . Tell us what you think of this story .	Queen Beatrix will end 33 years on the Dutch throne on April 30 She will be succeeded by Prince Willem-Alexander . He has earned a history degree and served in the Dutch Royal Navy His daughter Catharina-Amalia will be first in line when he becomes king
CNN  -- A foul-smelling cloud wound its way through Argentina 's capital Thursday , but it was not toxic as initially feared , officials said . Civil defense authorities in Buenos Aires advised residents to remain indoors with windows and doors shut as a cloud emanated from a container fire at the city 's port . The smelly cloud and reports that the burning container had chemicals inside caused alarm throughout the capital . But it was quickly determined that the fumes were not dangerous . The container held sodium bicarbonate and posed little risk to the population , the country 's security secretary , Sergio Berni , said . "  We implemented the emergency plan ; the situation is under control , " he said . Nonetheless , the cloud was enough to disrupt the subway system in Argentina 's largest city .	A container fire releases fumes originally feared to be toxic Officials say the fumes posed little risk to the population The incident causes some disruptions in Buenos Aires
CNN  -- A 2-year-old boy and his mother have been found dead inside a Massachusetts trash bin , leaving authorities Monday to track down whomever killed the two and put them there . Police discovered Maria Avelina Palaguachi-Cela , 25 , and her toddler son Brian Palaguachi dead in the large metal bin Sunday night in the city of Brockton , about 25 miles south of Boston . Plymouth County District Attorney Tim Cruz did not identify any suspects in the pair 's killings Monday , though he did say their deaths are not a "  random act . " "  We do not believe  there  is a general threat to public safety and the community , " Cruz told reporters . "  However , this investigation is focusing on an individual who has murdered a mother and her young child . " The investigation began Sunday around 9:30 p.m. when Brockton police got an anonymous call about a body inside a bin behind the building where Palaguachi-Cela lived . The woman 's body was found first , and the boy 's body was found sometime later . Authorities told the public the boy was dead only after getting confirmation from the state medical examiner 's office Monday , according to the district attorney . He said it was his understanding that both bodies "  are fully intact . " "  We wanted to make sure that we had all the information that was necessary prior to making sure that we had another body , " Cruz said , explaining the delay in announcing that the toddler , too , was found dead . Brian was Palaguachi-Cela 's only child living in the United States , according to the district attorney , who added that "  she does have another child in another country . " He did not say where that other child was , where Palaguachi-Cela was from originally , or if immigration authorities are involved in the investigation . The mother was last seen Thursday at her home , Cruz said . Others lived at her residence , though authorities have not revealed who else lived there , and the initial investigation is focusing on relatives and friends of the victims . A neighbor of the victims , Denise Agnello , told CNN affiliate WHDH that the killings -- and the fact the bodies had been disposed of in a Dumpster -- were shocking . "  I was horrified because I 've lived here for 11 years , and nothing like this has ever happened , " Agnello said . "  That 's horrendous . " Their bodies Monday were sent to the state medical examiner in Boston , who will determine the cause and manner of their deaths . The trash bin has also been moved from the scene so it can be more thoroughly examined . While no one is yet in custody , the district attorney described the investigation as "  very active . " The gruesome nature of the discovery , he said , added a special urgency and sense of determination . "  Who would do that to a 2-year-old child ? " Cruz said .	NEW : A neighbor of the victims says she is "  horrified " by the killings The bodies of a young boy and his mother were found in the city of Brockton The district attorney asks , "  Who would do that to a 2-year-old child ? " No one is in custody , no one has been named as a suspect in the pair 's deaths
CNN  -- Beth Bartley clutched anything within reach to steady herself on the bathroom floor of her shuddering Manhattan apartment . Sandy had knocked out power . East 96th Street below was a river . She was on the fifth floor , bracing herself as the building shuddered and creaked . "  The winds were so strong that the building heaved . It was eerie , " said Bartley , an actress . "  It was really scary . " Monday night , Superstorm Sandy descended on the Northeast with a fury that astonished even veteran weather watchers . Buildings crumbled , floods and fires have destroyed homes and millions are without power . Ice and rain whipped off Sandy 's edge , blanketing West Virginia with several feet of snow . Bartley was safe after riding out the storm but that was more than could be said for her neighbors miles west of upper Manhattan in Bergen County , New Jersey . Hundreds of people were rescued after they were stranded on the roofs of their homes floating in a tidal surge . A natural berm had broken . In New Jersey alone , millions of households had no electricity , twice the number left in the dark during Hurricane Irene last year , Gov. Chris Christie said . Sandy brings death , flooding , outages Flooding was a huge problem everywhere . New York City 's subway tunnels were soaked as water coursed into elevator shafts . The storm sparked fires that destroyed dozens of homes , left a giant crane wobbling dangerously near a luxury apartment building in Manhattan , ripped up part of Atlantic City 's fabled boardwalk and turned the historic Jane 's Carousel into an island . It claimed life after life . Millions left in the dark "  This is a nor'easter on steroids , " said Reed Timmer , a meteorologist who appears on the TV show "  Storm Chasers . " Even though New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie bluntly asked residents not to be "  stupid " and get out , Trevor Mann was one of the few in his area of Ocean City who did not heed the evacuation calls . He watched as the eye of storm passed over his coastal city Monday evening , and floodwater rushed in like a relentless linebacker . The wind threw patio furniture into homes . Rushing waters made beach houses disappear . The destruction was breathtaking . "  I am not going outside , " Mann said . "  But when people do go outside , the cleanup is going to be tremendous and there is going to be a lot of damage . " In the dead quiet of the night , lights out in his home in Union City , New Jersey , Shane Didier heard a thunderous crash . A huge generator on the street had exploded , sending a fireball into the sky worthy of a Bruce Willis movie . The 25-year-old Barclays analyst had the wherewithal to start filming . "  I ran outside and live wires were whipping like crazy , " he told CNN . "  Two cars caught fire . The police , they got there right away , but everybody was really scared . Thank goodness trees were down in the street so even if someone felt compelled to walk toward this thing , the trees were in everyone 's way . " The smoke was overwhelming . Didier did n't know what else to do but go back inside . Please let this end , he thought . By dawn Tuesday , he said the stench of burned rubber filled his neighborhood . "  It 's amazing we 're all alright , " he said . "  My neighbor is thrilled that his kids are OK . We made it through . " Sandy 's impact : State by state Shahir Daud was watching the lights go out in his Upper East Side New York neighborhood Monday evening , hoping that his place would not be next . He saw manhole covers blown out of the street and wondered if there was a fire nearby . He watched as dark waters from the East River submerged parts of Franklin D. Roosevelt East River Drive . By late Monday evening , it seemed the worst of the storm had passed his neighborhood . The 33-year-old filmmaker wondered when he would be able to get back to his job at MTV . "  I work in lower Manhattan , I do n't know when the  trains  are going to run again , " Daud said . "  We are just going to hunker down here . We are lucky . " Earl Bateman , a stockbroker who has lived in New York for 30 years , was stunned seeing so much water coursing through New York City . Transit systems struggling to restart "  There 's this river flowing through the middle of Manhattan , " he said . The power was still on in his building , but the elevators had stopped working . Not a good thing for a man who lives on the 18th floor . Unlike Bateman , more than 7 million people in 13 states spent a chilly Monday night in the dark . In southern Vermont , Caleb Clark said he felt the howling winds , and watched as rain battered his town . It was his son Shaw 's 6-month birthday , and the family spent it listening to weather reports about downed trees and closed roads . "  Shaw , what do you think about this storm ? " the father asked . "  Ba ba baaa , " the baby said and then burst into a wide , toothless smile . Little Shaw may have been one of the few smiling as Sandy continued to affect millions . How to help	NYC subway floods , millions without power Hurricane Sandy wreaks havoc and causes fear along the East Coast "  This is a nor'easter on steroids , " one meteorologist says The destruction is breathtaking , residents say
Obesity shaves two to four years off the average lifespan , while being very obese can shorten your lifespan by 8 to 10 years , according to a new analysis of 57 studies including nearly 900,000 people . Men and women with BMIs between 22.5 and 25 were the least likely to die during the study 's follow-up period . "  This is scary and something that we should pay close attention to , " says Ali Mokdad , Ph.D. , a professor of global health at the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation at the University of Washington in Seattle . The new findings actually underestimate the true impact of obesity on society because they do n't address the costs of obesity-related illness and other factors , says Mokdad , who was not involved with the current study . The study , published online March 18 in the journal The Lancet , was conducted in part by the eminent epidemiologist Sir Richard Peto of the University of Oxford . Peto and his colleagues in the Prospective Studies Collaboration , a team of dozens of researchers from around the world , say they did the new study to figure out exactly how body mass index  BMI  relates to mortality . Researchers also investigated how smoking influenced this relationship and how excess weight affected death risk from specific causes . Their analysis included 894,576 people , mostly from North America and Western Europe . Most were age 46 when the study started and were recruited in 1979 ; the average BMI for all participants was 25 . The researchers eliminated deaths during the first five years of their analysis to avoid including people who were excessively thin because of illness . A BMI of 18.5 to 24.9 is normal  that translates to weighing between 114 and 149 pounds if you 're 5 feet 5 inches tall  ; overweight is 25 to 29.9  150 to 179 pounds if you 're 5 feet 5 inches tall  ; and obese is 30 or more  180 pounds-plus on a 5-foot-5-inch frame .  You can figure out your BMI at the National Institutes of Health Web site . Men and women in the new analysis who had BMIs between 22.5 and 25 were the least likely to die during the follow-up period , which averaged eight years . But every additional 5 BMI points boosted mortality risk by 30 percent . The increase was strongest for deaths due to cardiovascular disease , diabetes , kidney , and liver disease ; cancer deaths also went up with increasing BMI , but not as much as other diseases . Health.com : How to find your healthiest body mass index People with BMIs below 22.5 had a higher mortality risk during the study than those who weighed slightly more , largely because of respiratory illnesses , such as lung cancer . The researchers say this is probably the result of skinny people who were smokers . The researchers calculate that having a BMI of 30 to 35 takes to two to four years off the average lifespan compared with having a BMI of 22.5 to 25 . Having a BMI between 40 and 45  for example , being 5 feet 5 ' and weighing 240 to 270 pounds  , they say , reduces one 's lifespan by eight to 10 years . This reduction in lifespan is on par with being a heavy smoker . Health.com : Dietary fats can help -- or harm -- your heart This is n't too far out of line with research conducted by Katherine M. Flegal , Ph.D. , a senior research scientist and distinguished consultant with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's National Center for Health Statistics . In a 2005 study , Flegal and her team reported that while being obese  having a BMI of 30 or above  shortened lifespan , those who were overweight  a BMI of 25 to 29.9  were at no greater risk of death , and may actually have had a lower mortality rate in a given time period than their normal-weight peers . Health.com : How to cut up to 900 calories with simple substitutions While the study kicked up a lot of controversy -- some people thought the findings minimized the health effects of excess weight -- several other studies have also found no greater mortality risk associated with being overweight  but not obese  , and possibly lower mortality , Flegal notes . Given the difficulty of losing weight , the authors of the new study say , it may be best if people are motivated to prevent the weight gain in the first place . For example , a person who held their BMI steady at 28 rather than going up to 32  typical of the increase seen in middle age  could extend their life by two years , the researchers say , while a young adult who maintained a BMI of 24 rather than going up to 32 could add three years to his lifespan . Health.com : BMI success story : How one woman lost 44 pounds For this to happen here , Mokdad notes , the United States government is going to have to do a much better job of supporting prevention efforts . A "  bailout " for such efforts that translated to healthier American and workers could be a pretty effective economic stimulus , he added . Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Health - CLICK HERE ! Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Study : Obesity shortens life by 2-4 years ; the very obese could lose up to 10 years Higher mortality because of diabetes , cardiovascular , kidney and liver disease Cancer deaths also went up with increasing BMI , but not as much as other diseases Another study had found that being overweight , but not obese , did n't shorten life
CNN  -- Have you ever wondered what is inside your dental plaque ? Probably not . But this question is now being asked not only by dentists , but also by archaeologists . As a molecular archaeologist , I research the origins and evolution of human disease by conducting genetic research on the skeletal and mummified remains of ancient peoples . By extracting DNA from ancient human bones , we can reconstruct the human genome at different times in the past and look for differences that might be related to adaptations , risk factors , or inherited diseases . The aim is to better understand the evolutionary vulnerabilities of the human body so that we can better manage and improve our health in the future . But this only tells us half of the story . Many of today 's most important health challenges are not caused by simple mutations in the human genome , but result from a complex interplay between genetic variation , diet , microbes and parasites , and our own immune response . Diseases and disorders such as periodontitis , heart disease , allergies , diabetes and irritable bowel syndrome , among others , have a strong evolutionary component directly related to the fact that we live in a very different environment than the one in which our bodies evolved . To better understand these diseases , we need to move past studies of the human genome alone toward a more holistic approach that takes into account human health in the past . But how do we do this , and , most importantly , where can we obtain this information ? Skeletons are ubiquitous and preserve for long periods of time . Of course , all of the soft tissues have decomposed . The skeleton alone gives us limited information . Mummies are another option , but they are very limited in number and geographical distribution . In the case of Egyptian mummies , they have had all their internal organs removed . Coprolites , or fossilized human feces , which can be found in dry caves , can provide detailed information about diet and intestinal disease . But they are generally quite rare . Ted.com : Carl Schoonover : How to look inside the brain To tackle this problem , I put together an international team of researchers in Switzerland , Denmark , and Britain to investigate a largely ignored and little-studied type of fossilized dental plaque that has recently shown promise in microscopy studies . Its technical name is dental calculus , but many people know it by the term , tartar . It is a partially mineralized accretion of bacterial gunk and food debris that build up on teeth over time . At an average dental cleaning you may have about 10-30 mg removed , but in eras before modern dentistry , as much as 600 mg could build up on the teeth over a lifetime . Dental calculus fossilizes just like the rest of the skeleton and can persist for tens of thousands of years . It is abundant in eras before dental hygiene , and it is ubiquitous . It is found in every human population , and it is even found among Neanderthals and animals . Previously , microscopy studies had identified all sorts of things entrapped within ancient dental calculus , including plant microfossils  pollen , starches , phytoliths and fibers  and a diverse array of bacterial cells . Our team is taking this research a step further to ask whether we can also recover DNA and proteins that can tell us more about the health status and diets of ancient humans . Ted.com : Louise Leakey digs for humanity 's origins What we have found so far is that we can identify many bacterial species that inhabited the mouth and nasal passages , immunological proteins associated with inflammation and infection , and biomolecular indicators of foods that were consumed . Interestingly , we have also found bacteria that inhabit the lungs and gastrointestinal tract , thereby granting us virtual access to the previously inaccessible and long decomposed respiratory and digestive systems . Thus , the fossilized plaque can tell us about diet , immunity and pathogens not just in the mouth but throughout the body . Ted.com : Alan Russell on regenerating our bodies By applying advanced DNA sequencing and protein mass spectrometry technologies to ancient dental calculus , we can begin to reconstruct a detailed picture of the dynamic interplay between diet , infection and immunity that occurred thousands of years ago . This allows us to investigate the long-term evolutionary history of human health and disease , right down to the genetic code of individual pathogens , and it can teach us about how pathogens evolve and why they continue to make us sick . Our research is ongoing , and we expect to recover even more health and dietary information as we continue to refine our methodology and investigate a broader range of ancient populations . As final food for thought , I urge you to think twice the next time you brush your teeth . Your mouth is full of valuable information . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Christina Warinner .	Christina Warinner : Dental plaque contains valuable information Studying genome is n't enough ; we need to study evolution of human diseases , she says Warinner : By extracting DNA from fossilized tartar , we learn about health of ancient humans She says understanding our evolutionary vulnerabilities will help us improve our health
Atlanta  CNN  -- Republican presidential hopeful Herman Cain told supporters Saturday that he is suspending his presidential campaign , which has become hobbled in recent weeks by allegations of sexual harassment and an Atlanta woman 's claim that they carried on a 13-year affair . While he will still be able to raise and spend campaign funds because he did not officially drop out , Cain 's White House bid is effectively over . Cain said he came to the decision after assessing the impact that the allegations were having on his wife , his family and his supporters . Cain and his wife , Gloria , held hands as they walked up to the podium where Cain made his remarks in Atlanta . The crowd chanted , "  Gloria ! Gloria ! " before the candidate spoke . Even as he stepped aside under the weight of the allegations that have dogged him , Cain said that he was at "  peace with my God " and "  peace with my wife . " He repeatedly called the allegations "  false and untrue , " and added that "  the  media  spin hurts . " "  I am not going to be silenced and I will not go away , " Cain said , announcing what he called his Plan B : A website , TheCainSolutions.com , through which he will continue to advocate for his platform . His catchy "  9-9-9 " economic plan is not going anywhere , he said . "  Your support has been unwavering and undying , " Cain told his supporters . He will endorse another of the Republican presidential hopefuls soon , he said . Other candidates were quick to react . "  Herman Cain provided an important voice to this process , " Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann said in a statement . "  His ideas and energy generated tremendous enthusiasm for the conservative movement at a time it was so desperately needed to restore confidence in our country . " Fellow Georgian Newt Gingrich said the "  9-9-9 " plan "  got our country talking about the critical issue of how to reform our tax code and he elevated the dialogue of the Republican presidential primary in the process . " Texas Gov. Rick Perry said he knew the Cains made a "  difficult decision . He helped invigorate conservative voters and our nation with a discussion of major tax reform . " Former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman said Cain brought "  a unique and valuable voice to the debate over how to reform our country 's uncompetitive tax code and turn around the economy . I understand his decision and wish him and his family the best . " Recently , Cain acknowledged that Ginger White 's allegations of an affair have led to a drop in campaign contributions , and a Des Moines Register poll showed his support among likely Republican Iowa caucus-goers has fallen to 8 % , down from 23 % in October . The poll has a sampling error of plus or minus 4.9 points , the newspaper said . Respondents said they were most concerned that Cain does not understand important issues , but said the allegations against him contribute to their concern , the newspaper said . This week , White told the news media that she and Cain engaged in an on-and-off affair for more than 13 years . She described the affair as "  very casual . " White issued a statement , through her attorney , after Cain 's announcement Saturday . "  Ginger White respects Mr. Cain 's decision regarding his campaign and indeed would have respected any decision he made , " the statement said . "  That being said , she is disappointed that he has not apologized for the public statements he has made about her and other women who have spoken out . " In a fund-raising letter Tuesday night , Cain referred to White as "  troubled . " Two women -- Sharon Bialek and Karen Kraushaar -- previously accused Cain of sexually harassing them in the 1990s while he was head of the National Restaurant Association . Two other women also have said Cain sexually harassed them while they worked at the association , but they have declined to be identified . Cain told the Union Leader in New Hampshire that he repeatedly gave White money to help her with "  month-to-month bills and expenses . " But he denied the relationship was sexual , as White contends . He said the two were friends . "  I send checks to a lot of people ; I help a lot of people , " Cain told Fox News on Thursday . "  That in itself is not proof . So the other allegation in terms of it being a 13-year physical relationship , that is her words against my word . " In the interview , Cain said his wife , knew nothing about White nor his financial support for her until the mother of two came forward last week . "  My wife now knows , " he told the newspaper . "  My wife and I have talked about it , and I have explained it to her . My wife understands that I 'm a soft-hearted , giving person . " Cain 's announcement came a month before the Iowa caucuses , the first formal test of the primary season , scheduled for January 3 . New Hampshire Republican officials who supported Cain began to survey their options Saturday , with several state representatives saying their support could go to Gingrich or Ron Paul . Cain 's most prominent supporter in the state , former GOP state party chair Jack Kimball , said he would wait to learn who Cain would endorse before making his own decision . Cain told staffers earlier this week he was reassessing his campaign in the wake of White 's allegation of an affair , and he acknowledged to reporters Wednesday that her account had led to a drop in contributions to his campaign . He said in the Thursday Union Leader interview that his wife 's feelings , as well as the reaction from supporters and donors , would be important factors in deciding whether he will stay the race . Cain told the newspaper he would drop out of the race if his wife asked him to , but quickly added that she would n't . Though Gloria Cain rarely makes public appearances or statements , she told Fox News last month that she believed the sexual harassment allegations were "  unfounded . " CNN 's Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	NEW : Woman who alleges an affair with Cain wants an apology Cain will endorse another candidate soon Cain 's Iowa support fell to single digits , the Des Moines Register reports Candidate was dogged by allegations of sexual harassment and an affair
Editor 's note : Bryan Batt , who plays the closeted art director Salvatore Romano in the Emmy award-winning cable TV series "  Mad Men , " has acted in nine Broadway and nine Off-Broadway productions , such as "  Sunset Boulevard , " "  Beauty and the Beast , " "  Jeffrey " and "  Starlight Express . " Batt , who is 45 , has been acting for 23 years . He spoke to CNN.com about being an openly gay actor . "  We have to work toward acceptance on all levels , " says actor Bryan Batt , who is openly gay . CNN  -- There was once a time when the revelation of one 's homosexuality in Hollywood was thought to be a career-killer . Now , out gays and lesbians such as TV host Ellen DeGeneres and pop singer Clay Aiken are featured on the cover of People magazine . There are also more gay characters on prime-time television shows than ever before . But even with greater acceptance by the mainstream public , is coming out still a big deal ? To shed light on the issue , CNN recently spoke to Bryan Batt , 45 , about his experience as an openly gay actor in Hollywood . CNN : Has being openly gay affected your career ? Batt : I came from the stage ; much of my experience has been on the Broadway and Off-Broadway stage . Being gay never really posed a problem . In the Broadway community , it 's always been a little more accepted . There 's something different with film acting and TV acting . You 're in someone 's home -- it 's more intimate . When I look at someone , I really do n't care about whom they 're sleeping with or what they 're doing . I 'm thinking they either have talent or no talent . But people are really obsessed with wanting to know about the ins and outs of people 's private lives . It 's still like high school . Batt plays both straight , gay roles " CNN : When did you come out ? Batt : My real Broadway break was in "  Starlight Express . " At that time , I was toying with -LSB- coming out -RSB- . It 's harder to live a lie than to try to hide your natural instincts and your natural longings just to conform to what other people think you should be . I 've heard of people doing it in Hollywood . It 's a very sad and difficult choice . I think it 's a personal journey , and I think people on their own time will figure it out . Clay Aiken is still really very , very young ; he has to deal with his own issues . Thank God , when it was my time , no one was pushing me ; no one was trying to force me . It was on my own terms intimately with my mother and brother . It went wonderfully . My mother said , "  No matter what , you 're my son . I 'm going to love you . " Not one of my family or friends turned their back on me . I was fortunate , but it was still a very difficult thing to do , and I was fearful . Afterwards , it was like the heaviest weight was taken off my back ; all those years worrying for nothing . But not everyone is as lucky ; some people are shunned and kicked out of their homes and families , which is criminal . Just this year , I was asked to host a fundraiser for The Point Foundation , a wonderful group that provides full college scholarships to gay and lesbian students of merit who have suffered such treatment by their families and can not afford tuition and the necessary funds for higher education -- an inspiring organization . I only told my mother and my brother after I was cast in "  Jeffrey , " a play by Paul Rudnick that was the first AIDS comedy . I said to myself , if I get this , I 've just got to sit down and talk with my family . My partner and I have been together 19 years , and that was the same time he told his parents . A good parent knows ; they love and accept . What most good parents want for their children is for their child to be happy and healthy and be good contributing members of society . CNN : Are there barriers to what openly gay actors can do today ? Batt : It 's just like any prejudice , once you let go of any prejudice they all have to go . They 're not based on facts , just on stereotypes . I really think yes , there might be some homophobia in Hollywood , but it 's based on what will sell . Hollywood is a huge industry , a multibillion-dollar business . If actors who are gay will get ratings and will sell , they will get cast . There are always going to be people who look at people who are different and who disapprove -LSB- of them -RSB- either through fear or through ignorance . We have to work toward acceptance on all levels . How long ago were the civil rights movement and the women 's movement ? And , still today , women do n't make the same amount of money as men do for doing the same job . CNN : What 's your view of the character you play , Salvatore Romano , in "  Mad Men " ? Batt : The character basically is clearly gay to a 2007 audience , but no one in the world of 1960 is suspicious whatsoever . What a great role to play . This season , I 'm married . I get stopped all the time on the street , and I get asked , "  When is your character coming out ? " What is he coming out to in 1962 ? I asked to get married this season . I thanked -LSB- series creator -RSB- Matthew Weiner , and he said , "  You asked . " It provides another wonderful level to the character . That is what happened then and unfortunately still happens today . -LSB- In a recent episode , the "  Gold Violin , " -RSB- the scene with my wife , it was just so poignant and painful , someone said to me that what she loved about the episode was that we clearly did love each other . We were like the gold violin , we were beautiful but we just did n't make music CNN : What would you like to see Hollywood do ? Batt : Continue to reward good work and put positive role models out there . The one thing about "  Brokeback Mountain " -- it was a beautifully filmed and acted film depicting a tortured relationship . The reason I thought the movie was so great is people walked away thinking , "  Why could n't they just be together ? " The more positive or interesting the portrayal of gay and lesbian characters , the better . They should show people who are living their good , healthy , responsible , productive lives as role models who just happen to be gay . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the subject .	Actor Bryan Batt , who 's openly gay , plays a closeted man in TV series "  Mad Men " Homophobia that still exists in Hollywood is based on what will sell , Batt says He believes positive , interesting portrayals of gays and lesbians are beneficial
CNN  -- Federal authorities filed a criminal complaint Friday against a 56-year-old man whose scrawled note invoking "  Gilligan 's Island " led a Hawaiian Airlines pilot to turn around a Maui-bound flight and return Wednesday to Portland , Oregon . Joseph Hedlund Johnson , of Salem , Oregon , was charged with the federal crime of interference with the performance and duties of a flight crew member or attendant . He is expected to surrender to authorities on Monday . The crime of interference with the performance and duties of a flight crew member or attendant carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . According to the complaint and a 13-page supporting affidavit , Johnson and his girlfriend , Caroll Ann Miller , boarded Hawaiian Airlines Flight 39 on Wednesday morning bound for Kahului , Hawaii , on the island of Maui . Once aboard , Johnson became upset because he was not allowed to store his bag under his exit-row seat , according to the affidavit , which was written by an FBI agent after interviewing Johnson , Miller and the flight crew . About 45 minutes into the flight , Johnson gave a comment card in a sealed envelope to a flight attendant , who opened it , read it and gave it to the lead flight attendant , who then gave it to the captain , it said . "  I thought I was going to die , we were so high up , " the card said . "  I thought to myself : I hope we do n't crash and burn or worse yet landing in the ocean , living through it , only to be eaten by sharks , or worse yet , end up on some place like Gilligan 's Island , stranded , or worse yet , be eaten by a tribe of headhunters , speaking of headhunters , why do they just eat outsiders , and not the family members ? Strange ... and what if the plane ripped apart in mid-flight and we plumited  sic  to earth , landed on Gilligan 's Island and then lived through it , and the only woman there was Mrs. Thurston Howell III ? No Mary Anne  my favorite  no Ginger , just Lovey ! If it were just her , I think I 'd opt for the sharks , maybe the headhunters . " The "  Gilligan 's Island " references were to a 1960s-vintage CBS television comedy about a charter boat crew and their oddball passengers who become shipwrecked and wind up living together on a tropical island . The pilot told investigators that , considering Johnson 's earlier behavior regarding his bag , he felt threatened by the card and decided -- now about 90 minutes into the flight -- to turn the jet around . The North American Aerospace Defense Command  NORAD  scrambled two fighter jets to escort the plane back to Portland . Passengers were told that mechanical problems were to blame and did not learn about the perceived threat until after they arrived back at their starting point . There , Johnson -- apparently oblivious to his role in the decision to turn around -- was met by FBI agents , who interviewed him , the flight crew and his girlfriend . Investigators searched the plane , refueled it , and sent it off once again for Hawaii -- minus Johnson and Miller . Johnson told authorities that he had flown only about four times in his life and that the Maui-bound flight was his first over water ; that he had occupied himself first by reading in-flight magazines and then by filling out comment cards provided by the airline . He said he had lifted the phrase for the card "  I thought I was going to die " from comedian Mike Myers , the affidavit said . "  Johnson stated that he did n't think anyone would open it during the flight , " the affidavit added . "  He told me that he thought the card was going to be taken back to an office somewhere , opened , and everyone in the room would ` get a laugh ' from it , and that perhaps he 'd even get some frequent flyer miles out of it . Johnson stated he did n't intend to scare anyone and he would not have written his name on the card if it was a threat . Johnson stated that he felt bad about what had happened and that he was sorry . " "  The safety and security of airline travel is of paramount importance , particularly following the events of Christmas Day , " said Acting U.S. Attorney Kent Robinson in a news release referring to the botched December 25 bombing aboard a Northwest Airlines jet . Authorities "  will take all necessary steps to assure that air travel is safe , and that standards of conduct for airline passengers are enforced . And everyone who flies should also know that communicating with a flight crew about crashing airplanes will not be viewed as a joke . " Johnson is to surrender Monday to authorities . CNN was unable to contact Johnson or Miller .	Incident disrupted Maui-bound flight on Wednesday Joseph Hedlund Johnson , of Salem , Oregon , charged with a federal crime Johnson wrote note on comment card invoking "  Gilligan 's Island " Affidavit says Johnson said he did n't think card would be looked at during flight
CNN  -- Norway 's navy announced on Monday that it will help search for the missing plane of 20th century explorer Roald Amundsen , more than 80 years after his death . Roald Amundsen led the first successful expedition to the South Pole from 1910 to 1912 . The search -- scheduled for later this year -- will focus on a 40 square-mile  104 square-kilometer  area of the Arctic Ocean where researchers believe Amundsen 's plane crashed in 1928 . "  If there is something down there , we will find it , " said senior Commander Frode Loeseth told CNN . Loeseth said they will be concentrating on finding the plane 's wreckage , and do not expect to find any remains . Amundsen , who is a national hero in Norway , led the first successful expedition to the South Pole from 1910 to 1912 . He is also credited with being the first person to reach both the North and South Poles . He went missing in June 1928 at the age of 55 while flying to the North Pole for a rescue operation . The location of his disappearance "  is one of the remaining unsolved mysteries in our time , " a press release from the Norwegian Navy said . Loeseth said the navy will participate in the search along with the Norwegian Aviation Museum ; Kongsberg Maritime , a Norwegian maritime technology company ; and Context TV , a German TV production company that will document the operation . The search is scheduled to begin the last week of August . There have been several attempts to find the location of Amundsen 's crash , most recently in 2004 . But this time Norway 's navy will be able to scour the depths of the Arctic Ocean with a submarine , named after a character in Norse mythology . "  We have one special tool -- Hugin -- that is a state-of-the-art submarine , unmanned , and can search for 18 hours , " the commander said . Hugin is the mythological raven that traveled around Earth and informed the Norse god , Odin , of what happened that day . Loeseth said the navy has had the unmanned submarine for some time , but the one that will be used in the search is the Hugin 1000 , a "  newly modified and upgraded " model . Loeseth would not say how much the operation was expected to cost , or which organization was funding the bulk of the search . He stressed that the partners have an agreement and a budget , and Norwegian taxpayers will not be paying for any part of the search . He said Amundsen 's relatives support the project . He noted that it has been five years since the last search for Amundsen 's wreckage because "  it takes time to raise funding for such projects . "	Unmanned submarine to be used in search for Roald Amundsen 's plane Amundsen 's plane crashed in 1928 while he was on a rescue mission to North Pole Amundsen first to reach South Pole ; credited with being first to both poles Search due to begin later this year
Paris  CNN  -- The apparent assassination of three Kurdish women political activists in central Paris on Thursday , all shot in the head , has provoked shock among the Kurdish community . Mystery swirls around the slayings , with no claim of responsibility or any indication from authorities as to who might have pulled the trigger . The fact that one of the women is a founding member of the Kurdish Workers ' Party , or PKK -- a group viewed by Turkey , the United States and others as a terror organization -- has led to heightened speculation . The killings come at a delicate time for Kurds in Turkey , where analysts say the government has recently entered into talks with Kurdish leaders -- among them the jailed head of the PKK , Abdullah Ocalan . Analysts suggest the attack could be an attempt to derail a nascent peace process , in what is one of the Middle East 's longest-running conflicts . Opinion : How Paris killings could renew Kurd flashpoint The PKK , a pan-Kurdish nationalist movement , is best known internationally for the guerrilla war it has fought for nearly three decades against the government of Turkey , a conflict that has claimed more than 40,000 lives . The ethnic Kurdish population extends across parts of Turkey , Syria , Iran and Iraq . French Interior Minister Manuel Valls told reporters in Paris the three women had been "  without doubt executed " and described the killings as "  totally unacceptable . " Report : Turkey 's Kurdish conflict has turned more violent The main pro-Kurdish political party in Turkey , the Peace and Democracy Party , or BDP , identified the three victims as Sakine Cansiz , who was a co-founder of the PKK , Leyla Sonmez and Fidan Dogan . Police said the women 's bodies were discovered about 2 a.m. local time in the Information Center for Kurdistan in Paris , located on a busy street behind the Gare du Nord , one of the capital 's main train stations . Officers took evidence bags from the building , near which much of the city 's Kurdish community lives , but have released few details . Leon Edart , of the Federation of Kurdish Associations in France , told CNN affiliate BFM-TV that the women had been alone at the site , which had no security cameras , on Wednesday afternoon . Read more : Turkish town on Syrian border deals with fighting , ethnic differences French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said that French authorities were determined to shed light on the murders and that a judicial inquiry had been opened . So far , authorities have not indicated who might have been responsible . But political leaders in Turkey have been quick to express their shock and revulsion . Turkish government spokesman Bulent Arinc condemned the "  savage " killing of the women , in comments to the semiofficial Anadolu news agency , saying it was "  utterly wrong . " And the BDP , which has 35 elected members in the Turkish parliament , demanded answers . "  We expect the French government to enlighten this massacre beyond a shadow of doubt . We want it known that these murders committed overtly in the busiest part of Paris can not be covered up , " it said . Roj Welat , a spokesman for the PKK leadership in the Qandil Mountains of northern Iraq , said the PKK had not seen any claims of responsibility and was waiting for the results of the French investigation into the murders , as well as its own probe . "  It is an assassination , it is terror , it is ideological and political assassination ,  a  terror attack against the Kurdish people , " he said . "  Sakine Cansiz has been actively involved in the peace and democracy struggle , freedom struggle , of the Kurdish people for a long time . She was one of the women who participated in the formation of the PKK . " Read more : Turkey police crack down on Kurds Hugh Pope , senior Turkey analyst for the International Crisis Group , suggested the killings would "  raise huge questions on the Kurdish side about what 's going on " in relation to the Turkish negotiations . "  No one should use this as an excuse to end these talks . Because this is a unique opportunity , it is a year without any political elections , " he said . "  Whoever did it , it 's very important that the negotiators take steps to reassure each other . " Pope warned against quick pronouncements on the assassin 's identity or affiliation , saying the PKK "  has a long history of killing its own people , too . So there 's no way anybody can jump to conclusions . " Huseyin Celik , a spokesman for Turkey 's ruling Justice and Development Party , or AKP , said information was still coming in , but "  when you look how it was carried out , it seems like an internal settling of scores within the PKK . " Read more : Kurdistan officials hope Iraq will allow Turkish minister in The murders have also left the Kurdish community in Paris and elsewhere reeling . Valls , the French minister , said that Dogan was the head of the Information Center for Kurdistan and that she was known to many in the community through her work . She was also the Paris representative of the Kurdistan National Congress , or KNK , a political group based in Brussels , Belgium . Akif Rizgar Wan , the British representative of the KNK , told CNN he had known Dogan for more than a decade and had last seen her in December . He described her killing as "  terrorism in the middle of Europe " and an attack on efforts to find a peaceful resolution to the Kurdish question . "  It 's a very big loss for us , " he said . "  I can not describe my sadness . I 've not seen anyone else in my life so warm and helpful to anyone . " Read more : Jailed leader calls for end of Kurdish hunger strike About 200 members of the Kurdish community rallied outside the Information Center for Kurdistan on Thursday morning but dispersed soon after . A statement on the French website Jeunesse Kurde  Kurdish Youth  on Thursday urged Kurds and friends of the Kurdish people to gather in Paris . Berivan Akyol , a spokeswoman for the Kurdish Cultural Center in Paris , said a demonstration would be held Saturday . "  We want to condemn these savage executions and the obscure political forces behind them . We are expecting at least 4,000 people , " she told CNN . More than 150,000 Kurds live in France , many of them in the Paris area , according to BFM-TV . About 90 % of the population originates from Turkey , the broadcaster says . Whether the murders will affect the high-profile negotiations in Turkey remains to be seen . Throughout the long conflict in Turkey , the PKK has modified its goals from demanding a separate Kurdish state to fighting for the expansion of Kurdish cultural and linguistic rights , as well as the release of Ocalan , the jailed PKK leader . For decades , the Turkish state discriminated against the Kurds , Turkey 's largest ethnic minority , which now makes up roughly 20 % of the population . The Kurdish language was banned , and Kurds were long referred to as "  mountain Turks . " During Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's 10 years in power , the government has made historic outreaches to the long-oppressed population , an effort that included secret talks with PKK leaders in 2005 . But PKK-related violence has spiked recently , reaching death tolls unseen in more than 13 years , according to a report published by the International Crisis Group , a nonprofit conflict mediation organization . Read more : Syria rebels , Kurdish militia discuss cease-fire CNN 's Ivan Watson and Gul Tuysuz reported from Istanbul ; Alexander Felton and Laura Smith-Spark reported from London ; and Jim Bittermann reported from Paris .	Turkish government spokesman condemns the killings as "  utterly wrong " The slain women are Sakine Cansiz , Leyla Sonmez and Fidan Dogan , pro-Kurdish party says "  I can not describe my sadness , " a Kurdish activist says of one victim 's death Analyst says the killings can be seen in the context of talks in Turkey with Kurdish leaders
CNN  "  Shocked and frozen . " Those are two words that Mark and Ismini Svensson say perfectly describe their families ' reaction to their unique wedding plans . Instead of having a typical ceremony , complete with cake and family photos , the couple chose a different path : To celebrate their love by sharing good deeds across the country with people they 'd never met . For past two years , the newlyweds have been spending their wedding budget to perform one act of kindness in each of the 50 states . The Svenssons plan to complete their mission this spring . The New York-based couple met as students , while attending Georgetown University . They say it was their mutual love of volunteerism and community activism that drew them together . "  It just clicked , " says Mark Svensson . "  We both had this passion within us . " While in the midst of selecting a venue for a more traditional wedding ceremony , they had a change of heart . "  We were actually planning a big wedding reception and honeymoon , " Ismini says . "  We realized that our way of celebrating our love would be different , and we came up with 50 Acts of Giving Back . " For Ismini , the idea of sharing goodwill in place of a wedding also became a special way to honor the legacy of her father , a civil engineer and philanthropist who taught her the importance of making a difference . "  The father of the bride plays important role on the wedding day , and I realized my father would n't be there . " Ismini says her father suddenly passed away from heart attack while hosting a charity event that gave college scholarships to underserved youth . At that event , Ismini 's father delivered his last speech -- focusing on the importance of love and the importance of giving back . So , Mark and Ismini ditched the idea of a formal wedding . No flower bouquet was tossed . No speeches were made , and no family pictures taken . The New York couple quietly exchanged vows at a courthouse . They named their mission , "  50 Acts of Giving Back " and took to Facebook and Twitter for suggestions of where to go . Soon the couple was overwhelmed with responses . They say each stated visited was the result of an online discussion . After sharing their idea on social media , their friends and followers echoed the message through Facebook shares and retweets . Using the hashtag # 50Acts , the Svenssons say they were contacted by people across the country in need of their support . What started as a way to honor the legacy of Ismini 's father became an online campaign to promote the couple 's first love : volunteerism . "  Social media , whether it 's a post or a tweet , can impact your world , " Mark says . "  It may seem small , but it can go a long way . " After hearing of their initiative , Mark and Ismini say others were so inspired by their story , people began to donate to their cause . The couple continued to self-fund "  50 Acts of Giving Back " but used the monetary donations to start a nonprofit , StayUNITED . This way they would be able to continue their charitable work once their 50 state journey was completed . After selecting a location with the help of their online friends , the Svenssons rented a car and drove to each state . Although challenging , it became the Svenssons best way to travel as they soon learned they were expecting their first child ! After their daughter Rafealla was born , the couple hit the road again with her in the backseat . "  She became a part of this journey . She was always with us , " Ismini says . "  Everybody loved her . The baby became like the little mascot . " In Asheville , North Carolina , they brought flowers and presents to patients suffering from cancer . In Aramillo , Texas they assisted elderly men and women with grocery shopping . In Connecticut , the couple participated in an adaptive sports camp for children with disabilities . At the conclusion of the camp , the couple says they presented gifts to the children . "  Because of all the support received from all over the U.S. , we realized this journey is much bigger than a wedding , " Ismini says . Although rewarding , the couple admits there were challenges . In addition to handling the daily tasks of having a newborn , Mark and Ismini balanced worked schedules as well . Working in a family business allowed them the flexibility to travel , but they say coordination was key . "  Some states you literally have to drive seven hours just to get to the next area , " Mark commented . "  It 's definitely something you have to be mentally prepared for . " The couple 's next move ? The Midwest , Pacific Northwest , Hawaii and Alaska . They hope to wrap up their journey by spring of 2015 . "  We believe in a chain reaction of kindness , " Ismini says . "  It 's all about realizing us doing our part in something much bigger than ourselves and giving back . "	Mark and Ismini Svensson were planning a big wedding reception and honeymoon when they had a change of heart The New York couple is spending their wedding budget performing 50 acts of kindness -- one in each state They took to social media for suggestions and drove to each location They have visited 36 states and have 14 more to go
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Blind women are being trained to use their sensitive touch to help detect breast cancer earlier and more precisely than doctors . The blind assistants use tape strips with braille coordinates to accurately locate cancerous lumps The program , called "  Discovering Hands , " is the brainchild of German gynecologist Dr. Frank Hoffmann . Two years ago , he created Braille strips as a system of orientation , allowing the blind to carry out breast examinations . Using these strips blind women are trained to become Medical Tactile Examiners  MTUs  because they are more able to detect smaller lumps than sighted doctors . Hoffman argues that because of their disability , the blind can possess a more acutely developed sense of touch , which has proved to be a valuable asset in breast examinations . Once the strips are placed along specific areas of the breast , they are then used to report a precise location to the doctor as the MTU reads their Braille coordinates . "  We are turning a disability into a gift , " Dr. Hoffmann told CNN . "  It 's like the game Battleship , " he added . "  You have the exact location . " A study at the Essen University 's women 's clinic , Germany , concluded that MTUs found more and smaller tumors than doctors in 450 cases . The identification of smaller lumps allows earlier diagnosis and more effective treatment . Another advantage of having MTUs is that they are able to dedicate more time to examining a patient . Dr. Hoffman said he had previously been able to spend only a few minutes on each examination due to his other commitments , whereas MTUs can commit half an hour . Training takes place at the BFW occupational school in Düren , west Germany , a center for those who are no longer able to continue their profession because of visual impairment or blindness . So far , ten blind women have qualified as MTUs . One of the women , Marie-Luise Voll , 57 , told CNN : " The work brings me a lot of joy . " Voll had previously practiced as a nurse before losing her sight in 2007 , but used the experience when training at Düren for her new role . The highly personal nature of the procedure means that only women will be trained . The MTUs report to the doctor - for whom they act as an assistant not a replacement - who then uses this information as part of their ultimate diagnosis . If an abnormality is located the doctor will decide how to proceed , with ultrasounds and mammography being the most frequent course of action . The testing phase of the project between 2006 and 2008 has now been completed in Germany . The hope is that twenty trained MTUs will qualify every year after 2010 . The program has been acclaimed as a success by both patients and practitioners in Germany . Health services in Europe including Ireland , France , Denmark and Austria have also registered interest in starting an equivalent of their own , Hoffman said .	Blind women being trained to use their sensitive touch to detect breast cancer lumps Called Medical Tactile Examiners , they can spend more time on patients The ` Discovering Hands ' program takes place at a school in Düren , west Germany
CNN  -- In a long-awaited speech Thursday in Florida , President Obama will boldly go where no president has gone before , laying out an entirely new vision for the U.S. space program . The firestorm of controversy has already begun For more than 50 years , presidents have pushed for government rockets to send astronauts to space , the moon and possibly Mars . But now a new paradigm is being proposed . The moon program is off the table , and Mars is only a distant possibility . NASA is essentially getting out of the astronaut business , letting the Russians and private enterprise take over . The glory days of NASA , some say , are over . The Obama plan is truly breathtaking , ending an era that lasted from Presidents Kennedy to Bush . Some specifics : • The moon program , called Constellation , is being suspended , and its components and $ 9 billion of research are going down the drain . The Ares rocket , which recently underwent a successful preliminary test , will be canceled . The Orion lunar module will be repurposed as an astronaut "  lifeboat " tethered to the international space station . • The space shuttle program is ending , causing 4,600 workers to lose their jobs .  This was also in the Bush plan , but that proposal included funding the Ares rocket . • Without a space shuttle , the U.S. will rely temporarily on Russian rockets to send our astronauts into space . • Eventually , private enterprise will take over launching our astronauts . Some critics say that this is all too much , too soon . Private companies may not be ready to pick up the slack for years to transport astronauts . Conceivably , any political crisis with the Russians in far-away places , such as the Balkans , might affect our access to outer space . And we will just have to swallow our pride when the Chinese plant their flag on the moon sometime after 2020 , as they say they will . Proponents of the plan Obama is expected to describe , however , say that it is long overdue and inevitable . In these trying financial times , the U.S. can not sustain an ambitious space program . Get real , they say . Let private enterprise take over . It 's the American way . But everyone agrees that the wheel is broken and needs to be fixed . It all boils down to one dirty four-letter word : cost . During the Cold War , the superpowers gladly opened their treasuries because the space race was a matter of national pride and honor . Since then , the realities have sunk in . It costs about $ 10,000 per pound to send anything into near-Earth orbit .  Think of John Glenn made of solid gold .  But when you add in life support and safety factors , it costs about $ 65 million to send each astronaut aboard the space shuttle , which in turn costs half a billion dollars per launch . To go to the moon would cost perhaps 10 times as much . There are some positive recommendations that Obama should keep in mind as he plots the future of the space program . • NASA needs to set concrete goals and deadlines . In the past , the space shuttle and the international space station were used to justify each other 's existence . Instead , the space program should hold the feet of the bureaucracies and corporations to the fire . Having a tangible vision of the future , with a clear destination and mission , will hold planners accountable , give a sharp focus to the objectives of the space program and cut waste . • NASA has to abandon its cost-plus model , where it guarantees its contractors a profit beyond the cost . This model is unsustainable -- the tail wagging the dog . It 's an open invitation for bureaucracies and corporations to pad their budgets , rather than operate as efficiently as possible . • NASA has to inspire competition and innovation . The Hubble Space Telescope and the robotic missions to the planets have been a shining beacon for research based on goals set by scientists instead of the narrow priorities of bureaucracies and politicians . • NASA has to fund risky , out-of-the-box propulsion systems -- besides the expensive chemical rockets that are used now -- to help drive down the cost of space travel . A lot of a rocket 's fuel goes into lifting itself into orbit , which is a waste . Ground-based laser and microwave beams , for example , can vaporize water contained in a rocket , which is then shot out the other end , so only the payload goes into space , not the fuel . As he speaks to aerospace workers , the president should frame this moment as an opportunity to redesign the space program . The key is to maintain the U.S. as the leader in innovation , ideas and progress , because science is ultimately the engine of prosperity . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michio Kaku .	Michio Kaku : President Obama 's changes to space program alter vision that 's held for 50 years Kaku says cuts and new priorities make some critics believe NASA 's glory years over Kaku : Program must rely on Russia until private firms can get our astronauts back in space Kaku : NASA must streamline operating costs , innovate and set concrete goals for the future
Washington  CNN  -- A Washington lawyer has filed a lawsuit in federal court , claiming he is the father of basketball star LeBron James . Leicester Stovell alleges that the athlete and his family have been involved in a cover-up to deny paternity by committing fraud and misrepresentation . He told HLN 's "  Prime News " on Thursday that he wants "  a carefully structured and secure DNA test " to prove he 's the NBA all-star 's father . Stovell says he has been trying for three years to establish paternity and is seeking $ 4 million in damages . An earlier test ruled out the possibility , but he said the test could have been tampered with -- "  and there are indications that there was a motivation . " Stovell said he had sex with James ' mother , Gloria James , after meeting at a Washington bar while she was visiting from Ohio in 1984 . A few months later , she told him she was pregnant , but did not say whether he was the father . Stovell said his only request was that the child , if a boy , play basketball . He said his memory of the encounter resurfaced more than 20 years later , "  after being asked whether I had a son , and I then systematically explored all of my past for that possibility . " "  I came across this set of recollections and in focusing on them , they amplified , " he said . In the complaint , filed June 23 , Stovell says , "  I recently have concluded that a comprehensive , sophisticated and well-funded effort might well have been underway for quite some time , perhaps beginning in its present form as early as when defendant LeBron James was in high school , to frustrate identification of his real father , and that there is a likelihood that the father in question is me . " He stopped short of saying he is certain he is James ' father . "  I do n't want to make such a definitive statement in the absence of corroborative evidence " such as DNA , he said . Stovell said he filed the suit two weeks ago because a statute of limitations was about to expire . "  I have some limitation considerations that caused me to want to file the suit before the end of June , " he said . He denied the timing had anything to do with the current LeBron mania . James is scheduled to announce Thursday evening the team he has chosen to play for next season , a deal worth perhaps tens of millions of dollars or more . He currently plays for the Cleveland Cavaliers . He says he was informed by Gloria James months later that she was pregnant . He claims she told him the child would be named LeBron , similar to Leicester Bryce , Stovell 's first and middle names . The lawsuit states Gloria James was 16 at the time of the alleged encounter , but Stovell said she told him she was in her early 20s . Stovell is a solo legal practitioner in the District of Columbia , and filed the lawsuit on his own behalf . A call to LeBron James ' attorney , Frederick Nance of Cleveland , Ohio , was not immediately returned . The lawsuit had been filed without much initial publicity , but was reported by the TMZ celebrity website Wednesday . Public records show Stovell is a former government attorney with the Securities and Exchange Commission . He filed a lawsuit in 2002 against the agency , alleging racial discrimination . Federal court records show the case was settled when the commission paid him $ 230,000 , while not admitting fault . CNN 's Jason Kessler contributed to this report	NEW : Stovell says he wants a "  secure " DNA test to prove paternity NEW : Lawyer says his memories were "  amplified " in recent years James will announce Thursday night with which team he 'll sign Lawsuit says Stovell had one-time tryst with James ' mother
Washington  CNN  -- A Pakistani man living in Virginia was sentenced Friday to 12 years in prison for providing material support to the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Tayyiba . Jubair Ahmad pleaded guilty in December to making a propaganda video for the group , which included images and a prayer given by the group 's leader , Hafiz Muhammad Saeed . The video also showed "  scenes where atrocities have been inflicted on Muslims , followed by the activities of the mujahideen conducting attacks in Kashmir , " according to the Justice Department . Recently , the United States announced a $ 10 million reward for information leading to the arrest or conviction of Saeed , a Pakistani who is suspected of masterminding the 2008 terrorist attacks in Mumbai , India . which killed 166 people . Ahmad admitted to communicating with someone in Pakistan named Talha Saeed -- Saeed 's son -- who asked Ahmad to make the video . Ahmad said he asked Talha Saeed if he wanted to include an image from the Mumbai attacks , but he vetoed that idea . Ahmad uploaded his finished video onto a YouTube account in September 2010 . According to court documents , Ahmad , now 24 , attended Lashkar-e-Tayyiba training camps as a teenager . In 2007 , Ahmad got a visa and he and his family moved from Pakistan to the United States . He has been living in the United States legally , but has not become a citizen . At sentencing , prosecutors said Ahmad conspired to recruit others and to raise money for Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , also know as LeT . The government said Ahmad "  expressed his intention to return to Pakistan to complete the LeT commando training course and be launched on a martyrdom mission . " Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , which means army of the pure , is the military wing of Jamaat-ud-Dawa , a radical Muslim organization that aims to bring about Islamist rule in parts of India and Pakistan . The United States labeled Lashkar-e-Tayyiba a "  foreign terrorist organization " in December 2001 , and under pressure from Washington , Pakistan banned the group in 2002 . However , it continues to function freely . U.S. District Judge T.S. Ellis ordered that once Ahmad completes his prison term , he will be turned over to immigration officials for removal proceedings . "  Mr. Ahmad directly supported the mission of a designated terrorist organization through his creation of online propaganda , fundraising and recruitment efforts , " said FBI Assistant Director James McJunkin , who heads the Washington , D.C. , field office . "  He is now being held accountable for those actions . "	Jubair Ahmad , 24 , pleaded guilty in December to creating a propaganda video He attended Lashkar-e-Tayyiba training camps as a teen , court documents show He will be turned over to immigration officials once his prison term is over , judge orders
CNN  -- On a blazing summer 's day in 1961 , a race horse called Puss n Boots decided enough was enough and took an impromptu dip in a nearby lake . The only problem ? He was racing at the Fort Erie Race Track at the time . Jockey Ronnie Behrens was sent flying as the horse made a sharp detour for the scenic infield lake . Adding insult to injury , wilful Puss n Boots had been winning the race at the time . The fabled plunge has gained almost legendary status in Canada , with Fort Erie now holding an annual Puss n Boots Stakes -- ending with a traditional leap into the lake by the winning jockey and trainer . But as Canadian government funding cuts take their toll , it seems the jockeys are not the only ones trying to stay afloat . The picturesque 115-year-old Fort Erie track now looks set for closure after controversial changes to gambling taxes . "  The whole racing industry in Ontario is in trouble , " Fort Erie Economic Development and Tourism Corporation manager , Jim Thibert , said . "  Fort Erie Race Track is on a closing plan for the end of this year . The only thing that would interrupt that plan would be if we increased our business from CAD$ 30million  $ 30.6 million  to CAD$ 35million  $ 35.6 million  a year . " Thibert said the outlook was fairly bleak for the historic track which employs 240 people . It is thought another 600 jobs could be lost through support services if it is forced to close its doors as planned in December . At least 25,000 racing jobs in Canada are under threat from the controversial new laws , says the industry . Under the plans , funding sourced from a tax on government-owned slot machines at race tracks will be redirected . The result ? Around CAD$ 345million  $ 351million  of funding coming into the sport will be lost . Currently , race tracks and horse owners receive 10 % each of this fund to invest in facilities and thoroughbreds . But from March , that money will instead be directed into the government 's general revenues . Legislators in Toronto have offered CAD$ 50 million  $ 51million  of ` transitional funding ' to the industry to ease the burden . But Sue Leslie , president of the Ontario Horse Racing Industry Association , said many in the industry are bracing for the worst . "  We have 17 race tracks in Ontario . Three of them have already had the government slot machines removed and one has said that they are unable to stay in business after the end of the year , " she said . "  If that is the way it is going to be when the funding program fully closes in March , we will be down to nine race tracks at most . " She added : "  It 's about jobs , sure , but it 's also about the welfare of the animals too . Who is looking after the horses if no one is buying them ? What level of care will they get if the amount of money is cut ? " Amid austerity , the Ontario provincial government says it was compelled to overhaul its tax system on slot machines . "  Given our current economic situation our government is committed to reviewing all programs in order to reduce the rate of spending growth , " said ministerial spokesman Aly Vitunski . "  The Slots at Racetrack Program is no exception . Since 1998 the horse racing industry has received CAD$ 3.7 billion  $ 3.77 billion  in government support -- that 's more money than we spend on water and road safety . "  At the end of the day we need to ask ourselves whether the government should be in the business of healthcare and education or horse racing . " Britain 's Betting Levy And it 's not just the Canadian racing industry feeling the pinch . Since the 1960s , when off-track betting was legalized in Britain , the racing industry has benefited from a direct payment from bookmakers called the Betting Levy . But that Levy is now under threat as some firms take advantage of a loophole which allows them to base online wagering units outside the UK and pay no money -- despite taking bets on British races . "  The Levy has almost halved in value between 2009 and 2011 to Â # 34 million  $ 53 million  and this is starving the sport of prize money , which is its lifeblood , " says British member of parliament Matthew Hancock , who is trying to close the loophole . "  I speak to owners who now can not cover their fuel costs to get to the race tracks , even when their horses perform well . " He says if no action is taken to reform the Levy , it could put at risk the livelihoods of some of the nation 's 100,000 horse racing employees . In response , UK betting companies say a change in the rules would lead to extra costs for them and the possibility of 2,000 betting industry workers losing their jobs . One of the ` offshore ' companies at the center of the issue , Betfair , has tried to strike a balance by signing a five-year , Â # 40 million  $ 63 million  funding deal with the British Horseracing Association . Future of horse racing ? With betting and gambling proving to be a source of funding headaches , could racing bodies walk away from wagering as a main source of revenue and look to make it in other ways ? "  Relying on handouts is not the way forward and it is all about trying to harness all the assets you have in racing and not sit back on a single funding mechanism , " says Nigel Roddis , development director of Racing for Change , an organization looking to boost race track attendances and revenues . "  It 's about making the product on the track far more attractive to corporate sponsors and families alike so they want to be part of it . "  That includes marketing to a new audience -- when they come they wo n't just pay at the gate , they will eat here , drink here , bet here and each day adds to the diversification of our income . " And it seems to be working . The number of people visiting UK racing meetings rose by 5 % in the past year , according to British horse racing commercial group The Jockey Club . Meanwhile , the British Horseracing Association will also help deliver Â # 50 million  $ 79 million  worth of improvements to racing facilities , through the sale of the former state bookmakers . Even the owners of Fort Erie in Ontario are now turning away from gambling in a bid to secure its future . Plans for a hotel and tourist resort have overtaken the battle to secure government state funding , as Jim Thibert explained . "  We are nine miles from Niagra Falls and just over the border from the United States . We could build a place to stay which encourages tourists to come here and still see the horse racing , " he said . "  Things are tough with the removal of the slots revenue , but there still is hope that we could get funding to build something different here and keep racing alive . "	Half of Ontario 's race tracks could close when government pulls funding scheme Feeling the pinch is 115-year-old Fort Erie Race Track in Ontario , Canada British racing starts finding new revenue sources to offset fall in betting money Future of horse racing may lie in marketing to family friendly audience
Sydney  CNN  He 's an embattled prime minister and he does n't deny it . So when Australia 's Tony Abbott faced journalists and his colleagues to deliver a highly anticipated speech in Canberra on Monday , he fessed up and begged for time . Seen as tricky , mean and unwilling to keep his promises , the Australian leader has been under pressure recently to resign . To stem the criticism , Abbott offered a few olive branches : more consultation with his colleagues , more control over foreigners buying in to the property market in Australia 's major cities and a crackdown on Islamic groups sympathetic to ISIS . Throughout , however , he made it clear he was staying put . Since his election in September 2013 , Abbott has accumulated more critics than supporters . A litany of broken promises and a stalled budget have left his achievements looking parlous . He had promised there would be no cuts to health , education and pensions , nor the national broadcasters , ABC and the SBS . All have since faced reduced funding . His first budget has been hijacked by minor party objections and horse-trading . Many measures remain stuck in the Senate , the upper house of the Australian parliament . He 's managed to keep one of his central promises : to dump a carbon tax introduced by Julia Gillard , the predecessor he maligned for breaking promises . And his government can be fairly said to have stopped the boatloads of asylum seekers making their way to Australia from Indonesian ports . This was achieved after several years , during which up to 1,000 people died on the journey . However , even that achievement has come at a cost to his personal reputation . Sending asylum seekers to Australian-run camps in Papua New Guinea and Nauru has ended in riots and one death . When he honored Prince Philip , the husband of the Queen of England , with a knighthood , the fuse of national anger ignited . He is appearing to be a tin-eared leader , out of touch with ordinary Australians . Queenslanders took the opportunity to slap down his conservative allies by throwing them out of office in a statewide election last weekend . Talk had begun , worsening after the Queensland poll , that Abbott would be dumped if he refused to resign . Half stump speech , half stock-taking on the government 's achievements , his public appearance at the National Press Club is unlikely to placate his most ardent critics , who now include many conservative commentators . Poll after poll reveals the extent of his unpopularity . A Fairfax/Ipsos poll taken in late January shows the government would lose the next election by a landslide , based on current figures . Abbott 's personal approval rating has nosedived too . The two cabinet ministers most often talked about as likely to challenge him for the top job have pledged loyalty , albeit in muted tones . Abbott did n't deny he had sought an assurance of loyalty from his deputy , Foreign Minister Julie Bishop . "  I accept this is a government which has gone through a difficult patch . All governments go through difficult patches , " he said . "  This will be a test of character . Now , politicians pass the test when they do what is best for the long term , not when they give in to short term fear and make a difficult situation worse . "  As for Julie , she 's a friend of mine . Julie is my deputy . She 's been a terrific deputy and a terrific minister . I believe I have her support and I certainly look forward to continuing to have that . " On his other rival , Communications Minister Malcolm Turnbull , there was silence . Turnbull is a popular figure and the preferred conservative leader for those who vote for the opposition , the Australian Labor Party . However , Turnbull 's pro-climate change , pro-same sex marriage stance makes him a difficult alternative for his own party to accept as leader . For the moment , Turnbull is toeing the line and publicly stating he supports his leader . Given the frenzy of anger and disappointment unleashed against Abbott over the past week , and the anticipation attached to Monday 's appearance , it was clear the prime minister would never be able to achieve the bar set for him . In the end , he did all that he could do . He begged his colleagues to stick with him and warned Australians that , if they followed Queensland  and before it Victoria , which also recently turfed out a conservative government  , they 'd face the re-introduction of a carbon tax . Wiping it from the statute books , he says , has saved the average Australian household $ 500 a year . It might sound glib to assert that $ 500 a year is all that stands between Tony Abbott , Prime Minister and Tony Abbott , washed up politician . But given his nemesis Turnbull has long advocated action on climate change , it 's truer than it sounds .	Facing criticism from all sides , Australian leader Tony Abbott begs for more time Low approval ratings and state-level drubbings are taking their toll Perceived rivals publicly backing him -- for now
When Zhou Yuxia , 24 , returned to Beijing after studying in the United States , she had real trouble securing a job . She had the right qualifications for the positions she was looking for -- she just was n't a man . "  I was on a job hunting site and saw this ideal position as a marketing manager . One of the requirements was that I had to be male , " she told CNN . "  If I am desperate I will apply anyway because I think I am qualified . But I 'll send them an extra video outlining why I can do the job despite being female . " This happened a fortnight ago , just weeks after a similar gender discrimination case made headlines in China . Recent graduate Cao Ju took Beijing-based private tutor company Juren Academy to court after they refused to employ her on the basis of being female . The company later settled for 30,000 RMB  US$ 4,925  , in what has been described as the first gender discrimination lawsuit of its kind in the China . ` Important breakthrough ' Geoff Crothall from China Labour Bulletin , an NGO that promotes the rights of workers in China , described the Beijing case as "  an important breakthrough . " He says he expects more women to actively challenge discrimination moving forward but cautioned against being too optimistic . "  It is very difficult to get courts in China to accept discrimination cases , as Cao Ju herself experienced , " Crothall told CNN . "  Very often employers blatantly discriminate because demand for a particular job is very high and they can get away with setting strict and discriminatory stipulations . " Wang Xiao , 28 , knows a thing or two about this . Upon graduating from a top Beijing university , she spent a year working as a headhunter . There she was approached by clients who specified only male candidates . Factory-based jobs and those within engineering were two professions commonly demanding male applicants , as were roles that involved travel or working overseas . "  There 's a perception that  travel  to certain countries is not safe for women , and also that if a woman is older her priorities will be more home-based , whereas the man 's will still be work first , " she said . Wang experienced discrimination herself upon changing jobs . She was working as a teacher 's assistant at a well-established tutorial company in Beijing and when her boss left , he referred Wang to the director as the best person to fill his role . The director , though , wanted a man . Wang lost out to someone more junior than her . "  At my company the high-level positions were usually filled by men , " she noted . These anecdotes are commonplace . Data in the Third Chinese Women 's Social Status Investigation , jointly carried out in 2010 by the All-China Women 's Federation  ACWF  and the National Bureau of Statistics of China , revealed that more than 72 % of women had a clear perception of "  not being hired or promoted because of gender " discrimination . Over 75 % believed they were dismissed due to marriage and childbirth , with fears that this could worsen as China relaxes its one-child policy . Meanwhile , the federation calculated that urban Chinese women in 2010 earned 0.67 RMB for every 1 RMB men earned , down from 0.78 RMB in 1990 . From overt to recessive Women must also compete amongst themselves . In China , where applicants often attach a photograph to their CVs , there are jobs requiring women to measure up to a certain level of attractiveness . In her book , Buying Beauty : Cosmetic Surgery in China , anthropologist Wen Hua noted the prevalence of job ads with detailed appearance and height requirements for women . The Chinese government itself is guilty of this , she says . "  They are trying to attract the tallest or the prettiest people , because it makes  the government departments  look good , " Wen wrote . "  The belief that better looks secure better jobs has pushed more and more Chinese college students to spend lavish amounts of money on cosmetic surgery . " She told CNN the situation has changed since her research back in 2006-7 , saying there are fewer of these ads around nowadays -- but she is also wary . "  Gender discrimination in employment still widely exists in China 's workplace in different ways that are hidden . The discrimination has changed from overt to recessive , whilst the situation might be even worse because hidden prejudice and discrimination against women is harder to avoid and punish . " Leveling the playing field Some women adapt to the situation . As a teenager , Lin Wanru wanted to be a doctor . Her mother had other plans , telling her that , "  Medicine is not a good profession for a woman to be in -- it will not attract a man . " Instead Lin became a journalist and satisfies herself with writing medical stories . Lin 's story touches on a greater phenomenon , namely women are still being engineered to see marriage as their first priority and career as second . Those who fail to conform to this stereotype risk being labeled a "  leftover . " READ MORE : China 's ` leftover women ' choose to stay single Zhang Chao is a member of Lean In Beijing , a women 's professional development group inspired by Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg 's bestselling book Lean In . For her , this attitude is troubling . A 25-year-old HR coordinator in the telecommunications industry , she says that plenty of her female counterparts were ambitious at school and college , but their ambition later disappeared . "  When we step out of school and enter the society , all of the goals turn to the pressure of marrying a good husband . It becomes the major standard of how we evaluate our life , " she told CNN . This is a far cry from when the Communist Party came to power in 1949 , when elevating the status of women was central to their manifesto . Chairman Mao famously declared that women hold up half the sky and , superficially at least , went about promoting women into jobs previously designated to men . But it 's not all bad in today 's China . According to the 2014 Hurun Global Rich List , 17 of the 358 US-dollar billionaires living in Greater China are women  up from 14 a year ago  , and 19 % of Chinese women in management positions are CEOs . The perception women are on the rise has even led to the coining of a phrase -- yin sheng , yang shuai -- which means the female  yin  is on the up , while the male  yang  is moving down . Celebrating women the wrong way The Chinese treatment of International Women 's Day , which still features in the Chinese annual calendar on March 8 , shows the disparity between rhetoric and reality . Once seen as an occasion to highlight the plight of women , it has now become another commercial opportunity , like Valentine 's Day or Mother 's Day . Some companies give women time off ; others provide presents for their female staff -- often presents that feed into gender stereotypes . In 2013 , a total of 1.72 million men bought gifts for women in the 10 days leading up to International Women 's Day , according to a report issued by Taobao , China 's largest online shopping website . Beauty vouchers and kitchen supplies were a dominant theme . Retailers commonly offer sales on women 's products as well . With International Women 's Day approaching , the offers are already on display -- bouquets of flowers , and nice accessories to give to your wife , mother or employee . Chinese women are once again being reminded that when it comes to work , there 's a gulf between themselves and their male cohorts .	Discrimination against women in rife in China Successfully-fought gender discrimination cases are almost nonexistent Discrimination changing from "  overt " to "  recessive " International Women 's Day celebrations in China can be misguided
Washington  CNN  -- While Florida Gov. Rick Scott and former Florida Gov. Charlie Crist took aim at each other during a bitter debate on Thursday night , viewers participated alongside the candidates , reacting in real-time using Microsoft Bing Pulse technology . The pattern was clear from the beginning . Democrats and independents tended to stick relatively close together in their sentiment , strongly agreeing when Crist spoke and strongly disagreeing when Scott spoke . Overall , Republicans participants tended to stay more toward the middle , voting more neutrally . Not surprisingly , Democrats and Republicans voted in extreme opposite directions throughout the debate . When Crist attacked Scott 's personal fortune , Democrats and independents strongly agreed with him . "  If you 're somebody like Rick Scott , and you have a private jet , and you fly 30,000 feet above people all the time , or you live in an oceanfront mansion , you 're out of touch , and you 're not feeling what people that are watching tonight are feeling at home , " said Crist . But when Scott blamed Crist for the loss of more than 800,000 jobs , saying he is out of touch because he grew up with wealth , Democrats strongly disagreed more than at any other point in the debate . Strong points of agreement for Republicans occurred when Scott explained his response to Ebola and when he discussed the action he took during the Treyvon Martin case . But when Scott attacked Crist , calling him a "  divider " and a "  mudslinger , " he only had a slight bump from his fellow Republicans . When it came to gender , men and women were almost in dead lockstep , voting nearly identically with very little variation throughout the night . In total , 186,000 votes were tallied on Bing Pulse . Democrats nearly outnumbered Republicans in the real-time voting 3-to-1 .	Viewers reacted in real-time using Microsoft 's Bing Pulse technology Democrats , independents stayed together in their opinions Republicans voted more neutrally during the debate
CNN  -- Adventure travel is n't always about riding waves and ascending heights -- sometimes it 's about heading inside , to explore the realm of our inner worlds . While it might be counter-intuitive to travel long distances to sit with a bunch of silent strangers , meditation retreats offer guidance to those on an internal quest . "  Every wise culture knows that there are times that are important to walk out in the desert or in the mountains , or go on retreat and listen , " says Jack Kornfield , a meditation teacher whose books include "  The Wise Heart " and "  Bringing Home the Dharma . " "  Quiet the mind and open the heart and listen deeply . In the cycles of our life , that serves almost everyone . " It 's common to worry about a week without conversation , meat or sleeping in . But those who persevere are rewarded . "  It turns out in almost every case that they love it , " says Kornfield . "  Things that seem like they might be difficult , such as silence , turn out to be right away a splendid gift . " Rules vary , but many dedicated centers will ask for a temporary vow of silence during most or all of your time as a visitor . A rule of thumb is to look for teachers with a good reputation and who come from a long tradition rather than a self-proclaimed guru . Be realistic about your physical needs and creature comforts . Austere conditions may prompt insight into the difference between what you want and want you need . A traditional Buddhist meditation retreat starts early in the morning ; nonprofits will likely expect you to do a work period  cut those carrots mindfully  and to pick up after yourself . More than anything , says Kornfield , look for "  a place that 's known for love , -LSB- with -RSB- a spirit of loving kindness and compassion in everything that it does . " Spirit Rock , California Once San Francisco 's northern suburbs give way to what looks like Tolkein 's shire , the hills of Spirit Rock appear . Native Americans once used this land for spiritual rites ; even the wild deer and turkeys are calm , without any need to flinch from humans . Residential retreats , held throughout the year , run as long as two months . "  Some come for healing , either the healing of the heart or the healing of the body , " says Jack Kornfield , one of Spirit Rock 's founding teachers . "  Some come because they are in life transition and need to listen deeply to what is the next thing that is asked of them or how to deal with some great change . "  As they quiet themselves , as they walk in nature , as they listen to their own breath and their own feelings and thoughts more deeply , they grow a sense of stillness and clarity . "  And we see it on their faces . We call it sometimes the vipassana -LSB- insight meditation -RSB- facelift . You look at the shining faces of people after a week of retreat , and they look like they are 10 years younger . They 're brighter ; their presence and spirit has been renewed . " www.spiritrock.org Plum Village , France For Thich Nhat Hanh , the Vietnamese monk whom Martin Luther King Jr. nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize , cultivating lucidity is a means to connecting with yourself and others . "  When you are mindful of something , you are concentrated on it , and the power of mindful concentration can help you see things as they really are and you discover the nature of interbeing , " he recently told Shambhala Sun . The monastery in southern France that he and about 200 monks and nuns call home welcomes visitors of all ages and features one lazy , unstructured day per week . www.plumvillage.org Dalai Lama 's teachings , Dharamsala , India When the Dalai Lama teaches in India , where he sought refuge after fleeing his native Tibet , his talks are typically free and open to the public . Eleven Directions bridges the gap between the Nobel Peace Prize winner 's talks and negotiating a week or so in Dharamsala , the center of the Tibetan community in exile and destination for many a spiritual pilgrim . Accommodation options include a guesthouse run by the Dalai Lama 's brother . Shantum Seth , a Zen priest , advocates being fully open and aware when traveling , and is widely praised by Western Buddhists as the go-to guide in the Himalayas . His tour in Dharamsala is for those who want to connect with and discuss Tibetan culture and practices ; other itineraries include "  In the Footsteps of the Buddha . " www.buddhapath.com Mindfulness-based stress reduction at Glenview Hotel and Leisure Club , Ireland In the 1970s , Jon Kabat-Zinn pioneered Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction  MBSR  at the University of Massachusetts Medical School for patients  and staff  to help manage the physical and psychological impacts of stress , pain and sickness . The approach strips away talk about dharma and karma to offer meditation techniques straight up . Their Center for Mindfulness hosts an annual conference for scientists on how meditation impacts health care and vice versa , and has contributed to scientific understanding of how meditation affects the brain and immune system . Mindfulness Tools for Living the Full Catastrophe is a five-day residential version of MBSR , which is taught around the world . This summer , Ananda hosts a session at Ireland 's Glenview Hotel -- ideal for somebody who wants a location with all the typical traveler amenities . www.umassmed.edu The Buddhist Retreat Centre , KwaZulu-Natal , South Africa Just a 90-minute drive from Durban , the Buddhist Retreat Centre 's remote location in Ixopo feels fully rural . Former President Nelson Mandela awarded the center National Heritage status for its environmentally friendly approach to using indigenous plants and helping to save the endangered Blue Swallow . Accordingly , walking and bird-watching on the extensive property are encouraged . In addition to scheduled meditation retreats , people in search of solitude are also welcome to come and get away from the modern world on their own . Located in a traditional Zulu tribal area , the community here does outreach work with the local population through Woza Moya in the Ufafa Valley . www.brcixopo.co.za Wat Suan Mokkh , Chaiya , Thailand Starting on the first day of each month , this forest refuge offers 10-day meditation retreats . All levels are welcome , but the conditions are rugged ; in the words of Ajahn Buddhadasa , who founded the hermitage : "  Live plainly , aim high . " At registration , you turn in your cell phone ; beds are a straw mat and wooden pillow . The wake-up bell is at 4 a.m. . The Garden of Liberation regularly attracts foreigners and is a good choice for those seeking an authentic forest monk experience with instruction in English . www.suanmokkh-idh.org Ala Kukui , Hawaii The idea for Ala Kukui , or "  Pathway of Illumination , " was inspired by the events of September 11 . This sanctuary is situated among hills and fruit trees on 12 rural acres in Maui , with views of both the Pacific Ocean and Haleakala . Various offerings throughout the year draw locals and long-haul visitors . Among specialties is a residential retreat for war veterans that acknowledges and aims to heal the extreme PTSD , grief and loss that soldiers often struggle with . Programs in hula , writing and yoga are also available . www.alakukui.org Assisi Retreat Home & Hermitage , Assisi , Italy If the Italian countryside gives you piece of mind , you can take comfort in the centuries-old farmhouse with four guest rooms . Morning and evening meditation periods are bookends for days spent exploring Assisi -- a "  spiritual walking tour of the ancient holy sites " is an option -- or the Umbrian countryside . Retreats are conducted in English ; kitchen space is provided to prepare your own meals . www.assisiretreats.org Gampo Abbey , Nova Scotia , Canada Gampo Abbey is geared toward monastic life in the Shambhala tradition . Residents typically make at least a yearlong commitment , but those with a regular meditation practice are welcome to come for a week during the summer in-house season . Those wanting to study with Gampo Abbey 's principal teacher Ani Pema Chödrön  born Deirdre Blomfield-Brown in New York  can do so this year at the less austere Omega Institute in New York State . www.gampoabbey.org Kripalu , Massachusetts Located in the Berkshires just down the road from Tanglewood , the summer home of the Boston Symphony Orchestra , Kripalu is primarily a yoga center . The woodsy setting overlooking a lake is iconic New England , whether the branches are heavy with winter snow or bursting with the colors of spring , summer and autumn . Most visitors sign up for a course -- often a yoga specialty , including teacher training in Kripalu 's signature method , which emphasizes personal expression . But many other programs , such as meditation , mindful running and couple 's massage , are also offered . Yoga and dance for all levels are available several times per day for all visitors , and during school vacation periods , kid-oriented choices like CircusYoga are available . Keeping with the property 's monastic history , living quarters are basic : many opt for dorm rooms with bunk beds and community baths . Some private rooms are available . Vegetarian-friendly meals are served cafeteria-style .  Breakfasts are silent . New management has introduced Wi-Fi , coffee and all manner of chocolate . A vast menu of bodywork , including massage , facials and ayurvedic consultations , can be booked ahead of time or on-site . www.kripalu.org	Spirit Rock in California was once used by Native Americans for spiritual rites The Dalai Lama 's teachings are available in Dharamsala , India At Wat Suan Mokkh , Thailand , guests sleep on wooden pillows
JENA , Louisiana  CNN  -- Thousands of protesters clogged the tiny town of Jena , Louisiana , Thursday to show their indignation over what they consider unjust , unequal punishments meted out in two racially charged incidents . Officers lead Al Sharpton , center , through Jena , Louisiana , during Thursday 's protest . They swarmed over the grounds of Jena High School , where nooses were hung from a tree in early August 2006 , about three months before six black teens known as the "  Jena 6 " were accused of beating a white classmate . While the tension was palpable , news broke Thursday afternoon that the 3rd Circuit Court of Appeal ordered a hearing within 72 hours to determine if the only one of the six still behind bars can be released . The order has "  got to be good , " Mychal Bell 's attorney , Bob Noel , told CNN . "  It means we have a day in court . Any day in court is going to be a good day . " Earlier , there was an aura of a pilgrimage at the site where the controversial tree once stood before school administrators had it removed . Many people touched the ground and some retrieved a lump of dirt , said CNN 's Eric Marrapodi . He said the part of the town he was in was ill-prepared for the crowds -- no water or toilets were available . In the background , groups shouted "  Black power " and "  No justice , no peace . " The estimated 15000 to 20,000 demonstrators shut down the town of 3,000 in central Louisiana . Many residents left for the day , and government agencies , businesses and schools were closed . Sgt. Tim Ledet of the Louisiana State Police said protesters in buses were still bringing people to town at midday because of the gridlock , but many protesters got off and walked into town on foot . "  There is just no room to maneuver in this small town , " he said . Jena resident Terry Adams disagreed with any accusations that there might be a black-white divide in the area . "  We are not a racial town . We get along with each other , we get along fine . This is something that got out of proportion . It really has . " Jena 's racial tensions were aggravated in August 2006 , when three white teens hung the nooses the day after a group of black students received permission from school administrators to sit under the tree -- a place where white students normally congregated . The guilty students were briefly suspended from classes , despite the principal 's recommendation they be expelled , according to Donald Washington , U.S. attorney for the Western District of Louisiana . A member of the LaSalle Parish School Board -- which had a role in supporting suspension instead of expulsion -- insisted the board is not prejudiced . The panel felt it took the appropriate action , Jonny Fryar said . "  I talked to one of the parents , who called me and said their son thought it was a prank and naive to the fact of what it meant and he was sorry , " he said . "  I hate to see people label us as something we are not . Because we have black students and white students playing football together . They shake hands , get along . This is an unfortunate incident . We hope that the community can heal . " Although Washington acknowledged the FBI and other investigators thought the noose incident bore the markings of a hate crime , a decision was made not to press federal charges because the case did n't meet federal criteria . The students were under 18 and had no prior records , and no group such as a Ku Klux Klan was found to be behind their actions . On December 4 , about three months after the nooses were discovered , six teens , dubbed the Jena 6 , were accused of beating classmate Justin Barker . The six -- Mychal Bell , Robert Bailey Jr. , Carwin Jones , Bryant Purvis , Theo Shaw and Jesse Ray Beard -- were originally charged with attempted second-degree murder and conspiracy , according to LaSalle Parish District Attorney Reed Walters . Bell , the only one of the six who remains in jail , was to be sentenced Thursday after convictions for aggravated second-degree battery and conspiracy to do the same , but both charges have been vacated , awaiting further action by the district attorney . Charges for Bailey , Jones and Shaw also were reduced to battery and conspiracy when they were arraigned , while Purvis still awaits arraignment . The charges for Beard , who was 14 at the time of the alleged crime , are unavailable because he 's a juvenile . Tina Jones , Purvis ' mother , condemned Walters . "  I hope that the D.A. will wake up and realize that he 's doing the wrong thing , and to release these kids , " she said . "  It 's not equal . The black people get the harsher extent of the law , whereas white people get a slap on the wrist per se . So it is not equal here . " Jones maintained that her son was not involved in the beating , but watched from a railing , and was not arrested that same day . "  We have a long fight ahead of us , and we 'll keep fighting until justice prevails in Jena , " the mother said . Purvis , who accompanied her , was asked how he 's faring . "  I 'm doing pretty good . I hope there is a pretty good outcome of what 's taking place today , " he said . Watch an interview with one of the Jena 6 and his mom " President Bush , who was asked about the rally at a news conference , said , "  The events in Louisiana have saddened me . I understand the emotions . The Justice Department and the FBI are monitoring the situation down there . "  All of us in America want there to be fairness when it comes to justice . " He advised whoever is elected next year to "  reach out to the African-American community . " Hundreds of college students from historically black schools such as Howard University in Washington traveled to Jena , along with civil rights activists such as Al Sharpton and the Rev. Jesse Jackson , who helped organize the event . Martin Luther King III also attended , saying , "  This is about justice for the six young men . " Sharpton called Jena the beginning of the 21st century civil rights movement . "  There 's a Jena in every state , " Jackson told the crowd in Jena on Thursday morning . JoAnn Scales , who brought her three teenage children on a two-day bus journey from Los Angeles , California , to Jena , made the same point . "  The reason I brought my children is because it could have been one of them " involved in an incident like the one in Jena . "  If this can happen to them -LSB- the Jena 6 -RSB- , it can happen to anyone , " Scales said . Ondra Hathaway was on the bus with Scales . "  If this young man -LSB- Bell -RSB- was railroaded to do time as an adult , how many more people has that happened to ? " she said . Jackson said on CNN 's "  American Morning " on Thursday that the charges against the black youths , their possible jail terms if convicted and their bail amounts are "  excessive . " Punishing the teens with probation would have been sufficient , Jackson said . Bails for the Jena 6 were between $ 70,000 and $ 138,000 , and all but Bell have posted bond . Bell , 17 , has been in prison since his arrest . The judge has refused to lower his $ 90,000 bail , citing Bell 's record , which includes four juvenile offenses -- two simple battery charges among them . Bell was 16 at the time of the attack ; 17 is the legal adult age in Louisiana . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Susan Roesgen , Tony Harris , Kyra Philips , Eric Marrapodi and Eliott McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Third Circuit Court of Appeal orders hearing within 72 hours on teen 's fate NEW : Police estimate up to 20,000 protesters in Jena , population 3,000 Crowds touch ground where oak tree from which nooses were hung once stood Jena 6 is a group of teens charged with beating a white classmate
ORLANDO , Florida  CNN  -- Authorities cordoned off the home of missing toddler Caylee Anthony 's grandparents on Thursday , hours after the remains of a small child were found nearby . Investigators have sealed off the Anthony home , which shows a large Caylee poster . The sheriff 's office in Orange County , Florida , said it is seeking a warrant to search the home of George and Cindy Anthony . Sheriff Kevin Beary said the home has been secured "  pending more investigation . " The house has the "  possibility of being more of a crime scene later , " he added . A child 's skull was found at about 9:30 a.m. by a utility meter reader who alerted authorities , sheriff 's spokesman Jim Solomons said . Investigators , including those from the Anthony case , rushed to the scene , he added . Watch investigators swarm the scene " CNN affiliate WFTV reported that the meter reader picked up a plastic bag at the site and a skull fell out . The remains have been removed by the medical examiner and will be sent to the FBI lab at Quantico , Virginia , Sheriff Beary said . The agency has told its lab analysts that the case is top priority , Beary added . "  If they have to work through the weekend , they 'll work through the weekend . " "  Bottom line , it 's real simple , folks , " Beary said . "  We 've recovered this human skull , it appears to be that of a small child , and now the investigation continues . We 've got a lot of lab work to do , a lot of DNA work to do , a lot of crime scene work to do . We could be here all night . " Watch the sheriff talk about what needs to be done " Prosecutors have asked police not to disclose many details surrounding the discovery , Beary said . Caylee Anthony , 3 , has been missing since June in a case that has received national attention . Casey Anthony , the child 's 22-year-old mother , was charged last month with murder and other offenses . She is being held at the Orange County Jail . The area where the remains were found had been searched as part of the investigation into Caylee 's disappearance , he said . But the precise spot where a county meter reader found them -- "  45 , 50 , 60 feet back " from the street -- was flooded at the time of the search . No clothes were found with the remains , Beary said . Asked whether the remains could belong to another child , Beary said , "  Not that we know of , but that 's always a possibility , and that 's why we 've got a lot of work to do on this case still . " Earlier , authorities said the Anthony family had been notified of the discovery . The remains were found "  in very close proximity " to the Anthony home , Solomons said . View a map of where the remains were found " An attorney for Casey Anthony filed legal papers Thursday afternoon seeking a court order to preserve all evidence collected , and to permit the defense to conduct its own forensic testing . A hearing has been scheduled for Friday morning . In a court hearing earlier Thursday , 9th Circuit Judge Stan Strickland postponed Casey Anthony 's trial at the request of defense attorney Jose Baez . The attorney said he had not received all the evidence due him from prosecutors and was not ready to proceed with the January 5 trial . Baez asked Strickland whether the trial could be delayed until March . The judge scheduled a hearing January 15 to consider a new trial date as well as a possible change of venue . Casey Anthony remains in protective custody and has no contact with other inmates , corrections officials said . "  She has been seen by a Corrections Health Services psychologist and her status was reviewed , " officials said in a statement , adding Anthony was under psychological observation -- which is not the same as suicide watch . Baez arrived at the jail just before noon Thursday and stayed about an hour and a half , officials said . Prosecutors said this month that they would not seek the death penalty against Casey Anthony . If convicted of murder , she could be sentenced to life in prison . Authorities have said Casey Anthony waited about a month before telling her family that Caylee was gone . Cindy Anthony -- Caylee 's grandmother and Casey Anthony 's mother -- called the Orange County sheriff 's office July 15 , saying her daughter would not tell her where Caylee was . When questioned , Casey Anthony gave conflicting statements to police , including some that were later disproved , according to hundreds of documents and investigative reports released in the case . She claimed that she dropped Caylee off with a baby-sitter , but when police checked out her story , they learned that the address Casey Anthony supplied belonged to an apartment that had been vacant for weeks . The woman Casey Anthony named as her baby-sitter told police she did not know her . Investigators have said that cadaver dogs picked up the scent of death in Anthony 's car , as well as in her parents ' backyard . They also said air quality tests conducted by the FBI found evidence consistent with human decomposition and chloroform in the car 's trunk . A neighbor told police Anthony had asked to borrow a shovel . Also , an analysis of Anthony 's computer found that she had visited Web sites discussing chloroform and had done Internet searches on missing children , according to information released in the case . "  There is n't a motive , and they have n't found a motive , " Cindy Anthony said Wednesday night on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " Watch Cindy Anthony insist her daughter is innocent " She added , "  They told us they thought it was an accident , and she 's scared and tried to cover it up . They do n't feel there 's a motive . " Cindy Anthony stressed that five searches for the girl 's body have "  come up with nothing . There 's nothing that they have found that , you know , has given them any evidence that Caylee is no longer with us . " The Anthonys said they believe that the girl is still alive and that someone has her , noting several reports of sightings . Last month , Strickland denied prosecutors ' request to impose a gag order in Anthony 's case , saying he could not state that continued publicity would pose a threat to her trial or even that a gag order would stem the flood of media attention . CNN 's John Couwels and "  Nancy Grace " producer Natisha Lance contributed to this story .	NEW : Police to search home of Caylee Anthony 's grandparents Child 's remains found nearby on Thursday morning Affiliate reports that child 's skull fell from plastic trash bag when found Utilility worker found remains in bag in area once underwater
Editor 's note : Michael A. Olivas is the William B. Bates Distinguished Chair in Law at the University of Houston Law Center and director of the university 's Institute for Higher Education Law and Governance . He is the editor of "  Colored Men And Hombres Aquí : Hernandez V. Texas and the Emergence of Mexican American Lawyering , " and is a member of the board of the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund . Michael Olivas says Sonia Sotomayor 's nomination affirms that Latinos matter in America . CNN  -- I recently saw an old episode of "  West Wing , " where Edward James Olmos , playing a fictional Puerto Rican federal judge , was nominated to become the first Latino on the U.S. Supreme Court . I cried , thinking how remote this possibility seemed , yet how close . Now that Judge Sonia Sotomayor has been nominated by President Barack Obama to the Court , that episode finally rings true . When I heard the news , I wept , for the long-overdue acknowledgement that Latinos matter . Judge Sotomayor 's life and legal career are arcs possible only in this country : a hardscrabble life in a south Bronx housing project , educational opportunities made possible by her own intelligence and hard work , and a legal career devoted to public service . When she assumes her position on the bench in October , no other justice will have had the depth of legal experience she holds , and none will have served as a trial judge . The sum of her life is exactly what we should look for on this court : excellent academic credentials , an accomplished legal career in private and government practice , and appointments to federal benches by Republican and Democrat presidents . Her decisions have been well-reasoned and well-written , and she will ably take her place on the Supreme Court bench . The search for a justice with "  empathy " is no less coded than is the traditional search for "  judicial temperament " and a person who will "  judge , not legislate . " All nominees have the requisite merit badges , as does Judge Sotomayor . And to make their way to such a short list , all have the combination of personal and professional lives that warrant their consideration . What Sonia Sotomayor will have , as few other candidates , is the additional weight of historical expectations and the hopes of Latinos . In today 's culture , Latinos are marginalized and demonized and feared . In Judge Sotomayor 's New York , roving gangs of thugs go "  beaner hunting , " looking to harm undocumented Mexicans . Such racial hatred knows no nuance , as one such mob killed a permanent resident Ecuadorian , thinking him to be Mexican . Vigilantes along the Mexican border have taken the law of enforcement into their own hands . In cultural programming , this community is described as either lazy and shiftless , or stealing jobs from real Americans . They are typecast as drogeros or maids , long characterized as banditos or greasers . The racial rhetoric against Latinos has been tolerated for too long on cable television news and in political and polite discourse . I will be carefully watching the confirmation hearings for the coded political messages , knowing that Justice-elect Sotomayor 's many merits will ultimately win her confirmation . But also watching will be little girls in a south Bronx housing project , in the valley of South Texas , and in rural New Mexico . Her service on our country 's highest court will be the evidence that they , too , have reason to hope and to achieve . All of this country 's citizens should realize that it is not just Latinos ' dreams being realized , but our collective accomplishment . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Olivas .	Michael Olivas : Judge Sonia Sotomayor 's nomination is a historic moment He says she has the personal and professional qualificiations to be confirmed Olivas : In American culture , Latinos are marginalized and feared He says Sotomayor 's nomination sends an important message of hope
Paris  CNN  -- The conversation between space cadet and world leader had a simple purpose : To make an ill teenager happy . That 's how South African space tourist and software entrepreneur Mark Shuttleworth remembers the day he spoke to Nelson Mandela , the hero of South Africa 's anti-apartheid struggle , who died last week aged 95 . "  He brought a little girl with him who was very ill , it was such a classic Mandela move , " Shuttleworth told CNN during tech conference LeWeb , being held in Paris . "  Lots of people wanted to be on the phone with a space cadet and I get the impression that for many of them it was about the spotlight being on them , whereas for Madiba  Mandela 's tribal name  the most wonderful thing for him was about making this little girl 's wish come true . " Michelle Foster , 14 , was terminally ill with cancer and through the Reach for the Dream foundation had been able to meet Mandela and later link through satellite to Shuttleworth in space . Foster died less than a month after she 'd spoken to him . Shuttleworth , who founded software company Canonical , recalled the conversation ahead of Mandela 's state funeral Sunday , the conclusion of 10 official days of mourning . Mandela 's lasting lesson , Shuttleworth said , is that people should "  find the Madiba in our counterpart . "  Even good societies , societies filled with good people can end up in very dark places , " he said . "  We should focus on the rules of society and the norms of society and make sure those are n't ripe for abuse . " There could even be lessons for dealing with terrorist organizations , like al Qaeda , Shuttleworth said . "  Do n't tell me there is n't somebody in every institution who does n't have the capacity to transcend the mess they 've got themselves into . " Shuttleworth 's conversation with Mandela was in 2002 , when space tourism was in its infancy and only two paying guests had gone into orbit . Shuttleworth reportedly paid $ 20 million to travel with Russian cosmonaut Yuri Gidzenko and spend a short time at the International Space Station . A decade later , Richard Branson 's Virgin 's Galactic is one several companies pushing to make space tourism a reality . Meanwhile , Shuttleworth predicts , the world will see first "  the first commercial suborbital flights in the new two years ... and I think we will see a partly commercial interplanetary flight in the next 10 years . " Eventually , humans will move beyond earth , he said . "  I think our destiny is in the stars ... there is probably a habitable planet out there within 15 light years of us . " That , he adds , is "  in our neighborhood . " "  The galaxy is around 100,000 light years across so 15 light years is very little . It may take us a couple hundred years to achieve that but look back a couple of years and you 're at the rebuilding of Paris , so I think this is the sort of timescale we should be dreaming in . " Read more : Ray Kurzweil on your future Back on Earth , Shuttleworth 's company has signed its first deal with a phone hardware partner to use its operating system , Ubuntu . Shuttleworth wo n't give details yet -- it 's expected to be made public in 2014 -- but says it 's a step forward from the company 's work with personal computers and could eventually position it to compete with the likes of Android . While the operating system market is dominated by giants such as Google and Apple , Shuttleworth sees opportunity in "  convergence , " when all mobile devices run seamlessly from one set-up . Read more Le Web : Yahoo 's teen genius Read more Le Web : Siri says ` dump him ' ? Read more Le Web : From big screen to your screen	Software entrepreneur Mark Shuttleworth spoke to Nelson Mandela from space in 2002 He says the anti-apartheid icon taught humankind how to search for the good in others Shuttleworth 's company is behind open software operating system Ubuntu He is hoping to compete with the likes of Google with plans for "  convergence " across mobile
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Saudi Prince and billionaire Al-Waleed bin Talal says he will build the world 's tallest building , planned to be over a kilometer  3,281 feet  high . The tower will be built in the Saudi town of Jeddah and will be part of a larger project that will cost $ 26.7 billion ,  100 billion Saudi riyals  said the Prince 's firm , Kingdom Holding Company . The planned Kingdom City project will be taller than Burj Dubai tower which is the world 's tallest man-made structure . The project , entitled Kingdom City , will span 23 million square meters  248 million square feet  and will include luxury homes , hotels and offices . The booming city of Dubai in the United Arab Emirates has also joined the skyscraper race . While the ever-growing Burj Dubai is already the tallest man-made structure in the world , the Nakheel Tower is set to go even higher . Developers suggest the finished building will be at least 1 km tall . While in Europe , Paris is leading the skyscraper revolution -- plans for a 50-story building have been given the green light , which will make it the first skyscraper to be built in the city for 30 years . These buildings are part of a new generation of innovative , exciting skyscrapers set to appear all over the world over the next 10 years . View the future skyscrapers " Some truly mind-blowing structures are being planned for the Middle East . Hot on its heels , the Burj Mubarak Al Kabir , proposed for the planned ` City of Silk ' in Kuwait , could also break the 1000-meter barrier . While they may be mere midgets compared to the mega structures of the Middle East , Russia Tower in Moscow and the Okhta Center Tower in St Petersburg promise to provide some stunning eye candy . Spiraling its way through the Chicago skyline , the Chicago Spire will have a striking corkscrew design , while a gleaming Freedom Tower is to be the highlight of the rebuilt World Trade Center . And proving the skyscraper renaissance is a global phenomenon there are stylish giants planned for Panama , Pakistan and South Korea . Anouk Lorie also contributed to this report	A new generation of skyscrapers are being planned for cities around the world Nakheel Tower and Kingdom City will reach over a kilometer in height In Paris , a law limiting building height has been overturned to allow skyscrapers In the U.S. the Chicago Spire and Freedom Tower have spectacular designs
The New York Police Department , the largest police force in the United States , announced Tuesday that it has received funding to equip close to 20,000 officers with naloxone , a heroin antidote that can instantly reverse the effects of an overdose . State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman declared that his office would provide the funding of more than $ 1.1 million to equip and train the NYPD officers as part of the Community Overdose Prevention Program . "  By providing NYPD police officers with naloxone , we are making this stunningly effective overdose antidote available in every corner of the five boroughs . This program will literally save lives , " Schneiderman said at a press conference . Each naloxone kit consists of a zip bag or pouch containing two pre-filled syringes of naloxone , two atomizers for nasal administration , sterile gloves and a booklet on the use of the drug , according to a statement from Schneiderman 's office . The emergency treatment works like the well-known EpiPen -- an epinephrine auto-injector for serious allergic reactions -- as it is injected into the muscle and does not require training , making it more user-friendly . Once injected , the naloxone stops heroin and other opioids from slowing a person 's breathing down to the point that it stops . The FDA approved the prescription treatment after just 15 weeks under priority status . Currently , most law enforcement agencies are using the nasal spray version of the antidote , which is slightly different than the auto-injector . How heroin kills you "  A recent pilot project in Staten Island has already proven effective with several overdose victims , " said NYPD Commissioner William Bratton , who did not have an exact time frame of when the officers would officially be equipped . The training for each officer takes roughly 45 minutes , Bratton said . Joining Schneiderman and Bratton at the announcement was Carol Christiansen , co-founder of Drug Crisis in Our Backyard . Christiansen 's son , a former NYPD detective , died of a heroin overdose in 2012 . Erik , 28 , injured his back at the gym and became addicted to oxycodone for the pain , which led to an eventual addiction to heroin . "  It 's an epidemic I think everybody should be aware of , " Christiansen said , who believes the real problem is the poor monitoring of prescription medication . Schneiderman also led the effort to pass legislation to create I-STOP , a monitoring program that prevents individuals from going from doctor to doctor to accumulate multiple prescriptions . "  If the I-STOP law was in effect over two years ago possibly my son , Erik , would be alive today , " Christiansen said . The police department of Quincy , Massachusetts , was the first in the nation to require its officers to carry naloxone and has successfully reversed 211 overdoses with a success rate of over 95 % . In New York 's Suffolk County , 563 lives were saved last year alone , the statement said . "  Equipping the NYPD with naloxone is a tremendously important step in the fight against New York 's growing opioid addiction epidemic , " said Dr. Andrew Kolodny , chief medical officer of Phoenix House in Manhattan . Attorney General Eric Holder vows to fight rising heroin deaths The heroin epidemic , and the antidote for overdose Long Island sees exploding heroin use	The NYPD will equip nearly 20,000 officers with naloxone , a heroin antidote Attorney General Eric Schneiderman will provide at least $ 1,170,000 "  This program will literally save lives , " said Schneiderman Naloxone prevents heroin from slowing a person 's breathing
Seattle  CNN  -- A suspect in the attempted bombing of a Martin Luther King Jr. . Day parade frequently posted his beliefs on white supremacist websites , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center , which monitors hate groups . According to the Law Center , in 2004 Kevin Harpham posted , "  I ca n't wait till the day I snap , " on the Vanguard News Network online forums , a white supremacist site . "  Who was the person during WW2 that said something like  sic  . Those who say you ca n't win a war by bombing have never tried , " another posting purportedly by Harpham read , according to the Law Center . On the Vanguard website , which advertises itself as "  No Jews . Just Right , " Harpham posted over 1,000 comments , according to the Law Center . Although the posts did not carry Harpham 's name directly , Law Center officials said they had come to know him by his writing , and recognized his work as it appeared on line . "  He 'd been on our radar screen for some years , " said Mark Potok , director of the Southern Poverty Law Center 's Intelligence Project . "  He was n't a major character but we were aware of him . " Harpham was arrested Wednesday outside his home in Addy , Washington , about 55 miles from Spokane , where on January 17 a bomb was found along the route of the city 's Martin Luther King Jr. . Day parade . A bomb squad rendered the device inert . Officials called the situation an instance "  of domestic terrorism " that could have caused "  mass casualties . " An official briefed by law enforcement but not allowed to speak to the media regarding the investigation said the bomb was "  chilling " in its sophistication . The bomb contained anti-coagulant chemical agents intended to make anyone wounded by the blast "  bleed out , " the official said . The bomb was surrounded by metal shrapnel and designed to go off by remote control , the official said . Roger Peven , a court-appointed attorney for Harpham , said he had no comment on the internet postings and had not decided on a plea for his client , who , he said , is unemployed . "  It 's too early , " he said , "  We are awaiting to see what the grand jury does . " A grand jury is expected to hear evidence in the case on March 22 , the day before the next court hearing is set for Harpham . He has been charged with the attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction and possession of an unregistered explosive device . A conviction for attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment and a $ 250,000 fine , according to prosecutors . The attempted bombing was an unwelcome reminder for many residents of the region 's past with white supremacist and neo-Nazi groups . "  It was called ` the Northwest imperative , ' " said the Southern Poverty Law Center 's Potok , "  It was a call to other white supremacists to move to the Pacific Northwest and populate the area with their own people . A nation within a nation . As ludicrous as that sounds , hundreds of white supremacists moved to the area and many still remain to this day . " Many of the postings the Southern Poverty Law Center cited Harpham as writing on white supremacist websites were written under the pseudonym "  Joe Snuffy , " military slang for a low-ranking soldier . Harpham served in the U.S. Army at Fort Lewis from June 1996 to February 1999 as a fire-support specialist in the 1st Battalion , 37th Field Artillery Regiment , according to a release from Joint Base Lewis-McChord . "  He would have had to fire rounds down range , " base spokesman Joseph Piek said . "  That 's a long way to allegedly making bombs . " But postings that the Southern Poverty Law Center said Harpham authored alluded to his Army service . "  This could be a long story but to make it short I went in the army in 96 ' and learned that n ----- were an entirely different critter than I had thought they were , " said a 2007 post by "  Joe Snuffy , " posted on the Vanguard site . "  I realized I was at war and did n't even know it . "	The Southern Poverty Law Center monitors hate groups A Center official says Kevin Harpham had been on the center 's "  radar " for years Harpham frequently posted his beliefs on white supremacist websites , the center says Harpham is charged in an attempted bombing in Spokane on Martin Luther King Jr. . Day
CNN  -- Think you have to pay a lot for a Valentine 's gift this year ? Spare a thought for romantics in Bangkok , Thailand , where florists charge $ 45 for just one rose . Bangkok , Hong Kong and Tokyo are some of the more expensive places in which to buy red roses for Valentine 's Day , according to an informal price check by CNN on Thursday . A dozen premium Dutch roses cost a whopping $ 487 in the Thai capital Thursday . In Hong Kong , a dozen roses cost $ 205 , and in Tokyo , they cost $ 120 . The price was much cheaper in China -- just $ 15 for a 12-stem bouquet of homegrown roses -- but buying a dozen is not the norm . In fact , there is a romantic meaning behind a whole range of numbers , giving Valentines a range of ways to profess their love . One rose means "  You 're the only one , " and three says "  I love you . " Sending 108 roses is equivalent to a marriage proposal , and 365 means "  I think of you every day . " And for $ 1,516 , Beijing shops were offering a total of 999 roses , which means "  We 'll be together forever . " Prices were cheaper elsewhere across Asia . In Jakarta , Indonesia , and Seoul , South Korea , a dozen roses were going for $ 60 at florist shops Thursday . A similar bouquet in Delhi , India , cost only $ 9 . By far the cheapest prices of the informal survey were in Nairobi , Kenya , where 22 roses -- nearly two dozen -- cost about $ 2.50 . That 's because Kenya is a major rose producer and horticultural exporter . In 2008 , the value of Kenyan flower exports was nearly $ 500 million , according to the Kenya Flower Council . The country shipped more than 93,000 tons of flowers that year , and annual growth has averaged more than 10 % for the past six years . Almost all of Kenya 's flower exports -- 97 % -- are to Europe , the council says . But if it was Kenyan roses they were selling Thursday at London 's Liberty department store , the cheap prices were n't filtering down to consumers . Liberty was sold out of red roses Thursday and other colors were costing between $ 58 and $ 96 per dozen . The United States imports more than 80 % of its Valentine 's Day roses , primarily from Colombia and Ecuador , according to the Society of American Florists . The vast majority of the rest come from California . The reason so many come from abroad has to do with weather and timing , the society said . Growers need 50 to 70 days to produce enough roses for Valentine 's Day after the demand for red roses at Christmas is filled . Winter 's shorter daylight hours and higher energy costs hamper efforts to grow large rose crops . Plus , in order to grow a single long-stemmed rose -- a Valentine 's Day favorite -- growers have to nip off several rosebuds along the stem , reducing the total number of roses they can grow , the society said . The average Valentine 's Day price for a dozen florist-arranged , long-stemmed roses in the United States is just above $ 73 , according to the Society of American Florists . At other times of the year , it 's just more than $ 59 .	Bangkok , Thailand , has some of the most expensive Valentine 's roses The cheapest were found in India and China Europe and the United States import many of their roses
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The number of deaths in Sudan 's Darfur region since 2006 may have been underestimated by as much as 50 percent , the U.N. undersecretary-general for humanitarian affairs said Tuesday . An man injured in clashes with tribal fighters outside the African Union Mission in southern Darfur in 2007 . In March , international figures , including U.N. data , put the death toll in Darfur at 200,000 , with another 2.5 million people displaced . But 300,000 are believed to have died in the tribal conflict in the past two years , said John Holmes , who also is the United Nations emergency relief coordinator . Holmes said that sexual violence has increased and that food allotments for civilians affected by the civil war will be halved in a few days . Holmes gave the U.N. Security Council an update on conditions in the western Sudan region , revisiting a report he gave a year ago . "  I am sad to say that the humanitarian situation remains as grim today as it was then , if not more so , " he said . In 2008 , 100,000 civilians have fled their homes , many not for the first time . The Darfur conflict began five years ago , when ethnic African tribesmen took up arms , complaining of decades of neglect and discrimination by the Sudanese government . Sudan 's Arab-dominated government is accused of responding by unleashing tribal militias known as Janjaweed , which are said to have committed the worst atrocities against Darfur 's local communities . There also have been intra-rebel and tribal clashes , Holmes added . He blamed the military arm of the Justice and Equality Movement faction of the Sudan Liberation Movement for the most recent round of violence , and he accused the government of using "  disproportionate force " and failing to differentiate between civilians and rebels in their response . "  Darfur today is still characterized by insecurity , lawlessness and impunity , " he said . "  A particularly worrying feature is evidence of high levels of sexual violence and exploitation in the northern corridor of west Darfur over the past two months . " This is shown by the increased number of women and girls seeking treatment after sexual brutality , Holmes said . The World Food Programme announced last week that it will have to cut back its food distributions in May , partly because of attacks on convoys that reduced the amount of supplies they can get through , Holmes said . Six aid workers have been killed this year , and 42 humanitarian posts have been attacked . The supply line also is hurt by soaring food prices : The price of staples such as millet has doubled since April 2007 , Holmes said . While expressing gratitude to the Sudanese government for improved cooperation under various agreements , Holmes said there still is no physical access to internally displaced persons and some other groups . He said he was "  saddened and angry " that after five years , there has been no lasting solution to the suffering . He made several recommendations to the government , including disbanding the Janjaweed , providing security for citizens , ending impunity for criminals and shouldering more of the financial burden for humanitarian aid . Holmes also said rebels must stop their attacks against people and humanitarian convoys . E-mail to a friend	In March , death toll in Darfur given as 200,000 ; 2.5 million people displaced U.N. official now says that figure is closer to 300,000 dead since 2006 Official reports that sexual violence has increased , food rations hurt in region Darfur conflict began five years ago when ethnic African tribesmen took up arms
CNN  -- If the word "  club " conjures images of ear-shattering music , dense smoke and multiple charges of FUI  Flirting Under the Influence  , consider this article an aspiration setter . The private members club is an elite place , soaked in prestige and exclusivity . Servicing only a small , select group of people , attaining membership is n't easy . And that 's precisely the point . "  Most maintain their exclusiveness through an application process that begins with recommendations by at least two current members followed by an approval by the club 's committee , " says Vincent Lai , managing director of concierge service Quintessentially Lifestyle , Greater China . "  Those who are invited fulfill certain requirements , they usually have economic capital but most importantly they carry a lot of social clout , " he adds . "  Membership allows one to dine , drink and play at a city 's most exclusive addresses , with excellent facilities and usually a late license . The cache of knowing you 've been let in -- that 's always a big attraction , " says Emyr Thomas , director of Bon Vivant concierge service . There are more exclusive clubs than these , such as The Giga Society , a high IQ club that is , in theory , only open to one in 1 billion people . But this is a selection of some of the world 's most exclusive clubs that do n't require mammoth brains , special educational histories or other fortuitous qualifications . Though for some a fat wallet would be advantageous . CORE  New York Fees : $ 50,000 registration fee + $ 15,000 per year Members include former Yahoo CEO Jerry Yang , Roger Waters of Pink Floyd and fashion designer Kenneth Cole . CORE , 66 East 55th Street , Manhattan , New York , United States ; +1 212 486 6600 Cercle de Lorraine  Brussels , Belgium Fees :  $ 1,750  $ 2,414 registration fee +  $ 1,507  $ 2,078 per year Offers excellent networking opportunities with heads of industries , royalty and Europe 's most powerful economic influencers . Cercle de Lorraine , Wolstraat 23 , Brussels , Belgium ; +32 2 374 6525 The Hurlingham Club  London Fees : Undisclosed King Edward VII went pigeon shooting here . The club provides its members with first class social and sporting facilities . However , you 'll probably have to wait 15 years for a current member to resign or pass on before you can become a non-voting member , then another 15 years before being considered for voting membership . The Hurlingham Club , Ranelagh Gardens , London ; +44 20 7610 7400 Silencio  Paris Fees :  $ 1,620  $ 2,235 per year inclusive of deluxe concierge service . This cultural club dedicated to artistic events and concerts has a strict members recruiting policy , only accepting creative types who have shown a strong commitment to their professional fields . How that 's evaluated , we 're not sure . Silencio , 142 Rue Montmartre , Paris ; +33 1 40 13 12 33 The Clubhouse  Buenos Aires Fees : $ 750 per year A haven for sophisticated jet-setting party people , this club has gorgeous hotel rooms , a great steak restaurant and original works by Andy Warhol . The Clubhouse , Palermo Soho , Buenos Aires ; +54 11 4832 5276 Blacks  London Fees : # 400  $ 672  registration fee + # 395  $ 663  per year Membership is by invitation only . In April 2014 , the waiting period for consideration of membership was eight months . Blacks , 67 Dean Street , London ; +44 20 7287 3381 Capital Club  Dubai , U.A.E. Fees : Undisclosed The premier private business club in the Middle East , membership is by invite only and applicants must be recommended by two present club members . Many global business deals have been signed here . Capital Club , Gate Village 2 , Dubai International Financial Centre , U.A.E. ; +971 4 364 0111 Kee Club  Hong Kong Fees : HK$ 20,000  $ 2,579  per year for annual membership ; HK$ 50,000  $ 6,448  for lifetime membership . Members usually join through referrals , and once in , get access to exclusive events with celebrities such as Bill Clinton , Sting , Michael Jordan , Gwyneth Paltrow , Christian Louboutin , Mick Jagger , Chow Yun Fat or Joel Robuchon in attendance . Kee Club , 32 Wellington Street , Central , Hong Kong ; +852 2810 9000 Roppongi Hills Club  Tokyo Fees : ¥ 1.2 million  $ 11,697  registration fee + ¥ 180,000  $ 1,755  per year + ¥ 500,000  $ 4,874  refundable deposit on withdrawal of membership . Offers a 360-degree view of Tokyo from a 250-meter-high perspective . Members include business and political leaders as well as ambassadors from more than 100 countries . Roppongi Hills Club , 51F , Roppongi Hills Mori Tower , 6-10-1 Roppongi , Minato-ku , Tokyo ; +81 3 6406 6000 The Club at The Ivy  London Fees : # 500  $ 840  registration fee + # 1,200  $ 2,015  per year A great spot for celebrity spotting , members include George Michael , Elton John and Tom Cruise . David and Victoria Beckham had their engagement party here . The Club at The Ivy , 1-5 West Street , London ; +44 20 7836 4751 Michele Koh Morollo is a freelance writer covering travel , fashion and lifestyle topics in publications around the world .	Private membership clubs offer places to network with the world 's most influential -- for a price Membership can take years , and often requires recommendations from existing club members Registration fees top $ 50,000 at New York 's CORE
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A sculpture of a giant white horse taller than the Statue of Liberty is set to tower over the countryside as part of an unusual scheme to help revive the fortunes of a depressed region of England . The 50-meter high horse will dominate the landscape around Ebbsfleet . The 50-meter equine artwork was Tuesday announced as the winner of a competition to design a landmark to dominate the skyline of the Ebbsfleet Valley , set to be a new stop on the Eurostar London-to-Paris rail link . Designed by artist Mark Wallinger -- whose previous work has included dressing in a bear suit and wandering around a gallery in Berlin -- the # 2 million  $ 3 million  horse will be one of the largest artworks in the UK . Wallinger 's horse -- which echoes ancient white horse symbols carved into hillsides around Britain -- beat a shortlist of designs that included a tower of stacked cubes and giant steel nest . Victoria Pomery , head of the panel that selected the design , described the 33-times normal size horse as "  outstanding . " "  Mark is a superb artist of world renown and his sculpture will become a real landmark for Ebbsfleet Valley and the whole region , " she said . It drew a less favorable response from readers of local Web site Kentnews.com , who described it as a "  waste of money , " an "  abomination " and "  depressing . " One correspondent , Andy Smith , added : "  This horse looks extremely silly . "	Giant horse announced as winner of competition to design new landmark Equine artwork is brainchild of conceptual artist Mark Wallinger Design 's selectors describe sculpture as "  outstanding , " critics say it 's "  silly "
New York  CNN  -- A peacock that had escaped from the Central Park Zoo returned home on its own Wednesday morning , the Wildlife Conservation Society told CNN . The peacock flew home at 6:45 a.m. and was safe , the society said . "  We have recovered the peacock as anticipated this morning when it flew home at sunrise back into the Central Park Zoo , " Zoo Director Jeff Sailer said . "  A thorough understanding of the peacock 's natural behavior allowed for the successful planning of its recovery . " The peacock wandered from the zoo in Manhattan on Tuesday , said Mary Dixon , society spokeswoman . The bird made its way to a Fifth Avenue apartment building near the park and perched on a third-floor windowsill , but it was n't there on Wednesday morning . Zoo officials had encouraged onlookers to avoid following or harassing the peacock . They say the runaway posed no danger to the public . Zoo officials did not say how the bird escaped or what type of enclosure he was in . According to the zoo 's website , peafowl are kept in the Tisch Children 's zoo , which is described as a "  walk-through wildlife adventure . " The notorious peacock drummed up more than 340 followers on its @CentralPeacock Twitter feed . The Central Park escapee comes after a peahen -- the female counterpart to a peacock -- fled the Bronx Zoo in May . In March , a cobra disappeared from its Bronx Zoo pen for five days .	The peacock returned on its own to the Central Park Zoo early Wednesday The return occurred "  as anticipated , " zoo director says The zoo had asked people not to hurt the bird
CNN  -- The global football transfer market is big business , with star players swapping countries , even continents to play for richer , more prestigious clubs . The exact figures involved in these transactions are often difficult to ascertain , but football 's world governing body , FIFA have introduced a system which allows the transfer market to be accurately tracked and analyzed . The Transfer Matching System  TMS  was first conceived in 2007 and was designed as a way of monitoring international transfers and ensuring FIFA 's regulations were adhered to . In 2009 , former Cameroon defender Jean-Joel Perrier-Doumbe became the first player to switch clubs using the TMS when he left Celtic in Scotland for French club Toulouse . And last week FIFA were able to release a full year 's worth of figures for the first time for international transfers conducted between January 1 to December 31 2011 . "  Thanks to TMS , football authorities have access for the first time to global , directly reported data on the transfer market , " read FIFA 's first annual Global Transfer Market release . "  As additional information is entered in the system and we continue to work to enhance the integrity and usability of the data , future editions will be able to provide unparalleled insight into the evolution of the global market for international football . " So , if you want to know how often an international transfer was made , the total amount spent on international transfers or the average wage of a footballer , check out the above gallery . Data from all 208 of FIFA 's member associations was collected . Some of the results may surprise you .	FIFA have released figures regarding international football transfers in 2011 The figures take into account players who moved between two different countries The numbers were gathered using the Transfer Matching System  TMS  , first introduced in 2009 TMS helps regulate international transfers and makes sure FIFA 's rules are adhered to
CNN  -- German logistics giant Deutsche Post said Monday it was cutting 9,500 jobs as part of a major program to restructure its loss-making DHL delivery service in the United States . DHL 's restructuring is expected to result in heavy job losses . Deutsche Post said it would discontinue its U.S. ground and air delivery operations based out of Wilmington , Ohio , following an outsourcing agreement with UPS . DHL Express will continue to operate between the United States and other nations , the company said in a statement . DHL 's 9,500 job cuts are on top of 5,400 job cuts announced earlier this year . The statement said DHL was shutting down all ground hubs and reducing its number of stations to 103 from 412 . The company said it was making the cuts to improve profitability and "  to prepare the company for the economic challenges ahead . " DHL Express is owned by the German company Deutsche Post World Net . Officials in Ohio had been hoping to prevent layoffs . State senator Sherrod Brown sent a letter Sunday to DHL Express Chief Executive Officer John Mullen and urged employment officials in Washington for emergency funds to assist workers and communities affected . In May , Deutsche Post announced plans to outsource air services with UPS . Brown says the plan would mean shutting down DHL 's hub in Wilmington and cutting at least 8,000 jobs . Brown testified at two congressional hearing this year that centered on the proposal . Prior to the announcement , Wilmington Mayor David Razik said he was preparing for the worst . "  Given the state of the economy and the world wide economic collapse we know it ca n't be good news , " he told CNN Sunday night . "  Freight is down significantly , DHL is losing customers , they have laid off sales personnel in other locations . We really think it 's certainly not going to be good for Wilmington . "	German owners of DHL announce 9,500 job cuts Owner Deutsche Post says U.S. air and ground operations to wind up Officials in Ohio had hoped to prevent job losses
CNN  -- Unable either to win the war in Ukraine by proxy or to retreat from the conflict because of the enormous blow a defeat would deliver to his regime 's legitimacy , Russian President Vladimir Putin appears to be sending in regular troops to attack Ukraine . The action is south of rebel-held Donetsk , which , until Russia 's heightened involvement this week , was on the verge of being retaken by the Ukrainian army . It is likely that in response to Russia 's escalation , the United States and European Union will contemplate more sanctions . The problem is that all the relatively "  painless " economic measures have already been taken . So both the U.S. and Europe are now left looking at actions that will hurt their own industries and financial institutions . Take the previous round of sanctions , which targeted only select Russian banks . This time , it may well have to be the entire Russian financial system : That is , U.S. and EU banks will have to sever relations with any bank that does business with their Russian counterparts . Another example : Previously , only future investments in technology and transfers to the Russian energy sector were banned . Now , the West may have to block the hundreds of billions of dollars in investment and equipment already in the "  pipeline " to Russia as a result of the pre-existing contracts between the Russian oil giant Rosneft and its Western counterparts . Moscow will undoubtedly fight in international courts to overrule such bans and will also likely retaliate by curtailing gas deliveries to Europe , just in time for winter . Never mind that energy exports are the backbone of the Russian treasury . As Putin has shown with the food import embargo , the regime is ready to harm its own people if necessary . Which brings us to the key problem with economic sanctions : They rarely work in the short , or even medium term . When a regime 's popularity or even legitimacy depends on staying the course  as it certainly does in the case of Ukraine  and with the patriotic hysteria and paranoia whipped up by state-controlled television , Moscow is likely to persist for a significant amount of time before sanctions show any effect . Western leaders should therefore not oversell the sanctions ' effectiveness . There is , however , something the West can do to change Putin 's mind much quicker , namely help Ukraine to win a just war against a foreign aggressor . Sending guns and bullets is not necessary -- Ukraine has enough . What Kiev needs is radar jamming and detection equipment to protect its planes from Russia 's anti-aircraft systems  the same kind that shot down the Malaysian Airliner  as well as purely defensive weapons such as anti-tank missiles and some intelligence sharing by the West , including satellite data . But perhaps just as important , as any weaker nation facing a much bigger aggressor can attest , the Ukrainians need moral support . And nothing will boost it more than effective gestures of battlefield solidarity . Of course , as noted earlier , retreat is not an option for Putin . This is only true , however , as long as Russian troops do not begin to sustain significant casualties . The memory of the Soviet war in Afghanistan is still very much alive in the minds of the fathers and mothers of today 's soldiers . And , unlike the 1980s , Moscow may not be able to engineer secret burials of zinc coffins welded shut , or force the relatives of the deceased to keep quiet . A video appeal by Russian mothers asking Putin to bring their sons back from the battlefield in Ukraine went viral just this week . One hopes , of course , that Russian soldiers will not have to die en masse for their commander in chief to adjust his policy . Providing military-to-military assistance to Ukraine seems to be the only way the West can help stop this war relatively quickly . The alternative is the taking of ever more Ukrainian and Russian lives -- with no end in sight .	Leon Aron : Unable to win by proxy or to retreat in Ukraine , it appears Putin sent troops He says U.S. , Europe mulling sanctions , but only ones left will also hurt own financial interests He says West can help Ukraine win by sending support like radar jamming technology Aron : If Russia sees casualties , Russian patriotic support for Putin , and war , will drop
CNN  -- The father of a missing Oregon boy is asking that his estranged wife be held in contempt of court for violating a restraining order against her , court documents filed Monday show . According to the documents filed in Multonamah County Circuit Court , Kaine Horman , the father of missing 7-year-old Kyron Horman , is alleging that Terri Horman leaked information from the sealed restraining order against her to Michael Cook , a high school classmate of her husband 's . The documents also allege that Terri Horman , Kyron 's stepmother , began a sexual affair with Cook after her stepson 's disappearance and that she attempted to "  abduct " her daughter from Kaine Horman . Kyron has been missing since June 4 . Terri Horman is the last person known to have seen him before he disappeared . Authorities have asked anyone who was at Kyron 's Portland elementary school that day if they saw Terri Horman after she told police she last saw him walking down the hall to his classroom . Kaine Horman abruptly moved out of the family home in late June , taking the couple 's 20-month-old daughter , Kiara , with him . He then filed for divorce from Terri Horman and was granted a restraining order June 28 . Portions of the restraining order were unsealed last week , however access to the address of Kaine Horman and Kiara remained restricted . In the restraining order , Kaine Horman alleges his wife knows what happened to Kyron . "  I believe respondent is involved in the disappearance of my son Kyron who has been missing since June 4 , " Horman wrote in his request for the order . "  I also recently learned that respondent attempted to hire someone to murder me . The police have provided me with probable cause to believe the above two statements to be true . " Monday 's court documents allege that Terri Horman violated the restraining order 's remaining restrictions by allowing Cook to photograph pages of the document , including Kaine Horman 's address . "  The search of Mr. Cook 's cell phone also revealed that a Google Maps search of the address was later performed by Mr. Cook , " the documents say . "  Mr. Cook told law enforcement when interviewed that he got the address from the paperwork , that he did an internet maps search for the address , but never went to  Kaine Horman 's  listed residence . " The documents say Kaine Horman had requested restricted access to the address information because of "  concerns about the investigation into the disappearance of his son , Kyron , and concerns about  Kaine Horman 's  personal safety and the safety of his children . " Monday 's documents also say law enforcement authorities told Kaine Horman 's attorney that his wife 's "  relationship concerns and sexual overtures to Mr. Cook resemble those made to the man  that Terri Horman  previously attempted to hire to murder " her husband . The alleged sexual relationship between Cook and Terri Horman began on or about June 30 after Kaine Horman had moved out of the family home , according to the documents . Law enforcement said the pair began exchanging text messages that included "  several photographs of  Terri Horman  in various stages of undress and graphic sexual activity , " according to the documents . The documents further allege that Terri Horman went by the gym where Kaine Horman works out "  looking to ` abduct ' her daughter , Kiara , from the gym daycare center , " citing a gym employee . CNN has reached out to Terri Horman 's attorney and Cook for comment and is awaiting a response . Cook told CNN affiliate KATU Monday that he had not seen the documents but said based on what he has heard about the contents that a lot of it is not true . He also told KATU he would not comment on the case until he consults an attorney . Authorities have not named any suspect or person of interest in connection with Kyron 's disappearance .	Documents allege Terri Horman violated terms of restraining order against her Kaine Horman alleges estranged wife engaged in affair with his high school classmate Papers say Terri Horman gave alleged lover access to information in restraining order 7-year-old Kyron Horman went missing June 4
CNN  -- It was special , just like Emilie Parker . That 's how Jill Cottle Garrett described Saturday 's funeral for her 6-year-old niece , one of 20 children and six adults killed at a Newtown , Connecticut , school . The LDS Rock Cliff Stake Center church in Ogden , Utah , was filled with glitter and pink flowers -- Emilie 's favorite color -- "  fancy " and effervescent like the little girl herself . "  Everything was special to Emilie , " her aunt told reporters outside the church . "  Emilie was an example to not only her little sisters but to her family , to all her little friends . And now she 's an example to the world about purity ... tragedy and forgiveness . " Emilie had been practicing for a Christmas show , which would have been Sunday . She never got the chance to perform , but the songs -- "  Angels We Have Heard on High " and "  Silent Night " -- were played during her funeral . Her two little sisters sang along , smiled , danced , even took flowers off Emilie 's casket and threw them into the air . "  They were celebrating Emilie and her life today , " Garrett said . The girl was one of three Sandy Hook Elementary School students laid to rest Saturday , the last of the victims of the December 14 mass shooting to be buried . NRA official to face questions on gun control One was Josephine Gay , who had turned 7 just days before Adam Lanza forced himself into her school and began firing . A photo of the happy child , wearing a green hat and with glasses on the end of her nose , has been republished widely . On a Facebook memorial page , people remembered Josephine as "  a beautiful little angel . " Her funeral took place on a blustery day in Newtown , as strong winds whipped the hairs of emotional mourners outside Saint Rose of Lima Roman Catholic Church . Honoring victims and paying tribute to Newtown Some who did not go inside the church instead left tributes at a makeshift memorial steps away , which was full of messages and flowers . Services also were held Saturday for 6-year-old Ana Marquez-Greene , who is remembered for a singing voice bigger than her size . A representative for her father , the jazz musician Jimmy Greene , described the girl as "  beautiful and vibrant . " On a Facebook memorial page , Ana was remembered as a smart and "  sweet caramel princess " -- part African-American , Puerto Rican , Canadian and Irish -- who loved math picture problems , arts and crafts , ballet and "  loved people fiercely . " Bells toll for shooting victims "  We , your friends and family , commit to remembering you ... your loving heart , generous spirit and spunky attitude ! " one update read . "  We know you are with Jesus and we will tell the world that love wins . " After Saturday 's "  going home celebration " at The First Cathedral in Bloomfield , Connecticut , her family offered a message of thanks . "  Overwhelmed by the outpouring of love and support , " the post said . "  Love wins in newtown !!!! Sunday will mark a new chapter in this horrific saga , as the first full day when U.S. and Connecticut flags will be at full-staff since the violence , as directed by Gov. Dannel Malloy . After that , the quest to understand what happened at Sandy Hook Elementary , and why , as well as how to prevent more such carnage in the future , will continue . CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta .	NEW : Ana Marquez-Greene 's family says it is grateful for so much love and support Ana is one of 3 children , all age 6 , buried -- the last burials for the school shooting victims Emilie Parker 's funeral was in Utah ; Josephine Gray 's was at a church in Newtown Flags on Sunday will rise to full staff in Connecticut for first time since the massacre
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigeria on Tuesday faced international calls to bring to justice killer mobs armed with guns and knives who massacred hundreds of villagers in the country 's rural heartland . As more details of the atrocities emerged , Nigeria 's acting president , Goodluck Jonathan , replaced his national security adviser , although it was not clear whether the move was related to the weekend violence . At least 200 Christian villagers died in the attacks early Sunday , when groups of men with guns , machetes , and knives attacked people in three villages south of Jos , in the Plateau State , Human Rights Watch said . Other agencies gave higher death tolls . Sani Shehu , president of the nongovernmental agency Civil Rights Congress , put the number of dead at about 485 . And a Christian leader who participated in a mass burial of 67 bodies Monday in one of the towns said about 375 people were dead or still missing . Explainer : What 's behind the violence Human Rights Watch cited witnesses as saying the attackers were Islamic men and that they targeted Christians , mostly from the Berom ethnic group . The victims were in the villages of Dogo Nahawa , Zot , and Ratsat , about 10 kilometers  6 miles  south of Jos , the state capital . The attackers had previously lived in the villages but left last month , Human Rights Watch said , citing multiple witness accounts . Witnesses , community leaders , and journalists who visited the villages told Human Rights Watch they saw bodies -- including those of children and babies -- inside houses , on the streets , and in the pathways leading out of the villages . They said many homes , cars , and other items were burned and destroyed . The U.S. diplomatic mission to Nigeria expressed its "  deep regret " at the violence in the area . "  We extend our sympathies to those who have lost their loved ones and friends , and for the massive destruction of property , " the mission said in a statement . "  We continue to urge all parties to exercise restraint and seek constructive means for addressing the continuing cycle of violence in Plateau State . Such loss of life and destruction can not continue to weaken the fabric of unity and peace that all Nigerians love . " The mission called on the Nigerian government to make sure the attackers are brought to justice . Human Rights Watch called on Jonathan to make sure the attacks are "  thoroughly and promptly investigated " and to prosecute those responsible . The attacks were reprisals for previous attacks against Islamic communities in the area and the theft of cattle from herdsmen , Human Rights Watch said . Police have arrested 98 people in connection with those attacks , the group said , citing official police figures . John Onaiyekan , the archbishop of Abuja , told Vatican Radio on Monday that the violence is the result of a dispute over access to natural resources , not religion . "  This kind of terrible violence has left thousands dead in Plateau state in the past decade , " said Corinne Dufka , a senior West Africa researcher at Human Rights Watch . "  The authorities need to protect these communities , bring the perpetrators to book , and address the root causes of violence . " Jonathan , who was installed as acting head of state in February while President Umaru Yar ` Adua recovers from illness , has called for calm . He put security on high alert Sunday and began operations to seek the attackers . Human Rights Watch said the additional military presence and patrols have been largely limited , however , to major roads and towns and have not protected the smaller communities . The most populous country in Africa , with a population of more than 150 million , Nigeria is almost evenly divided between Muslims and Christians . With more than 78 million Muslims , it has the sixth-largest Islamic population in the world , according to a study last year by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life . While some outbursts of violence are between Christians and Muslims , other disputes are based on ethnicity . The country is home to 250 to 400 ethnic groups , making it one of the most diverse African nations , according to the International Displacement Monitoring Centre . CNN 's Christian Purefoy in Jos , Nigeria contributed to this report .	Nigerian national security adviser replaced after massacre At least 200 Christian villagers died in the attacks early Sunday U.S. diplomatic mission to Nigeria calls for killers to be brought to justice
CNN  -- I have the great privilege of writing the theater column for The New Criterion , the arts-and-culture journal founded by New York Times art critic Hilton Kramer and pianist Samuel Lipman in 1982 . Some people have to be in an office at 8 a.m. , but I get to be at the theater at 8 p.m. . It is a pretty sweet gig . The power of theater comes from its ability to surprise . Once or twice a season , I am treated to an unexpected discovery : While movies so often are cut , polished , CGI 'd and market-researched to death , even the most commercial piece of tourist-bait theater -- lookin ' at you , "  Evita " -- contains within it an element of unpredictability . The audiences , unfortunately , are drearily predictable . It 's the old one-in-every-family phenomenon : They will be late . They will talk . Their cell phones will ring , and some of them , by God , will answer them . They will text , and they may even play a few rounds of Words with Friends during the third act . They are the enemy . They are depressing not because their bad manners surprise us but because they do not surprise us . I found myself in the news this week after offering a surprise of my own at a New York theater : The woman seated next to me was on her phone throughout most of the show .  It was "  Natasha , Pierre , and the Great Comet of 1812 , " in case you 're wondering , a musical based on "  War and Peace . " You know what show you should n't see in New York if you have the attention span of a goldfish ? One based on "  War and Peace . "  When she was not on her phone , she and her friends were engaged in a four-part imitation of a "  Sex and the City " brunch conversation . I asked her nicely -- more than once -- but she did not respond to courtesy . She said : "  Just do n't look . " So I took her phone from her and tossed it . There was a moment of wonderful , shocked silence . She salvaged such self-respect as she could -- which is to say , she slapped me -- and then stalked off in search of her phone . A few minutes later , I was visited by an annoyed gentleman in a black suit and soon enough found myself out on the street . Yes , it was worth it . In part , I blame the theater managers . If you seat people who show up late , they will show up late . One or two high-profile ejections a month would go a long way toward beating some sense into the theater-going public . But you can never design a perfect protocol . Audiences must behave . People are awful , of course -- somebody once observed that every civilization faces a barbarian invasion every generation in the form of its children -- and the Broadway and off-Broadway crowd is full of miscreants . Theater is New York and New York is theater , and New York is not much like the rest of the country .  Shake Shack , a summertime favorite in Madison Square Park , has a menu for dogs .  New York is one of the world capitals of self-importance . And , with the possible exception of Washington , there is no city in the country where self-importance is more disconnected from actual importance . If I could buy New Yorkers for what they 're worth and sell them for what they think they 're worth , I 'd own Fifth Avenue from Saks to Harlem . That guy whispering into his cell phone ? He is n't getting the news that little Timmy finally has a donor for his heart transplant ; he 's just another schmuck having a schmuck conversation with schmucks elsewhere . That guy tapping away on his smartphone is n't restructuring the derivatives markets ; he 's playing "  Angry Birds . " The lady to my right , I am willing to bet , was not receiving her orders from the Impossible Missions Force , and her phone did not self-destruct . I destructed it . And I am not sorry . I am advised that what I did was almost certainly a crime . And if the law , in its majesty , should decide that I need to spend a night in jail over this episode , then I will be happy to do so . But I think of it as an act of criticism . Occasionally , a shocking gesture is called for , perhaps even a histrionic one . I may have met conventional-grade rudeness with thermonuclear counterforce , but I did it in the interests of civility , violating standards to preserve them . Theater-goers on Twitter jokingly compared me to Batman : Not the hero Gotham deserves , the hero it needs . I do n't know about that : Grumpiness is not much of a superpower . But we will live in exactly as rude and coarse a world as we will tolerate , and I do not intend to tolerate very much . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin Williamson .	Theater critic Kevin Williamson is sick of rude audiences who talk or text during plays A woman sitting next to him would n't stop using her phone , so he took it and threw it She slapped him ; he was kicked out . But he 's glad he did it , calls it an act of criticism In part he blames managers who let people in late and do n't stop distracting behavior
Nouakchott , Mauritania  CNN  -- Mahjouba was raped in March on the nighttime streets of Mauritania 's capital , but she will not bring charges against the man she says did it since she may be the one who ends up in prison . The 25-year-old says the legal advice she received was to not go to court , leaving her to suffer in silence . There is no law in Mauritania that defines rape . According to a local U.N.-funded group working with the victims , the law criminalizes the women instead of their rapists -- and society ostracizes the women . Mahjouba , who asked not to use her real name , said : "  I am sure that if I raise my voice I 'm going to be criminalized by my society and I will pay the price harshly ... and as a result I may stay single for the rest of my life . " She added : "  I consulted a lawyer secretly , and he advised me sincerely not to seek justice because that would throw me in jail . I know what happened to other girls who decided to go to court and face the community . Their lives were destroyed completely forever . So I already know what would happen to me if I had to follow that path . "  This Islamic republic has no place for rape victims like me . " Mauritanian laws are based on Sharia law and the penal code forbids relationships between both sexes outside marriage . That includes a consensual relationship between a boyfriend and girlfriend but can also criminalize a woman who is forced to have sex . Sidi Athman Ould Sidi Salem , a law specialist and legal adviser to the government , said : "  If raped women do n't bring strong evidence , which is not easy , they would be accused of Zina -- an Arabic word meaning sex out of marriage -- and end up in jail . It 's because the victims of rape are always accused of a Zina which make a lot of problems . " Sidi Athman added : "  The rape issue has been one of the many taboos that have n't been investigated  by the government  . " UNFPA , which promotes health and equality issues , is working with local groups and the government to define rape in law and protect its victims . Thierno Coulibaly , UNFPA assistant representative in Mauritania for its reproductive health program and population and development program , said he was not aware of any rape victim in the capital currently in jail but could not comment on what was happening outside the capital . Even with legal protection , women victims of rape still face a social stigma that is hard to overcome . He said : "  Women are still afraid to complain if they are victims of rape because there is an attitude from the society . " Coulibaly added : "  There is no law to define rape but there will be one . And work is being done with police officers and judges ... to let them understand the problem is not the woman , but the perpetrator of the rape . " The U.N.-funded Mauritanian Association for Maternal and Child Health  known by its French acronym AMSME  is at the forefront of trying to change both the law and society . When a woman reports a rape , police contact AMSME and the woman is taken to the El Wafa center . Zeinebou Mint Taleb Moussa , a former midwife and president of the organization , set up the El Wafa center in 2001 to provide help for rape victims . Mint Taleb Moussa said : "  There is no mention of the words ` rape , ' or ` sexual violence ' in the Mauritanian laws which left a growing number of women as victims ... All the words that are related to sex are extremely taboo and can never be mentioned publicly . " Mint Taleb Moussa said there were 308 rape cases registered by her organization in 2008 and 205 in 2009 , but she noted that "  what has been reported is only the tip of the iceberg . " She said they mainly deal with cases in the capital , Nouakchott , but there remain many unreported rapes in the city and the country . She said rape victims bring shame to their families and the woman 's reputation , and few women have the courage to report the crime and be registered . Mint Taleb Moussa added : "  We focus basically on the capital Nouakchott , but we think of covering the interior regions as well . " Mint Taleb Moussa has tried in vain for a decade to get her message into the national media to assist rape victims . "  I requested having a program in the state mass media -- radio and TV -- but my request was turned down . Recently , the national TV hosted me for the first time on a program , but it was censored without giving any justification ... It 's a big problem here to defend rape victims , " she said . AMSME is also working with government and religious leaders in a bid to get a new rape law . Sidi Ould Beyade , spokesman for the Ministry of Welfare , Children and Family , said the ministry has begun work on the issue to help end the ordeal of rape victims . "  For the first time , the ministry is now in touch with NGO activists , lawyers and opinion makers with the purpose of studying the situation , first , and then trying to act . "	Rights groups working to get a law defining rape in Mauritania Currently rape victims can be jailed for having sex outside marriage Victims also pressured by social stigma attached to rape One woman tells CNN : Mauritania is no place for rape victims like me
Cairo  CNN  -- Israeli and Palestinian negotiators have agreed to extend the current Gaza cease-fire by 24 hours , Gamal Shobky , the Palestinian Authority ambassador to Egypt , said Monday . An Israeli government official confirmed the extension to CNN . The cease-fire is now set to expire at midnight Tuesday  5 p.m. ET  . The extension gives negotiators more time to talk about the issues for a lasting peace in Gaza . "  There has n't been any progress at all , " Azzam al-Ahmed , the lead Palestinian negotiator , told reporters . Israeli and Palestinian media had reported Monday afternoon that a deal was set to be signed . Israel 's Channel 10 , quoting Palestinian sources , said the agreement would include the easing of Gaza border restrictions and enlargement of the fishing zone off the Gaza coast . Bigger issues -- including demilitarization , the building of a seaport , the release of Palestinian prisoners and the return of the bodies of two Israeli soldiers -- will be discussed at fresh talks in a month 's time , Channel 10 said . Palestinian news agency Ma'an reported that Egyptian consultants were drawing up the documents and that Israel 's delegation had left Cairo to discuss the deal with Israel 's Cabinet . But talks will continue . "  We hope that every minute in the next 24 hours will be used so we can reach an agreement or the cycle of violence will continue , " al-Ahmed said . Mustafa Barghouti , leader of the Palestinian National Initiative , blamed the Israelis for blocking the path to an agreement . He said from Gaza after returning from Cairo that the Palestinian delegation was united . He told CNN by phone that the situation is "  very fragile and very explosive . " Communicating through Egyptian intermediaries , Israel and the Palestinians have been trying to resolve in days issues that have smoldered for decades . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said earlier Monday that Israel was "  prepared for any scenario , " with the Israel Defense Forces ready "  for a very firm action if fire is resumed . " Israeli forces remain positioned around Gaza . In recent weeks , they carried out aerial and ground assaults against Hamas to try to stop militant rocket fire and destroy a network of more than 30 tunnels that extended under the border into Israel . Operation Protective Edge not over Israel is calling for Gaza to be demilitarized , demanding that Hamas , which controls the territory , lay down its arms . After meeting with Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon on Monday , Netanyahu reiterated that Israeli negotiators had been "  instructed to insist firmly on Israel 's security needs . " The strength of the Israeli military and the Israeli people 's patience and perseverance would help bring them peace and security , he said . Yaalon said Operation Protective Edge was not over . "  We are getting ready for the results of the deliberations in Cairo , whether they bring quiet or someone tries to challenge us by escalation , " he said . "  The IDF is ready and willing to react with power to any development . Hamas will not drag us to a war of attrition , and if they try , they will get back twice as much . " Disarmament ? A senior Israeli official told CNN that the most central issue on the table was nonviolence . "  On the basis on nonviolence , if you assume that includes no tunnels , then you would be correct . If you assume that would mean no missiles , then you would be correct , " he said . The official said the Palestinian delegation was not united and that Hamas political leader Khaled Meshaal was calling the shots in Cairo . He pointed to what he said appeared were contradictions coming from the Palestinian side , asking , "  how can Israel have full security while they 're still digging terror tunnels and making rockets ? " The Palestinians , he said "  ca n't cherry pick what they want . " Even during the cease-fire , Hamas has boasted that its rocket-making factories are still operating , replenishing its arsenal . But in the view of Palestinian officials , disarmament is a nonstarter . "  That is not possible , " Palestinian official Nabil Shaath said . "  Because Israel will not demilitarize either , will not even commit itself that it will never use military arms against Gaza . " Hamas leader Izzat Risheq said the group 's weapons were "  for self-defense " against Israel . "  But when we have our own Palestinian state with its own national army to protect its citizens , there will be no need for any party to carry any kind of weapons , " he said . ` Impossible demands ' Speaking on condition of anonymity Monday , a Hamas leader said the Israelis had "  submitted impossible demands on the Palestinians such as the issue Palestinian demilitarization , destroying the tunnels and the issue of preventing Palestinians from developing their missiles technology . " The Israelis , he said , "  want everything and want to give nothing . " He said the Palestinians had responded with a counterproposal offering Israel "  full security in exchange of full opening of border crossings " or lifting the siege completely . Palestinians say Israel 's blockade is suffocating the economy of the small , impoverished strip of land and the lives of its inhabitants . Among their demands are the rebuilding and reopening of Gaza 's airport and the establishment of a seaport . But Israeli authorities -- who retain control of Gaza 's airspace , Mediterranean waters and their shared border -- say that releasing their grip on what goes into and out of the territory is too risky , as things stand . "  Building a seaport or an airport in Gaza without demilitarization is like getting a duty-free for rockets and missiles , " Israeli Intelligence Minister Yuval Steinitz said . Death toll passes 2,000 Meanwhile , the total number of Palestinians killed since the start of the offensive has reached 2,016 , Ashraf el-Qedra , spokesman for the Ministry of Health in Gaza , said Monday . The latest deaths include people who were found under rubble and those who died from injuries they received during the previous fighting . It 's unclear how many of the dead were militants . The United Nations has estimated that about 70 % were civilians , but Israel has estimated a higher number of militants . Israel blames Hamas for civilian deaths , saying militants fire rockets from civilian areas and encourage people to stay despite Israeli warnings of impending attacks . The Israeli military says 64 of its soldiers have been killed , as well as three civilians in Israel . CNN 's Ali Younes , Amir Tal , Andrew Carey and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	NEW : ` There has n't been any progress , ' lead Palestinian negotiator complains NEW : Another Palestinian official believes the situation is ` very fragile ' Indirect talks on a lasting peace deal have been taking place in Cairo Israeli negotiators have been told to be steadfast on security , says Israel 's PM
CNN  -- Another actor was injured Thursday night while playing the role of Spider-man in "  Spider-Man Turn Off the Dark " on Broadway , according to a statement released by the show 's spokesman Rick Miramontez . Actor Daniel Curry is in stable condition at Bellevue Hospital after sustaining an injury to his foot during last night 's performance , the statement said . Despite the injury , Miramontez claims that the technical aspects of the Broadway show are in working order and that equipment malfunction played no role in the injury . The show is scheduled to continue on as planned . "  Our thoughts are with Daniel and his family , " the statement concluded . Curry 's injury on Thursday occurred almost two-and-a-half years after a series of other maladies and safety concerns caused the show 's opening to be postponed several months . In March 2011 , the show 's lead actress T.V. Carpio was hurt performing in an onstage battle scene , according to a spokesman . In December 2010 , actor Christopher Tierney also suffered an injury while wearing the red mask of the Marvel Comics superhero . He suffered four broken ribs , a hairline skull fracture , a broken scapula , a bruised lung , three cracked vertebrae and broken bones below his elbow as a result of his fall , his father said . The accident was serious enough to prompt producers to announce new safety measures . Additionally , in December 2010 , an actress suffered a concussion offstage during the first preview night . After the series of headline-catching injuries and accidents , the musical 's debut was put off for the sixth time after the producers replaced their director . The producers said the delay would give the show 's creators time to work on various revisions , including improving the musical arrangements and sound quality . The revised version of the show opened in June 2012 .	An actor was injured onstage during a Broadway performance The show was "  Spider-Man Turn Off The Dark " This is just the most recent of injuries sustained during this production
CNN  -- I clung white-knuckled to the back of my friend 's motorbike as the two of us zipped around the streets of Hanoi . We buzzed past a man sitting in a barber 's chair on the sidewalk of a main road . The man was peering into an oval mirror tacked to a tree as the barber clipped away . "  See ! O.I.V ! " my friend said . "  What ? " I asked , trying to figure out what I had seen as much as what he just said . "  O.I.V. , " he repeated . "  Only in Vietnam . " It was the first day of my 11-day tour through northern and central Vietnam , and the adventure had just begun . Vietnam was never at the top of my list of places to visit -- that is until my old roommate from Atlanta took a job in Hanoi . When my rock-climbing partner , with a level of sanity as questionable as my own , found out climbing was on our itinerary , he decided to join in . We 'd start in Hanoi and take in the city sights , make our way to Cat Ba Island for a little climbing and finally to Hoi An along the central coast for some relaxation . Hanoi at street level We flew in to the capital , where traffic signals and street signs , if they exist , seem more like suggestions than law . The streets are the heart and soul of Hanoi . They 're where people gather for everything from dinner to shoe repair , and the only way to take in the city is to plunge into the traffic . So we did , starting with a walking tour of the Old Quarter . Roughly 1,000 years old , the Old Quarter developed as craftsmen gathered around the old palace to peddle their wares . The narrow streets eventually became the central marketplace and business area , but it retains much of its ancient charm . The buildings are only a few stories tall , narrow and deep , and artisans and merchants still line the sidewalks . The streets are named after what you may find on them -- tinwork on Hang Thiec and silk on Hang Gai . Hang Dau was once home to fragrant oil merchants , but now tourists and locals walk the street looking for a great deal on shoes . After watching a tinsmith melt and mold what appeared to be a sprinkler head , another wonder of the Hanoi streets caught my eye , or rather my taste buds . On the balcony of a coffee shop near the Old Quarter , I had my first sip of cafÃ © sua da -- Vietnamese iced coffee . It is dark and thick like espresso , but served iced and creamed with a couple of spoonfuls of sweetened condensed milk . I was addicted at first sip . Climbing on Cat Ba Island One taxi , three buses and a speedboat away from Hanoi we found the small island of Cat Ba in Halong Bay . Halong Bay was named one of the New Seven Wonders of Nature in 2011 and is easily recognized by the hundreds of limestone karsts that jut sharply out of the turquoise waters . Where much of the area has watered down the wilderness experience to cater to tourists , Cat Ba attracts a more low-maintenance traveler -- the "  TÃ cents y ba lÃ ´ . " "  It means ` Western backpacker , ' " my friend explained . "  But it also means they think you 're cheap . " Cat Ba is a popular spot for backpackers from all over the world who have developed a reputation for their stinginess . Accommodations are basic , and prices are low . Tall , narrow hotels line the main road , each with an amazing view of the harbor . Rooms go for dollars a day , and the cafes feature fresh seafood on the cheap . But the real draw of the island is away from the main drag , so our first morning we caught a ride on a tourist boat to a beachside climbing site . As we meandered through the waters of the bay , a unique nautical culture revealed itself . Because the land is often too rocky to cultivate but the bay is rich in sea life , locals have made the water their home . Large networks of floating villages hide in the shadows of the karsts . Brightly colored huts are built on grids of floating barrels and beams with frontyards made of fishing nets . Our boat dropped anchor off the shore of a deserted beach . We loaded our climbing gear onto kayaks and paddled over . We scaled the jagged walls of Tiger and Moody 's beaches in solitude , taking in the beauty of Halong Bay from the top of the vertical cliffs . In addition to experiencing the bay 's natural beauty , you ca n't help but stumble upon history . We explored the island during a break between climbing routes and found a natural cave with a man-made concrete slab for a floor , most likely created as a hideout during the Vietnam War  or the American War , as it 's known in Vietnam  . Although I never discovered the history of that exact cave , back on Cat Ba we toured another war-era relic with a local guide . Hospital Cave is a three story , bomb-proof structure built into a natural cave . It was a hospital and a safe house for the Viet Cong during the war , complete with a kitchen , surgical rooms and a theater . We also traded $ 8 cash for two motorbikes  no rental agreement required  and sped up the windy , lush road to Cannon Fort . Cannon Fort was built in the 1940s and later used during the war . Two cannons remain hidden in its crevices , and it 's a spectacular place to take in a sunset . High class in Hoi An After braving the traffic in the city and the cliffs  and jellyfish  of the bay , I deemed the last part of our trip as R&R time , and the ancient city of Hoi An did not disappoint . Most port cities in Vietnam have met one of two fates : They have either grown into large industrial harbors such as Da Nang or shriveled over time . Hoi An is different . Its narrow streets with lantern-lit storefronts and a fusion of various styles of traditional Asian architecture give it a quaint feel . Two of the city 's specialties are clothing and food . The first you can get made to order . The second you can make yourself . Every other storefront in the old town is a tailor 's shop where you can design your own clothing , pick the fabrics and have it sewn overnight . If you find the right tailor , you can walk away with quality , high-style clothing made to fit at big-box store prices . As for the food , Hoi An is a unique blend of northern and southern flavors with specialties such as white rose dumplings and the Hoi An pancake . Many of the cafes offer cooking classes so you can master the flavors of the city and take them home with you . Our cooking class started with a tour of the local market , where we picked up a few fresh ingredients and learned about the local food culture . It turns out turmeric will cure all that ails you , according to Vietnamese tradition , and durian -- a very smelly fruit -- is an acquired taste . After a leisurely boat ride , we arrived at the Red Bridge Cooking School . Under its thatched portico , we learned to make rice paper and spring rolls , cook in a clay pot and fry Banh Xeo , a shrimp and rice pancake . Trying to re-create that rice paper turned into an epic disaster back in the States , but for an afternoon , we were masters of the trade . Not for everyone , not forever From the madness of Hanoi to the untamed beauty of Cat Ba -- each of our destinations offered a unique glimpse into Vietnamese culture . It 's not for everyone , but for those willing to brave the unknown , the country is ripe with untapped adventures . Hurry though . Sprawling resorts are popping up , and the booming tourism business has many young people learning how to cater to the nuances of Western culture more often than celebrating their own . Vietnam is a country on the cusp . In another decade , it may be a cookie-cutter tourist oasis . But for now , the spirit of Vietnam remains .	A first-time visit to Vietnam includes rock climbing and cooking school Cat Ba , a backpacker 's island paradise , is an affordable getaway in Halong Bay Experiencing Hanoi means embracing the chaos at street level
CNN  -- It happens at the end of January every year -- an apparently mad and desperate dash to sign players as European football 's transfer window draws to an agonizing close . Club officials man the phones , fax machines at the ready to sneak registrations inside the deadline . Football agents , desperate to secure their clients a lucrative last-minute move , frantically try to negotiate contracts and transfer fees before the clock strikes midnight and the chance has disappeared . It often seems like a classic case of panic-buying , as clubs seek to bolster their squads for the second half of the season , but the last-day scramble is the culmination of weeks of negotiations between all the involved parties , says British agent Mel Stein . "  Generally speaking , if somebody genuinely wants to buy a player , they will have earmarked him well before the window opens , " says Stein , who represented former England stars such as Alan Shearer and Paul Gascoigne . Who are January 's top transfer targets ? "  You 've got to have a player that wants to leave and wants to join the club who wants to buy him . So you 've got to push all of those pieces together , which sometimes is a lot more difficult than it sounds . " Since 2002 , European clubs have only been able to add to their rosters during two transfer windows -- which generally run in the offseason between July 1 and August 31 and midseason throughout the month of January . As a result , deadline day has become a biannual ritual , with fans glued to TV screens in the hope their club will pull off a shock transfer coup . Stein says the restrictions the windows have placed on clubs have added extra strain to transfer negotiations . "  There will have been some sort of contact , either formal or informal , well before the window opens , " he explained . "  So if you date it from there to when the player actually signs , I 'd say you 're talking about an average of three or four weeks . "  I 've got one or two deals that are bubbling under . People wait until the last minute and it 's absolutely ridiculous . These deals could have happened weeks ago and yet managers are jockeying for position , they do n't get the money from the club and then the club changes its mind at the last minute . " Stein says the 1992 transfer of Gascoigne , who was then 25 and in his prime , from London club Tottenham Hotspur to Rome-based Lazio was particularly difficult . "  The injuries , the financial problems Spurs were experiencing , the tax money element of it -- it was a very complicated transaction , it really was , " he recalls . "  I lived and breathed it for months . I had an all-night session with Lazio , worked all the way through the night and did n't go to bed . " European football 's governing body UEFA has attempted to cut reckless spending by introducing financial fair play regulations -- a set of rules which sanction clubs for spending beyond their means . Stein believes the eagerness of teams to lower their wage bills and conform to the new rules has changed how transfers are set in motion , with clubs now eager to offload high-earning stars . "  A couple of years ago , 95 % of transfers would have been player instigated . Nowadays , with the financial restraints on clubs , I would say over 50 % are club instigated , " he says . "  I had a player who was astonished to learn that I 'd been phoned by a manager who was telling me that my player was available because he was fairly high on that club 's wage list and they wanted to reduce their budget . " This year 's January window has been dominated by one player whose club want remove him from the wage bill , Manchester City 's Carlos Tevez . The Argentina striker has been embroiled in a bitter dispute with the English leaders since being fined by the club for refusing to come on as a substitute during a European Champions League match with Bayern Munich in September . Tevez has been linked with Italian giants AC and Inter Milan and big-spending French outfit Paris Saint-Germain , but was looking likely to remain at City as the deadline approached . So what would be Stein 's advice to the 27-year-old , who captained City to the club 's first trophy in 35 years last season and topped the team 's scoring charts -- but has not played for City since the incident in Germany ? "  You 've got Man City who want him out but do n't want to lose a fortune . You 've got Tevez jogging along a beach in South America and you 've any number of people putting him around to clubs who probably ca n't afford him anyway , " Stein says . "  That is a total nightmare transaction . I 'm not saying it 's one I would n't like to be involved in because it would be an enormous challenge to see that one through . "  I 'd say , ` You 're a professional footballer , you 're only going to be playing until you 're 35 , you need to get yourself playing . This is stupid , you 've got to do something . ' "	Tuesday marks the closure of European football 's January transfer window Football clubs have two periods during which they can sign or sell players Agents are responsible for negotiating multi-million-dollar deals between clubs and players Agent Mel Stein has represented former England stars Paul Gascoigne and Alan Shearer
