London , England  CNN  -- Want to make the ultimate superyacht entrance ? Why not go by submarine through "  James Bond-style " doors ? Or if you 'd prefer , take a helicopter ride then keep it stowed securely away in your very own on-board hangar . Sounds far-fetched ? Not at all . These feats are all possibilities on the PJ World yacht . The 82-meter vessel , with a price tag of more than â ‚ ¬ 110million  $ 150m  , is currently being built in Norway . Designed in conjunction with Rolls Royce and boat makers Palmer Johnson , the ice class superyacht aims to be the ultimate luxury home on water . "  This is a moving house , " says the Director of Palmer Johnson Europe , Russell Morris . "  But with this home , if you do n't like the neighbors , you can just sail away . " Unlike submarines on other superyachts , passengers can access their six-man vessel via an internal docking station . "  It has a James Bond door that opens to the water , " explains Morris . "  Then once in the submarine you can explore deep water . " The futuristic entrance shares the limelight with a helicopter hangar that can be compared to the Batmobile 's garage . The hangar is accessed through opening hatches on the deck and an hydraulic lift . The hangar , which also comes equipped with a re-fueling system , means that the helicopter is protected from the elements and can stay on-board while the PJ World yacht explores . This is a handy feature considering the vessel is capable of sailing in all kinds of water from the Mediterranean to the Antarctic . Keeping in mind the boat 's ability to sail in waters across the globe , security has also been made a priority , the manufacturers say . Water cannons and thermal imagery systems are in place in a bid to defend against potential pirate attacks . PJ World is more than a year into construction , with building expected to be complete in around 18 months time . Makers hope the yacht will be a keen sailor 's mega mansion on water , with room for offices kitted out with the latest in satellite technology and a classroom for the children . The owner 's apartment covers three decks and there 's a fourth deck for guests . In the public area there 's a piano salon , a cinema , a beauty salon , a fitness center and a private swimming pool . While luxury has been at the forefront of the minds of her makers , PJ World has been designed with an environmentally-friendly focus . "  We 've used the latest technology to make it as green as possible , " says Morris . The hull 's shape and the medium speed diesel engine means the yacht produces low emissions . She also has a dynamic positioning system so that PJ World can avoid anchoring in environmentally sensitive areas .	The PJ World yacht is priced at more than $ 150m It has its own helicopter hangar and six-man submarine The yacht 's hull and engine are designed to emit low emissions
CNN  -- Besides charting the nature of space and time and penning the bestseller "  A Brief History of Time , " Stephen Hawking has another distinction : He beat the life-expectancy odds for people with ALS , amyotrophic lateral sclerosis . Stephen Hawking , shown in Pasadena , California , in March , is hospitalized but said to be "  comfortable . " Most people with ALS survive only two to five years after diagnosis . Hawking , on the other hand , has lived more than 40 years since he learned he had the disease , which is also known as Lou Gehrig 's Disease in America and motor neuron disease , or MND , in the United Kingdom . Hawking , 67 , was taken to Addenbrookes Hospital in Cambridge , England , on Monday in a "  very ill " condition , and spent the night in the hospital . He was said to be "  comfortable " Tuesday . Bob Hawkins , 75 , of Fayetteville , North Carolina , who learned of his ALS diagnosis last year , said Hawking , with his long life and ability to communicate through a voice synthesizer , gives him hope . The physicist should be a role model for people with the disease as well as those without it , Hawkins said . "  The man is brilliant , and he has striven through a lot of adversity to accomplish all of the things he has accomplished , " Hawkins said . "  He should be an inspiration for anyone . " The British physicist also embodies the idea of empowering people with ALS to live life to the fullest , said Dr. Lucie Bruijn , scientific director for the ALS Association , in an e-mail . This empowerment theme is part of the mission of the ALS Association , she said . "  To have achieved so much in his lifetime while battling Lou Gehrig 's Disease is quite remarkable , " she said . ALS affects nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord , which results in muscle weakness and atrophy . The disease causes the death of motor neurons , meaning the brain loses its ability to control muscle movement . Hawking has had direct involvement in promoting awareness and research into his disease . He recently agreed to be a patron of the MND Association in Northampton , England , meaning he will lend his name to the charity and support it by attending events , fundraising , or other activities . He has participated in some of the organization 's high-profile events , said Mel Barry , communications manager at the MND Association . "  He 's a very busy man , so it 's wonderful that he 's publicly supporting us with his very heavy workload , " she said . Hawking 's case is also unusual because his condition was diagnosed at a young age , said Sharon Matland , vice president of patient services at the ALS Association . People typically are between 40 and 70 when they learn they have ALS ; Hawking found out at age 21 . Some very rare cases manifest in the late teens , Bruijn said . There have been other rare cases of people living long lives with ALS , although none as famous as Hawking . Barry said she knows of a man in Ireland who has lived with the disease for 30 years -- but only about 5 percent of people with ALS live longer than 10 years . ALS affects 350,000 people worldwide and up to 30,000 people in the United States , the ALS Association estimates . "  It totally upsets your entire way of living , " Hawkins of North Carolina said . "  It slowly takes over your entire muscle structure and eventually your limbs are affected , your speech may or may not be affected . The only part of your body that is n't affected is your mind . " Still , patients experience different symptoms , and some do have cognitive impairment , Matland said . They may have trouble making day-to-day decisions , such as choosing which bills to pay first . Hawkins said he first experienced weakness in his legs and arms , typical symptoms of the disease . People with ALS may also find it difficult to lift their arms or feet , Matland said . "  You drop things or you ca n't grasp things as you might have been able to do in the past , " she said . Loss of voice is another potential symptom , but some people are able to speak until they die , Barry said . The nature of the disease is that it 's very different in each person , she said . Most people with ALS become dependent on a wheelchair -- sometimes within six to eight months , but the time frame varies , Matland said . Typically , the ultimate cause of death is respiratory failure , because ALS affects the muscles used for breathing , she said . David Niven , the English actor known for his roles in "  Around the World in 80 Days " and "  The Pink Panther , " died of ALS at age 73 . He suffered from the disease for more than a year . A variety of ongoing clinical trials seek to find an effective treatment for ALS in the U.S. Drugs in these trials include lithium , ceftriaxone , and memantine , according to the ALS Association . A recent study showed there may be a genetic component to the disease . In the UK , the MND Association is funding a trial for lithium , which has produced promising results in mice , Barry said . Psychiatrists currently prescribe lithium , a mood-stabilizing drug , for bipolar disorder and other conditions . An FDA-approved drug called riluzole has been shown to prolong survival for some ALS patients , but extends the life span by only three to six months , Barry said . Typically , palliative care is the main treatment -- managing symptoms rather than stopping or curing them . Stem cell therapy may hold promise for the disease , but the general perception is that research into it is not sufficiently advanced , according to the MND Association . To raise money for research in the U.S. , the ALS Association hosts walks across the country . Hawkins said he will be participating in the 2009 Fayetteville , North Carolina , Walk to Defeat ALS in May . "  I would encourage everyone to recognize how terrible this disease is , and encourage them to support the ALS Association and research projects , " he said . CNN 's Jennifer Pifer Bixler contributed to this report .	Stephen Hawking is a rare case of someone who has survived decades with ALS ALS affects 350,000 people worldwide and as many as 30,000 people in the U.S. Symptoms vary from person to person ; some lose their speech but others do not Clinical trials are in progress for a variety of treatments
CNN  -- A fourth infant has been discovered to have been infected with a rare , sometimes fatal form of bacteria that can come from baby formula , but there is no evidence the cases are related , federal health authorities said Friday . "  Based on test results to date , there is no need for a recall of infant formula and parents may continue to use powdered infant formula , following the manufacturer 's directions on the printed label , " the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Food and Drug Administration said in a joint update . The latest case of Cronobacter infection occurred in Florida , the update said . After cases occurred in Missouri and Illinois , authorities looked for other cases , and found an Oklahoma case and the one in Florida . The Florida and Missouri infants died this month of their infections . The Missouri case prompted retail giant Wal-Mart to pull all cans of the same size and lot number of baby formula from its shelves . But DNA fingerprinting of the bacteria from the Missouri and Illinois cases found the bacteria differed , suggesting they were not related , the agencies said . Bacteria from the other two cases were not available for testing , they said . In the Missouri case , Cronobacter bacteria were found in an opened bottle of nursery water and prepared infant formula , but it was not clear how they became contaminated , the update said . Tests on factory-sealed containers of powdered infant formula and nursery water with the same lot numbers turned up no Cronobacter bacteria , it said , adding , "  There is currently no evidence to conclude that the infant formula or nursery water was contaminated during manufacturing or shipping . " Formula maker Mead Johnson Nutrition said the agencies ' test results corroborated its own . "  We 're pleased with the FDA and CDC testing , which should reassure consumers , health care professionals and retailers everywhere about the safety and quality of our products , " Tim Brown , senior vice president and general manager for North America , said in a statement . "  These tests also reinforce the rigor of our quality processes throughout our operations . " Cronobacter infection typically occurs during the first days or weeks of life . In a typical year , the CDC said , it learns of four to six such cases . This year , with increased awareness of the infection , it has tallied 12 cases . The bacteria can cause severe infection or inflammation of the membranes that cover the brain . Symptoms can start with fever , poor feeding , crying or listlessness . "  Any young infant with these symptoms should be in the care of a physician , " the update says . The bacteria can be found in the environment and can multiply in powdered infant formula once it is mixed with water , said the CDC , which recommends breastfeeding whenever possible . Cronobacter is fatal in nearly 40 % of cases , according to the CDC . Infection survivors can be left with severe neurological problems . CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	"  There is no need for a recall of infant formula , " federal health officials say DNA fingerprinting finds the Missouri and Illinois bacteria are different , suggesting they 're not related CDC recommends breastfeeding whenever possible
CNN  -- Down on Earth , we all know : Do anything stupid these days , and video of it will turn up on the Internet to embarrass you . Now , space aliens may be about learn that lesson , too . NASA deployed live webcams on the International Space Station in March , and UFO enthusiasts monitoring their live feeds online have nabbed unidentified flying objects scooting through Earth 's orbit . They 've made screen grabs of the NASA video and posted them online . UFOlogist Scott Waring may have been the first , when he plastered them onto his blog , UFO Sightings Daily , early last week . Highlighted by a red circle and clearly visible is -- a speck . A white one . An enlargement of the screen grab reveals -- a blur . A note explains the alleged vehicle 's shape : "  It has a long line down its middle and a dome on its top , but is rectangle on it lower bottom . " If you still do n't recognize it , do n't worry , it 's not called "  unidentified " for nothing . And it 's hard to know for sure what it is , with all the meteors , satellites and space junk swarming around Earth . A few days later , a similar post turned up of another white speck spied by a space station lens as it pulsates and fades away . Look down Sleuthing for extraterrestrials was not NASA 's intention when it attached the four high-definition cameras to the space station . They offer live views of Earth 's terrestrial greens and browns , atmospheric and oceanic blues , and cloudy swaths of white as the space station races around the planet once every 90 minutes . And they are a high school science project . Students designed some of the hardware components in the overall system in a project with NASA called HUNCH , or High Schools United with NASA to Create Hardware . Its aim is to figure out how conditions in space , like high radiation , affect video quality to help decide what kind of cameras to use on future missions . NASA is separately experimenting with using a laser beam to transfer data to Earth . Researchers hope it will speed up data transfer by 10 to 100 times . The idea is to zap massive amounts of data to scientists , but it could also make for very high-quality video streams . Aliens on the Internet ? The cameras for the Earth viewing are consumer grade , off the shelf . But they are apparently good enough to snag alien vessels , which may not have journeyed too terribly far to visit Earth 's orbit , according to UFO Sightings Daily . Trawling NASA images for proof of intergalactic visitors to our solar system has gone on since NASA started snapping the images decades ago . And the website has page after page of alleged photographic signs of advanced alien life on Mars that it claims happened to turn up in pictures shot by NASA Mars rovers . They are replete with fossil remains on the red planet and alien bases constructed there , on asteroids , and even on our moon . Though the rovers have found that , at one time , Mars could have supported basic life , NASA has reported nothing on this order . At least one alleged alien "  mother ship " made it into a NASA lunar photo , and you do n't even have to squint to see it . Though it may seem these advanced beings have accomplished much right in our neighborhood , they have n't learned not to fly within eyeshot of a space station the size of a football field  including the end zones  . Or they may just like watching themselves live on the Internet .	NASA recently deployed live webcams on the International Space Station They are there to give people a nice view of the Earth UFO enthusiasts have used the cameras to spot alleged UFOs They look like specks and blurs
CNN  -- World No. 1 Rafael Nadal set up a semifinal showdown with Andy Murray after winning his third successive match at the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals in London on Friday . The Spaniard overcame sixth seed Tomas Berdych 7-6  7-3  6-1 to repeat his victory over the Czech in the Wimbledon final in July . Third seed Novak Djokovic will play No. 2 Roger Federer in Saturday evening 's second semifinal after handing American Andy Roddick his third successive defeat in Friday 's closing match of the round-robin stage . The 24-year-old , who needed to win just one set to progress , completed his seventh straight win over Berdych despite losing his cool with an umpiring call . Nadal was infuriated when Berdych was allowed to challenge a decision in the 12th game and was given the point as his backhand was shown to touch the line and not be long . Nadal calmed himself down after a long , heated exchange with the umpire and held serve before winning the tie-break comfortably and then racing away with the second set to reach the last four of the event for the first time . Behind the scenes at the ATP Finals "  It was a very important victory because every day I 'm playing a little better and today I played a great match . It 's going to be a really , really difficult match against Andy , " he told the crowd after ending Berdych 's hopes of progressing . Nadal has never won an indoor hardcourt tournament , and failed to win a set at the O2 Arena last year . He has beaten Murray eight times in their 12 meetings , but lost to the British player on hardcourt in Toronto in August and retired hurt on the same surface during their Australian Open last-16 clash in January . Nadal won their first two hardcourt meetings in 2007 but they went 2-2 last year . In Friday 's final Group A match , Djokovic needed to win only one set to earn a clash with Group B winner Federer . Roddick , who lost his first two games , needed to win in straight sets to go through as runner-up . He had won his past four encounters with Djokovic , three of them being two-setters . But it was the Serbian who prevailed with the minimum of fuss , winning 6-2 6-3 as he suffered none of the contact lens problems that hampered him in his earlier defeat by Nadal . "  It 's definitely a great achievement to get to the semifinals . It 's great for the tournament to have the top four guys in the semifinals , " the 23-year-old , who walked out to the court wearing a joke eye patch , told the crowd afterwards .	Rafael Nadal defeats Tomas Berdych to reach semifinals and eliminate the Czech World No. 1 will on Saturday play Andy Murray , who was runner-up in Group B World No. 3 Novak Djokovic beats Andy Roddick in Friday night 's final Group A tie Serbian won in straight sets to earn last-four clash with Roger Federer on Saturday evening
CNN  -- About three quarters of American public libraries currently lend out e-books , and in the past year libraries have seen a sharp growth in e-book borrowing . Still , well over half of U.S. library card holders do n't know whether their local public library lends e-books , according to a new Pew report . Pew also found that 12 % of all Americans age 16 and older who read e-books have borrowed an e-book from a library in the past year -- and they 're generally pretty happy with the experience . Two thirds of them characterized their library 's selection of e-book titles as "  excellent , " "  very good " or "  good . " Of course , there are occasional hitches . Some library patrons reported waiting lists for popular e-books , or that the library e-book was n't offered in a format compatible with their device . Earlier this year , Pew research found that about one in five U.S. adults have read an e-book in the past year , and that e-book users tend to read over 30 % more books per year than people who only read printed material . If e-books encourage people to read more , that 's good for public libraries -- which have a core mission to foster literacy and community engagement with information , culture and civic life . Also , lending e-books allows libraries to potentially serve more patrons beyond the hours and walls of their branches . Eventually this might lead to smaller collections of printed books on library shelves , but it also could free up space to meet growing community needs for meeting rooms and computer labs . Money is a top concern for public libraries . Lately most have been facing an especially severe budget crunch . This is motivating some libraries to making acquiring e-books a higher priority . According to Pew : "  A number of librarians report that some funds for purchasing printed books have been shifted to e-book purchases . Others ' libraries have cut back on other media purchases , such as CD audiobooks , to free up funds for purchases of e-books . " Even though libraries have options to get many e-books for free , lending out many of the most popular titles definitely costs money . And this recently got considerably more expensive for libraries . Publishers have historically sold e-books to libraries  or to distributors such as Overdrive  at prices roughly equivalent to the retail hardcover price . However , in March , one of the largest U.S. publishers , Random House , suddenly increased its library pricing for e-books by as much as 300 % . This was a big blow to libraries , which consider lending current bestsellers to be a critical service . Random House is the only major publisher to make e-books of its entire catalog available to any public library for unrestricted lending . The other "  Big Six " publishers either refuse to allow libraries to lend out their e-books  at least their "  front list " of current bestsellers  , or they require libraries to periodically pay to re-license e-books . Publishers have largely resisted e-book library lending because they 're concerned it might undermine their own e-book sales . Why would consumers buy e-books if they can get them for free at the library ? But evidence indicates that publishers may not have much to fear from library e-book lending -- just like they have n't been hurt by library lending of print editions of current bestsellers . Pew found that nearly half of all Americans who have read a book in the previous year purchased their most recent book . Only one fourth borrowed their most recent book from a friend ; 14 % borrowed it from a library . Furthermore over half of e-book users who also hold library cards told Pew that they prefer to buy -- not borrow -- their e-books . Among the library patrons who are currently borrowing e-books , only one-third say they generally prefer to buy e-books ; 57 % generally prefer to borrow them . But , interestingly , slightly more library e-books borrowers told Pew that when they want to find an e-book , the first place they look is an online bookstore -- not the library . At least one major publisher is warming up to library e-book lending . Last week , Penguin announced a pilot program to allow public libraries in New York City and Brooklyn to lend out its e-books via 3M 's Cloud Drive service . This is notable because last November Penguin pulled its books from Overdrive . The community role of public libraries is evolving , and libraries are seeking ways to better meet the needs of people who are especially in need of their services . Pew found that people who live in households with an annual income of less than $ 30,000 , rural dwellers , and seniors are least likely to have a library card . Pew asked people who do n't already borrow library e-books whether they might avail themselves of library programs that would prepare them for using e-books . Nearly half said they would be "  very " or "  somewhat " likely to borrow an e-reading device that came loaded with a book they wanted . About a third would be at least somewhat likely to take library classes on how to download e-books onto handheld devices  including smartphones  , or classes on how to use an e-reader or tablet computer . Pew also noted : "  Those most interested in these services include some groups that librarians are especially eager to reach . African-Americans , Hispanics , and those who live in lower-income households are more likely than others to say they would be interested in borrowing pre-loaded e-reading devices and take classes about how to use the devices and download books . " Clearly , public libraries have more work to do with spreading the word that they have e-books to lend . It also would n't hurt if the process of borrowing a e-book were less clunky at many libraries . To find out whether your public library lends out e-books , check their website or ask a librarian . Or conduct a library search on Overdrive.com . You 'll need a library card , of course -- so if you do n't already have one  more than 40 % of Americans do n't  , borrowing free e-books might be a good reason to finally visit your public library and get a library card . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Many Americans do n't know whether their public library has e-books , a new Pew report says Those who use e-books read 30 % more books per year than those who do n't If e-books encourage people to read more , that 's good for public libraries However , library e-book acquisition has been complicated by higher publisher prices
CNN  -- Pet owners know that their furry friends can add a little something extra to the spring cleaning chores . CNN spoke with "  the Queen of Clean , " Linda Cobb , a New York Times best-selling author and television personality . Cobb , who owns three cats , knows a thing or two about getting the best of pet messes . CNN : What can pet owners do about pet hair ? Cobb : You can use what 's called a soot and dirt removal sponge . You simply run it over a lampshade -LSB- or the -RSB- upholstery on your furniture , and it actually pulls the hair right off . You can also use a damp sponge . Another good thing to use is rubber gloves . Dip them into water -- keep a bucket of water near you -- shake off the excess water and rub that over the upholstery , and the hair will collect on the rubber gloves . It does a great , great job . The other thing you need is a really good vacuum cleaner . I have found that I prefer one that has a bag in it . I use an Oreck XL . If you 're using a canister vacuum , you have to take it out and then shake it into the trash , which puts all of that dust and that dander and that cat hair and everything else back up into the air . Another good vacuum that is newer to the market is the Halo -LSB- UXV Ultraviolet Vacuum Cleaner -RSB- . That 's the one with the ultraviolet light that kills germs and bacteria as you vacuum . Now , you have to vacuum correctly and go back over the area of the carpet enough times , but that 's a very good vacuum too . If you have someone in the house that is sensitive to cats , has an allergy from them or something like that , there is a product called Allerpet that you can actually just spray on to your pet , and it neutralizes the enzymes in the saliva , which is what people are usually allergic to . This is something that even if the cat licks itself , it wo n't hurt it . CNN : What about pet accidents ? Cobb : If you 've got a hairball , or spaghetti did n't agree with the dog , accident on the carpet , the first thing you do is scream and run to get the paper towels and start trying to pick it up , which drives it down into the carpet fibers . Instead , reach for your baking soda . Sprinkle on a really heavy coat , and I mean heavy , so that it 's completely covering it totally . Walk away . The baking soda will pull the liquid , the bile , the acids from the accident up into it away from the carpet . Once it 's dry , you take the suction hose from your vacuum and simply vacuum that up , and many times you ca n't even tell there was an accident there . For pet urine , the first thing you want to do is put a very heavy , heavy pile of paper towels on it , stand on it , draw all the urine you can away from the carpet . Then pour on club soda and do the same thing . Then you can go in to neutralize it with about a half a cup of water quarter cup of white vinegar . -LSB- Then -RSB- blot that dry . If you have any odor , you want to use an odor eliminator to remove that . Now , that 's not a spray that smells like lavender or oranges or flowers . An odor eliminator has no odor . A really , really fine one is Odorzout . It 's all-natural , so it ca n't hurt the pet . The man who invented it powdered his grandson 's little butt with it when he changed his diaper , that 's how natural it is . If there 's a larger accident and you have a bowel movement on the floor , as long as it 's not diarrhea-like , you can pick that up with a paper towel . I recommend that you immediately treat that with Odorzout , because if your pets can smell what they 've done , they 'll go back to that area because they think it 's OK . CNN : What about the litter box ? Cobb : Cats like to be very , very clean , so to avoid having accidents in other areas because their litter 's dirty , you want to clean every day . If you 're using a regular litter box , there is a product called a Litter Locker ; it 's a little sanitary container for the -LSB- waste -RSB- removal . It 's a fantastic product . I use it for my cats , and I just love it . Now , if you 're using -LSB- an automatic cleaner -RSB- , every few days , you need to make sure that the catch basin is cleaned out . If it overfills and the cat smells that , they do n't want to go in , and then they 're going to start using corners of your house . And you know what ? That 's not their fault . That 's our fault if we do n't keep their litter clean . CNN : How do you keep your pets safe when you 're doing a big spring cleaning ? Cobb : Well , you look for natural products . Do n't use harsh chemicals ; it 's not necessary . Disinfectants have to stay wet on the surfaces for five to 10 minutes to work ; then they have to be rinsed off . They 're not safe for food surfaces . You know what that says ? They 're not safe for your pets to walk on , either . Read when you go to the grocery store . If there 's a natural seal or if they have a green cross on it , they 're a natural , safe , organic product . I recommend so highly the ACT Natural microfiber products from Sweden , the cloths and the mops . Because with nothing but water , they remove 99.9 percent of germs and bacteria and soiling from surfaces . You 're not getting any residue on surfaces , and you 're not spending any money on chemicals , and you 're saving the environment and your health too .	Use rubber gloves to attack pet hair on furniture Reach for the baking soda in case of wet pet messes Allergic to cats ? Spray the cat down with Allerpet Use natural cleaning products to protect your pets
CNN  -- As outrage flares and more questions are raised over the killing of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , President Barack Obama increasingly finds himself drawn to the center of the discussion . Obama has spoken publicly twice about the August 9 shooting of the unarmed African-American teen by a white police officer in the St. Louis suburb , as well as the resulting clashes between protesters and law enforcement . He also released a written statement shortly after Brown was killed . But he 's so far been cautious about wading too deeply into the controversy that is the subject of a local criminal investigation and a separate civil rights probe led by the Justice Department . Concerns about prosecutor in Brown case He has spoken with elected and other leaders , and his public statements have been measured . No presidential visits to Missouri are planned for now although Attorney General Eric Holder is due in Ferguson on Wednesday . "  I have to be very careful about not prejudging these events before investigations are completed . Because , although these are , you know , issues of local jurisdiction -- you know , the DOJ works for me , " Obama told reporters on Monday . "  And then when they 're conducting an investigation , I 've got to make sure that I do n't look like I 'm putting my thumb on the scales one way or the other . " Should Obama be more forceful ? But some believe Obama should be more forceful , especially following community and political criticism of the initial police response to street protests as excessive , and with those demonstrations becoming more violent . "  This President knows better than most what happens in poor communities that have been antagonized historically by the hostile relationship between black people and the police department , " Georgetown University professor Michael Eric Dyson said Sunday on CBS 's "  Face the Nation . " "  It is not enough for him to come on national television and pretend there is a false moral equivalency between police people who are armed and black people who are vulnerable constantly to this . He needs to use his bully pulpit to step up and articulate this as a vision , " Dyson said . CNN political commentator and Morehouse College African-American studies professor Marc Lamont Hill wrote in an op-ed for CNN.com that Obama has "  placed the highest priority " on people remaining calm . "  While this may seem reasonable on its face , particularly against the backdrop of rioting and looting , his words failed to acknowledge the legitimacy of black anger , " Hill said . The White House argues a big speech from Obama on race relations would be difficult right now . "  Pouring gasoline on a fire and lighting the match ? " one senior White House official said . Administration officials said in their discussions with mayors , civil rights leaders and the Congressional Black Caucus , that they 've been told Obama is doing the right thing . Obama talked to governor In his statement on Monday , Obama noted that he has been in touch with Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon , and the state 's two senators , Claire McCaskill and Roy Blunt . The White House emphasized supportive statements it has received from both McCaskill , a Democrat , and more notably , Blunt , a Republican . "  I explained to the President that I 've been pleased with my conversations with the attorney general and civil rights division regarding their helpful understanding that they are n't taking over this investigation , but are conducting a parallel review of the events that led to Michael Brown 's death , " Blunt said in a statement on Monday . "  I continue to believe that this is the best possible way to arrive at a transparent explanation that would be largely acceptable to all of those who have been impacted in the community by this tragedy . " Will Obama visit Ferguson ? Obama also has skirted the question of whether he plans to travel to Ferguson . A senior White House official said such a visit is not in the cards now , but it has not been ruled out . A visit by the President would tax law enforcement resources necessary for his protection instead of devoting those resources to calming the situation , the White House official said . The Department of Justice 's community policing program director , Ronald Davis , will be on the ground to advise law enforcement on how to deal with the protests peacefully , this official said . The White House also views what is happening in Ferguson as partly a policing issue . Better policing practices in working with the community and organizing the response to the protests could calm things down , the official said . Calls for Obama to visit Ferguson are n't likely to ebb soon . On Tuesday , rapper and business mogul Sean "  Diddy " Combs released a video on Instagram calling for such a step . "  Obama , for real , get on a plane . It 's serious , " he said . Magazine : The Aftermath in Ferguson Complete coverage of the Brown shooting	President Obama has spoken publicly twice about the August 9 shooting of teenager by police He says he has to be careful in how he responds , ca n't tip the scales one way or another No plans for Obama to visit Ferguson , but Attorney General Eric Holder will on Wednesday
CNN  -- Tiger Woods said Sunday that he is focused on "  living a life of amends " after "  living the life of a lie " in one of his first interviews since a November car crash outside his home unleashed a media frenzy amid rumors of extramarital affairs . The brief , five-minute interview on ESPN was one of two the professional golfer granted Sunday afternoon at the Isleworth golf club near his home outside Orlando , Florida . The Golf Channel simultaneously aired its similarly brief interview with Woods on Sunday night . Woods credited inpatient and outpatient therapy for helping him start the process toward making amends . "  It was tough , " he told ESPN 's Tom Rinaldi of the therapy . "  To look at yourself in a light that you never want to look at yourself , that 's pretty brutal . ... I saw a person that I never thought I would ever become . " Woods said two of his lowest points in the past four months came when he had to tell his wife , Elin Woods , and his mother about his affairs . "  Those are the two people in my life who I 'm closest to , and to say the things that I 've done , truthfully to them , is ... honestly ... was ... very painful , " he said . Woods told The Golf Channel 's Kelly Tilghman that his mentor and father , the late Earl Woods , "  would be very disappointed in me . " "  I wish I could have had his guidance through all of this , " he told Tilghman . "  Have him help straighten me up . I know he would have done it . " Despite the open nature of the interviews -- both Rinaldi and Tilghman were n't restricted on the questions they could ask -- the notoriously private Woods declined to go into detail about the night of the November car crash , telling Rinaldi that "  it 's all on the police report . " "  Beyond that , everything is between Elin and myself , and that 's private , " Woods said . He also declined to specify what treatment he has been seeking , but did say it will continue despite his announcement last week that he will return to golf at the Masters next month . "  I 'm excited to get back and play , " he told Rinaldi . "  I 'm excited to get to see the guys again . ... I miss competing . But still , I still have a lot more treatment to do , and just because I 'm playing , does n't mean I 'm gon na stop going to treatment . " When asked about what reaction he expects from the fans , Woods said : "  I do n't know . I 'm a little nervous about that to be honest with you . ... It would be nice to hear a couple claps here and there . But I also hope they clap for birdies , too . " In closing her interview , Tilghman asked Woods about a bracelet he was wearing . "  It 's Buddhist , " he said . "  It 's for protection and strength . And I certainly need that . "	Telling wife , mother about his affairs were low points , Woods tells ESPN "  To say the things that I 've done , truthfully to them , is ... very painful , " Woods says Woods gives interviews to ESPN , The Gold Channel near his Florida home Woods says therapy will continue , but declines to say what type he 's received
Kuala Lumpur  CNN  -- More than a month after the airliner they were traveling on was shot out of the skies above eastern Ukraine , the bodies of 20 Malaysian passengers arrived back in Kuala Lumpur as Malaysia observed a national day of mourning . Families of the victims of Malaysia Flight MH17 gathered at the Malaysian capital 's international airport for the repatriation ceremony , as a special chartered Malaysia Airlines Boeing 747 touched down just after 9.30 a.m. local time Friday following its journey from Amsterdam . After the airliner taxied to its stand at the airport 's Bunga Raya complex , usually reserved for receiving visiting dignitaries , it was met by uniformed pall bearers from Malaysia 's armed forces , who proceeded to unload the caskets , which were all draped in the country 's flag , into the waiting fleet of white hearses . The victims ' families were joined by Prime Minister Najib Razak , who escorted King Abdul Halim Mu'adzam Shah and Queen Haminah Hamidun to their seats among the gathering of around 1,000 people . A minute 's silence was observed nationwide at 10.55 a.m. as the last of the caskets was unloaded . "  Last month , 43 Malaysian lives were taken over eastern Ukraine . Today we mourn the loss of our people . Today , we begin to bring them home , " the prime minister said . "  Our thoughts and our prayers are with the families and friends of those who lost their lives . Today we stand with you , united as one . " MH17 , which was en route to Kuala Lumpur from Amsterdam , was shot down by a missile as it flew over Ukraine on July 17 , killing all 298 passengers and crew on board . Forty-three of those on board were Malaysians , including 15 crew members and two infants . Investigators have been carrying out the painstaking task of recovering bodies from the crash site before transporting them to the Netherlands for identification -- a process that could take months , Dutch authorities have warned . About two-thirds of those killed were Dutch , with Malaysians and Australians making up a large proportion of the others . Day of mourning Malaysia Airlines , which experienced its second tragedy this year following the disappearance of Flight MH370 as it flew to Beijing from Kuala Lumpur on March 8 , distributed black ribbons to cabin crew company-wide , while a flag at its offices flew at half-mast . A statement from the airline read : "  Malaysia Airlines is deeply saddened by this devastating tragedy . It has been a long and painful wait for the families and friends of the passengers and crew onboard MH17 . " While the mood at the airport was expectantly somber , the awaiting families were nevertheless prepared for the occasion . Some broke into tears as they shook hands with government ministers and airline crew , but most just took their seats at the side of the tarmac to await the special flight . The motorcade carrying the 20 passengers moved slowly past the families and on towards two Hercules C-130 transport aircraft and three military helicopters . Seven were flown back to their respective hometowns , while the remaining passengers will be transported by land for proper burials . Outside the airport , crowds gathered nearby to catch a glimpse of the ceremony , as many other Malaysians across the country watched a live broadcast . On the roads leading in and out of the airport , cars stopped to allow the convoy of hearses to pass by . First responder : What I saw at Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crash site	Specially chartered Malaysia Airlines flight arrives in Kuala Lumpur Carrying bodies of 20 passengers killed aboard flight MH17 MH17 shot over Ukraine , with the loss of 298 passengers and crew on board
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Flight attendant Sheela Joshi is 5 feet , 4 inches and 148 pounds . Air India has strict weight parameters that all attendants must meet . When they do n't , the airline grounds them . Her employer , Air India , says she is too fat to fly . Joshi , 50 , has been an air hostess -- as they are still called in India -- for the national airline for 26 years . But she 's been grounded because the airline has done away with its wiggle room on weight . Until two years ago , Air India allowed an attendant 's weight to vary within 6.6 pounds  3 kilograms  of a specified limit . It has since put in place strict weight parameters that all attendants must meet . When they do n't , the airline grounds them without pay until they shed the excess pounds . The airline says that someone who is Sheila 's age , height and weight should weigh 143 pounds  65 kilograms  . She misses the mark by 5 pounds . "  It 's very demoralizing , " Joshi told CNN . "  And ... it 's quite humiliating . " "  Weight is always on my mind , " she added . "  They can tell you , ` You look overweight . Please go . ' " Joshi and 12 other grounded attendants sued the airline for weight discrimination . Air India fought back , saying the employees knew the job requirements when they signed up and did n't express concern . Watch airline defend its position " Furthermore , it said , appearance and physical fitness are vital parts of an attendant 's job . "  A  safety concern is also there , " said Air India 's lawyer , Rupinder Singh Suri . "  Because it 's a high action job . And in case of emergencies , the person has to accelerate and move at a very , very fast pace . " Weight used to be a consideration for airlines in the United States , as well . Then , a series of weight-discrimination lawsuits forced carriers to do away with it . Now "  most airlines want candidates with weight proportionate to height , " according to the U.S. Labor Department 's Occupational Outlook Handbook . In the India case , the airline has n't deemed any of the attendants medically unfit -- just over the weight limit . Their attorney contends the move is actually about getting rid of older , well-compensated women in favor of younger ones who will do the job for less money . "  They have spent their entire life working for Indian airlines , " said lawyer Arvind Sharma . "  They were small girls when they came in now . They are 45-plus and they feel bad . " The Delhi High Court recently sided with Air India in the case . Joshi 's attorney has vowed to appeal to the Supreme Court . In the meantime , Joshi and some of her colleagues say they are n't taking any chances . They are going on diets to get airborne again .	Until two years ago , Air India allowed an attendant 's weight to vary within 6.6 pounds Weight-discrimination lawsuits forced U.S. carriers to do away with weight limits In India , the attendants are not deemed medically unfit -- just over the weight limit
CNN  -- A 7.3-magnitude earthquake struck early Friday in the Fiji islands region of the Pacific Ocean , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . According to the U.S.-based Pacific Tsunami Warning Center , "  a destructive tsunami was not generated , based on earthquake and historical tsunami data . " The quake struck at a depth of 626 kilometers , or about 390 miles below the earth 's surface , the Geological Survey said on its website . Its epicenter was 74 miles south-southwest of Fiji 's Ndoi Island , 281 miles south-southeast of the Fijian capital , Suva , and 264 miles west of Nuku'alofa in Tonga , according to the U.S. agency 's estimations . It happened just after 7:30 a.m. Friday , or 3:30 p.m. ET . Initially , it was reported as 7.2 magnitude . Besides the U.S.-based Pacific Tsunami Warning Center , the Japan Meteorological Agency also did not release any tsunami warnings or advisories as a result of the quake .	The U.S. Geological Survey says its depth was 626 kilometers , or 390 miles The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says a "  destructive tsunami was not generated " The quake 's epicenter was estimated as 74 miles south-southwest of Fiji 's Ndoi Island
CNN  -- Eight women and four men convened regularly over 13 months . They heard from dozens of witnesses , considered 30,000 pieces of evidence . All of it was with one question in mind : Who was responsible for 6-year-old JonBenet Ramsey 's death ? On October 13 , 1999 -- nearly three years after the diminutive Colorado pageant queen 's body was found in her home -- the 12 grand jurors went back to their own homes , sworn to silence and with nothing apparently to show for their effort . "  We do not have sufficient evidence to warrant the filing of charges , " then-Boulder County District Attorney Alex Hunter said . The presumption was that the grand jury had n't voted to indict anyone . That included failing to take action against JonBenet 's parents , John and Patsy Ramsey , whom Boulder police had said were under "  an umbrella of suspicion " in the girl 's death . Yet the Boulder Daily Camera , the daily newspaper in that Colorado city , now says there was more to the story . Citing several unidentified jurors as well as an assistant district attorney in Hunter 's office , the paper reports that the grand jury did , in fact , vote to indict the Ramsey parents on charges of child abuse resulting in death . Hunter , the man who presented the case to them , did n't sign the indictment , however , the Daily Camera reports . It 's a decision that Bill Wise , a former prosecutor who was n't directly involved in the grand jury proceedings , confirmed to the paper and said makes sense . "  The state of the evidence in that case was simply inadequate to file a charge , in my opinion , and that obviously was Hunter 's opinion , too , " Wise said . "  Whether it 's against one or two people , you just did n't have the evidence . " Those now in the Boulder County District Attorney 's Office are n't commenting on the report , spokeswoman Catherine Olguin said Monday . But Lin Wood , the Atlanta lawyer for John Ramsey , said , "  I have known for years that Boulder prosecutors did not file charges against John and Patsy Ramsey because the evidence to prosecute them did not exist . " He said Monday that any reported "  confusion of the grand jury over child abuse " could have been addressed had the Ramsey parents testified , as they repeatedly offered to do . Wood also pointed to the 2008 findings from then-District Attorney Mary Lacy that DNA tests ruled out any Ramsey family member 's involvement in the girl 's death . "  The DNA tests performed after the time of the Boulder grand jury not only prove the Ramsey family to be innocent and the grand jury wrong , they also make former District Attorney Alex Hunter a hero who wisely avoided a gross miscarriage of justice , " Wood told CNN . Mom : ` There 's a killer on the loose ' It was December 26 , 1996 -- a day after JonBenet got a bicycle as a Christmas gift -- when Patsy Ramsey said she discovered a three-page ransom note in her Boulder home . Police came and , later that day , found JonBenet 's beaten and strangled body in the family 's basement . Days after burying the girl in suburban Atlanta , where they had previously lived , the Ramseys appeared on CNN . "  There 's a killer on the loose , " Patsy Ramsey said January 1 , 1997 , in an interview that brought an intense national spotlight on the case . "  I do n't know who it is . I do n't know if it 's a she or a he , but if I were a resident of Boulder , I would tell my friends to keep your babies close to you . There 's someone out there . " The parents insisted an intruder committed the crime , but no one was caught and no description was given . In time , the focus turned on the parents : Could they have done it ? Investigators did n't find footprints in the snow outside the home , there was no sign of forced entry . A paintbrush from her mother 's hobby kit was used to tighten the rope that choked JonBenet . And the alleged ransom note was written from paper inside the house and referenced little-known details about the family 's past and its finances . Despite the suspicions , the Ramseys were never named as suspects . But they were a focus of the grand jury , which first convened in September 1998 . On Monday , CNN talked with one juror and another 's spouse , both of whom indicated that -- at the behest of the district attorney 's office -- they would not discuss the case . Messages left by CNN with several other jurors were not immediately answered . But according to Wise and several jurors who talked with the Daily Camera , the decision was eventually made to indict John and Patsy Ramsey . This was even though the jurors were n't sure who , exactly , had killed young JonBenet . "  We did n't know who did what , " a juror told the newspaper , according to a story on its website . "  But we felt the adults in the house may have done something that they certainly could have prevented  JonBenet 's death  or they could have helped her . And they did n't . " 16 years later , still no arrests or charges According to Wise , who worked as a prosecutor for 28 years before retiring , there was disagreement among the eight or so involved in the prosecution about what to do after the grand jury voted to indict . He told the Daily Camera that he thinks his former boss did the right thing not pressing forward with the case , arguing that the evidence did n't show whether Patsy or John Ramsey may have been more directly responsible . "  If I were on a jury , I would not convict either of them , " said Wise . As is , while there have been many twists and turns since the grand jury was discharged in 1999 , there 's been no closure . The Ramseys were busy in March 2000 , releasing their book "  The Death of Innocence , " filing multimillion-dollar lawsuits against media organizations who they say libeled their son  who was 9 at the time of JonBenet 's death  and settling a lawsuit with a tabloid newspaper . That May , the Ramseys returned to CNN to face off with Steve Thomas , a former Boulder police detective who 'd released a book of his own . Thomas claimed the girl died after "  an explosive encounter " over a bed-wetting incident , something the Ramseys fiercely denied . The district attorney 's office , then led by Lacy , took over the case from Boulder police in 2002 . Four years later , there was an apparent breakthrough with the arrest of 41-year-old teacher John Mark Karr in Bangkok , Thailand . This came after he freely -- and repeatedly -- said he was with JonBenet the night she died , although he insisted her death was an accident and that he "  loved " her . But soon after his arrest and return to Colorado , prosecutors announced DNA evidence proved Karr had nothing to do with JonBenet 's death . That same year , 2006 , Patsy Ramsey died at the age of 49 following a fight with ovarian cancer . Then came Lacy 's 2008 letter to John Ramsey , exonerating him and the rest of his family after tests of DNA evidence found in the girl 's underwear and beneath her fingernails . "  To the extent that we may have contributed in any way to the public perception that you might have been involved in this crime , I am deeply sorry , " Lacy wrote . Since then , authorities have said they 'd continued to try to find answers . But despite their work , the case remains as cold as it was on that late December day , some 16 years ago .	A Colorado paper reports a grand jury voted to indict JonBenet Ramsey 's parents The paper cites jurors and an ex-prosecutor , claiming the DA did n't sign the indictment The lawyer for Ramsey 's father says the "  hero " DA averted "  a gross miscarriage of justice " 16 years later , there still have been no arrests or charges in the 6-year-old 's death
At first , Felisha Archuleta thought her young son 's affinity for wearing dresses , primping his hair and playing with Barbies and Bratz dolls indicated he was going through a stage . But Bobby Montoya 's interest in "  girl stuff " has not been short-lived : He 's grown his hair out and has dressed as a girl when he can for much of his 7 years . Bobby 's been "  outspoken " about his gender identity , said Archuleta . The Denver , Colorado , family 's recent attempt to sign up Bobby with Girl Scouts , however , left him in tears , his mother said . A leader said he could not join because of his "  boy parts , " Archuleta told CNN affiliate 9News . The Girl Scouts of Colorado has since said it was an "  inclusive " organization and "  if a child lives life as a girl " he or she is welcome to join . "  When a family requests membership for their daughter , we do not require proof of gender , we respect the decisions of families . " Archuleta does n't label her son , who has been bullied and taunted . "  I consider Bobby to be born in the wrong body . " The Colorado case has brought to light questions about labels and the rapidly evolving discussion about gender non-conforming children . "  A person is going to be who they are going to be , " said Boston-based family therapist Terry Real . "  These children are operating in a hostile environment . As a parent , you are navigating a child in two poles -- authentic to their feelings , the other being on the brunt end of ill treatment . " Despite the uphill battle , psychologists and therapists speak of a "  sea change " toward growing acceptance of children who do n't meet long-held cultural norms . And , they point out , families have more resources to learn about gender variance , including websites and peer and support groups . It can be a complicated discussion , especially when terms like tomgirl , gender fluid or transgender are bandied about . The terms sex and gender are often used interchangeably , particularly on official forms , but sociologists say they are not the same thing . Sex refers to biological and physiological characteristics that define men and women . Gender refers to socially constructed roles and behaviors society considers appropriate for men and women . Gender identity and sexual orientation also are different . Sexual orientation refers to an individual 's enduring physical , romantic , and/or emotional attraction to another person , whereas gender identity refers to one 's internal sense of being male , female , or something else , according to the American Psychological Association . Transgender children and adults are "  people who are being assigned one gender but affirm that they are the other , " said Diane Ehrensaft , a San Francisco Bay Area developmental and clinical psychologist and author of "  Gender Born , Gender Made . " There is little consistent advice for parents , because robust data and studies about transgender children are rare . The rates of people who are transgender vary from 1 in 30,000 to 1 in 1,000 , depending on various international studies . Gender non-conforming children who do not receive support from their families are at higher risk for mental health issues , attempted suicide and drug use , said Real , citing research at the Family Acceptance Project . In some cases , parents should strongly consider working with a gender-sensitive therapist , he said . "  They have experience in helping a child and parent with difficult decisions , " Real said . "  Things like disclosure , how do you talk about it , do you wear your hair long . ... It is the responsibility of the parent to deal with the needs of this child . There are minute-to-minute questions . " The Family Acceptance Project , based at San Francisco State University , has produced videos to support families of transgender children . Research has shown that a high proportion of lesbians , gays and bisexuals are gender non-conforming , said Caitlin Ryan , director of the center . People can be gender non-conforming and heterosexual , she adds . Ryan said parents of non-conforming children should learn more about neighborhood schools . "  Parents need to find out what the school policies are , " Ryan said . "  Do the teachers have training ? Is the school environment overall supportive ? " But experts also said parents must be prudent . "  In some cultures it may not be safe to send your boy to a school in a dress . You can work with schools , " said Ehrensaft . ' "  Support would be to tell the child it is an unfair world and there may be some places it is not safe to be who you want to be . It is not your fault , it is their fault . " Sarah Hoffman , a writer and activist in the Bay Area , blogs about "  parenting a boy who is different . " The writer , who said she uses a pseudonym to protect the safety of her family , said her son , Sam , 9 , represents the gender spectrum -- one foot in the masculine world , one foot in the feminine . For that , she said , her son has endured bullying . Sam sees himself as a boy but has liked tiaras and dresses , Hoffman said . While he has long hair , Sam now usually wears masculine clothes . "  He is just a mix , " Hoffman told CNN . "  The problem is not our kids , " Hoffman said . "  The problem is our culture not accepting kids . " Hoffman said some readers have called her a weak parent for letting Sam express himself . Ehrensaft said she has received e-mails from critics telling her to read the Bible and "  see God 's way . " Ehrensaft and Ryan said they have assisted people who are socially and religiously conservative . "  We help them balance their beliefs with what is happening with their child , " said Ryan . In general , fathers have a harder time accepting gender variance than mothers , experts say . And the culture more often raises eyebrows when a boy dresses as a girl than when a girl looks masculine . "  Girls have more license to express a range of gender presentations until they get into junior high , " said Ryan . By then , they are expected to be interested in boys . The researcher and others stress the importance of parents paying close attention to children showing gender non-conformity . "  They know what feels right to them . They know what clothes they want to wear , " Ryan said . "  They very clearly know who they are . " Parents need to be careful not to rush to a diagnosis and predict a child 's eventual sexual orientation or gender identity , experts said . For example , a child dressed in drag may be depressed and looking for attention -- but not have a gender issue . "  You have to live in a state of not knowing for a while , " said Ryan . "  They are exploring their gender . The most important thing is to give them space for exploration . If you categorize them at age 3 , that could be a big mistake . " Families also should be aware of what may lie ahead , Real said . There could be discussion of delayed puberty and hormone therapy to decrease certain anatomical attributes . Joel Baum , director of education and training at Gender Spectrum , which promotes an "  inclusive environment , " said "  more and more families are seeing their children express themselves a little differently from what others believe . They are kind of saying , ' I am going to see where this goes . ' " "  We do n't talk about the damage we do when we do n't allow a kid to explore this aspect of self , " Baum said . Not everyone is happy with that approach . Regina Griggs , executive director of Parents and Friends of Ex-Gays & Gays , a group that works with people who no longer practice gay , lesbian or transgender lifestyles , said of transgender individuals : "  If they are n't helped to celebrate their true gender they will be confused . " Gender confusion can be sign of a treatable mental disorder , according to Griggs . The American Psychiatric Association is reviewing its current definition of gender identity disorder . Whether a person has a disorder is dependent on how much mental distress it causes , according to the World Professional Association for Transgender Health , composed of doctors , psychologists and others professionals . Simply dressing in a non-traditional way does not mean the person has a disorder . Ehrensaft stressed parents need to become resilient to critics . "  I 'm not letting my child do something , " parents might state , she says . "  I am listening to who my child is . " Felisha Archuleta , who has two older children , said Bobby is still interested in joining the Girl Scouts , but not the same unit he first came in contact with . The Girl Scouts of Colorado is taking such situations "  on a case by case basis , " said spokesperson Rachelle Trujillo . "  This is a pretty new thing for us . " "  I have absolutely heard of many situations of transgender kids who are absolutely living as a girl . Girl Scouts should n't be any different for them , " she said . Archuleta said her son does n't need counseling and does not the dress the way he does because of his environment . "  I know it 's going to be a really hard road for Bobby , " Archuleta said . "  I feel if we are there for him , we will get through it together . "	A 7-year-old Colorado boy who dresses as a girl wants to join the Girl Scouts He initially met resistance ; the scouts now say he is welcome Experts see a sea change in society 's thoughts on gender non-conformity They offer resources and advice for parents
CNN  -- With its vast shopping malls , indoor skiing centers and artificial indoor beaches Dubai can lay claim to the dubious distinction of being one of the most air-conditioned cities in the world . According to the World Bank , the emirate is now one of the largest consumers of energy per capita in the world -- and an estimated two-thirds of that in the summer months is burned on driving air-conditioning . Outside temperatures might reach a searing 50 degrees Celsius ,  122 degrees Fahrenheit  but inside its public buildings the temperature can be so low that people wear jackets . At some cinemas customers can even rent blankets . Energy consumption solely for air-conditioning is now one of the region 's looming headaches . According to Chatham House , neighboring Saudi Arabia could actually be consuming more oil than it exports in 15 years due largely to air conditioning . Read more : Keeping the Qatar World Cup cool The answer to this problem , however , could be closer to home than many previously thought . Engineers are now looking at traditional Arab architecture as a way of providing zero-energy cooling for contemporary buildings , not just in the Arab peninsula but around the world . The wind tower has been a fixture of Middle Eastern architecture for almost 1,000 years , says Ben Hughes , associate professor of building physics at Leeds University , and its solutions are as simple as they are effective . "  The higher up you go , the faster the airspeed is , " said Hughes . "  They used to build the towers as tall as possible , capture the air at high speed . As it hits the tower , there 's a wall that runs down the center of it that forces the wind down into the building . " Read more : How not to approach a desert adventure The build up of a positive pressure inside the building automatically creates a negative pressure on the outside , which means that stale and bad air inside the building is drawn away . "  It creates a siphon effect , " Hughes explained . "  It pushes air into the building and sucks stale and used air out the other side of the wind tower . " The most elegant examples of the wind tower still stand in Dubai 's historic quarter of Al Bastakiya -- known locally as The Creek -- where Persian traders created ornate structures built of stone or mud in the 1850s to cool and ventilate their urban mansions . Often , the towers were wrapped in wet fabric to increase their cooling ability . "  They are absolutely fantastic , " Hughes said . "  Anyone who 's been in one of these naturally ventilated space will tell you that it 's a far healthier environment than an air-conditioned space . " Air-conditioning , he said , provides immediate thermal comfort whereas wind towers fulfill a different function , ridding buildings of the constant build up of CO2 and diminishing stuffiness . Even so , his recently patented contemporary wind tower -- a meter-high box that channels air down into buildings and cools it using gravity to feed a refrigerant liquid through a loop in the box -- has achieved a temperature reduction of as much as 12 degrees in buildings . Read more : Futuristic souk at heart of Dubai 's Expo The beauty of his smaller compact design , he says , is that it saves on the cost of building a heavy and tall wind tower that puts a large structural and expensive burden on the construction . "  The idea of the small , lightweight design is that if you have more of them , you 'll get the same effect without having to pay the additional strengthening structural costs , " he said . As energy costs rise , solutions based on the idea of the Arabic wind tower have become increasingly popular in European contemporary design over the past 10 to 15 years . In the countries that gave birth to the concept such as Dubai -- where air-conditioning , Hughes says , now accounts for 70 % of electricity consumption in the summer -- the wind tower is making a welcome return . "  The idea of taking this design back to the Middle East is that it 's part of their heritage , " Hughes said . "  Qatar in particular has a strategic plan by 2030 to move to a knowledge-based economy and part of that plan is to provide healthy living environments that pays respect to their heritage so it fits really nicely with what they 're doing too . " Read more : Building a hub for higher learning Masdar Institute of Science and Technology outside Abu Dhabi has one of the most spectacular examples of a modern wind tower , using the vernacular style of the traditional structures as part of a 45-meter tower that cools and ventilates the campus ' public space . For Hughes , the answers to one of the Middle East 's most pressing problems -- exponentially rising energy consumption to cool buildings in one of the world 's most inhospitable regions -- was in its back garden all the time . "  It 's always been there but people are lazy , " he says . "  If something allows people to control their space for minimal cost , they 'll take it . "  But as costs rise and decisions get harder about where you 're going to spend your money you need alternative solutions to provide comfort and that 's why we 've taken a traditional technology and dragged it into the 21st century . "	Per capita , Dubai is one of the world 's largest consumers of energy , largely for air conditioning Sustainable cooling could come from adaptation of traditional Arabian wind towers Small lightweight design developed by engineers could be applied to new structures
CNN  -- A man arrested at Cannes Film Festival after firing a gun loaded with blanks during a live TV interview is due to appear in court Sunday , Cannes police said . Canal + was interviewing Christoph Waltz , who won the Academy Award for best supporting actor in "  Django Unchained , " and actor Daniel Auteuil when a man fired two shots from a starter pistol on Friday , according to authorities and the French television station . The man allegedly had a dummy grenade in one hand , and footage and images of the incident showed Waltz and Auteuil being taken offstage and attendees scrambling for cover . The 43-year-old suspect , who fired twice into the air , told police he believed in God and wanted to change the world , a Cannes police spokesman said Saturday . He has been examined by a psychiatrist who concluded that he "  is not mentally ill , " the spokesman said . Many police officers were present at the time of the shooting and the suspect was caught immediately , he said . The court is expected to consider the case against the man , who remains in custody but whose name has not been made public , on Sunday , he said . Celebrity sightings at Cannes ` Fake grenade ' The incident , which occurred on the Canal + set along the popular Promenade de la Croisette -- the main boulevard in Cannes -- briefly interrupted the show . But Canal + anchor Michel Denisot came back on the air a short time later and told viewers : "  The shots fired were blanks and the grenade was fake . That 's what we know . " No injuries were reported . Pictures of the arrest obtained by The Hollywood Reporter showed police wrestling the man to the ground . The man said to a woman next to him , ` If I were you , I would n't stick around here ' , " Denisot later told France 24 . It was far from the typical scripted fare of the Cannes Film Festival , where chaos plays out on screen and not among the audience . The annual festival brings together the rich and famous from around the world for movie screenings and glittering parties . Stolen jewels Earlier the same day , police in Nice said that more than $ 1 million in jewels belonging to the Swiss firm Chopard had been stolen from a hotel room in Cannes . Chopard later said in a statement that the value of the stolen pieces was "  far lower than those in the figures circulating in the media . " The theft of the jewels occurred Thursday night , on the second day of the festival , which opened Wednesday and runs through May 26 . Commandant Bernard Mascarelli , of the Nice police , said the jewelry was stolen from a room in the Suite Novotel hotel on Boulevard Carnot in Cannes . A Chopard employee who was staying in the room left it for several hours to go to dinner , he said . She returned to discover the whole safe containing the jewels had been unscrewed and taken away . No detailed description has yet been given of the stolen jewels , but a Chopard spokeswoman said they were not part of the firm 's "  Red Carpet Collection 2013 " and were not due to be worn by any actresses in Cannes . Chopard , which is an official sponsor of the festival , has provided the Palme d'Or trophy awarded to the director of the best feature film for the past 15 years . The trophy features a 24-carat gold palm attached to a piece of cut crystal . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Pierre Meilhan and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	A 43-year-old suspect is due to appear in court Sunday , a police spokesman says The man fired two rounds from a starter pistol on a Canal + set in Cannes , police say Christoph Waltz and Daniel Auteuil were doing a live interview at the time Canal + anchor tells viewers : "  The shots fired were blanks and the grenade was fake "
Japanese actress Rinko Kikuchi walks Anjali Rao through the streets of Tokyo . She stunned global cinema audiences with her controversial and Oscar-nominated performance as a lonely deaf girl in the film "  Babel . " Rinko Kikuchi is one of Japan 's hottest young actresses and models , recently working with Karl Lagerfeld as the new face of Channel . Despite her success , she remains an unconventional figure in Japan , at odds with the traditional demure image of the Japanese woman and forging a career on her own terms . Talk Asia follows her on a modelling assignment , discusses how her life has changed since "  Babel " and revisits the unique location of one of the film 's most important scenes . E-mail to a friend	Rinko Kikuchi was Oscar-nominated for her performance in the film "  Babel " She has recently worked with Karl Lagerfeld as the new face of Channel She challenges the traditional demure image of the Japanese woman
Some Pennsylvania residents who live near a Chevron natural gas well that exploded , killing a worker , are getting compensation of sorts from the corporation . Free pizza and sodas . Chevron is dispensing 100 gift certificates for pizza and soft drinks to those in the area of Greene County where the February 11 explosion sparked a fire that burned for four days . An employee at Bobtown Pizza confirmed the corporation 's order of gift certificates . The cause of the explosion is still unknown , according to Jeff Rhodes , Greene County 911 Emergency Coordinator . The blast killed a worker and injured another , and although the fire is out gas and heat are still being emitted into the atmosphere , Rhodes said . Chevron 's edible outreach is not sitting well with some recipients . "  Worst apology ever : Sorry our fracking well exploded . Here 's a free pizza , " one angry Twitter user wrote Tuesday . "  Nice community relations : if you are frightened by fire and explosion , relax , have a pizza ! " another tweet stated . One resident who said he wished to remain anonymous because of Chevron 's strong presence in the area told CNN that he received a certificate on Sunday while he and his family were out . He said it was the first and last time they had heard from Chevron regarding the incident . "  It felt like a huge slap in the face , " the resident told CNN . "  I do not feel that they 've addressed anything . I have n't even called their hotline yet because I 'm just too upset . A pizza coupon ? I mean come on ! " In a statement to CNN , Chevron stated that the corporation "  offered a token of appreciation " to neighbors who were affected by the events . A letter also accompanied the gift certificates , according to CNN affiliate KDKA , with the letter stating , "  Chevron recognizes the effect this has had on the community . We value being a responsible member of this community and will continue to strive to achieve incident-free operations . We are committed to taking action to safeguard our neighbors , our employees , our contractors and the environment . " "  We appreciate the strong support we have received from nearby residents as we work to respond to this incident in a safe manner , " the Chevron statement said . The resident who spoke to CNN said he plans to move his family as a result of the incident . "  We 're moving as soon as we can . That 's not their only well near our house . It 's just not safe , " he said . In an update published Tuesday on its website , Chevron said the situation at the well "  remains serious and teams are working around the clock to safely approach and shut the well . "	A Chevron natural gas well exploded last week , killing one worker and injuring another Chevron says "  around the clock " efforts continue to shut the well Meanwhile , 100 certificates for free pizza are sent by Chevron to residents One resident tweets : "  Worst apology ever : Sorry our ... well exploded . Here 's a free pizza "
CNN  -- The mother of "  Good Morning America " host Robin Roberts has died , ABC News reported early Friday . Roberts made it home to Mississippi to see her 88-year-old mother , who died Thursday evening , according to the news network . The morning show host was preparing to leave the show Friday to take an extended medical leave , but left a day early to help her ailing mother . Her mother , Lucimarian Tolliver Roberts , appeared on the morning show several times , CNN affiliate WXYZ reported . The anchor 's extended medical leave follows her June announcement that she 's been diagnosed with MDS , a rare blood disorder that affects the bone marrow Her sister , Sally-Ann , is a match , and the "  GMA " host is scheduled to start her treatments for a bone marrow transplant next week . "  There 's a point that really resonates with me when I think about this time of my life . Life provides losses and heartbreak for all of us , but the greatest tragedy is to have the experience and miss the meaning , " Roberts said Thursday . "  I am determined not to miss that meaning , because through it I have discovered that I have been given many gifts , gifts that will carry me through this difficult time . " She 'll be back to the show soon , she said . Roberts found a match , but others likely wo n't be as lucky CNN 's Breeanna Hare and Jordana Ossad contributed to this report .	Roberts makes it home to see her mother before she passes The death follows the announcement that Roberts has a rare blood disorder She is set to start treatments for a bone marrow transplant next week
Unlike most harried men in many other countries around this time each year , Korean men do n't have to worry about shopping for jewelry or flowers or writing nice cards to give to their significant other on February 14 . Instead , for South Koreans Valentine 's Day is when women shower men with chocolates . It 's also just one romantic day in a whole series of calendar-dictated romantic days . Next up is March 14 . Known as White Day , on this occasion men gift women with candy . Fact : Chupa Chups is the most sold candy . Next is Black Day on April 14 , when downbeat singles who did n't receive any goodies head to local Chinese restaurants to commiserate over their loneliness while eating jjajyangmyeon , or "  black noodles . " Surprisingly , one of the most popular gift-giving days of the year is November 11 , or Pepero Day , so named in honor of a favorite Korean stick-shaped snack .  Link in Korean only Catering to women Throughout the country , stores selling confectionery prepare for months leading up to February for one of their best-selling days of the year . As February 14 nears , visitors to the country will notice lines and lines of women at such stores . Naturally , retailers need to cater to the female shopper 's eye . "  Valentine 's Day is one of our top five days of the year , " Chul-hyun Yoo , the public relations representative for CU convenience stores , told CNN . With 7,900 stores throughout the country , CU is the number one convenience store chain in South Korea , recording almost 3 trillion  US$ 2.8 billion  in total sales last year . "  You can tell what concerns women and men is different by comparing the sales of Valentine 's Day and White Day , " said Yoo . "  Women tend to go for value for money , while men buy big , flashy baskets . " One translation : women are comparatively stingy , while men like to show off . Some of the best-selling items on Valentine 's Day are the Ferrero Rocher chocolates sold in packets of three or five . Fellas , do n't eat all at once . Becoming unhealthy ? At the more upscale Jubilee Chocolatier dessert cafe in Seoul , women line up on the days up to Valentine 's Day to buy handmade chocolates that can be customized with their loved one 's initials . "  Our Valentine 's Day sales make up 20 percent of our entire sales , " said Gae-ra Lee , public relations representative for the cafe . Although the series of romantic days used to cater more towards couples , or those wanting to confess their secret loves using a romantic day as an excuse , in recent years , goodie-gifting on Valentine 's Day and White Day has expanded to include family , co-workers and pretty much anyone you come into contact with on those days . "  I 'm buying chocolates for my father . I feel like Valentine 's Day should about confessing romantic love , " said Jin-hee Oh , 28 , an office worker shopping at Lotte Department store . "  Nowadays , you do n't give chocolates on Valentine 's Day because you really like that person , " said Chun Kyung-woo , a culture reporter for a local newspaper . "  The custom has evolved so that now you have to give small crappy candy that no one actually wants to all your friends and everyone at the office down to your security guard as a show of goodwill , " said Chun . "  It 's unhealthy . " So what did I do ? Along with the other female members of the Seoul office , we each gave the Turner Korea boss some chocolate . Not that he needs it .	Women give men chocolates for Valentine 's Day in Korea Valentine 's Day is just one of many romantic Korean holidays . Next up : White Day Valentine 's Day has evolved to incorporate more than just romantic interests
CNN  -- Portugal striker Cristiano Ronaldo has been unveiled as Real Madrid 's new number 9 , in front of 80,000 passionate fans at the Santiago Bernabeu stadium , after his world record $ 130 million move from Manchester United . Cristiano Ronaldo is paraded in front of 80,000 passionate supporters at a packed Bernabeu stadium . The event marked the culmination of a two-year pursuit of the player by the Spanish club , which defied the global downturn with exorbitant spending to capture the man voted the world 's best footballer by world governing body FIFA . "  I have made my childhood dream a reality -- to play for Real Madrid , " Ronaldo told the packed stands . "  I am just so happy to be here , " he said to a rapturous reception from the gathered thousands . "  I really did n't expect a jam-packed stadium -- this is truly impressive . " Watch tens of thousands greet Ronaldo " Ronaldo is the fourth major signing of the close season by Real , as the club , fueled by the financial muscle of returning president and property magnate Florentino Perez , aims to recapture the glory that has seen them win more European Cups than any other side . The transfer of Brazil 's Kaka and defender Raul Albiol was followed by the arrival of French striker Karim Benzema from Lyon on Thursday , as Perez assembles a second wave of "  galacticos , " following his previous success with big-names such as David Beckham and Zinedine Zidane . Benzema 's transfer fee is reported to be in the region of $ 60 million , taking Madrid 's spending to an astonishing $ 300 million this in recent months . Perez claimed Monday 's event "  might not have a precedent . " "  We are very satisfied to know that you made the firm decision to play for Real Madrid , " Perez said . He told Ronaldo what to expect from his new adoring fans , adding : "  They will ask of you the very best , but will also give you their all . " The attendance at the Santiago Bernabeu stadium swamped the estimated 55,000 that watched Kaka 's unveiling last Tuesday , and is believed to be the biggest turnout for a presentation since a reported 75,000 saw the arrival of Diego Maradona at Napoli from Barcelona in 1984 . Watch fans line up before Ronaldo 's unveiling " Earlier , Ronaldo successfully completed his medical with Madrid after landing in the Spanish capital just after midday . Carlos Diez , Real Madrid 's medical chief , told teh club 's Web site : "  Ronaldo  is in perfect condition and very eager to start the season as soon as possible . " Ronaldo had already undergone initial medical tests with the Spanish giants while on holiday in Portugal last month , which the player claimed at the time had gone "  perfectly " . Diez added : "  He has an extraordinary cardiac and lung capacity . We have complemented everything that we already did in Portugal and done all the specific tests . "  Now we will be able to start working using an individual plan in order to improve his performance . For him  Ronaldo  , it 's a dream , and this dream starts to convert into reality from now . " The number nine jersey was recently vacated by Argentine striker Javier Saviola who joined Portuguese side Benfica last month .	Portuguese winger Cristiano Ronaldo is unveiled as Real Madrid 's new No. 9 Ronaldo paraded in front of thousands of supporters at the Santiago Bernabeu Real Madrid have paid Manchester United world record $ 130 million for player
CNN  -- They came from all over , police say , and at least one carried condoms in his pocket . A middle school teacher , a tourist visiting from Turkey , college students , a businessman from North Carolina . All of them were arrested in a week-long law enforcement operation , which ended Monday , that targeted men seeking sex with children . About 16 Florida law enforcement agencies came together to create the ruse that the suspects were chatting online with children or parents offering up their kids for sex . The men drove down to a pristine home in the city of Oviedo , about 19 miles from Orlando . Footage released by authorities captured their surprise as their illicit date turned into a rough tackle by a posse of officers . The black and white footage shows officers slamming the men against the wall of the home before cuffing them . At least one man led police on a brief footchase in the front yard before they took him down . One of the men , authorities said , was a Florida high school English teacher who arrived at the decoy home with condoms in his pocket planning to have sex with a 14-year-old girl . Before coming to the home , he sent photos of himself to the undercover officer , Florida detectives said . "  He said he had a lot to lose , " Seminole County Maj. Dennis Lemma told reporters . A middle school science teacher arrived , planning to have sex with a 14-year-old boy , authorities said . Another man arrested was an elementary school interpreter for deaf children , investigators said , who had posted an online advertisement for a 13-year-old boy . A school janitor also turned up , police said . In all , 50 suspects where arrested . They ranged in ages of 19 to 60 . 245 arrested in U.S.-led child sex abuse operation 2 arrested in child porn cases after request for public 's help	Police : The men thought they were chatting with children Suspects were in fact talking to undercover officers They were arrested when they drove to a Florida home Three teachers and a janitor were among those arrested
CNN  -- Take some bills out of your wallet . Read the signatures . What do you have ? I 've got a couple of Henry Paulsons , some Robert Kimmitts and a Stuart Levey . But now , the currency of the greatest nation on Earth will carry a scribble that has been variously described as curly fries , a phone cord , a bendy straw or simply the "  Boing ! " sign from a comic strip . That 's the signature of Jacob "  Jack " Lew , President Obama 's nominee for secretary of the Treasury , and it has lit up the blogosphere . So instead of going crazy because the Cabinet is in sore need of a binder full of women , what the "  boing " is going to do to our money is the big deal . I know a guy who is a great artist , and his signature is mainly a straight line interrupted by a bump in the middle , which could have been caused by someone accidentally hitting the table . But he is an artist and can do what he wants . I also know people who have had their 1040 tax returns rejected by the IRS for a boing-style signature . Is it possible that our Treasury secretary could have his tax returns go awry because of his penmanship ? Could the Chinese start rejecting the almighty dollar because they think the boing looks too weird ? Or could his signature mean something else in Chinese , like "  We will bury you " or "  This is Monopoly money " ? Jack Lew is a Harvard-Georgetown , really smart type of guy , and God knows we probably owe him a lot . He 's been a good chief of staff in just keeping the birthers out of the Oval Office so Obama could govern . But please , Mr. Lew , retire the boing . After all , "  Lew " is only three letters long . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Mike Peters .	President Obama has nominated Jacob "  Jack " Lew for Treasury secretary Treasury secretaries sign U.S. currency bills ; check your dollars out Jack Lew 's loopy signature looks like a "  boing , " telephone cord or maybe curly fries
CNN  -- The 21st century is a terrible time to be a control freak . When I speak with leaders around the world and ask them what one thing has most changed for them over the last 15 years , they almost always cite the perceived loss of control . The thing they cite as the major reason ? "  Connection technologies " -- technologies like the internet and mobile phone networks that connect people to information and each other . Media and information environments , political agendas , social movements , governmental decision-making processes and control over corporate brands have all been disrupted by citizens using what are now billions of devices and billions of internet connections . Information no longer flows exclusively from mainstream media and government out to society . It flows in a vast network of citizens and consumers interacting with once-dominant information sources . This network of people is constantly reading , writing , and evaluating everything , shaping the ideas that guide society and politics . In a ground-breaking speech on internet freedom given by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in January 2010 , she described this by saying that the "  spread of information networks is forming a new nervous system for our planet . " A little bit of hindsight shows that this disruption has come to the foreign policy domain . Should we fear mind-reading future tech ? We can draw at least three early conclusions about the impact of these connection technologies on the development of political movements : Conclusion # 1 : These technologies accelerate the growth of social and political movements . Distance and time no longer limit access to real-time information . Movements that would have once taken years to develop and relied on strong ties between people well-known to each other now can be built in days or weeks , leveraging the relatively open platforms that social media provide . This phenomenon is plain to see in world events as diverse as the Arab Spring , political protests in Russia , disaster response in Japan , and the populist online movements supporting open internet policies in Europe and the United States . Conclusion # 2 : Connection technologies have enriched the information environment , changing our ability to share and receive information . Many people know the story of Mohamed Bouazizi , a fruit vendor from the small town of Sidi Bouzid in Tunisia whose self-immolation on December 17 , 2010 , catalyzed what became the Arab Spring . On December 18 , his mother and other family members began a protest that spread to the rest of Tunisia . What most people do n't know , though , is that just two years earlier there were protests in Tunisia that started off far larger but failed to spread beyond the confines of the Gafsa mining basin where they began . What changed in those two years ? During the initial protests in Sidi Bouzid , acts of protest were documented on video-enabled mobile phones and posted to social media sites . Activists in the Tunisian Diaspora curated and distributed this content , leading to its pick-up by pan-Arab satellite television networks including Al-Jazeera . This allowed students with a few dozen friends and followers on social media to become eyewitness sources for satellite TV networks that broadcast their stories to hundreds of millions of viewers . The Tunisian government of president Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali was unable to contain this flow of media and information . This combination of new and traditional media can amplify the voices of citizen-centred movements into potent political forces and demonstrate how governments lose control over their information environments . Opinion : Humans , lose your cyberphobia Conclusion # 3 : New information networks have disrupted leadership structures . Internet-enabled movements tend to lack the traditional single charismatic leader , inspiring and organizing the masses from on high . Rather , movements that rely heavily on the internet tend to have leadership structures that look like the internet itself -- a distributed web of nodes and connections , rather than a pyramidal , top-down structure . This enables a decentralized form of organization bringing together unlikely combinations of people into rapidly formed movements . While this has the virtue of making movements more citizen-centered and less bound to the cults of personality one often finds in and around protest movements , it also makes these movements more ephemeral and less sustainable . A lack of real structure and widely-accepted leaders has limited the sustainability of many movements , both political and issue-oriented . More than anything else , we can draw the early conclusion that connection technologies redistribute power from hierarchies to citizens and networks of citizens . These technologies are changing the entire political ecosystem . They are changing the nature of who is participating , who has power and how that power is exercised . Most of the time , this is a good thing . It allows for more open , transparent and participatory government . It allows citizens to make their voices heard and participate in the political process . A look back at all the action LeWeb '12 London : Day one However , the same power given to people seeking to connect the governing to the governed also gives the world 's criminals and terrorists powerful tools to build sophisticated networks through which to perpetuate fraud , graft , and violence . In this respect , Secretary Clinton has likened our information networks to nuclear power , which can either fuel a city or destroy it , and to steel , which can be used to build a hospital or a machine gun . It is difficult to imagine how connection technologies will shape political movements and systems over the next decade , but we can anticipate more empowerment of the citizen and more disruption , for both good and ill . How political leaders respond to this connectivity and its power will be a test of values , open versus closed . Closure strictly constrains the benefits technology can bring and separates the aspirations of the governed from the governing . Openness brings transparency , democratizes information , and empowers people to achieve things together that none could attain by themselves . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alec Ross .	Media and government have been disrupted by citizens with internet connections , say Ross "  Connection technologies " are technologies that connect people to information and each other Ross runs through the impacts of connection technologies on political movements
Moscow  CNN  -- Cosmonauts walked on the surface of Mars on Monday , nearly a year into a mission to the red planet . Unfortunately , it 's only a simulation , designed to test what would happen on a real flight to Mars . The project is an attempt to simulate the experience of a manned trip to Mars , with an international team of researchers locked in a windowless capsule for about a year and a half -- time required for a round trip to the next planet out in the solar system . Starting in June of last year , the all-male "  crew " of six -- three from Russia , one from France , one from Italy and one from China -- began spending 520 days in the cramped and claustrophobic conditions of a special facility in Moscow , following a strict regimen of exercise and diet . They "  landed " on Mars on Saturday , and on Monday , Russia 's Alexander Smoleyevsky and Italy 's Diego Urbina completed their first walk on the "  Martian surface . " The cosmonauts wore specially modified light-weight spacesuits for the 40-minute simulated walk . "  For centuries Europeans have been exploring the Earth , led by such people as Columbus and Magellan . Today , looking at the landscape of this red planet , I can imagine how exciting it would look with the eyes of the first person who steps his foot on Mars , " Urbina said after he and Smoleyevsky planted flags of the four countries participating in the project into the "  Martian surface . " Two other such walks are scheduled for Friday and February 22 , according to Igor Ushakov , director of the Moscow-based Institute for Biomedical Problems , the main organization coordinating the project . Organizers at the European Space Agency and Russia 's Institute of Biomedical Problems hope the project will shed light on the physical and psychological effects of the long isolation that future Mars astronauts will experience . "  This study is not useful only for Mars , but also for life on Earth , " Urbina , 27 , said in a news release when the mission began last year . The researchers communicate with Mission Control via the internet , with occasional disruptions and a 20-minute delay to imitate the effects of space travel . They are performing tasks similar to astronauts at the international space station , such as maintenance and scientific experiments , but for a longer period of time . They follow a seven-day week with two days off , except when special and emergency situations are simulated . The latest isolation test is the last and longest part of the Mars500 experiment , which began in 2007 . The first phase was a 14-day simulation that mainly tested the facilities and operational procedures . The second phase followed in 2009 , when four Russian and two European crew members were shut into the facility for 105 days . Actual missions to Mars have thus far been unmanned . Speaking at a press conference at Mission Control on Monday before the walk , Vitaly Davydov , deputy head of the Russian Space Agency , said that the "  main task of the project is to determine the list of problems " that real space crews flying to Mars might be encountering . He said such a manned flight to the planet could take place in two decades . "  Twenty years is a good time to prepare for such an expedition . I think it is quite realistic , " he said , adding that no specific date for that is scheduled yet . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko and journalist Derrick Ho contributed to this report	Mars500 is a simulated mission , designed to see how people cope with the conditions Six cosmonauts have been shut up in the simulator since June 2010 Monday they pretend to walk on the surface of Mars
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Thirty-six people were killed and dozens were injured in explosions at a market in Lahore , Pakistan , on Monday , an official said . Rizwan Naseer , chief of Lahore 's rescue service , also said 109 people were wounded . The explosions did not appear to be a suicide attack but could instead have been bombs detonated by remote control , Punjab Police Chief Tariq Salim said . The nation 's state-run news agency , Associated Press of Pakistan , said the blasts were the result of "  bomb explosions . " The explosions occurred at Moon Market in the Iqbal Town neighborhood , the news agency said . It cited Iqbal Town Division 's Ali Nasir Rizvi as saying most of the victims were women . Khusro Pervaiz , a senior government official in Lahore , said in a television interview that 60 people had been taken to five Lahore hospitals . The blasts happened around 8:45 p.m. at the popular market , said Rai Nazar Hayat , a spokesman for Lahore police . Earlier , ten people were killed -- including two police officers -- when a suicide bomber detonated outside a district courthouse in Peshawar on Monday , officials said . At least 36 were injured , six of them seriously , said Dr. Hameed Afridi , CEO of the Lady Reading Hospital . The bomber got out of a rickshaw and detonated himself , according to witnesses . The attacker was wearing a suicide jacket with about 6 kilograms of explosives , said Shafqat Malik , head of the North West Frontier Province bomb disposal unit . Peshawar is the capital of the Northwest Frontier Province , where the Pakistani government waged a recent military offense against Taliban militants . Meanwhile , five people were hurt in a bomb attack in Quetta on Monday morning , said Jamil Kakar , a Quetta police official . The explosives were placed in a car and destroyed two other cars and three motorbikes . The courthouse attack comes three days after four militants armed with guns and grenades stormed a mosque in Rawalpindi frequented by military personnel . At least 36 were killed and 75 wounded . Among the dead were 17 children , according to military officials . Also killed were an army general and eight other military officials , six of senior rank . The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the mosque bombing . The Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan reiterated its claim in an e-mail to CNN the next day , after media outlets quoted officials who doubted the group 's participation . "  We reconfirmed it , that the TTP has done it and will do more which are already planned , " the group said in the e-mail . "  We once again mention that we are not against the innocent people and the state of Pakistan but against those officers and ministers who are American by hearts and minds and Pakistani just by faces . " Rawalpindi is the headquarters of the Pakistani army . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	36 dead , dozens hurt following two explosions at market in Lahore Explosions could have been bombs detonated by remote control , police say Ten killed , including two police officers , in suicide attack in Peshawar
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- A man took off his sandal and charged toward Suresh Kalmadi , the chief organizer of last year 's Commonwealth Games , as the arrested official arrived for a court hearing Tuesday . Police immediately overpowered the attacker as officers hurried Kalmadi to the courtroom . The attacker was identified as a former lawyer . Kalmadi was arrested Monday on corruption charges in connection with the October 2010 Games in the Indian capital . Officials contend that Kalmadi , as head of the games ' organizing committee , bought a score-keeping system from a Swiss company at "  inflated costs . " He denies wrongdoing . In February , investigators arrested two other senior officials involved in organizing the Commonwealth Games . They were taken into custody for the same suspected over-priced purchase of the score-keeping system .	Police overpower the attacker , a former lawyer Kalmadi is accused of buying a score-keeping system at "  inflated costs " He has denied wrongdoing
CNN  -- Fifty-three determined men and women will sport Nigeria 's green and white colors during the London Games -- the second-biggest Olympic team hailing from Sub-Saharan Africa -- carrying the nation 's hopes for the first gold medal in 16 years . Amongst those bidding for Olympic glory is canoeist Johny Akinyemi , the first athlete to paddle for Nigeria at the world 's major sport event -- the 23-year-old enters the race on July 29 , just two days after the Games ' opening ceremony . Born and raised in the UK to a Nigerian father and a British mother , Akinyemi 's path to the 30th Olympiad has been as winding as the whitewater courses he navigates . He first started canoeing aged 12 in northern England and in 2006 he emerged as the junior British national champion . But a year later he gave up his top ranking in the country of his birth to compete for the country of his heritage following a visit to his father 's homeland -- a trip he describes as a "  baptism of fire . " "  It was just such a great experience , " remembers Akinyemi of his time in the West African country . "  Just to see where your roots are , to see your heritage and what makes you a person -- there 's a Nigerian boy within me and there 's a British boy within me , I 've only seen the British side of things until I went back to Nigeria and saw my Nigerian heritage and that 's something I 'm proud of . " Read more : Weymouth -- Olympic sailing on Jurassic Coast Akinyemi says people in Nigeria "  welcomed him with open arms , " making it easier for him to embrace his roots and change his Olympic allegiance . "  It made a lot of sense to me because there 's always been questions about my identity which has been unanswered until I started to look into my family and my family history and stuff like that and gone back to my roots . " A talented athlete , Akinyemi wants to leave his mark in this year 's Olympics . In 2008 Akinyemi came agonizingly close to going to the Beijing Games but missed out on qualification by a single place . That failure made him more determined to train even harder to improve his power , technique and speed and be able to compete at the top level in the physically demanding sport of canoeing . In February this year his Olympic dream finally came true when he made Nigerian history by winning the 2012 African slalom championships and securing a place for London . Akinyemi says he will never forget that moment in time . "  It was such a great feeling getting an Olympic spot because I worked so hard for it -- it took so long coming after the 2008 Olympics , " he explains . "  It 's just such a good feeling that you actually achieved what you wanted to go out there and do . " Read more : Art of the Olympic Games Akinyemi 's victory in this year 's African slalom championships came after he beat Benjamin Boukpeti , a household name in canoeing who is also a dual citizen competing for a faraway country . Boukpeti , a bronze medalist at the Beijing Games , was born and raised in France but has chosen to represent his father 's home country of Togo . "  Most people did n't think I would beat Benjamin but to go out and do it was such a good feeling . I surprised myself a little bit even with that one , " says Akinyemi . "  It 's really good to have such high competition in Africa , " he adds . Read more : Legendary athlete nurtures Kenyan youth Now , just days before his quest for Olympic success gets underway , Akinyemi admits he is "  pretty nervous " but adds that he is looking forward to his first Olympiad . He says he 's determined to give his best and try to win for his country and make his father proud . "  If I won a medal it would mean everything , all the hard work would be worth it , " he says . "  My dad would be so proud because he was proud of me for qualifying for the Games and he spent a lot of time in Africa helping me get to where I am today . So I think it would be really good , it would almost be winning it for him . " But win or lose , Akinyemi , who is also studying to be an accountant after his sporting career is over , wants to make sure that Nigeria stays on the canoeing map . He says there is a lot of potential in Nigeria for the sport and many more athletes can follow in his footsteps . "  We need to now push it to develop more canoe slalom athletes , to develop the canoe slalom world in Nigeria , " he says . "  I just think we have so much potential . It 's deep rooted in Nigerian culture . We just need to get the kids and the youngsters into a competitive environment , into the right types of packs and canoes so they can race . "	Johny Akinyemi , 23 , is Nigeria 's first Olympic canoeist Born and raised in Britain , Akinyemi changed his Olympic allegiance five years ago He is the winner of the 2012 African slalom championships "  If I won a medal it would mean everything , " he says ahead of the London Games
CNN  -- A Spanish court has reopened an investigation into an allegation that one of the world 's richest men , Saudi Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal , raped a young woman on a yacht on the island of Ibiza in 2008 . But the prince says that not only is he innocent , but that he has n't even been in Ibiza in more than a decade -- and that others have tried to impersonate him . The woman filed her complaint in Ibiza in August 2008 , but a local judge shelved it last year , citing a lack of evidence that a crime had been committed , according to court documents . The woman appealed to the next highest court , the Balearic Island Provisional Court , which ruled that the lower court in Ibiza should reopen the investigation . According to court documents obtained by CNN , the victim argued in her appeal that the real reason the lower court tossed out the case was that the alleged perpetrator was a powerful member of the Saudi royal family . A second document shows that the lower court has complied with the latest ruling , labeling Prince Alwaleed as a person an "  imputado , " or someone "  under official investigation , " and is seeking a statement from him . Being named an imputado is a step short of an indictment . The Saudi prince , a billionaire and the biggest foreign investor in companies such a News Corp. , said in a statement that it was not until this week that he learned of the accusation . "  These allegations are completely and utterly false , " said a statement from his investment firm , Kingdom Holding Co. "  The alleged encounter simply never happened . " According to the statement , the prince does n't even vacation in Spanish waters . Travel records show that he was elsewhere on the night of the alleged rape and in the company of others , the statement says . But Max Turiel , one of the lawyers for the alleged victim , says there is evidence that they want to the court to examine further . According to the court documents , the woman believed that her drink had been drugged . She sent a text message to a friend stating as much . She awoke on a yacht to find she was being sexually assaulted by a man she identified as Prince Alwaleed , according to court documents . Turiel told CNN that "  there were remains of semen " that should be examined against the prince 's DNA , as well as "  remains of a tranquilizer that produced the symptoms she had . " The evidence came from tests carried out 30 hours after the alleged rape , the attorney said , so the alcohol was gone from her body , but not the drug or the DNA . Turiel said the alleged victim 's mother could answer questions from CNN , but only through e-mail . He provided responses to CNN 's questions that he said were from the mother . CNN can not independently confirm that the message was from the victim 's mother . "  She wanted to reopen the case due to the huge injustice and a feeling of a helplessness ; powerful people should not take undue advantage of it and have others subjected to them , " the message said . The message described the "  man or men " who allegedly abused the young woman as powerful individuals who threatened her on board the yacht . Asked if her daughter was afraid to appeal the case , the mother said , "  Part of the fear has a lot of dignity and that ca n't be bought nor scared off with threats . " The young woman , a dual Spanish and German citizen , is now 23 years old , the e-mail said . Asked for additional comment on Thursday , Prince Alwaleed 's representatives did not immediately respond to CNN .	A judge rules that a lower court must reopen the rape case The alleged victim says she was drugged and raped She identifies Saudi Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal as the perpetrator The prince says he was in a different place at the time of the alleged attack
CNN  -- When it comes to football , the New York-New Jersey divide is a long and complicated one . Both New York-branded NFL teams -- the Jets and the Giants -- share fans from across the tri-state area , blurring state lines and loyalties . And both teams play at Metlife Stadium in New Jersey , where the Super Bowl will be held February 2 . The official Super Bowl Host Committee estimates the game will bring in between $ 550 and $ 600 million in revenue to New York and New Jersey . In addition to the influx of Super Bowl-goers eating and staying in the region , there will be concerts , meet-and-greet events with the players and even a toboggan set up smack in the middle of Times Square . But James Cassella , the mayor of East Rutherford , New Jersey , where the game will be played , said it 's unlikely his town will cash in much . "  I 'm hoping that we at least break even , " said Cassella , who has been mayor of the town of 9,000 for 19 years . Tax revenue from the town 's five hotels will provide a slight bump for East Rutherford , but Cassella is skeptical that it will reap many more benefits . Game-day transportation is set up so visitors must enter MetLife Stadium by bus or train . Cassella said he doubts local businesses will see significant gains from spectators . The town also has had to ramp up its police presence for the week . "  This has already cost us , " he said , adding that even though the event is in New Jersey , "  It 's a New York event . " "  People  of East Rutherford  are proud to say there will be 150 million people watching and looking at East Rutherford , even though all the outside shots will be of New York City , " Cassella said . The NFL dismisses the theory that the Super Bowl is a New York-centric event . "  There are more activities in New Jersey than New York , " NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy said . The players are staying in Jersey City and all their media appearances and training will be held in the state . Still , the issue is sensitive for some . On Monday , U.S. Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey corrected one of his Twitter followers who tweeted the incorrect location of the game . "  NO ! The Super Bowl is in New Jersey , " he responded . At a press conference on Thursday , U.S. Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey scoffed at the NFL 's official Super Bowl program cover , which shows the Vince Lombardi trophy with New York as its backdrop . A small sliver of New Jersey can be seen in the background . "  For all of those who are geographically challenged , welcome to New Jersey , welcome to the home of Super Bowl XLVIII , " he said . The so-called Super Bowl Boulevard will be across the Hudson River from MetLife Stadium , in midtown Manhattan . Parts of Manhattan , including the stretch of Broadway from 34th to 47th streets , will be closed to traffic from January 26 through February 2 to make room for a toboggan run , a concert stage and an exhibit featuring the Vince Lombardi Trophy . Mayor Bill de Blasio said the Super Bowl is "  hugely important " for New York and he believes the event will be "  an extraordinary moment for New York City . " De Blasio will be involved in Super Bowl festivities in some capacity , although it 's unclear whether he will attend the game , said Marti Adams , chief spokesperson for the mayor . Cassella , East Rutherford 's mayor , said he has not been invited to the game . He plans to attend a community tailgating party and then watch from home . "  I 'll be sitting in my recliner , " he said , "  enjoying the game . "	New York and New Jersey fight for profits from Super Bowl XLVIII Organizers estimate game will generate at least $ 600 million for the two states East Rutherford , New Jersey , where game will be played , hopes to break even
SACRAMENTO , California  CNN  -- Debbie Brown used to process medical and dental forms for a living before a debilitating illness forced her into early disability retirement and left her in a simple , no-frills wheelchair -- a rented wheelchair that has cost taxpayers about $ 1,200 . CNN found a wheelchair similar to Debbie Brown 's taxpayer-funded Medicare wheelchair for a fourth of the price . Brown says the public should be outraged about her wheelchair . Why ? She says she could buy a comparable wheelchair on the Internet for $ 440 if she had the money . It sounded hard to believe that her rented , $ 1,200 taxpayer-funded wheelchair could be bought for $ 440 , so CNN decided to check -- and instead found an even better deal . CNN went to the same company that charges Medicare for Brown 's chair , Apria Healthcare , and bought it for $ 349 -- about a fourth of what taxpayers ' have paid for Brown 's rented wheelchair . That 's why this slightly built woman , who lives modestly with her husband in Sacramento , California , believes her story and her wheelchair underscore the bigger problem of reforming health care in America . "  Now you multiply that by how many people have a manual wheelchair , especially the baby boomers , it multiplies and multiplies and that money could be spent , even a hundred dollars out of that ... could give someone else the options that they need , " Brown said . Reforming health care is at the top of the agenda in Washington . Everyone seems to agree this nation 's health care costs and care availability are out of whack . Fixing it is another problem altogether . The Clintons failed . President Bush tried and got push-back as well . Now President Obama says he will do it because America ca n't put it off any longer . But he , too , is finding the way forward is not an easy path . Terms like "  affordability , " "  single payer , " "  universal coverage , " and an entire lexicon have become part of the health care buzz lingo . It is a complex issue with so many facets , so many lobbyists and so many special interests that one proposal seems to result in a competing proposal or proposals , or competing parties with concerns of their own . To illustrate how difficult it will be to overhaul America 's health care , CNN decided to focus on one item in the nation 's health care bill : a basic wheelchair . The wheelchair , in its own small way , CNN discovered , gives a glimpse of the contentious and complex debate swirling around health care reform . CNN interviewed Brown and her husband , Dennis Brown , at a community center in Sacramento . It is a place the couple visits frequently ; it is free , offers programs , books , entertainment and features a park to stroll in . Debbie Brown sent an e-mail to CNN months ago , outraged over the continuing Medicare payments for a wheelchair that after four years of use is not in the best shape . It squeaks and is hard to navigate . Her ride in it is made more difficult because her husband , retired from the armed services , is also on disability and has trouble getting the wheelchair in and out of the car . On days he is not well , he sometimes has trouble pushing her . She showed CNN her bills and documented the fact that Medicare is still paying for the wheelchair after all these years . Medicare , with Brown 's permission , confirmed the payments . Brown referred us to the Internet sites where comparable chairs -- and better ones than hers -- are listed for a fraction of the cost Medicare pays over time . The Browns have a limited income and say they can not afford to buy one . That 's when CNN decided to check Brown 's story by buying one directly from Apria , based in Lake Forest , California . CNN paid cash for the chair after calling one of Apria 's offices in an Atlanta , Georgia , suburb . Apria representatives told the CNN buyer that the chair Brown had is no longer made but offered the model that is being rented and sold as the replacement model for the one Brown still uses . When CNN asked Apria why it rented wheelchairs to the government for $ 1,200 , but sold it to us for $ 349 , the company said it was an "  honest , unfortunate mistake . " Lisa M. Getson , Apria executive vice president for government relations , said in a letter that CNN "  should have been charged $ 949 , in accordance with Apria 's retail price ... " "  Since there 's no comparable sale option in the Medicare system for such a wheelchair , our employee was confused by the sale request and charged the incorrect amount , " Getson said . But the amount CNN paid is comparable to many other companies ' prices on the Web . A quick check found two firms selling the Invacare Tracer SX5 for $ 289.00 and $ 249.00 , including delivery . The manufacturer 's suggested retail price is nearly $ 300 less than the corrected Apria price . Apria Healthcare said its costs are higher because of the stringent paperwork required by the government and because it provides 24-hour on-call service . Apria also points out that the cost of the wheelchair over the past four years has been less than 78 cents per day , a bargain because it allows the patient to remain at home . Wheelchairs are classified as durable medical equipment , along with such items as oxygen tanks and home infusion therapies . Apria is the nation 's leading provider of home health care products and services , according to its Web site . The nation 's $ 1 billion annual durable medical cost is only a fraction of Medicare 's $ 444 billion budget last year , but one government officials believe it is time to rein in . That 's where this story of the rented wheelchair gets caught between all the interests involved . Congress sets the rates Medicare pays and Congress determined that wheelchairs should be billed on a monthly rate for 13 months -- the renter has to pay 20 percent of the costs . After 13 months , a user can opt to own it -- if the user knows about the rule . Brown , who worked in claims processing for years , said no one ever told her the wheelchair that barely works for her now is hers if she wants it . Instead , now that her rental term has ended , she gets billed by Apria every six months for service . Medicare pays $ 63 and she pays $ 16 . Jonathan Blum , one of Obama 's picks to reform the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , said it is simply wrong that a wheelchair an individual can buy for $ 349 has cost the government $ 1,200 . He said the government has a plan to fix it : competitive bidding . "  The good news is we have new authority right now to use competitive bidding to give the program much more flexibility , " Blum said . But that 's where the rubber -- or in this case , a wheelchair -- meets the road . Medicare has tried for years to get a bidding project off the ground . Last year , a bidding project was stopped after two weeks . The industry is flat-out against the government 's proposed bidding project , contending it is n't competitive bidding at all . Opposing a bidding project is a well-funded lobbying industry , small - and durable-equipment businesses and special-interest groups who worry their ill clients wo n't be served if a bidding process as proposed by Medicare is put in place . So CNN loaded its wheelchair onto a Delta 757 to Washington and rolled it through the halls of Congress to find out why any representative -- not to mention 84 of them  the number who signed an April letter asking that competitive bidding be put on hold once again  would object to a plan that Medicare maintains will save taxpayer money . From Republican and Democrat alike , the answer was nearly identical as they sat for interviews next to CNN 's $ 349 wheelchair . "  Well , you know what ? I am a big believer in competitive bidding , " said Rep. Betty Sutton , a Democrat from Ohio , where Invacare , one of the biggest manufacturers of durable equipment , is based . "  So at the outset I absolutely concur . But this program as it has unfolded , as it 's been developed it really is a competitive bidding process that is n't competitive bidding . " Rep. Marsha Blackburn , a Republican from Tennessee , agreed . "  My hope is that as we look at health care reform that some of those that are working off of theory , if you will , and the federal system will slow down and we look at where the lessons learned should be and we will think long and hard before they move aboard a single-payer or mandated to restrict choice and restrict options for individuals , " said Blackburn . The American Association for Homecare , which represents many in the durable-equipment industry , said the bidding program is anti-competitive . In a statement , the association said the bidding program would "  sacrifice care for seniors and people with disabilities " as it "  reduces patient access to and choice for medical equipment . " The association said competitive bidding will "  increase Medicare costs because it will lead to longer , more expensive hospital stays . " But John Rother , the head of policy and strategy for the retiree advocacy group AARP , said what 's really happening is business trying to protect profits -- in this case profits four times the cost of Brown 's wheelchair rental . "  It 's an outrage , " Rother said . "  It 's a ripping off of the taxpayer . It does n't make any sense to have those kinds of expenses for products that could be bought for so much less . " Medicare again plans to try to get its competitive bidding program started later this year in at least nine markets , although Blum said it is unlikely to go into effect until next year . As for Brown , her four-year-old wheelchair needs replacing . She 's reluctantly applied through her doctor for a new one . CNN 's Marcus Hooper contributed to this report .	Woman : Rented , $ 1,200 taxpayer-funded wheelchair can be bought for $ 440 CNN found chair that could be bought for a fourth of the price Debbie Brown believes her story , wheelchair underscore problem health care reform Legislators , companies debate competitive bidding to fix problem
CNN  -- It 's been said time and again that you ca n't teach an old dog new tricks , but what about giving one a new lease on life ? Animal rights organizations like the ASPCA and shelters nationwide have taken to observing November as Adopt-A-Senior-Pet Month . To mark that occasion , some of the top senior pooches on social media are taking the cause into their own hands ... er , paws . Marnie , a 12-year-old Shih Tzu , is one of them . Within the past year , Marnie has grown into an Internet superstar , with more than 500,000 Instagram followers and considerable audiences on both Twitter and Tumblr . But before she was Marnie , rubbing elbows in the bright lights of New York City with celebrities like James Franco and Tina Fey , she was "  Stinky , " a smelly , matted dog found roaming the streets of a small Connecticut town . The same year that Stinky found herself in a shelter , Manhattanite Shirley Braha had turned 30 and admittedly felt a little lonely . She always knew she wanted a dog , despite growing up in a family without one , and wanted to adopt rather than buy , so she turned to the adoption site PetFinder.com . "  I never owned a dog before and I did n't know what the heck I was doing , " Braha says . She also knew a puppy might be too overwhelming , so she narrowed it down to browsing for dogs in their golden years . In her search , she stumbled across a tiny picture of a dog who leaned slightly to the left with its tongue lolling out . Something tugged at Braha about ol' Stinky , she told CNN . She made the trek from Manhattan , took Stinky home and renamed her after one of her favorite singers , Marnie Stern . But Braha says those first days of dog ownership were not quite as seamless as she might have expected . Marnie had intestinal parasites , and a grayed out eye , which the vet said she would never see out of again . Her tilted head was the result of a bout of vestibular syndrome , which can affect a dog 's equilibrium . "  When I first got her , I did n't know if this dog was going to live more than a couple of weeks , " Braha says . "  I kind of recalibrated my expectations that this dog could possibly be dying and it 's my job to comfort it in its last days . " But Marnie pulled through and now lives a rather extraordinary life in her forever home  she can see out of both eyes and her head tilt is a beloved signature , to boot  . Braha says she initially created an Instagram account just for Marnie so she did n't bombard her friends with too many dog pictures . She never imagined people outside her social circle would embrace Marnie the way they have . "  I think she 's cute , but I just hoped people would n't think my dog is gross , " Braha joked with CNN . "  Now , sometimes people start shaking as if they 're meeting an actual celebrity . " And celebrities now even reach out to her for an encounter . Braha says making an environment where Marnie feels safe and comfortable has helped the pooch 's personality shine -- so much so that Braha has since quit her job in TV production and manages Marnie 's social media full-time . "  I love having her with me , but I do it for her , " she says . "  She HATES being alone . She enjoys seeing the world , living life , seeing new places and meeting new people . " A chance picture turned into a second chance Susie is another lucky senior dog whose owner has harnessed the power of the Internet . Erin O'Sullivan owns the 15-year-old chihuahua mix , along with her boyfriend Brandon Stanton . Susie came into their care when Stanton , who runs the wildly successful blog-turned-book Humans of New York , took a picture of Susie sitting on a stoop in his neighborhood . A few days later , the owner saw Stanton in the street and asked him if he would like to adopt her due to the owner 's financial hardship and a new marriage . Stanton could n't turn down the tiny stoop-sitting dog with a mohawk . As with any pet owner , they started posting pictures online but soon decided there could be something bigger here . O'Sullivan has since started the site Susie 's Senior Dogs , where she posts photos of older dogs from around the country who desperately need to be adopted . Since March 2014 , roughly 200 dogs have been adopted via Susie 's Senior Dogs -- and that 's not counting the numerous emails from viewers who said they adopted a senior dog in their nearby shelter because of the initiative . O'Sullivan says that there is a misconception about senior canines , that something is wrong with them or they 're on their deathbed . Time with a senior dog may be limited , but sharing life with any dog is precious , she says . "  No matter if you have a dog for five months or five years or 15 years , you 're always going to want more time with them . " Have you adopted a senior pet ? Share your experience in the comments below .	November has been deemed "  Adopt-A-Senior-Pet Month " Marnie the Dog was adopted in her golden years , and has become an internet star Susie 's Senior Dogs helps senior pets nationwide find a home via social media
CNN  -- Frowned upon in business meetings and scorned by bosses , the common doodle has long been condemned as the offspring of the slovenly and the cynical ... Until now . Oddly enough , doodling has even been the subject of academic research . In 2009 , Jackie Andrade , psychology professor at the University of Plymouth conducted a study to find out whether drawing hinders or improves attention to a primary task . Forty participants were tested and the results concluded that doodling aids concentration by reducing an individual 's capacity to daydream whether in the workplace or the classroom . The doodlers in the study retained about 29 % more information than non-doodlers . So CNN spoke to author and doodling evangelist Sunni Brown about how sketching at work can make you more productive and whether we 're seeing the dawn of a doodling revolution . CNN : When did you first make your doodling discovery ? Sunni Brown : I 've been going into working environments for several years now to teach visual thinking and how to solve business problems through a combination of images , words and thought experiments . What I noticed was a complete lack of competency in all working cultures -- except for design , engineering and some creative consulting firms -- in visual language . Because like so many adults today , I , too , was raised in a culture that placed virtually no value on visual language but eventually I learned the importance of developing my own , and now I 'm trying to help people to improve their visual literacy and articulation . Read more : Organize your mind to organize your life CNN : Why should doodling be important to us ? Sunni Brown : People have been doodling for over 30,000 years from cavemen and women to cultures that developed pictographic languages . Simple visual language has always offered a way to share and pass on information and history . In today 's business world , I refer to Microsoft founder Bill Gates , author and professor Clayten Christensen , and Frank Gehry , architect and creator of the Guggenheim Museum , as examples of prolific doodlers who use doodling to think and to solve problems . Read more : Noreena Hertz : Do n't get stuck in your own success CNN : How can doodling be of use in the workplace ? Sunni Brown : My definition of doodling is to make spontaneous marks with your mind and your body in order to help yourself think . So if you look at it through that lens , what it does for people is a variety of things . Some of those benefits include increased creativity , because you 're liberating your mind from traditional , linear and linguistic thinking and moving into a more organic thinking space , heightened information processing , heightened information retention and the ability to view content from a variety of different angles . Read more : Where is self-control in the brain ? CNN : Can doodling actually help someone 's concentration levels ? Sunni Brown : By physically drawing shapes , images and letters , we are inviting our minds to slow down and to focus on that experience . Doodling absolutely influences and aids concentration as well as elevating information retention , since it allows people to bring what 's happening right now into a more saturated and sensory experience . CNN : Could doodling work for a younger generation , who may struggle to concentrate ? Sunni Brown : In the digital age , concentration is a rare commodity . We are constantly having to keep up with vast amounts of content from various platforms and by doodling people can associate that information with a visual aid . It also encourages insight that you would n't otherwise have . When we are problem solving , we usually have mature ways of thinking about a problem and when people switch into doodling-mode they find themselves looking at that problem from a different angle . Read more : What we learn from doodles CNN : How can doodling help us to be successful ? Sunni Brown : There 's a number of ways that doodlers can deploy sketching and drawing to be successful . One way is to maintain focus on what is happening . People doodling are harnessing energy that would otherwise just dissipate , which makes it possible for them to stay present with whatever is happening and relieve boredom . Another way is to allow access to different insights . By doodling , you 're connecting neurological pathways with otherwise disassociated pathways in the brain , making spontaneous marks with your body to help your mind access insights . Read more : Brain controls brain in new demonstration CNN : Can doodling help solve problems in the workplace ? Sunni Brown : People use doodling to think through a problem . These can be called "  infodoodles , " using a combination of drawings , shapes and letters to formulate and display an idea . Apple founder Steve Jobs is a great example of this . He used whiteboards and physical movement to illustrate his concepts , according to people he worked with . I would call him a "  kinesthetic doodler . " He was a person who seemed to think better while making spontaneous actions with his body . Read more : ` Power naps ' may boost right-brain activity CNN : Is the business world opening up to this ? Sunni Brown : That is my fervent prayer , but leadership and management need to drive it and they need to cultivate organizational cultures that recognize its value and apply it in a way that makes sense for that business context . Most of us have preconceived ideas about doodling . There 's a lot to overcome . I have seen working cultures that get it and its use is a no-brainer for them , and there are areas where people are embracing it whole-heartedly . In my view , people are far more open to it than they ever were but there 's still a long road ahead before it 's fully understood and applied .	Sunni Brown : Doodles are an ancient human art form Doodling is a way to visualize ideas and learn more quickly , says Brown Studies show those who doodle retain more of the information they are taught
CNN  -- As regulations tighten in Europe and the world 's wealth moves to Asia , Singapore is tipped to overtake Switzerland to become the largest global offshore wealth center in terms of assets by 2020 , according to London research firm , WealthInsight . Although Switzerland easily retains its offshore banking crown with $ 2.8 trillion in assets under management , or 34 % of the global private banking industry , Singapore is now the world 's fastest growing market with $ 550 billion under management at the end of 2011 , up from just $ 50 billion in 2000 . With $ 450 billion belonging to offshore clients , Singapore has grown to become the fourth largest offshore banking center globally . The UK and Channel Islands is the world 's second largest hub with $ 1.8 trillion under management at the end of 2011 , followed by the Caribbean and Panama with $ 800 million . A loss of confidence among wealthy American and European investors in bank secrecy laws and independence in traditional banking hubs , combined with increasingly stringent banking regulations , are playing in Singapore 's favor , analysts say . "  A lot of the benefits of being in Switzerland have fallen away in terms of secrecy , therefore if you look at a convenient market , particularly for a wealthy Asian individual , Singapore fits the bill , " said Chris Wheeler , a bank analyst with Mediobanca . "  It 's got a stable government , transparent legal system , a history of investment management , having English as the first language is really very helpful and therefore it 's the obvious place to go to . " The increasing numbers of wealthy Chinese , Indians and Indonesians are helping fuel the shift to low-tax Asian centers , according to the report , with Hong Kong in a strong position to benefit from the Chinese government 's moves to free-up international trade in China 's yuan and the growing number of Chinese millionaires looking for a safe place to invest their money . European currency movements have also contributed to the shift , with the value of the Swiss Franc rising more than 20 % against the U.S. dollar last year due to ongoing concerns over Europe 's debt crisis . "  The European crisis undoubtedly has had a big impact on Switzerland because all the European nations now are looking to get back as much as tax as they possibly can from anywhere , and anyone , " said Wheeler . "  We 've seen Switzerland fall away as a secret cross border location and just become somewhere which is convenient to put your money with a reasonably good tax rate . " Many investors in the Asian markets prefer to invest offshore for risk diversification , or are forced to look overseas due to a lack of experienced and reputable wealth managers in their home markets , according to the report . Assets under management in Singapore could quadruple by 2016 as a result , while offshore assets in Swiss bank accounts are predicted fall by nearly a third to below $ 2 trillion in the next three years . CNN 's Isa Soares contributed to this report .	Singapore tipped to become largest offshore wealth center in terms of assets by 2020 Market leader Switzerland is losing its gloss due to tighter banking regulations Growing numbers of wealthy Asians are looking for banking hubs closer to home Singapore managed $ 550 billion of assets at end of 2011 , up from $ 50 billion in 2000
Tampa , Florida  CNN  -- It 's after midnight , and 100 or so skinny young people in jeans and jackets and wearing anarchy slogans walk down the cobblestone streets of Tampa 's historic district , dancing and chanting : "  1,2,3,4 -- I declare a class war . " Dozens of buff sheriff 's officers trail behind the demonstrators in Ybor City . But they are dressed more for war than protest in their combat boots and tan cargo pants , guns strapped to their thighs . They overlook the comments from the kids at the back who ask each other , "  When are we going to smash some sh -- ? " The officers ' eyes are on the menacing-looking muscular men with shaved heads , their fists balled up by their sides , walking quietly alongside the chanters . Peering down from the wrought-iron balconies of nearby restaurants and bars are some of the day 's conventioneers , suited men whose first-day passes to the Republican National Convention dangle from red-white-and-blue lanyards . The men snap photos with cell phones , and their faces grow more serious as the last of the protesters come into view , carrying something high about the crowd 's heads . It look likes a scene from the Old Testament : A golden animal is hoisted in the air . It catches the street light as it moves through the crowd . A conventioneer leans over and loudly says to his buddy , "  Look ! It 's an elephant in chains . Are they protesting us ? " In a word : yes . And they 're clearly glad someone 's finally noticed . It 's a peaceful protest on the first day of the Republican National Convention . It is also illegal . The city has passed an ordinance that forbids protesters from wearing masks and carrying puppets -- unless they are inspected by authorities in advance . Police say they are a security risk . On this night , a bearded man is taking his chances : He balances a papier-mâché hammerhead shark face on his head . A shark fin pokes out from his back . He says he 's portraying a predatory banker . A 19-year-old wearing a bandana on his face is the single protester arrested on Monday . His friends say they do n't think he heard the police order him to take it off . "  There is a lot of chaos and confusion in these kinds of protests . What we are trying to do is create more inventive ways to express our issues and to stand out from the crowd , " says Nathan Pim , the 27-year-old founder of the Florida Autonomous Playhouse puppet troupe . He is a man who believes firmly in the effectiveness of protest puppets -- and does n't want the city pulling protesters ' strings . "  I can lecture about helping end discrimination against the homeless all the time and no one will listen . If I do it dressed as a panda , for some reason people listen . " When Pim and his wife Jillian , also a puppeteer , heard the GOP convention was coming to Florida , they quit their paying jobs in Fort Lauderdale and moved to Tampa to protest full time . Pim 's pet issue is helping the homeless and fighting Florida 's foreclosure crisis . He is a regular volunteer for Food Not Bombs , which feeds the homeless and the people who come out for protests . Unsure of the risk , the Autonomous Playhouse puppet troupe held off on bringing their creations to the Monday protests . "  We did n't know if they were really enforcing the ban or not so we were going to wait and see , " Pim said . "  Plus we had rehearsals for our show " at the New World Brewery in Ybor City . The ordinance did n't stop Kelly Benjamin , who abided by the letter of the law , got approval and marched wearing a giant Mitt Romney effigy -- "  Ritt Momney " -- bearing a sign that says "  King of the 1 % . " "  It 's really ridiculous how much opposition we have had , " he says . He had his puppet approved by the authorities , he says , but it does n't seem to matter . "  They keep trying to confiscate him and it 's gotten so bad I now carry the ordinance with me that shows I 'm within the law . " Benjamin says he knows the police are just doing their job -- and that maybe they have a particular paranoia about what might be hiding inside the puppet . He calls it a "  scatological fetish . " "  They think all the anarchists will be throwing poop at them . " Safe within the boundaries of the brewery , Pim and his fellow performers wait at a back table for the evening 's performances to start . The opening act is by the activist group Women from Code Pink . They wear bright pink boas and strap on large pink vagina puppets that have bags of fake money on them . They carry signs that say "  read my lips end the war on women . " After the dancing vaginas exit the performance area , Autonomous Playhouse sets up its hand-painted stage . Ukulele music begins , and up pops a puppet named Momma Nature . She is a tree with a bushy Afro of leaves and a Southern accent . The puppet 's creator , Haylee Becker , 20 , dropped out of college to work full time with her fellow puppet troupe members . She met them while volunteering for Food Not Bombs back when she was in high school . "  As just one person I lose my voice too quickly , " she says , "  but together we sure as hell can make change . " Becker says she got involved in feeding the homeless early in life when her parents would write on the invitation to her kiddie parties to bring canned goods rather than gifts . "  Personally , I wanted the gifts , but as I got older I saw how many people needed help . " The tree puppet in this performance , entitled "  Momma Nature vs. the Foreclosure Crisis , " tells the audience she 's never missed a mortgage payment . The bank threatens her with foreclosure because of a bad treehouse mortgage . Pim and fellow troop member Nikki Wright introduce the tree to several menacing puppets . A wolf government agent sings "  You 've got no value when you 've got no worth . " A tick banker calls Momma Nature a deadbeat and hands her over to an unfeeling panda judge . A puppet cop throws Momma Nature in the slammer . After her performance , Becker reflects quietly on her mission . "  I feel obligated to be here and be a part of this protest , " she says . This is the role she wants to play in the national conversation about politics . She does n't plan to vote in November . "  Sure , there are things like abortion and health care that could go wrong if the wrong guy gets in office , " she says . "  But for personal reasons I do n't think my voice will make that big of a difference . "  I 'll vote in other ways : There are other ways to have your voice heard than pushing a button every four years . " For now , that voice will be heard through puppets . Agencies warn of anarchist activity at conventions	Tampa banned the use of puppets in protests at the GOP convention . But that has n't stopped some protesters from donning masks and puppet heads . "  Look ! It 's an elephant in chains . Are they protesting us ? " asks one conventioneer . A puppet troupe takes its activism inside a bar in Ybor City .
Toney , Alabama  CNN  -- She says she did n't want to do it , but was convinced by a teacher 's aide to act as bait to catch an accused sexual predator . What happened next was horrific : The then-14-year-old girl says she was sodomized by a fellow student in a school bathroom . Now 19 , she is telling her story publicly for the very first time . "  I just felt like I was set up by the teachers . They gave me a word that they could n't keep , " said the woman , who asked CNN to call her "  Jaden . " According to court records , a 16-year-old student approached Jaden in the hallway of Sparkman Middle School in Toney , Alabama , on January 22 , 2010 , and asked her to meet him in a bathroom for sex . It was not the first time the boy had propositioned her , said Jaden , who was enrolled in the school 's special education program . Usually , she just ignored him . But , on that day , Jaden told a friend , who suggested she tell a teacher 's aide about what was happening . That aide , June Ann Simpson , knew of other girls who the boy had tried to lure into a bathroom for sex , according to a 2010 federal lawsuit filed by Jaden 's father against Madison County Schools and officials . Simpson , in turn , told the school 's principal , Ronnie Blair , about the allegations . According to a 2012 deposition , Blair told Simpson the boy would have to be proven guilty to be punished . In response , Simpson crafted a plan to prove the allegations , using Jaden as bait . The idea was to have the girl agree to meet the boy in a bathroom . Simpson would watch surveillance video , and teachers would intervene before anything happened . "  I told her no . I did n't want to do it , " Jaden told CNN . She acquiesced later that day . "  I just wanted it to stop , " Jaden said about the alleged harassment . ` He just gets away with it ' Key questions in her case center around who knew what and when . Jaden and Simpson claim they then went to the office of vice-principal Jeanne Dunaway . However , Simpson says when she told Dunaway about the plan , Dunaway did not respond . During a deposition , Dunaway denied the conversation happened . Jaden says she then left Dunaway 's office and found the boy in the hallway to tell him they could "  do it . " Simpson stayed behind to watch surveillance monitors , hoping to catch the two walk into the bathroom . She never did . According to Jaden 's written statement after the incident , the boy made a last-minute change . Instead of meeting in the boys ' bathroom on the special needs students ' corridor , the boy allegedly told the girl to meet him in the sixth grade boys ' bathroom , in another part of the school . Once there , Jaden says she tried to stall the boy , hoping a teacher would rush in . She told him she did n't want to have sex , and she tried blocking him , according to her 2012 deposition . Nothing worked . Jaden says the boy sodomized her . "  I thought they were going to do what they said they were going to do -- and be there and stop him -- just get him in trouble , " Jaden told CNN . The alleged attacker was never charged and the case was never presented to a grand jury , according to Madison County District Attorney Robert Broussard . The incident was characterized as "  inappropriate  sic  touching a girl in boys bathroom " according to school disciplinary records . The boy was suspended from school for five days and sent to an alternative school for a short time . The alleged attack was at least the 13th incident of sexual or violent misconduct in the boy 's file , all within two academic years . While at the alternative school , the boy was suspended for sharing pornographic images on a cell phone . He was eventually allowed to return to Sparkman Middle School while Jaden was still enrolled as a student . "  He just gets away with it , I guess , " she told CNN . June Ann Simpson resigned shortly after the incident . "  My client has gone from being a teacher 's aide to being a scapegoat , " Simpson 's attorney , McGriff Belser III told CNN . Dunaway is now the principal at nearby Madison County Elementary School . ` Hard for me to have good days ' In 2013 , a district court judge allowed the father 's claims of state violations , including negligence , against Simpson and Dunaway . The judge tossed out the federal claims -- that the school district violated Title IX and that Simpson and school administrators deprived the girl of her civil rights . Title IX is a federal law aimed at ending sexual discrimination in education . In part , it dictates how schools that receive federal funds must respond to claims of sexual harassment . Both sides have appealed . "  Judge T. Michael Putnam  found the board of education 's policies were proper . He found that the school administrators took appropriate action and complied completely with federal law as soon as they were notified of this unfortunate incident , " attorney Mark Boardman told reporters last month . Boardman 's firm represents Madison County Schools and the administrators named in the 2010 lawsuit . The firm has not responded to CNN 's numerous calls for an interview . Also in September , the Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division submitted a 126-page strident amicus brief to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit , disagreeing with the district judge 's order . The brief , submitted jointly with the U.S. Department of Education , argues the school , in its capacity as a recipient of federal funds is "  liable for  its  deliberate indifference to known acts of peer sexual harassment . " "  If Title IX imposes any responsibility on school officials to prevent sexual harassment , it surely requires a response when they learn , as here , that a 14-year-old special needs student is about to be used as bait to catch a 16-year-old student with an extensive history of sexual and violent misconduct , " federal attorneys write in the brief . On the same day the federal brief was submitted , the Women 's Law Project , joined by 32 national and local organizations , submitted a joint brief supporting the family 's lawsuit . The National Women 's Law Center and the family 's attorney , Eric Artrip , have also submitted a joint brief to the Eleventh Circuit . "  It means a lot . It says that people actually care about what happens , " Jaden told CNN Months after the incident , the teen transferred to a school district out of state , but eventually dropped out of school before graduating . Jaden says she continues to struggle . "  It 's hard for me to have good days , " she told CNN . "  I have days to where I just want to sit there by myself . I get angry faster , and I get insecure . " Asked what might help her , she stressed the importance of justice and closure . "  By actually having our day in court , and letting everything be known , so that it wo n't happen again , " Jaden said . CNN 's Stephanie Gallman and Dana Ford contributed to this report from Atlanta .	The woman , now 19 , talks about her story publicly for the first time She said she was raped in an Alabama school in 2010 "  He just gets away with it , I guess , " she tells CNN about her alleged attacker
CNN  -- Holders Inter Milan are through to the quarterfinals of the Italian Cup , defeating Genoa 2-1 at the San Siro despite coach Claudio Ranieri resting a host of key players . Goalkeeper Julio Cesar , defenders Lucio and Walter Samuel and strikers Diego Milito and Giampaolo Pazzini were among those given a night off by Ranieri , but Inter still proved too good for their rivals , who also made a host of changes to their side . Inter took the lead in the ninth minute when Brazilian defender Maicon let fly with a superb 25-yard shot that gave Cristiano Lupatelli no chance in the Genoa goal . Who are football 's top January transfer targets ? And the home side doubled their lead five minutes after the break when Andrea Poli played a one-two with Joel Obi before volleying home his first goal for the club . Genoa pulled a consolation goal back in injury time when Lucas Pratto 's shot hit the crossbar and Valter Birsa reacted first to score from close range . But Inter held on for victory and they now face a tricky trip to Napoli in next week 's quarterfinal tie . The other last eight matches see Juventus entertain Roma , Chievo face Siena and Milan take on Lazio . Meanwhile , in Spain , Valencia look to have booked their place in the semifinals of the Copa del Rey after beating Levante 4-1 in their quarterfinal first leg . Goals from Jonas , Roberto Soldado , Pablo Piatti and Tino Costa have put Valencia in a strong position ahead of next week 's second leg tie .	Holders Inter Milan are through to the quarterfinals of the Italian Cup Goals from Maicon and Andrea Poli give Inter a 2-1 win over Genoa Inter will now face Napoli for a place in the semifinal of the competition Valencia defeat Levante 4-1 in the first leg of Copa del Rey quarterfinal
CNN  -- Britain 's Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have unveiled their itinerary for their visit to New Zealand and Australia next month -- but it 's unclear whether Prince George will be attending engagements with them . Announcing the royal couple 's planned engagements on the April 7 -25 visit , the Prince 's private secretary identified occasions at which the youngest royal might be present , but kept an element of suspense : "  George being just a little over eight-months-old by the time they travel , I 'm sure you will appreciate that the couple will have to make a final decision on those moments much closer to the time . " With Prince William second in line to the British throne and his young son third , Queen Elizabeth II had to give permission for both to travel on the same plane . One of the engagements earmarked for a potential appearance for Prince George is the opening of the Bilby Enclosure at Taronga Zoo in Sydney . The Australian government made a donation to the zoo for its bilby preservation program when George was born and the enclosure is to be named after him , the palace said . On its website , the zoo said the Australian government had given a bilby to the young prince to "  adopt . " Last month , Australasian media seized on reports Australia 's incoming governor general had apparently let slip that George would make his first official visit Down Under . "  They 'll bring with them Prince George the little one , " Peter Cosgrove was quoted as saying , after a visit to the Queen at Buckingham Palace . After reporters tried to clarify the comment , Cosgrove appeared to back-track , saying "  I hope he 's coming . " Prince Charles and Princess Diana first took Prince William to New Zealand and Australia in 1983 , and he was photographed taking his first steps on the lawn of Government House in Auckland , New Zealand . It will be the Duchess of Cambridge 's first visit to either country , while the Duke last visited New Zealand after the devastating 2011 earthquake in Christchurch . On this trip , the royal couple will visit the city together and stop to remember the 185 people killed . The royal couple were looking forward to their trip to both countries "  immensely , " Kensington Palace said . "  There 's no hiding the enthusiasm for the visit by both the Duke and the Duchess . The Duke , because he has been before ; and the Duchess because she has never been to either country but has wanted to do so as long as she can remember . "  The Duke has no doubt that his wife will fall in love with New Zealand and Australia every bit as much as he did , some years ago . " The pair may not always be in complete agreement on their trip , however . Kensington Palace said the Duke and Duchess were "  just a little competitive " and some of the events on the itinerary will pit husband against wife . The royal couple will board separate Team NZ America 's Cup yachts for some informal racing in Auckland and coach rival teams in "  rippa " rugby , a non-contact version of Rugby Union , in the South Island city of Dunedin . "  Again , I think we can expect some pretty competitive outbursts , " the palace said . A century after the outbreak of World War I , the tour will also see William and Kate paying tribute to both countries ' war dead and visiting military bases . Their last day will be April 25 -- ANZAC -LSB- Australian and New Zealand Army Corps -RSB- Day , which originally marked the landing of soldiers from both nations at Gallipoli , Turkey , in 1915 . In the eight-month campaign fought there , 2,721 New Zealanders and 8,709 Australians died , before the allied forces withdrew . The day is now a tribute to those who have died in all conflicts . The Duke and Duchess will plant a seed from a pine tree at the site of the battle at the Australian War Memorial in Australia 's capital city , Canberra , before returning to London .	Britain 's Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will visit NZ and Australia from April 7 to 25 A final decision has not been made on Prince George 's presence at public events Queen Elizabeth II had to give permission for the two heirs to the throne to fly together It will be Catherine 's first visit to either country , while Prince William first visited in 1983
CNN  On a night that 's all about flash and high-octane excitement , the commercial stood out for its starkness , both in tone and topic . On Super Bowl Sunday , No More , an anti-domestic violence campaign , teamed up with the NFL 's ad group for a haunting 60-second reminder of the barriers to even talking about violence in the home . The commercial features the audio of a 911 call , inspired by a real-life call a dispatcher posted on Reddit , the social networking site , last year . In response to a question posed on the popular forum about what calls 911 operators could never shake , one wrote : "  I had a call that started out pretty dumb , but was actually pretty serious . " It seemed to be dumb because the caller did n't tell of an emergency when asked . As posted on Reddit , the call went : Caller : "  I 'd like to order a pizza for delivery . " Dispatcher : "  Ma'am , you 've reached 911 " Caller : "  Yeah , I know . Can I have a large with half pepperoni , half mushroom and peppers ? " Dispatcher : "  Ummm ... I 'm sorry , you know you 've called 911 right ? " Caller : "  Yeah , do you know how long it will be ? " Dispatcher : "  OK , ma'am , is everything OK over there ? Do you have an emergency ? " Caller : "  Yes , I do . " The emergency is that she was being physically abused but could n't break away from her attacker to call for help . The dispatcher , who has been identified as Keith Weisinger , eventually caught on . Dispatcher : And you ca n't talk about it because there 's someone in the room with you ? Caller : Yes , that 's correct . Do you know how long it will be ? Dispatcher : I have an officer about a mile from your location . Are there any weapons in your house ? Caller : Nope . Dispatcher : Can you stay on the phone with me ? Caller : Nope . See you soon , thanks . Reading the words is haunting enough , and heard in the Super Bowl spot , they 're chillingly effective . The audio plays over images of a home that looks unremarkable , apart for a few telltale signs of disarray . And how did the Reddit post make it to the small screen 's biggest night ? According to The Wall Street Journal , a writer saw the post , reached out to Weisinger and got another dispatcher from Connecticut to read a nearly identical version of the call Weisinger recounted . The spot reminds "  people to listen carefully and look for subtle signs of domestic violence , " the agency told The Wall Street Journal . Weisinger had a similar take , telling The Atlanta Journal-Constitution : "  I 'd love for people to understand what distances others have to go to get help . "	No More , an anti-domestic violence campaign , teams up with the NFL 's ad group for the Super Bowl commercial The ad is inspired by a domestic violence call that a dispatcher received and posted to Reddit With her abuser nearby , the caller pretends to order pizza to tell the dispatcher to send help
Bukulmez , Turkey  CNN  -- Syrian warplanes bombed a village within sight of the border with Turkey on Monday , sending hundreds of panicked civilians running for safety to a nearby barbed wire fence that separates the two countries . No casualties were reported after two bombs hit fields next to the village of Atimah . "  A MiG-21 tried to bomb places here , but they only bombed the fields , " said an olive farmer in Atimah who asked to be called only Mohammed for security reasons . "  We thank God for this because there are no dead people . " Read more : 10 children killed as warplanes drop bombs in Syria , opposition group says Atimah is a major logistical hub for anti-government rebels and is a haven for more than 10,000 displaced civilians . Rebel commanders , residents and refugees assumed the village was relatively safe because it is close to Turkey . Bassel Haj Fareed , a teacher who runs a makeshift school in the main refugee camp in Atimah , described utter chaos after the first airstrike Monday . In a phone call with CNN , he said children and parents were running and screaming in panic after the explosion , trying to find one another while bolting for the nearby border . The bombing took place a day before a NATO reconnaissance team was expected to survey the Turkish border with Syria , to prepare for the possible deployment of Patriot anti-aircraft missile batteries along the frontier . Read more : Over 37,000 have died in Syria 's civil war , opposition group says The fact that Syrian warplanes and helicopters have bombed targets within a few hundred meters of Turkey on at least three different occasions within the last month raises the question of whether the NATO military alliance could be sucked into the grinding Syrian conflict . Turkey and NATO insist the proposed Patriot missile deployment would be used only for defense . "  The deployment of the Air and Missile Defense System is a precaution for defensive purposes for possible air and missile threats from Syria , and is not for the establishment of a no-fly zone or for offensive maneuvers , " the Turkish military said in a written statement Monday . "  The area of deployment for the Air and Missile Defense System , the quantity of the system , the number of foreign personnel that will come in to our country and the time of the deployment will be determined after the site survey . " Read more : ` Streets determining Middle East path ' Tensions exploded between Syria and Turkey last summer , when Syrian anti-aircraft fire brought down a Turkish military reconnaissance jet , killing its two crew members . Turkey announced it was changing its rules of engagement with Syria . Last October , the Turkish government also won authorization in parliament for possible cross-border military incursions into Syria , after Syrian mortar fire killed five civilians in the Turkish border town of Akcakale . The Turkish military has scrambled warplanes to the border before , in response to Syrian aircraft approaching Turkish airspace . Turkish and Syrian military forces have also engaged in cross-border artillery duels since the Akcakale incident . On Monday , a resident of Atimah claimed to have heard what sounded like Turkish warplanes approaching Syria in response to the Syrian aerial bombardment . "  We heard it , all the people heard it , because the jet 's sound came from the west , " the olive farmer called Mohammed said . Turkish government officials have not confirmed or denied reports that Turkish warplanes may have been scrambled to the border . But on Monday afternoon , CNN 's Arwa Damon witnessed jets roaring overhead in Syrian and Turkish airspace , from her vantage point in the Turkish village of Bukulmez , directly across the border from Atimah . She also saw what appeared to be smoke trails from rockets over the Bab al Hawa border crossing , which is just a few minutes drive from Atimah .	No casualties were reported after two bombs hit fields near the Syrian village of Atimah Bombing sent hundreds of civilians running for safety in an area considered a haven NATO team is expected to consider deployment of Patriot anti-aircraft missiles at border Tensions rose in the summer when Syria brought down a Turkish jet , killing two people
Walter Williams , the Mississippi man who returned to life after being pronounced dead about two weeks ago , died Thursday . He was 78 . "  They came and got him again around 4:15 a.m. , " Williams ' nephew , Eddie Hester , told CNN affiliate WAPT . "  I think he 's gone this time . " CNN learned about the death from Holmes County , Mississippi , coroner Dexter Howard . He was the same man who first declared Williams dead on February 26 . "  There was no pulse . He was lifeless , " the coroner said then . He completed his paperwork , placed Williams in a body bag and transported him to a funeral home . There , something strange happened : The body bag moved . Coroner on Williams ' revival two weeks ago : ' I was in shock ' "  We got him into the embalming room , and we noticed his legs beginning to move , like kicking , " Howard said last month . "  He also began to do a little breathing . " An ambulance was called . Paramedics arrived and hooked Williams up to monitors . Sure enough , he had a heartbeat , so they transported him to the Holmes County Hospital and Clinics . Williams was released a few days later . He died of natural causes , according to the coroner . "  Every case I do is a learning experience , " said Howard . When asked what the Williams case taught him , he replied : "  That miracles can happen . " CNN affiliate WJTV reported the longtime farmer , who family members called "  Snowball , " died at his home . "  It was a two-week miracle for me , and I enjoyed every minute of it , and my family did too , " Hester told WAPT .	"  Every case I do is a learning experience , " says coroner Walter Williams was first pronounced dead on February 26 He began breathing in the embalming room "  I think he 's gone this time , " Williams ' nephew tells CNN affiliate WAPT
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama on Friday resumed -- with expanded legal protections -- the Bush administration 's controversial system of military trials for some Guantanamo Bay detainees . President Obama says the commissions are OK , "  provided that they are properly structured and administered . " On the heels of Obama 's shift this week to block the release of photos showing prisoners allegedly being abused by U.S. personnel in Iraq and Afghanistan , the military commissions announcement further infuriated the president 's most ardent supporters while winning cautionary praise from some of his political foes . Obama said he supports the idea of the military commissions but opposes the version of the law that had been governing such trials in recent years : the Military Commissions Act put in place under the Bush administration in 2006 , but subsequently struck down as unconstitutional by the Supreme Court . The president said military commissions "  are appropriate for trying enemies who violate the laws of war , provided that they are properly structured and administered . " But , he said , the 2006 act "  failed to establish a legitimate legal framework and undermined our capability to ensure swift and certain justice against those detainees . " He said he plans to enhance due process rights for detainees held at the U.S. facility in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , in order to improve the widely criticized approach created by his predecessor . Statements that have been obtained from detainees through interrogation and cruel treatment , such as waterboarding , will no longer be admitted as evidence before the commissions , Obama said , and hearsay evidence will be limited . The revised system also will give detainees greater latitude in selecting legal representation and afford basic protections to those who refuse to testify . Military commission judges also will be able to establish the jurisdiction of their own courts . "  These reforms will begin to restore the commissions as a legitimate forum for prosecution , while bringing them in line with the rule of law , " Obama said . He said he plans to ask Congress to enact other reforms to the 2006 law . Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , applauded his former opponent . "  Today 's announcement is a step -- but only a step -- toward a comprehensive detainee policy that will deal with the detainees held at Guantanamo and elsewhere in a fashion that both accords with our values and protects our national security , " McCain said in a written statement . But Obama 's announcement infuriated some of his core supporters -- with the revisions hardly calming the concerns of groups such as the American Civil Liberties Union . The ACLU chided the military commission decision as "  a striking blow to due process and the rule of law . " "  These military commissions are inherently illegitimate , unconstitutional and incapable of delivering outcomes we can trust , " said Anthony D. Romero , the group 's executive director . "  Tweaking the rules of these failed tribunals so that they provide ` more due process ' is absurd ; there is no such thing as ` due process light . ' " he said . "  If the administration 's proposed rules really bring these proceedings in line with constitutional requirements , there is no reason not to use our tried and true justice system . If they do n't , these tribunals have no place in our democracy . " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs countered that military commissions have a long history in the United States . "  First and foremost , the president of the United States is going to do what he believes is in the best security interest of the people of the United States , " Gibbs told reporters . Obama suspended the military commissions by signing an executive order on his third day in office , the same day he signed an order to close the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo within a year and announced a 120-day review of the whole process . The review deadline is next week . Gibbs said he does not know where and how trials for alleged terrorists will unfold on American soil . Nor did he disclose how many suspects would face legal proceedings under the revised commissions . Three Guantanamo detainees ' cases have gone through the commission so far . The Bush administration established the military trial system after the U.S. military began capturing detainees in Afghanistan in late 2001 . The next year , it opened the Guantanamo facility , saying suspects were treated properly and received due process through the system . But legal organizations and human rights agencies have repeatedly challenged the system on grounds that detainees were mistreated . One lawyer representing a client at Guantanamo said closing the detention facility , which Obama is advocating , is a "  meaningless gesture " if the military commissions continue . "  The military commissions are fundamentally flawed and ca n't be fixed , " said Army Maj. Jon S. Jackson , a lawyer for Mustafa al-Hawsawi , one of five 9/11 defendants charged in the military commission process . Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the self-confessed mastermind of the 9/11 attacks , is the most high-profile of those defendants .	Obama revives Bush system that was suspended in January New system to include expanded due-process rights for the suspects , Obama says ACLU calls move "  a striking blow to due process and the rule of law "
CNN  -- In dueling speeches that sought to frame the economic debate for their election showdown in November , President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney on Thursday offered differing visions for how to restore strong growth while telling separate Ohio crowds that the other 's policies have failed . The president and the former Massachusetts governor both emphasized particular themes of community in their campaign speeches in a battleground state hit hard by the 2008 recession and its aftermath . Romney , speaking at a factory in the Cincinnati area minutes before Obama 's speech in Cleveland , focused on what he called the president 's failure to deliver promised economic growth so far in his first term . "  Talk is cheap , " Romney , the certain Republican nominee , said of the incumbent Democratic president . "  Action speaks very loud , and if you want to see the results of his economic policies , look around Ohio and the country . " He encouraged voters to ask their friends and neighbors if they are better off since Obama became president , predicting that small business owners , bankers , unemployed college graduates and others will answer no . Obama , meanwhile , emphasized the election is about a choice for the direction of the country , saying Romney "  and his allies in Congress " advocate the same economic policies of tax cuts and deregulation that brought the recent recession . He cited in particular the refusal by congressional Republicans to accept any kind of tax increase on the wealthy , saying that stance prevented a comprehensive deficit reduction agreement last year . "  The only thing that can break the stalemate is you , " Obama said to cheers . "  This November is your chance to render a verdict on the debate over how to grow the economy , how to create good jobs , how to pay down our deficit . " The nearly simultaneous addresses reflected what polls have consistently shown -- the economy is the top issue in the November presidential election -- and both campaigns continued their high-stakes efforts to seize the advantage on it . Obama has been rocked by bad economic news in recent weeks , including a tepid May jobs report and Thursday 's news that first-time unemployment claims rose slightly last week . Last Friday , the president provided fuel to Romney 's repeated claims that he is out of touch and his policies have been ineffective by telling reporters that compared to the public sector , the private sector "  is doing fine . " Obama clarifies : Economy ` not doing fine ' A new Romney campaign ad Thursday replays the president uttering the phrase several times while highlighting the nation 's economic woes by flashing on-screen text : "  23.2 million Americans are unemployed , " "  40 straight months over 8 % unemployment " and "  middle-class struggles deepen under Obama . " The spot is the first negative ad against Obama by the Romney camp so far in the general election campaign , although super-PACs backing Romney have run attack ads against the president . Obama tried to play down the rough patch , telling the raucous Cuyahoga Community College crowd that the campaign will be long and tough . "  Over the next five months , this election will take many twists and many turns , polls will go up and polls will go down , there will be no shortage of gaffes and controversies that keep both campaigns busy and give the press something to write about , " he said , adding with a smile that "  you may have heard I recently made my own unique contribution to that process . " As the audience laughed , Obama added : "  It was n't the first time . It wo n't be the last . " He summed up the Republican campaign as an attack against his presidency , saying the "  scary voice " in television and Romney himself will "  tell you the economy is bad , that it is all my fault , that I ca n't fix it because I think government is always the answer or because I did n't make a lot of money in the private sector and do n't understand it , or because I am in over my head , or because I think everybody is doing just fine . " "  That may be their plan to win the election but it is not a plan to create jobs , " Obama said . "  It is not a plan to grow the economy . " He cited the ravages of the recession on the economy and highlighted progress made by his administration , being careful to note that people are still hurting and more needs to happen . At the same time , Obama offered his oft-repeated call for a balanced approach to economic growth and deficit reduction that raises taxes on the wealthy and holds down spending while ensuring that critical areas for future growth such as education , clean energy and infrastructure development get needed money . In his speech , Romney also stuck with his stump themes , saying Obama blew his chance to fix the economy and now it is time for change . "  My experience in thinking about people who I want to have work for me , whether it 's my doctor or the person that 's going to be painting the house , I want to make sure they did a good job the first time and if they did n't , I want someone who can do a better job , " Romney said . A survey released Thursday showed that more Americans blame former President George W. Bush than Obama for the continuing economic problems that began in the previous administration . According to the Gallup poll , 68 % of respondents said Bush deserves either a great deal or a moderate amount of blame , compared with 31 % who said the former president deserves not much or no blame at all . In the survey , 52 % said Obama deserves blame , with 48 % saying he is n't to blame for current economic conditions . Another poll shows independent voters are dissatisfied with the economic plans of both candidates . According to the Washington Post/ABC News survey released Wednesday , 54 % of independents have an unfavorable view of Obama 's plan for the economy , and 47 % view Romney 's economic plan unfavorably . It says 38 % view Obama 's plan favorably , compared with 35 % who feel the same about Romney 's plan . The survey showing negative marks for each candidate 's economic plan reflected strong racial divides among Americans . White voters were split on Romney 's plan , with 42 % viewing it favorably and 42 % viewing it unfavorably . Minority voters were far less positive , with 68 % of black voters and 48 % of Latino voters viewing the Republican candidate 's plan unfavorably . Both groups gave much higher marks to Obama -- 81 % of black voters and 59 % of Latino voters had a favorable view of the Democrat incumbent 's plan . Romney 's policies reflect the GOP goal of shrinking government and cutting taxes to reduce the mounting federal deficit and national debt . Led by conservatives , Republicans argue such steps will boost economic growth to bring in more revenue -- despite the tax cuts -- and shrink the deficit . Obama calls for ending Bush-era tax cuts for families making more than $ 250,000 a year as well as tax breaks for the oil industry and others to increase revenue , while also holding down spending and seeking long-term entitlement reforms . Both parties and presidential campaigns have been guilty of making dubious claims about the other as the campaign rhetoric has heated up . Bill Adair , the editor of the Pulitzer Prize winning web site Politifact.org , said his recent fact-checks of the candidates have rated nearly all of their claims to be half-truths . "  The campaigns are cherry-picking statistics that do n't tell a full story , " Adair said . Kathleen Hall Jamieson with the Annenberg Center for Public Policy said ad distortions from both candidates in both parties are typical of a campaign that has "  specialized in taking words out of context . " Jamieson 's office launched its own fact-checking site , Flackcheck.org , to police campaign ads for their distortions . The web site features a montage of television spots that are guilty of using a wide array of deceptive techniques . "  The danger is people hear the sound bite repeated in ads , see it repeated in the news , and lose track of the original context , " Jamieson said . "  It becomes the reality and in the process , there 's a serious deception . " CNN 's Shawna Shepherd , Kevin Liptak , Kevin Bohn , Paul Steinhauser , Shannon Travis and Jim Acosta contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama says Republican policies failed before and will fail again NEW : Ask friends , business owners if Obama 's policies worked , Mitt Romney says The contenders for president in November both speak in the battleground state of Ohio A new poll indicates independent voters question both candidates ' policies
CNN  -- Is the Central African Republic the world 's next Rwanda ? That 's the question some are beginning to ask about a crisis that has been going on for most of this year but has only just burst through into the mainstream international mass media . Warlords ruling the countryside by terror , a government that is almost toothless and the collapse of institutions have forced 0.4 million people to flee their homes and left a million dependent on aid . And now reports of Muslim and Christian communities engaged in inter-communal violence have sparked concern about a slide into religious conflict . The "  G-word " -- genocide -- has even been floated as a real risk by some observers . In fact the country has not yet sunk that far . There is no sign of ideological motivation or the systematic political organization of mass killings . Read more : What 's happening in the Central African Republic Humanitarian agencies active on the ground believe the Central African Republic  CAR  can still be pulled back from the brink of utter disaster . But time is pressing and it is only now that the international community has fully appreciated the danger of the situation . The U.N. Security Council is next week expected to vote , authorizing the deployment of a reinforced peacekeeping force under the banner of the African Union or , potentially , the U.N. itself . Meanwhile , France , which already has 400 troops in the CAR , has announced the dispatch of a further 800-1000 , to work alongside African peacekeepers . Read more : France to send 1,000 more troops to Central African Republic Until recently the CAR had not been a priority focus of concern , even within Africa . By contrast , Mali shot right to the top of the agenda when its northern regions were taken over by jihadist armed groups in March-April last year . Yet even then , it took many months of diplomacy to secure U.N. Security Council endorsement of African and , ultimately , French military intervention to tackle the crisis . Read more : Fighting surges in northern Mali The CAR is rather less well placed to grab global attention . As its name suggests , the country lies at the very heart of the African continent , away from major trade routes and population centers , and very far indeed from public attention . With only 4.5 million people but a territory the size of France it matters in strategic terms but has rarely hit the headlines , at least not since the dictator Jean-Bedel Bokassa proclaimed himself emperor back in the 1970s -- a story of almost picturesque caricature that distracted attention from the harsh underlying reality of poverty , isolation and incompetent government . Chronic instability The country has slid into its present condition of almost complete state collapse , leaving free rein to looting and murderous rebel groups , partly because the outside world did not perceive its earlier condition of chronic instability and political weakness as a risk to Africa or even the region as a whole . For many years the CAR 's persistent problems have been a sad humanitarian story , with a daunting incidence of diseases such as malaria , HIV/AIDS and sleeping sickness , and depressingly high rates of child mortality and malnutrition . Even before the present crisis , life expectancy , at just 48 years , was the second lowest in the world . But in spite of these dismal health and development conditions , the CAR 's problems impinged little on neighboring states -- other than occasional localized movements of refugees into remote fringe regions of Cameroon , Chad or Democratic Republic of Congo . Over recent years the then president , François Bozizé -- who himself originally came to power through rebellion in 2003 , before repackaging himself through a democratic election -- found himself confronting a string of rebel uprisings . These were fueled by local grievances , the ambitions of disgruntled warlords and faction leaders and the heavy-handed tactics of Bozizé 's presidential guard . Peace-keeping Through a peace process hosted by Gabon and the presence of a small peacekeeping force , African neighbors attempted to contain these problems and nudge the CAR towards a consensual domestic settlement . In January this year a respected human rights lawyer , Nicolas Tiangaye , was appointed as a neutral prime minister . But some faction leaders stayed out of this peace process , combining their forces to launch a military campaign to depose Bozizé . As this rebel movement , Seleka , advanced south towards the capital , Bangui , government forces crumbled , while South African troops sent to help Bozizé suffered defeat with heavy casualties . The president fled and Seleka leader Michel Djotodia proclaimed himself head of state . But almost immediately he found his authority disintegrating . Read more : CAR president fled to Cameroon The kernel of Seleka are native Central Africans , mostly from the country 's northern Muslim minority . But many of the rebellion 's fighters were foreigners , particularly from Darfur , in Sudan , and from Chad . They expected to be rewarded for their efforts -- but Djotodia had found no cash to pay them . Faction commanders turned on the civilian population instead , engaging in months of looting and brutal violence , and seizing local resources such as diamonds -- which are mined in several areas of the CAR . Their brutality towards the largely Christian population sparked the latter into forming self-defense groups -- who have taken revenge on local Muslim communities with whom they peacefully co-existed before . Meanwhile , the state has stood by powerless , lacking the military and political means to bring a halt to this deepening crisis -- or the practical resources to help civilians . It is this spiral of state collapse and spreading violence that the new reinforced African and French deployment hopes to halt . Read more : U.S. must act now The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Melly .	A coalition of rebel groups ousted the Central African Republic 's president in March Since the , 0.4 million people have been displaced and a million left dependent on aid Reports of inter-communal violence have sparked fears of a slide into religious conflict France is sending 1,000 troops to join 400 already deployed in the African nation
CNN  -- What 's Spanish for "  twerk ? " Mexican officials are in no hurry to find out . This is one U.S. import our southern neighbor wants nothing to do with . Ditto for Miley Cyrus , the controversial singer known less for her music than for her over-sexualized on-stage spectacles intended to get attention and shock the senses . Cyrus accomplished both on the Diez y Seis de Septiembre -- better known , on this side of the border , as September 16th . North of the Rio Grande , that day is like any other , as insignificant as the Fourth of July is in Canada . However , in Mexico , the day is awfully important . It 's Independence Day . And since Mexicans are a proud people who put a high value on respect , it 's probably not a good idea for Americans -- or anyone else for that matter -- to go to Mexico on Mexican Independence Day and show disrespect to , oh , the Mexican flag . That 's what Cyrus and fellow performers did last week during a concert in the northern city of Monterrey in a stunt that gives new meaning to the phrase "  ugly Americans . " As Cyrus "  twerked " onstage , while wearing -- yes , you read this right -- a giant prosthetic butt , her backup singers whipped her with rolled up pieces of cloth that turned out to be miniature Mexican flags . It was a trifecta of bad judgment -- the wrong thing to do , the wrong country to do it in , and all of it happening on the wrong day . Before you could say international incident , outraged Mexican state legislators asked the federal government to fine the pop star for desecrating the Mexican flag . Under a law that prohibits abuse of "  national emblems , the flag and the national anthem , " such a transgression can normally earn someone a $ 1,270 fine as well as , in some cases , a couple of days in jail . The legislators are asking that Cyrus get locked up for 36 hours . Mexican authorities are investigating . There are those in this country who will claim that the singer is being singled out because she is an American . But actually , in this case , equal treatment would call out for some sort of punishment . It 's a good time to send a message . In 2008 , Mexican pop star Paulina Rubio was fined $ 4,000 for appearing in a Spanish magazine , clutching a Mexican flag wrapped around her naked body . What the 21-year-old Cyrus and her crew did was tasteless and thoughtless . And whether or not Mexican officials decide to formally charge her with desecrating the Mexican flag , she ought to apologize -- in person , and on Mexican soil . Having said that , Mexican officials need to be careful not to overplay their hand and protest too much , lest they turn legitimate concerns about professional decorum in the entertainment industry into dinner theater . The initial response was not encouraging . Speaking to CNN , Mexican State Rep. Francisco TreviÃ ± o said this : "  I am truly offended and annoyed by the fact that a foreign artist feels like she can come here and make fun of and mock our national flag on Independence Day , September 16th . " Seriously ? Trevino ca n't really believe that the stunt was intended as a direct assault on the Mexican flag . An assault on decency and good manners , maybe . Does he think this was some sort of political statement ? He is probably giving Cyrus and her backup dancers too much credit . Finally , is this really an attempt to mock the flag ? The dancers used it as a prop , but the idea was clearly to draw attention to Cyrus -- not the flag . As a Mexican-American , I realize that , in Mexico , my grandfather 's homeland , the second-most popular sport -- after soccer -- is American bashing . And Cyrus played right into the hands of our neighbors by giving them a weapon to wield against us . But Mexicans do n't always have to play that game . Let 's hope that they treat this for what it is -- an isolated incident by an immature and attention starved pop singer . Nothing more . The U.S.-Mexico relationship is strong . It has suffered through war , conquest , revolution , migration , xenophobia , gun running , drugs , protectionism , Manifest Destiny , income disparity and more . It can suffer fools .	Ruben Navarrette : Miley Cyrus concert in Monterrey , Mexico made tasteless use of Mexican flag Navarrette : What made it particularly egregious was that it came on Mexican independence day He says Cyrus should apologize and could be fined but do n't make it an international incident
CNN  -- U.S. officials are claiming that the terrorist group Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , is "  now a credible alternative to al Qaeda . " But what does that really mean in terms of ISIS ' potential threat to the United States ? After all , al Qaeda has n't pulled off a successful attack in the States since 9/11 , or indeed anywhere in the West since the London transportation bombings in 2005 . This month , Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , criticized the airstrikes in Iraq ordered by President Barack Obama directed at ISIS as too limited , telling CNN 's Candy Crowley , "  That is simply a very narrow and focused approach to a problem which is metastasizing as we speak . Candy , there was a guy a month ago that was in Syria , went back to the United States , came back and blew himself up . We 're tracking 100 Americans who are over there now fighting for ISIS . ISIS is attracting extreme elements from all over the world , much less the Arab world . And what have we done ? " The case McCain alluded to was that of Moner Mohammad Abu-Salha , who grew up in Vero Beach , Florida , and who conducted a suicide bombing in Syria in May on behalf of the Nusra Front , al Qaeda 's Syrian affiliate . According to The New York Times , Abu-Salha had returned to the United States after being trained by Nusra and then went back to Syria to conduct the suicide operation in which he died . McCain asserted on CNN that 100 Americans were fighting with ISIS . In fact , according to U.S. officials , 100 is the total number of Americans believed to have fought or attempted to have fought with any of the many Syrian insurgent groups , some of which are more militant than others , and some of which are even aligned with the United States . According to a count by the New America Foundation , eight people from the United States have been indicted with crimes related to trying to join ISIS or the Nusra Front .  By contrast , some 240 U.S. citizens and residents have been indicted or charged with some kind of jihadist terrorist crime since 9/11 . Some of the Nusra Front cases are far from threatening . On April 19 , 2013 , Abdella Tounisi , an 18-year-old American citizen from Aurora , Illinois , was arrested and charged with attempting to provide material support to Nusra . However , he was caught in a sting operation and described his fighting skills thusly : "  Concerning my fighting skills , to be honest , I do not have any . " Tounisi pleaded not guilty and awaits trial . Other cases appear more serious . In December , Sinh Vinh Ngo Nguyen , a U.S. citizen from Southern California , pleaded guilty to a charge of attempting to provide material support to al Qaeda . Between December 2012 and April 2013 , Nguyen had traveled to Syria , where , he stated , he fought alongside the Nusra Front . On his return , Nguyen discussed with an informant his intent to participate further in jihad . In August 2013 , Gufran Mohammed , a naturalized American citizen living in Saudi Arabia , was charged with attempting to provide material support to the Nusra Front in Syria , by facilitating the recruitment of experienced fighters from al Qaeda 's Somali affiliate to Syria . He pleaded guilty last month . Opinion : How Iraq 's black market in oil funds ISIS Yet so far no U.S. citizen involved in fighting or supporting the Nusra Front or ISIS has been charged with plotting to conduct an attack inside the United States despite the fact the war in Syria is now in its fourth year and the war in Iraq is in its 11th year . Indeed , some Americans who have traveled to Syria have ended up dead apparently because they have no combat experience to speak of ; for instance , Nicole Mansfield from Flint , Michigan , was killed in Syria last year by forces loyal to the Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad . Further , ISIS ' predecessor , al Qaeda in Iraq , never tried to conduct an attack on the American homeland , although it did bomb three American hotels in Jordan in 2005 . And it 's also worth noting that in none of the successful terrorist attacks in the States since 9/11 , such as the Boston Marathon bombings last year or Maj. Nidal Hasan 's massacre at Fort Hood , Texas , in 2009 , did any of the convicted or alleged perpetrators receive training overseas . Returning foreign fighters from the Syrian conflict pose a far greater threat to Europe , which has contributed a much larger number of foreign fighters to the conflict than the United States , including an estimated 700 from France , 450 from the United Kingdom and 270 from Germany . Unlike in the United States , European countries have reported specific terrorist plots tied to returning Syrian fighters . Mehdi Nemmouche , a suspect in the May 24 shootings at a Jewish museum in Brussels , Belgium , that killed four people , spent about a year with jihadist fighters in Syria , according to the Paris prosecutor in the case . But Nemmouche 's case is the only instance of lethal violence by a returning Syrian fighter in the West . Still , the United States must consider European foreign fighters returning from Syria as more than a European problem because many of those returning are from countries that participate in the U.S. visa waiver program and can enter the States without a visa . Moreover , experienced al Qaeda operators are present in Syria . As one senior U.S. intelligence official put it to us , these are veteran members "  with strong resumes and full Rolodexes . " The wars in Syria and Iraq allow such longtime fighters to interact with members of other al Qaeda affiliates . For example , in July , the United States adopted enhanced security measures at airports based on intelligence that bomb-makers from al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula were sharing their expertise in making bombs capable of evading airport security with members of the Syrian Nusra Front . Despite these dangers , however , the threat to the United States from foreign fighters in Syria and Iraq remains only a potential threat . The administration 's airstrikes in Iraq are properly focused upon the more imminent threats to U.S. government employees and American citizens in the Kurdish city of Irbil who are threatened by ISIS advances and the humanitarian catastrophe befalling the Yazidi population in areas controlled by the militant forces . The last time there was a similar exodus of American citizens and residents to an overseas holy war was to Somalia following the U.S.-backed invasion of Somalia by Ethiopian forces in 2006 . More than 40 Americans subsequently went to Somalia to fight with Al-Shabaab , an al Qaeda-affiliated group . Opinion : ISIS beheading -- what should U.S. do ? Just as is the case today in Syria , for a good number of the Americans who went to fight in Somalia it was a one-way ticket because 15 of the 40 or so American volunteers died there either as suicide attackers or on the battlefield . In 2011 , Rep. Peter King , R-New York , then-chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , warned of Americans fighting in Somalia . "  With a large group of Muslim-Americans willing to die as ` martyrs ' and a strong operational partnership with al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan and in Yemen , al-Shabaab now has more capability than ever to strike the U.S. homeland . " As it turned out , those Americans who returned from the Somali jihad did not attempt or carry out any kind of terrorist attack in the States . Now King is back at it again , telling NBC last week , "  ISIS is a direct threat to the United States of America . ... They are more powerful now than al Qaeda was on 9/11 . " ISIS is surely a major problem for Iraq , and its tactics and strategy are abhorrent , as demonstrated by the beheading of American journalist James Foley , its use of crucifixions and its genocidal attacks on the small Yazidi minority . But that does n't mean it is a serious threat to the American homeland .	U.S. officials now see ISIS as a credible threat , on a par with al Qaeda Peter Bergen : Some lawmakers have exaggerated the current threat to U.S. from ISIS He says the problem is a potential issue , but few have been charged so far Bergen : Clearly ISIS is a potent force that must be countered in Middle East
CNN  -- The darling of the Russian crowd duly delivered Tuesday to regain her status as the leading women 's pole vaulter in the world . Yelena Isinbayeva shrugged off five years of disappointments in global competition to return to the top of the podium , roared on by partisan home support in the Luzhniki Stadium . Not even Usain Bolt and his 100m heroics could capture the imagination as surely as Isinbayeva , the four-day old championships , marked by sparse attendances , finally springing fully to life . The noise reached a fever pitch when the 31-year-old successfully cleared 4.89 m while America 's 2012 Olympic champion Jennifer Suhr and Cuban Yarisley Silva both failed at that height . Suhr claimed the silver at 4.82 m on count back . But all eyes were left on Isinbayeva , who made three unsuccessful attempts to break her own world record of 5.06 m . It was her third world championship title in the discipline . She had dominated the event with Olympic golds in Athens 2004 and the 2008 Games in Beijing , setting 28 world records indoor and outdoor . Her golden run came to abrupt end at the 2009 World Championships and at Daegu two years ago she finished a lowly sixth . Bronze behind Suhr in the London Games last year was also a disappointment , but she has now gained redemption on home soil . "  It was the best ever support , " said Isinbayeva , who will now to take a break from the sport to have a baby , but is hoping to return for the 2016 Olympics in Rio . "  I felt like I was at home , that everyone was behind me . I absorbed that and it resulted in a gold , " she added . The crowd were also treated to an array of competitive finals and a big shock as Grenada 's Olympic champion Kirani James slumped to 400m defeat to LaShawn Merritt of the United States . James could not match the power of Merritt and faded to seventh in the home straight as the 2008 Olympic champion crossed the line in a season 's best 43.74 seconds . Teammate Tony McQuay ran a fine 44.40 seconds for silver with Luquelin Santos of the Dominican Republic in third . "  It just did n't work out for me today , " admitted the 20-year-old James , who was defending his title won in Daegu two years ago . Olympic 800m champion David Rudisha was missing from the event he has made his own , breaking his own world record on the way to gold in London last year . In his absence , Mohammed Aman of Ethiopia charged through to claim his country 's first global crown at the two-lap event . He eased past American Nicky Symmonds to win in one minute 43.31 seconds with Ayanleh Souleiman claiming bronze for Djibouti . Ukraine 's Ganna Melnichenko won the women 's heptathlon after holding off a determined challenge from Canada 's Brianne Theisen Eaton , who is the wife of newly-crowned world decathlon champion Ashton Eaton of the United States . She needed to beat Melnichenko by a healthy margin in the closing 800m event , but could not pull ahead by the 4.69 seconds required and had to settle for silver . Isinbayeva 's gold was the second of the day for the hosts after Olympic champion Elena Lashmanova crossed the line first in the women 's 20km walk .	Yelena Isinbayeva wins women 's pole vault at world championships First global success for Russian since 2008 Olympics LaShawn Merritt takes men 's 400m gold with storming run Aman breaks Ethiopian gold drought with 800m win
CNN  -- The Polish president on Saturday signed his country 's ratification of the Lisbon Treaty , aimed at streamlining the workings of the European Union . Polish President Lech Kaczynski holds the EU 's Lisbon Treaty in Warsaw on October 10 . President Lech Kaczynski 's approval of the treaty leaves the Czech Republic as the lone country that has not ratified the document . Kaczynski signed the treaty at a ceremony attended by EU officials in Warsaw . He had refused to sign the document until it was ratified by Irish voters in a referendum . They backed it by a wide margin on October 2 . "  I am certain that the union will function even better with the treaty of Lisbon , " Kaczynski said Saturday , in an excerpt of his remarks provided by the Swedish presidency of the EU . The treaty would create an EU president and foreign minister and introduce rotating representatives for member countries in the EU Commission , the union 's executive branch . All member states have to ratify the treaty before it can be adopted . "  The Czech Republic must conclude their ratification process by the signature of President Klaus . Europe is waiting impatiently , " Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt said , according to the Swedish presidency . The Lisbon treaty is undergoing review in a Czech court , which will determine in a few weeks whether it is compatible with the nation 's constitution . Czech President Vaclav Klaus must also sign it . On Friday , Klaus outlined his objections to the treaty , saying at a news conference that "  the Lisbon Treaty constitutes a fundamental change for the Czech Republic . "  As you know , I have always considered this treaty a step in the wrong direction , " he said . "  It will increase its democratic deficit , worsen the standing of our country and expose it to new risks -- among other things also because it endangers the legal status of the citizens and the stability of property rights in our country , " he said . He said he was particularly concerned about one section of the treaty , called the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union , which concerns fundamental human rights , including property rights , for EU citizens . "  On its basis , the Luxembourg Court of Justice of the EU will assess whether the legal provisions , customs and practices of the EU member countries comply with those of the charter , " Klaus said . "  The charter makes it possible to reexamine even those decisions of the Czech courts that are legally binding , " he said . He said he feared the treaty would make it possible to raise property claims related to the expulsion of Germans from Czechoslovakia following World War II . The last Czech government did not pay enough attention to this possibility , he said , and did not negotiate an exemption from the charter , which Poland and the United Kingdom have , he said . "  Before the ratification , Czech Republic must at least ex post negotiate a similar exemption , " he said . "  I think this exemption can be solved quickly . " Klaus spoke with Reinfeldt by phone on Thursday about the treaty . "  This sends the wrong message at the wrong time , " Reinfeldt said afterward , his spokeswoman , Roberta Alenius told CNN . Czech Prime Minister Jan Fischer said in a Friday statement that he had seen Klaus ' concerns , and said that he regretted that the president did not consult with the government beforehand . "  I remain convinced that the Czech Republic will bring the ratification process of the Lisbon Treaty to a successful conclusion , so that it can enter into force by the end of the year , " he said .	Treaty undergoing review in a Czech court to determine its compatiblity Czech president raises fears over property claims relating to World War II Swedish presidency of EU calls on Czech Republic to clarify ratification comments Only Czech Republic left to sign treaty that would reform the European Union
CNN  -- The music is n't new , but the discovery that a young Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart "  almost certainly " composed it is a stunning revelation . A researcher in Austria says the works were probably transcribed by Mozart 's father , as young Mozart played . The two compositions -- a concerto in G and a prelude in G -- have long been in the files at the International Mozarteum Foundation in Salzburg , Austria , as anonymous works and were even published in the book "  New Mozart Edition " in 1982 . Now Ulrich Leisinger , director of the foundation 's research department , believes the works actually were composed by Mozart before he was old enough to write music , and that Mozart 's father , Leopold , transcribed them . The foundation said in a statement that Leisinger analyzed the handwriting and other "  stylistic criteria " to determine the music was "  almost certainly unknown compositions by " the young Mozart . The compositions were found in a book , compiled by Mozart 's father , that was used for practice and the musical education of both Mozart and his sister , according to the statement . Leisinger 's analyses "  support the claim that they were actually composed by the young Mozart , who was not yet versed in musical notation , and transcribed by his father as the boy played the works at the keyboard , " the statement said . Jeffrey Kimpton , president of the Interlochen Center for the Arts in Michigan , called the works "  a remarkable historical find . " He said Leopold Mozart transcribed his son 's early works as a way of preserving them . "  When parents go to a piano recital of an early student , a young student , who 's playing for the first time , they get a video tape , they get a DVD , that 's a way of recording it , " Kimpton said . "  I think what 's exciting is that Mozart 's father wanted to preserve this incredible genius . The young boy at this time did n't know how to write music , but he sure could play it . It 's like a family photo or video album . " Finding such historical treasures is like detective work , Kimpton said . "  You 're kind of putting together a DNA picture , " he said . "  This particular museum has hundreds of manuscripts . Over time as you learn more and more by various scholars working on this , you might turn the page and you may have looked at it a hundred times before but suddenly begin to see some things or understand some things that make some sense . " Mozart was born in Salzburg in 1756 and started composing when he was 5 years old . By the time of his death in 1791 , he had written more than 600 pieces of music .	Researcher : Two pieces likely composed by Mozart before he could write music Mozart 's father probably transcribed the music , researcher says Compositions have long been known but as anonymous works Pieces were in book compiled by Mozart 's father
A power outage in Minneapolis disrupted air travelers throughout the United States on Tuesday as computerized reservations systems for several carriers went down . The outage occurred at Navitaire , a reservation technology company with around 60 airlines as customers . It was not clear exactly how many airlines were affected or how many flights had been canceled because of reservations and ticketing issues , but the major North American airlines affected Tuesday night appeared to be AirTran , Spirit and Toronto , Canada-based Porter Airlines . In a statement to CNN , Navitaire said the power failure occurred at a "  third party 's facility , " and that the company was working to restore service as soon as possible . CNN iReporter Joe Garcia was an AirTran passenger who was stranded in Memphis , Tennessee , on Tuesday night . "  We were just given hotel rooms for the night . It 's a security issue , " Garcia said . "  They claim it 's a lightning strike that knocked their system down nationwide . They could n't issue new boarding passes or clear anyone . Flights left delayed but only with people that had preprinted boarding passes . They wo n't make any guarantees that the system will be up tomorrow . " Here is what some of the airlines that use Navitaire told CNN Tuesday evening : AirTran : "  A power outage earlier today at our vendor 's data facility that manages our airport computer systems is causing us to process customers manually at the airport for AirTran 's operations , " said Chris Mainz , spokesman for AirTran parent company Southwest Airlines . "  The power at the facility has been restored , and we are told that the AirTran system should be fully restored . ... We sincerely apologize to all of our customers impacted by this outage . Of course , we 'll do our best to minimize delays and accommodate impacted customers as quickly as possible . " Spirit : "  We are currently experiencing technical issues with our reservations system as a result of a power outage with our provider that is impacting multiple airlines . All flights are operating , and we have not had any cancellations as a result of this issue , " said Misty Pinson , Spirit Airlines spokeswoman . Porter Airlines : "  We are experiencing systemwide network outages affecting our website , Call Centre , reservation system and flight planning , " the company said on its website . The site listed 40 flights canceled for Tuesday evening and two for Wednesday . The site gave customers a number to call -- 1-888-619-8622 -- and added , "  We are expecting a high volume of calls and thank you for your patience . " Fire at Boston airport delays flights Latest Boeing Dreamliner completes test flight	Company says failure occurred at a "  third party 's facility " Navitaire serves some 60 airlines AirTran , Spirit and Porter are three of the affected airlines
CNN  -- It 's often proclaimed that "  behind a strong man there is a strong woman " -- and in the case of Kenya 's prime minister and his wife , the saying seems to be true . Ida Odinga , the wife of Kenyan leader Raila Odinga , has been a champion for female rights in Kenya for more than two decades now . A teacher by profession , Odinga established a women 's voting league in 1991 and became known as the face of defiance during her country 's one-party regime . She is also one of the first women to head a major corporation in the East African nation . "  It 's good to be a wife , but it 's good to be an educated wife . Being a wife , it 's just not a position of subordination -- it 's a position of strength , " she says . "  And I make him -LSB- Raila Odinga -RSB- stronger by being strong . " Odinga opened up to CNN 's Felicia Taylor about the role of women in Kenya and her life as the wife of the country 's prime minister . An edited version of the interview follows . CNN : What do you enjoy the most in your role as the wife of Kenya 's prime minister ? Ida Odinga : Meeting with the people , particularly meeting with the young women in schools and colleges , I enjoy being with them . The most rewarding thing that I find is that when I go out in schools and in colleges , and I mentor the girls and I see how they respond to mentorship . I do n't only mentor the girls , I also mentor the girls , their parents and the community and I see the response . I find that really rewarding . CNN : What do you think is the changing role for women in Kenya now ? IO : Women are taking up positions of responsibility , particularly in leadership -- political leadership , administrative leadership and all sorts of leadership . And that changing role is coming as a result of education . The other thing is that there is also a really large number of young bright women who are not able to pay school fees , who are not able to advance in education . And I look for means and ways to help them so that they can at least get the education . See also : Kenya PM : Sudan conflict threatens world oil prices CNN : You were one of the first women to head a major corporation in East Africa , a liquefied gas cylinder manufacturing company . That does n't sound like the easiest business . How did you do this ? IO : The work is different because it is heavy duty work but I do enjoy it , like teaching . In teaching you start with young girls and you take them and in the end they become young women . And you see the development , in the end you see the work , the result of your work . Similarly , when you take raw materials and you cut it and you roll it and you weld it and you do this and in the end you see a beautiful cylinder standing on the other end , it is very rewarding . When you are satisfied with what you are doing and when you are in charge of what you are doing , you are powerful . And power is the nature of the game . The women must be powerful and they must remain strong . CNN : Your husband spent most of the 1980s jailed by president Moi 's government . How hard was it on you ? IO : It was very hard on me -- at that time I had three children , my eldest was nine years old then I had a five-year-old and a three-year-old . Now I was still a teacher in high school and I loved my job , I did it diligently and I enjoyed doing it . But then there were challenges because for all those years , I became like a political widow without a husband and my children had to go to school , they had to leave and so forth . I was not prepared to take care of the children alone and so this thing came to me as a surprise . But then I had to mature very quickly and know how to balance my life , how to be able to do my job and still bring up the children , single-handledly for those 10 years . See also : Queen of Kenyan radio : ` African women need a hand-up not a hand-out ' But there 's also something else that made it more difficult -- I was always being followed by the police , they were always following me and harassing me . It was never peaceful time . And in the process sometimes I would be arrested and thrown in the cell and remained there for a weekend . CNN : You 've said , "  you must love yourself before someone else does . " What are you really trying to tell women ? IO : When I say "  you must love yourself before someone else does , " that 's self esteem . Now if you love yourself , you want the best for yourself . You take care of your self and then others will see that and come and join you . Do n't wait for someone to tell you how good you are , how strong , even how beautiful you are . You must know yourself that : "  I 'm beautiful , I 'm knowledgeable , I 'm strong , I can do it ! Join me to help me do it . " But do n't wait for somebody to tell you because when you wait for people to tell you , then they 'll take advantage of you because they 'll think that they 've made you . But make them understand that you make yourself . And after you 've made yourself , then others can come to join you to make you stronger . CNN : That does n't detract from being a fantastic wife , does it ? You can be both . IO : It 's good to be a wife , but it 's good to be an educated wife . Being a wife , it 's just not a position of subordination -- it 's a position of strength . And I 'd like to show them the best way to be a wife . You 're a wife , I 'm a wife of a prime minister and he loves me to death anyway . And I make him stronger by being strong .	CNN sits down with Ida Odinga wife of Kenya 's prime minister , Raila Odinga A teacher by profession , she is known for her dedication to Kenya 's women and children She says education is helping women take up positions of responsibility "  The women must be powerful and they must remain strong , " says Odinga
Anchorage , Alaska  CNN  -- Alaska 's famed Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race officially gets under way Sunday after a ceremonial start to a 1,000-mile competition that takes mushers through some of the harshest conditions imaginable . Sixty-two teams are competing this year and will travel more than 1,150 miles across the Arctic for a chance at $ 50,400 and a new truck . They sped through Anchorage Saturday to the sounds of racing paws and cheering crowds . An official "  restart " of the race is set to take place Sunday in Willow , Alaska , about 70 miles north of Anchorage . The competition will end in Nome . "  You know , some people were put on earth to be lawyers , construction , you know whatever . I was put on earth to race , train and promote sled dog racing , " said Lance Mackey , 40 , who is gunning for his fifth consecutive win . He won the 2010 race in eight days , 23 hours , 59 minutes and 9 seconds . Mackey 's stepson , Cain Carter , is competing in the Iditarod for the first time this year . The teams face strong winds and temperatures well below zero that will test the strength of the dogs and the stamina of their owners . The Iditarod race from Anchorage to Nome first ran in 1973 . "  This is my job . It is my hobby ; it is my passion ; it is everything that I love , " Mackey said .	62 teams are competing this year and will travel more than 1,000 miles At stake is $ 50,400 and a new truck The competition will end in Nome
CNN  -- After Angelina Jolie made the surprise announcement on Tuesday of having undergone a preventative double mastectomy , the world stood in awe of her brave move and willingness to share her story . Now hailed an inspiration to other women , CNN examines what makes us love the Oscar-winning actress turned humanitarian . 1 . Demonstrating courage Angelina Jolie has never been afraid to express herself , emotionally or artistically . Her decision to publicly announce her preventative surgery so other women could benefit from her experience shows bravery and an overwhelming desire to help others . She has gone against her own public image and challenged the perception of a woman 's identity by choosing to speak up about her operation . Even more powerful , her global reach may influence millions of women to proactively look after themselves . 2 . Humanitarian efforts It has become Jolie 's mission to provide a voice for people whose lives have been ravaged by war and natural disasters . In short , she has turned her celebrity status into a force for good . She has personally donated more than $ 5 million to the UNHCR since 2001 . In addition to her appointment as UN Special Envoy to Refugees , the actress has set up the Maddox Jolie-Pitt Foundation dedicated to conservation , education and healthcare in Cambodia . 3 . Transcending stereotypes Jolie refuses to fit a certain mold and proves that women can be daring and independent , and at the same time caring and altruistic . She is a loving mother of six campaigning tirelessly for women and children across the globe , but she is also an Oscar-winning Hollywood actress . The actress has redefined what it means to be a humanitarian . 4 . Cinematic talent From her award-winning portrayal of a mentally unstable woman in "  Girl , Interrupted " to starring in the "  Lara Croft " series , Jolie has steered clear of typecasting and has not shied away from theatrical risk . In the last decade , she has steered her career in a serious and meaningful direction , starring in films such as "  Changeling , " as a distraught mother looking for her son , and "  A Mighty Heart , " playing the role of Mariane Pearl , wife of U.S. journalist Daniel Pearl who was , in 2002 , abducted and killed in Pakistan . In 2011 , she made her directorial debut with "  In the Land of Blood and Honey , " a film about the Bosnian War . 5 . From celebrity to icon Jolie has emerged as a woman who is not afraid to make mistakes . She has made the ultimate transition -- from Hollywood starlet to global ambassador and in turn , has become an icon of female empowerment , strength and independence along the way .	Angelina Jolie has demonstrated courage going public about her mastectomy The actress chose to undergo preventative surgery In recent years she has become increasingly well known for her humanitarian work
CNN  -- North Korean leader Kim Jong Un on Wednesday made his second public speech , signaling a departure in leadership style from his late father . Speaking to tens of thousands of children in Pyongyang on the 66th anniversary of the Korean Children 's Union , Kim said the country has a good future . "  Korea 's future depends on you , " he said . "  The Korea you are in charge of will be a country full of laughter and happiness , and also the strongest country in the world . " Kim said the country has the latest rocket technology and called on the children to study hard , saying they can not contribute to the nation if their grades are bad . In April , North Korea carried out a failed rocket launch that it said was to put a satellite into orbit . Other countries , including South Korea and the United States , assumed it was a coverup for testing its ballistic missile technology . About 20,000 children were transported to Pyongyang from around the country for the occasion , state-run KCNA reported . North Korean television showed footage of many children sobbing with emotion as their leader spoke . Kim Jong Un also spoke at the 100th anniversary of the birth of North Korean founder , Kim Il Sung . His father , Kim Jong Il , is believed to have made only one brief broadcast throughout his reign , showing his son is creating his own individual persona . The speech is also considered a way for Kim Jong Un to try to win over a new generation as he continues to shore up support for his hereditary succession . A North Korean expert says the speech shows Kim Jong Un is more similar to his grandfather , Kim Il Sung , than his father , which is what the nation 's propaganda machine has emphasized . "  His grandfather , unlike his father , was a reasonably good speaker , not charismatic , but he could talk for hours if necessary and was clearly not shy when it came to talking in public , it was part of the image , " said Professor Andrei Lankov of Kookmin University .	His speech signals a departure in leadership style from his late father "  Korea 's future depends on you , " he tells thousands of children The speech is considered a way for Kim Jong Un to try and win over a new generation
CNN  -- Mourners packed church pews Tuesday at a memorial service for seven victims slain in a shooting rampage at a small religious college in Oakland , California . "  We realize that at this time we have to draw together , uniting for peace , praying for peace in our city , and praying to stop the violence , " said a woman who introduced various parts of the service . Meanwhile , authorities continued searching for the weapon a gunman used Monday when he killed seven people execution-style at Oikos University . Accused shooter One Goh gave some details to investigators about Monday 's attack , but refused to say where he disposed of the gun , police said . Investigators had narrowed their search for the weapon and were combing a shoreline park area Tuesday , police spokeswoman Johnna Watson told reporters . Forensic investigators were still at the scene of the shooting Tuesday , she said . Police plan to present the case to the district attorney for possible charges sometime this week , she said . "  It 's a large investigation . We want to be thorough , " she said . Goh was being held Tuesday in Alameda County 's Santa Rita Jail pending an initial appearance in court this week . The 43-year-old former student at the college "  does not appear to be remorseful at all , " Oakland Police Chief Howard Jordan said . Police : Suspect was angry over college expulsion Goh told authorities that he was upset about being expelled from Oikos University this year , Jordan said . Investigators believe Goh walked into the single-story building housing the university Monday morning , took a secretary hostage and went looking for a particular female administrator , who was not there , Jordan told CNN . Goh took the secretary into the classroom , but when he realized the administrator was not there , he shot her and ordered the students to line up against the wall . Not all of them cooperated , Jordan said , and so he began shooting . "  I 'm going to kill you all , " the gunman said , according to CNN affiliate KTLA . "  This was a calculated , cold-blooded execution in the classroom , " Jordan said . The suspect "  just felt a certain urge to inflict pain on them , " he said . After the shooting , the man left the classroom , reloaded his semiautomatic weapon and returned , firing into several classrooms , Jordan said . He ended his rampage by driving off in a victim 's car , police said . In all , seven people were killed and three were wounded . "  This happened within minutes , " Jordan said . "  We do n't think the victims had any opportunity to resist , any opportunity to surrender . " The suspect was arrested a short time after the shooting , when he surrendered to police at a grocery store in the Oakland suburb of Alameda , Jordan said . Goh offered no resistance when arrested , Jordan said , and was "  very cooperative , very matter-of-fact , very calm . " Under questioning , Goh "  remembered very good details " about the incident , he said . "  He planned this several weeks in advance , " Jordan told KTVU on Tuesday . "  He was so upset he went out and purchased a weapon and had every intent to kill people yesterday . " All three of those wounded were released from Oakland 's Highland Hospital on Monday night , spokeswoman Monique Binkley Smith said Tuesday . Oakland Mayor Jean Quan condemned the violence . "  No American mayor wants to have this situation , " she said . "  It seems over the last decade , we 've gotten used to seeing senseless mass killings like this , and we 'll have to question the availability of guns and the need for other services in our community . " Investigators have determined that the gun they believe Goh used was obtained legally in California , but details about the weapon 's purchase were still under investigation , Watson said . Harrowing descriptions of chaotic scenes inside and outside the college emerged Tuesday . Audio recordings of police radio exchanges released Tuesday include a dispatcher describing reports of shots coming from inside the building . "  People are running out , screaming , " she says . "  There 's a female bleeding down on the ground , face down on the concrete , " a dispatcher says . An officer at the scene describes a man who has a gunshot wound to his head . "  We were able to extricate one body , a victim from the building , the victim still has a faint pulse . We 're waking her up now , " another officer says . Art Richards told CNN he was on his way to pick up a friend and thought the commotion outside the school was caused by a car accident . Then , he said , a woman emerged from bushes and told him she had been shot . "  I was kind of mind-boggled , " he said , but the woman showed him her arm . "  She had a good little piece , a chunk of her arm , missing . " Police handcuffed one man outside the school , but the woman told authorities he was not the shooter , Richards said . "  Right after that , close to seven , eight , nine shots rang out , " he said . "  Everybody got down . The police took cover . We took cover . " A few minutes after that , the first body was brought out , he said . "  They were just pulling out bodies after bodies . " Brian Snow said he was at a nearby credit union when shots rang out . "  I went outside and the cops were coming and like ` Do n't move , do n't move , ' and it started getting chaotic . ... A pedestrian came out with a bullet hole , " he said . Meanwhile , inside the college , survivors hid behind locked doors or desks as gunfire erupted . Tashi Wangzon said that his wife , a student there , heard the shots , then locked the door to her classroom and turned off the lights . "  The man with the gun later came toward the room and , at the time , he fired several rounds at the door , " Wangzon told KGO . "  Then he left  when he thought nobody was there  . " Lucas Garcia , who was teaching an English class at the college when the rampage began , told KGO that he counted about six gunshots from a nearby nursing classroom and heard someone yell , "  He 's got a gun . " Garcia said he got his students out of the building while the gunfire continued . What is Oikos University ? The college caters to the Korean-American Christian community but also has students from diverse backgrounds . It offers degrees in theology , music , nursing and Asian medicine , according to its website . The victims of Monday 's shooting ranged in age from 21 to 40 and were from countries including Korea , Nepal , Nigeria and the Philippines , Jordan said . With the exception of the secretary , all the victims were students . Of those killed , six were women and one was a man , but Jordan said investigators do not know whether Goh was targeting women . Quan , Oakland 's mayor , said most of the victims appeared to be from the city 's Korean-American community , and the city was working to find multilingual counselors to help survivors . Community and faith leaders were scheduled to attend Tuesday 's memorial , and they hope to develop a strategy for dealing with the situation , said June Lee , executive director of the Oakland-based Korean Community Center of the East Bay . "  We 're looking for a way to help the families and the community that are impacted by this incident , " she said . Civic and church leaders will try to come up with a community strategy to deal with the tragedy , she said . But she stressed the importance of not stigmatizing Koreans or Asians . "  This is all new to us . We do n't want to stigmatize whatever the issue is . ... We need to identify the issues first , " she said . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Sara Weisfeldt , Matt Smith , Alan Duke , Paul Vercammen , Dan Simon and Augie Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We have to draw together , uniting for peace , " a woman says at service Forensic investigators are at the scene of the shooting Police are searching for the weapon the gunman used "  This was a calculated , cold-blooded execution , " Oakland police chief says
CNN  -- Arsenal 's passage through to the knockout stages of the Champions League took a severe knock on Tuesday night as they went down to a shock 0-2 defeat at Braga in Group H. Two late goals from Brazilian striker Matheus mean Arsenal relinquish their place at the top of the table and means Arsene Wenger 's team with need to get a result against Partizan Belgrade in their final match . Arsenal will complain that they had a cast iron penalty denied by the officials , when Carlos Vela was brought down in the box in the 80th minute . But the referee did n't see it that way and booked the Mexican striker for diving . Moments later , Matheus evaded Arsenal 's offside trap before executing a cool finish over a flailing Fabianski in goal . The Gunners misery was compounded when Matheus broke through again in injury time , weaving through a series of tackles , before firing precisely into the top corner . In the other Group H game Shakhtar Donetsk earned a comfortable 3-0 win over strugglers Partizan Belgrade with second half goals from Stepanenko , Jadson and Eduardo . MSK Zilina threatened to add to Chelsea 's recent Premier League woes when they took a shock first half lead at Stamford Bridge in Group F. Babatounde finished off a flowing movement to fire past keeper Ross Turnbull after 19 minutes . They maintained their lead until six minutes into the second half when Daniel Sturridge equalized for the Blues . Florent Malouda sparred any blushes when he scored four minutes from time to maintain Chelsea 's 100 percent record in Europe this season . In the group 's other game , Marseille inflicted a 3-0 defeat on Spartak Moscow at the Luzhniki Stadium , Moscow . Nicolas Valbuena opened the scoring for the visitors with a pinpoint strike after 18 minutes , while Loic Remy added a second shortly after the break , dinking the ball over a defender before firing home -- the ball rebounding off both posts before finding the net . A red card for Brazilian striker Welliton in the 65th minute made a Spartak comeback even less likely . And so it proved as Brandao added a third three minutes after Welliton departed . The win moves Marseille up into second place in the group on nine points , which is enough for them to qualify for next year 's knockout phase . First half goals from Benzema and Arbeloa were followed by a brace from Cristiano Ronaldo in the second as Real Madrid coasted to an easy 4-0 win over Ajax at the Amsterdam Arena . But Madrid 's evening was soured when first Xabi Alonso then Sergio Ramos were sent off for time-wasting late in the game . The win means they maintain their unassailable lead over AC Milan at the top of Group G . The Serie A leaders left it late to secure their place in the knockout stages . Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored his fourth goal in five Champions League games in the 65th minute , followed by an injury time strike from Ronaldinho to beat bottom placed Auxerre 0-2 . Roma completed a memorable second half comeback against Bayern Munich in the Stadio Olimpico in Group E. Two goals from Mario Gomez in the 33rd and 39th minutes gave Bayern , who had already qualified before tonight 's match , a first-half lead . Roma halved the deficit four minutes into the second half thanks to a goal from striker Marco Borriello , but Roma fans were kept waiting until the 81st minute for the equalizer from De Rossi . Second half substitute Francesco Totti completed the turnaround when he converted an 84th minute penalty to put Roma within touching distance of the knockout phase . In the other Group E game , a 15th minute strike from Federico Almerares was enough to give Basle a 1-0 win over CFR Cluj-Napoca .	A late brace from Braga striker Matheus sinks Arsenal in Portugal Chelsea come from behind to beat MSK Zilina 2-1 and maintain 100 percent record Real Madrid put four past Ajax but have Alonso and Ramos sent off late on Roma comeback from two goals down to beat Bayern Munich 3-2 in Rome
CNN  You ca n't escape Disney 's phenomenon "  Frozen . " It is the highest-grossing animated film of all time and one of Disney 's top franchises . It was the most downloaded movie from Apple last year , and kids everywhere are still singing the movie 's anthem , "  Let It Go . " Heck , it 's now probably stuck in your own head right now , even if you have never seen the film . So why has the 2013 movie stuck around for so long for the under-5 set ? Experts say it is not just because you can find images of movie 's sisters on everything . Elsa and Anna are on dresses , on scooters and , just in time for the Easter season , even on jelly beans . To understand the psychology behind "  Frozen " Mania , CNN reached out to psychologists who are sisters themselves : Yalda Uhls is regional director for Common Sense Media . Maryam Kia-Keating is an associate professor of clinical psychology at University of California , Santa Barbara . Here is our edited conversation . CNN : Princess movies have been around since the beginning of time , but this has really resonated . What has made this one so unique ? Yalda Uhls : One of the things that really struck me , and I think struck little children , is that there is a really strong intergenerational , family-themed message here . Despite the sisters Anna and Elsa being separated for so long , the story is ultimately about the bond between the two of them . When you 're little , that is your zone ; that 's your group ; they define your world . Highlighting that and making it feel important -- your sister , your brother , your mom and dad -- is something little kids can really identify with . Maryam Kia-Keating : Kids can really understand the idea of their sister wanting to play with them , and sometimes not , but still having a strong family bond . Ultimately , it 's about the love between the sisters . That 's a message that many little children understand . There are also good lessons about overcoming struggles and facing life challenges . But , what 's interesting about preschoolers , in particular , is there 's this loyalty and unrelenting interest to watch this movie over and over again . Part of it is because it was so well done , but there are some themes that younger kids can really identify with . My 4-year-old daughter told me that she also liked that it did n't have a witch . I would n't have thought that until she said it , but it made me more thoughtful about all the other movies -- great movies -- that have scary witches and themes in them . This was something that little kids under 5 are n't going to have nightmares about . CNN : Why is not having a witch important to a preschooler ? Kia-Keating : When you 're an adult , you 've heard a lot of these stories , like "  Snow White " or "  Cinderella , " and you forget the power they can have . It 's helpful to have a child 's point of view on this . Kids are living in this world where the line between what 's real and what 's not really is blurry , and because they have such vivid imaginations , witches and monsters can feel very real . As adults , we may see these villains or monsters as a way to tell a story or a lesson , but when children are in the moment of being scared , they are caught up in the fear and not in finding the larger lesson . Uhls : I used to work in the film industry , and as adults , we 're told that we need conflict to drive drama . Take Grimm 's Fairy Tales ; there are always dire stakes . Or movies like "  Bambi " and "  The Lion King , " where the mother or father die . These are serious issues and themes , and sometimes little kids are n't ready to process and understand these ideas . CNN : What about the characters seem so easy for kids to empathize with ? Uhls : Preschooler imaginations are really strong , and so they respond really well to stories with magical realism . In "  Frozen , " Princess Elsa has these powers to control ice and snow -- and that really captures kids ' imaginations . When you 're small , you do n't feel powerful . Everyone is always dictating what you can and can not do . Having a character they can empathize with that has these powers can make them feel more empowered , as well . Kia-Keating : That magical piece is exciting and is one of the things that really sets this movie apart from others . Another aspect that kids see themselves in Elsa and Anna is the impulsiveness . Parents are constantly trying to teach their little ones how to self-regulate their emotions , how to behave , how to sit down . Elsa is constantly trying to tame or control her emotions -- and while this is something that is salient to everyone throughout their lifetimes , this is something preschoolers deal with all the time . CNN : The song "  Let It Go " : It 's everywhere , and kids ca n't stop singing it . What is it about this anthem ? Kia-Keating : My 4-year-old came home and learned the song before we had even seen the movie . One of the lines she and all her friends connected to was "  Be the good girl that you always have to be . " And when they sing it , they wag their fingers like they do in the movie . I think it looks a lot like something they see and hear from parents -- be a good girl or boy , do n't do this or that -- so part of it is copying what they frequently hear . But when I asked my daughter what she thought the song was about , she said it was about "  Elsa being happy and free , and nobody bothering her . " That 's a message that everyone wants : to be happy and free . Here 's when you 'll get to see that ` Frozen ' short film	Disney 's "  Frozen " is the top-grossing animated film of all time Psychologists say the success of "  Frozen " involves universal themes about family and being good "  Let It Go " appeals to children who seek happiness , freedom and struggle to control their impulses
CNN  -- Actress Sandra Bullock sent a $ 1 million donation to the American Red Cross this week to help with earthquake and tsunami relief efforts in Japan , the Red Cross said Thursday . It is the largest celebrity donation to the Red Cross to be announced since the disaster struck last Friday , although the charity may have gotten large contributions that were kept confidential at the donors ' request . "  This contribution is vitally important as the Red Cross works to provide critical assistance and essential relief items in this time of urgent need for so many people in Japan , " the relief organization said . The contribution was made by the Oscar-winning actress on behalf of her family , the Red Cross said . Dozens of celebrities used their social network accounts , including Twitter , to urge fans to support the Red Cross with small donations . The group has received $ 2.6 million since last Friday in $ 10 donations sent through cell phone text messages , it said . Overall , the American Red Cross has raised about $ 47 million in the United States since the earthquake and tsunami struck Japan last Friday . The U.S. organization has passed $ 10 million of those donations on to the Japanese Red Cross for work on the ground in Japan , it said .	Bullock 's is the largest celeb donation to the Red Cross revealed so far Dozens of celebs are urging fans to send cell phone donations to the Red Cross Text message donations have reached $ 2.6 million , the Red Cross says
CNN  -- Israel began releasing more than two dozen Palestinian prisoners late Tuesday , a goodwill gesture on the eve of new peace talks that have been complicated by Israeli plans for new housing in East Jerusalem . The vans began pulling away from the Israeli prison in Ramla shortly before 10 p.m.  3 p.m. ET  , carrying the 26 freed inmates to flag-waving receptions in the West Bank and Gaza . One group was handed over the Palestinian officials at the Israeli prison at Ofer and they were driven to meet with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in nearby Ramallah . As they were driven away , Palestinian youths outside started throwing stones at the prison , where guards responded by firing stun grenades and tear gas . Some of the Palestinians had been held for more than 20 years . But as the vans rolled away , a group of demonstrators waved signs condemning the release , complaining that the prisoners had Israeli blood on their hands . In approving the release , a committee of Israeli Cabinet ministers stressed "  that if any of the released prisoners return to hostile activity against the state of Israel , they will be returned to continue serving their sentences . " Abbas announced the release of the prisoners was just the beginning . "  We say to them and the rest who will follow , this is the beginning and there are other brothers who will be returning and be amongst you soon , " he said . The prisoner release came after Israel said it would forge ahead with a plan to build 900 housing units in East Jerusalem , which the Palestinians hope will be the capital of their future state . The issue of Israeli settlements derailed the last round of direct talks , in 2010 , and critics of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu say building on disputed territory could derail the new talks , slated to start Wednesday in Jerusalem . "  Netanyahu has to decide which government he is heading : a government that is trying to reach a peace agreement , or a government that is trying to undermine all possibilities of this agreement , " said Shelly Yachimovich , head of the Labor Party and the Israeli opposition . In January , the United Nations Human Rights Council said Israeli settlements amount to "  creeping annexation " of Palestinian territories by Israel and have taken a "  heavy toll " on the rights and sovereignty of Palestinians . And in Washington , where American leaders have pushed both sides to return to the table , the State Department said it had "  serious concerns " with the new announcement . "  We 've encouraged both sides broadly speaking to refrain from taking steps that could undermine trust . We said that from the beginning , " State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . But , she added , "  We 've also been clear that these are complicated issues , and there will be bumps in the road . " Daoud Kuttab , a columnist for the online Middle Eastern news site Al-Monitor , said the released prisoners are a bargaining chip to make sure the Palestinians do n't back out of the talks despite their anger over new settlements . "  They 're trapped , and Mahmoud Abbas has egg on his face today because he ca n't get out of the talks , " Kuttab told CNN . But Rami Khoury , a veteran Middle East analyst at the American University of Beirut , said both sides agreed to resume talks for nine months under American mediation . "  This is a significant gesture , so therefore you 're going to hear a lot of noise from both sides -- complaints , grievances , " Khoury said . "  But you can pretty much discount most of what you hear in public , because they 're both clearly committed to doing this for nine months . And we really need to give it time to see what 's going to happen . " Both Abbas and Netanyahu are "  hemmed in by domestic constraints , " leaving neither side likely to make significant changes on its own , Khoury said . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said last week that "  many difficult choices " lie ahead for both sides , but held out hope that "  reasonable compromises " could be reached . Khoury called that a "  weak statement " that downplayed expectations for the talks . As a result , most observers have little hope that the talks will produce a breakthrough in the decades-old Israeli-Palestinian conflict . But he said the U.S. role in the talks is a "  wild card " that could defy those expectations . "  What is the United States going to do ? " he asked . "  Will it push both sides ? Will it pressure them ? Will it cajole them ? Will it entice them , and will it make serious bridging and endgame proposals ? We have no idea about any of that . " CNN 's Vladimir Duthiers , Saad Abedine , Michael Schwartz , Kareem Khadder and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas welcomes prisoners "  home " Israel releases Palestinian prisoners ahead of new peace talks But Palestinians are angered by Israeli plans for new construction in East Jerusalem West Bank handover followed by rock-throwing , tear gas
CNN  Actress Taraji P. Henson is apologizing for claiming her son was racially profiled during a traffic stop in Southern California last year . The Glendale Police Department released dash cam video of the encounter Friday , which contradicted her son 's claims . Police released the footage after Henson commented about the alleged profiling in an Uptown Magazine interview published last month . In her interview , the star of the hit television show "  Empire " said her son , Marcell Johnson , 20 , was racially profiled in Glendale and at the University of Southern California , where she accused campus police of stopping him for "  having his hands in his pockets . " After her son 's claim , she vowed to send him to Howard University in Washington instead . "  I 'm not paying $ 50K so I ca n't sleep at night wondering is this the night my son is getting racially profiled on campus , " she said . Even the University of Southern California stepped in , with its public safety director , John Thomas , saying he was disturbed by the report of the profiling , and was investigating it further . "  We encourage reporting of allegations of bias and I hope for the opportunity to have a conversation with the young man and his mother , " Thomas said . But Henson retracted her accusations Friday , and publicly apologized to the Glendale Police Department . "  A mother 's job is not easy and neither is a police officer 's , " she said in a post on Instagram . "  Sometimes as humans we overreact without gathering all of the facts . As a mother in this case I overreacted and for that I apologize . Thank you to that officer for being kind to my son . " Police Chief Robert Castro said his agency researched the traffic stop after her comments to the magazine . The incident started when a Glendale officer pulled over Johnson in October for failing to yield to a pedestrian at a cross walk . During the traffic stop , Johnson admitted to having marijuana , an infraction and Ritalin without a prescription , a felony , according to Castro . He consented to a search of the vehicle , and officers found marijuana , honey oil  concentrated marijuana  , a marijuana grinder and a knife , Castro said . Johnson was not driving while impaired and was only cited for possession of marijuana , he said . "  Misinformation that was reported in the story in Uptown Magazine with Taraji P. Henson impairs and weakens the relationships between law enforcement and the communities , " Castro said . The Glendale Police Department said Friday it appreciated Henson 's apology and is sharing it with its officers .	Glendale authorities release dash cam video of the encounter It contradicts her son 's claims
CNN  -- A Rhode Island-based video game company founded by former Major League Baseball pitcher Curt Schilling filed for bankruptcy on Thursday , according to court documents . The company , 38 Studios , filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy in U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware on Thursday . According to the filing , the company owes its creditors $ 150.7 million but only holds $ 21.7 million in assets . "  This action comes after several weeks when the company has reviewed , considered and received the recommendations and advice with respect to potential avenues for relief that are currently available , " the company said in a statement Thursday . "  After ongoing negotiations with the State of Rhode Island and potential investors and other interested parties , the company has been unable to find a solution to the current stalemate . " The move comes less than two weeks after the company laid off its entire staff of nearly 400 employees without pay . Schilling founded 38 Studios after a 20-season career in the majors that ended in 2007 . He pitched on three World Series championship teams and was once a co-MVP in the series .  He wore number 38 when he played for the Boston Red Sox  . In 2010 , the Rhode Island Economic Development Corporation was able to persuade 38 Studios to relocate from Massachusetts with $ 75 million in loan guarantees . At the time , the company had not shipped a single product and was working on an expensive project , a "  massive-multiplayer online role playing game , " or MMORPG . The company was tasked with bringing jobs to Rhode Island 's tech sector , but the February release of its first game , "  Kingdom of Amalur : Reckoning , " was not enough to keep the company in the black . Rhode Island has the second-highest unemployment rate in the country , at 11.2 % . Rhode Island Gov. Lincoln Chafee said in a press conference that he had no prior knowledge of the filing , but that he was not completely surprised . Chafee told the media his office had been working with 38 Studios to find potential investors , and that it will now do its best to help the taxpayers . "  We 're going to do everything possible to maximize return of our investment , and the taxpayers of Rhode Island can have full confidence that if there 's a penny that we can get , or a nickel or a dime , we 'll get it . " The FBI , the U.S. Attorney 's office of the District of Rhode Island , the state attorney 's office and the Rhode Island State Police have opened an investigation into the circumstances of all financial transactions at 38 Studios , according to Col. Steven G. O'Donnell , superintendent of the Rhode Island State Police . O'Donnell would not comment on whether the investigation is related solely to the bankruptcy filing .	38 Studios , founded in Massachusetts by ex-pitching ace Curt Schilling , files Chapter 7 The videogame company owes creditors up to $ 500M , has assets of no more than $ 50M 38 Studios relocated to Rhode Island in 2010 after getting $ 75 million in loan guarantees State and federal authorities , including FBI , are probing the company 's transactions
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Brand new runways are opening at three major airports Thursday , giving the aviation community something to cheer about in a year of dismal economic and travel news . Washington Dulles International Airport 's new runway opens Thursday ahead of the busy holiday travel season . Washington Dulles International Airport will get a fourth runway , its first runway addition since the airport opened in 1962 . Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport 's new runway is part of a massive , multi-billion dollar modernization program . Previously , six of the airport 's seven runways intersected . When the entire project is completed in 2014 , the airport will have eight runways in parallel configurations considered safer and more efficient . Seattle-Tacoma International Airport 's new runway is being especially welcomed because of the region 's notoriously wet climate . The airport 's third runway will allow planes to take off and land two abreast during inclement weather . The current runways are too close to allow simultaneous operations in foul weather . Airport officials claim the new runway will cut delays in half . Transportation Secretary Mary Peters said travelers will benefit from coast to coast . See runways at the three airports " "  It is going to make a difference , " Peters said . "  It is going to allow us to conduct more operations , meaning more takeoffs and landings per hour at these airports and will help move passengers efficiently through . "  That , we hope , will give travelers a good experience this holiday season , " she said . President Bush , this week , touted the arrival of the three new runways , noting that 14 new runways will have opened during his administration . However , aviation experts warn airport infrastructure still lags behind demand , and that real estate realities in the New York area , perceived to be the epicenter of aviation delays , mean that new runways are least likely to be built where they are most needed . Watch what Web sites offer best travel deals " "  It would really be nice if we had even one new runway " at each of the nation 's most congested airports , namely LaGuardia , Newark and JFK , " aviation consultant Darryl Jenkins said . "  It would do an enormous amount to relieve congestion throughout the entire nation . " iReport.com : What are your holiday travel plans ? Jenkins said new runways in New York are pipe dreams because of land constraints and local opposition . "  Local opposition wins . There 's no opposition that is as tough to beat down as local opposition , " he said . Chicago O'Hare 's International Airport , which has purchased more than 500 single-family homes to make room for expansion , remains in court battles with several property owners . Aviation experts argue the experience at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Georgia demonstrate that new runways are invaluable to airlines and travelers . A new runway that opened there in 2006 has increased operations by 25 to 30 flights an hour , shaved minutes off average flight delays and saved airlines $ 10 million a week in fuel costs , airport officials said . Air traffic controllers are generally happy with the added concrete they will lord over . "  There 's no greater supporter of runways than controllers , " said Doug Church , spokesman for the National Air Traffic Controllers Association  NATCA  . "  It 's reason to shout and celebrate from the rooftops . " However , the new Dulles airport runway may not be of much benefit at the start . Controller Chris Sutherland , the NATCA representative for the Potomac Consolidated Terminal Radar Approach Control  TRACON  , explained that because only one taxiway has been completed , planes that land heading north must roll to a stop , turn around and taxi more than a mile and a half to the taxiway , costing the airlines both time and money . "  Bottom line , the users are going to fight us tooth and nail if we try to land them on that runway out there , " Sutherland said . The airport also does not have the technology necessary to use all three parallel runways in inclement weather , he said . "  We 're actually creating delays with additional new concrete and that 's kind of going against why we built it in the first place , " Sutherland said . An airport official and Department of Transportation officials said Washington-Dulles International Airport must open the new runway before it can close the center runway and complete work on the remaining taxiways . Work is scheduled for the spring . Jenkins jokingly said new runways inevitably come on line precisely when they are not needed , but he said airline delays are here to stay . "  There 's every reason to believe that until we 're all comfortably dead , we will all enjoy delays in air traffic , " Jenkins said .	New airport runways open Thursday in Seattle , Chicago and Washington Officials say new runways will make airports safer , more efficient However , aviation experts caution airport infrastructure still lags behind demand
CNN  -- The man suspected of trying to attack the Dutch royal family by crashing his car near their bus has died , Dutch police said Friday . A car is pictured after crashing into the crowd waiting for the visit of the royal family in Apeldoorn . The man , whose name was not released , had been seriously injured in the crash Thursday in the town of Apeldoorn , about 45 miles east of Amsterdam , police said . He died early Friday , police said . He had been charged with trying to attack the royal family , authorities said . Were you there ? Send us your video , images Police searched the man 's house but found no weapons , explosives , "  or any other clues that could lead to the involvement of other people , " police said . Five people , as well as the driver , were killed and 12 were wounded in the incident , which happened during the country 's annual Queen 's Day celebration , police said . Crowds had lined the streets to see Queen Beatrix and her family ride by in an open-top bus during the Netherlands ' annual holiday . See who the Dutch royal family are " As the bus moved along , a black hatchback zoomed past it . The crowds were behind barriers off the road , but security officials and journalists , including many cameramen , were in the road as the car went by . The car crashed into the low metal railing around a column on the side of the road . The vehicle appeared heavily damaged even before the crash , but the reason for that was unclear . There was no one other than the driver in the car at the time , police spokeswoman Esther Naber said . Members of the royal family saw the crash and gasped , then quickly sat down as the bus continued driving . The attack caused outrage in the Netherlands , newspapers Friday widely expressing disbelief and suggesting the monarchy would have to change . "  Queens Day will never be the same , " the Trouw newspaper said . "  The Netherlands always has been proud of their no nonsense royal family . With this comes a Queen who not only cycles a bike , but also mixes with people without obvious security measurements . Is that still possible now the royal family has been the target of an attack ? " The Algemeen Dagblad newspaper agreed . " "  What is going to happen on the 30th of April next year ? And will we continue to see the members of the royal family cycling through the canals of Amsterdam or hunting for bargains in the Bijenkorf in The Hague ? " Queen 's Day is a national holiday in the Netherlands , the Netherlands Antilles , and Aruba . The tradition started in 1885 and celebrates the birthday of the queen . Although Queen Beatrix 's birthday is January 31 , she officially celebrates her birthday April 30 , according to the Dutch government . Queen 's Day is known for its free market all over the country , where anybody is allowed to sell things in the streets . Other activities include children 's games and musical performances . The day is marked with the color orange all over the country as a reference to the colors of the royal family , who come from the House of Orange-Nassau . Emmy Dexel contributed to this report .	Incident happened during the Netherlands annual Queen 's Day celebration Car hit crowd near open-top bus carrying Queen Beatrix of Netherlands Police : No other clues that could lead to the involvement of other people Police : There was no one other than the driver in the car at the time
CNN  -- American Airlines is making Karen O'Laughlin a little nervous . O'Laughlin , a longtime fan of the airline , already bought her American plane ticket to fly from St. Louis to New York to visit her grandsons next month . "  I choose American because it 's a straight flight , no stops , and it 's the right time ,  but  I do have some angst about my flight being canceled , " she said . Who wants to fly American ? The troubled airline has been beset by labor troubles , delays and flight cancellations and , most recently , two aircraft that could n't keep several seats in place . American , which filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection late last year , persuaded a judge to throw out its contract with the pilots union last month . Since then , the pilots have been engaging in what the airline calls a slowdown that has caused the number of flights that are delayed and canceled to skyrocket . Broken coffee pots and reading lights , torn seat pockets and precautionary maintenance checks that lead to nothing wrong : Those are some of the complaints by pilots that are slowing American flights , according to spokesman Bruce Hicks . American Airlines plane makes emergency landing "  Clearly , our operation is nowhere near where we want it to be , where it has historically been and the kind of quality operation American Airlines runs day in and day out , " Hicks told CNN in an interview two weeks ago . "  We are working as hard as we can to try and mitigate this and do all we can to resolve it . We certainly understand ; we very much do apologize for any delay or cancellation that we have seen . " The solution , Hicks said , is for the pilots to stop their slowdown . The airline threatened last week to seek an injunction in court , if the pilots union does n't "  take steps to end the disruption of American 's operations by some pilots , " according to a letter to the union from Denise Lynn , American 's senior vice president/people . Customers are piling on Stories of American employees making choices that upset their customers are starting to proliferate , possibly driving existing customers away . In his "  Friends Do n't Let Friends Fly American Airlines " blog post on Slate , Matthew Yglesias wrote of a delayed first flight turning into a missed connection because the pilot chose to leave rather than let a group of passengers on board two minutes before his scheduled departure time . At least that flight left on time . Gary Shteyngart described a trans-Atlantic flight that should have taken a few hours turning into a 30-hour Kafkaesque ordeal that included a stop in a third country . Aeroflot came off looking good in his absurdly humorous New York Times tale . Travel agents shying away Travel agents say they ca n't count on American flights to depart -- or those that do depart to land on time . So they started directing their customers away from American after the troubled airline began canceling flights last month . In the past month , more than 1,000 American flights have been canceled and 12,000 delayed . "  It 's just getting too risky with the threat of probable cancellations on the horizon , " said Jay Johnson , president of Coastline Travel Advisors , a Virtuoso travel agency in Garden Grove , California , that temporarily halted sales of American tickets until "  we have confidence that there will not be widespread cancellations . " "  It 's an unfortunate situation , as we really do n't have a lot of other options , especially to the Caribbean , where they dominate the market , " he said . "  To be proactive , we are in the process of looking for alternative flights for those passengers who have booked refundable tickets . " Why did aircraft seats get loose ? Passengers already feeling the bumpy impact of that labor dispute had another concern over the weekend when a row of seats dislodged during a flight and prompted an emergency landing , the airline said Monday . A Boeing 757 from Boston to Miami carrying 175 passengers diverted to New York 's John F. Kennedy Airport on Saturday when three seats in row 12 came loose shortly after takeoff . A second American Boeing 757 returned to JFK on Monday morning after a similar seats issue was discovered . "  An initial internal investigation into why a row of seats became loose on two American Airlines Boeing 757s has indicated that there could be a possible issue with a certain model of seats and how they fit into the tracking used to secure the seats , " the airline said in a statement . "  Out of an abundance of caution , American has decided to proactively reinspect eight 757s today that could possibly have this same issue . The seats were installed by American maintenance and contract maintenance . The issue does not seem to be tied to any one maintenance facility or one work group . "  This afternoon , the company flew engineers , tech crew chiefs and inspectors from its Tulsa maintenance base to New York to evaluate the aircraft and determine the next course of action to correct the problem . " The Allied Pilots Association , the largest independent pilot union and a certified collective bargaining agent for the 10,000 American pilots , said the interior overhaul of the Boston plane was performed by third-party maintenance workers , according to spokesman Gregg Overman . ` I 'm not looking for headaches ' One Atlanta-based travel agent shifted one set of clients traveling to Europe this fall from an American flight to a Delta flight . "  Price was about the same . American had a slightly better schedule , but I am not looking for headaches and canceled flights are big headaches . " "  In our business , it is very hard to recommend something that you know is not certain , " wrote the travel agent , who did n't want to be named , in an e-mail . "  Any time you have labor disputes and/or financial problems , the dependability factor goes down . " iPad use picking up in cockpits Teen with Down syndrome stopped from boarding plane Golden days of air travel : How glorious were they ?	Broken coffee pots and reading lights , torn seat pockets could be delaying flights More than 1,000 American flights have been canceled and 12,000 delayed in the past month Some travel agents have started directing their customers away from American Airlines
Denver , Colorado  CNN  -- The FBI said Tuesday it will look into an April 2009 beating of a man by Denver , Colorado , police , an incident that resulted in disciplinary action against two officers but no charges . Denver Mayor John Hickenlooper requested the investigation Tuesday , arguing that a federal probe would "  help ensure justice is appropriately served . " Tuesday afternoon , the FBI said it would look into the matter , but said little else . "  As with any allegation that may fall within the FBI 's purview , the Denver office will conduct a review of those events to determine if there is a basis for a federal civil rights investigation , " the bureau said . "  Per FBI policy , the Denver Division will not discuss ongoing investigative matters . " One of the two police officers involved received a three-day suspension and the other was docked a day 's pay as a result of the incident , according to documents released by Denver officials Tuesday . In a statement released by his office , Hickenlooper said the video does n't look good "  when viewed in isolation , " but that it "  tells only a portion of the story . " The officers were disciplined for filing false reports after a review by the city 's manager of safety , Ron Perea . But Perea said in a letter released Tuesday that the statements in their reports stemmed from "  more of a misperception " than a "  willful , intentional or knowing " attempt to deceive their superiors . "  Viewing the video alone is inflammatory , " Perea wrote . "  However , when the entirety of the situation is reviewed as it should be , I believe I made an appropriate disciplinary decision . " Despite that finding , the city 's independent monitor is now calling for the officers to be fired . "  It was clear to me they were trying to cover up what actually happened and make it look better than it was , " said Richard Rosenthal , who reviews police internal investigations , told CNN affilliate KMGH . And Michael DeHerrera , the 24-year-old man seen being taken down and struck in the video footage recorded by a police camera , said Monday that he also wants the officers to lose their jobs . "  I think they should be fired , and if not , prosecuted for assault , " DeHerrera said . "  I think if any one of us had done these actions and assaulted someone , we would all be in jail . " The scene was captured by a street surveillance camera located across the intersection from where the beating took place . On the video , DeHerrera is seen talking animatedly on a mobile phone while police officers kneel over a friend who was being arrested on charges of punching an off-duty officer working security at a bar . The friend was being thrown out of the bar when the altercation occurred , according to police reports . Another officer who responded the fight confronted DeHerrera , who was on the phone with his father , a veteran police officer . Soon afterward , the officer grabs DeHerrera by the head and shoves him to the pavement , and the camera pulls away seconds later . DeHerrera 's father , Anthony DeHerrera , told HLN 's "  Prime News " that Denver police mishandled the situation . "  Officers have so many tools on their belts nowadays , there is no reason to take somebody down the way they did , " said the elder DeHerrera , a veteran sheriff 's deputy in southern Colorado 's Pueblo County . He said he could hear sirens in the background while he was on the phone with his son , "  so I felt law enforcement was arriving and everything going to be OK , " he said . "  And then I heard somebody in the background say ` Drop the phone , ' and some obscenities . The next thing I hear is a thud . Then Michael was not talking anymore , so I knew it was Michael that got hit . " He said he yelled his son 's name into the phone for about seven minutes , but , "  All we could hear was cussing in the background and some thuds . " The younger DeHerrera had a bloody nose and a cut above his left eye when a police sergeant questioned him after the incident , according to the sergeant 's report . He admitted to grabbing police officers he said were struggling with his friend , but denied attempting to punch anyone . "  I was already handcuffed , and every time I was trying to tell them what happened , they hit me , " he told the sergeant , according to the report . And witness statements found both men shoved the police officer seen in the video while they were across the street and out of view of the camera , Perea wrote . "  While there can certainly be debate whether the force was excessive or inappropriate , looking at all available evidence I do not believe excessive or inappropriate force could be proven , " Perea added . According to KMGH , charges against DeHerrera and a friend at the scene were dropped , and both men received a monetary settlement from the city . Hickenlooper , a Democrat now running for Colorado 's governor , said it was "  appropriate for the independent monitor to question the manager of safety 's decision " in the case . "  Very few cities have this type of check-and-balance system that we have created in Denver , " Hickenlooper 's statement said . "  Even still , we are asking for a federal review of the matter . " CNN 's Jim Spellman contributed to this report .	NEW : The FBI has agreed to review the incident Officers received "  appropriate " discipline , city official says Mayor seeks to "  ensure justice is appropriately served " Officers involved were disciplined for filing a false report
CNN  -- Dereck Chisora has been handed an indefinite ban by the World Boxing Council  WBC  after a post-fight scuffle with David Haye in which he threatened to "  shoot " his fellow British heavyweight . Chisora also threatened to "  burn " former WBA champion Haye after they traded blows in a press conference following this month 's defeat to WBC champion Vitali Klitschko . The 28-year-old slapped Klitschko at the weigh-in before their bout in Munich , and spat water in the face of Vitali 's brother Wladimir -- the WBA , IBF , WBO and IBO heavyweight champion -- in the moments leading up to the fight . Chisora 's actions prompted the WBC to strip him of his ranking and forbid him to fight for one of its titles until he completes an anger management course . Chisora threatens to shoot Haye in brawl following Klitschko defeat WBC president Jose Sulaiman said Chisora 's conduct was some of the "  worst behavior ever by a professional boxer " and confirmed the body would also be fining him . "  Dereck Chisora is not going to tarnish the sport for those born in the humblest beds , who become sports heroes of the world to live a life of dignity and pride , " he said in a statement . "  Boxers are gentlemen and show to the world an example of honor and fair play when after a tremendous battle they go to the center of the ring to pay respect to each other . "  The WBC is imposing a serious fine to be finally determined after the hearing to be held under the supervision of our counsel representative attorney Stephen Beverly . Klitschko defends WBC title with points win over Chisora "  The WBC will also take off from the WBC rankings the name of Dereck Chisora and declare an indefinite suspension against fighting again for a WBC title , while demanding Chisora to take an anger management medical treatment after which his suspension will be reconsidered . " Both Klitschko brothers condemned Chisora 's conduct but praised him for his valiant showing in the ring , when he took Vitali the full 12 rounds in Germany . Chisora is also facing sanctions from the British Boxing Board of Control at a meeting in March . He was arrested by German police but released without charge after his scuffle with Haye . Haye retired from the sport after losing to Wladimir in Germany last year but appeared at the press conference that followed Chisora 's defeat to challenge Vitali to a contest . As Haye is officially still in retirement , the British Boxing Board of Control ca n't bring sanctions against him . Chisora 's promoter Frank Warren said the WBC should have given the fighter a chance to defend himself at a hearing . "  There are a lot of things that happened behind the scenes that need to be taken into account , " Warren said in quotes reported by the UK Press Association . "  For the WBC to do this is outrageous . "  What happened outside the ring I 'm not condoning , but you can not do this to anybody without letting them have a hearing . Everybody 's entitled to a fair hearing , whatever you think of them , whatever you 've seen . "  There is a procedure which should take place and then determine whether and if there is a punishment necessary . "  A number of mobile cameras were handed in to the police so they could examine them for evidence . They took copies of all the different media 's films regarding the incident that happened outside the ring and did not charge Dereck Chisora . "	British boxer Dereck Chisora given an indefinite ban by the World Boxing Council Chisora lost in recent WBC heavyweight title fight with Ukrainian Vitali Klitschko Fighter slapped Klitschko in build up to bout in Munich Chisora then brawled with fellow British boxer David Haye at press conference
CNN  -- Hundreds dead . Many more infected . Pervasive fear and denial are challenging authorities in west Africa who are trying to assess and address the Ebola crisis . So far , it has killed more than 650 people , says Doctors Without Borders . That 's the highest death toll the World Health Organization has recorded in an Ebola outbreak . And it 's getting worse . The swelling numbers prompted heads of state to cancel travel plans on Thursday to direct their full attention toward fighting the outbreak of the virus that has crippled parts of Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea and stirred palpable concerns that it will spread around the region and the world . Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and Sierra Leone 's President Ernest Koroma both canceled trips to the United States , and Koroma declared a state of emergency . He announced a action plan that addressed many of the barriers international medical workers complain they face while fighting disease . Some residents in affected villages have accused them of bringing the disease into the country and have barricaded their towns or otherwise blocked access to Ebola hemorrhagic fever victims . A nurse with Doctors Without Borders , Monia Sayah , told CNN , "  the most challenging " aspect of trying to help people is that "  we go into communities where we are not necessarily welcome , " because people do n't want to believe they or their loved ones have Ebola -- in part because "  they understand now that the survival rate is not very high . " Koroma said he will deploy police and military to accompany the aid workers . They will search house to house for the infirm and enforce orders designed to curb the virus ' spread . What is the risk of catching Ebola on a plane ? Aid groups pull out "  The matter has reached a crisis point , " Liberian Information Minister Lewis Brown told CNN 's Richard Quest . " ... The dire prognosis is that it will get worse before it gets better . " The dangers are so real that some humanitarian organizations are pulling out to protect their own . Samaritan 's Purse -- an international evangelical Christian humanitarian agency -- and the missionary group Serving in Mission have recalled all nonessential personnel from Liberia . The Peace Corps announced Wednesday it is doing the same , removing its 340 volunteers from that country , as well as Sierra Leone and Guinea . While there are no confirmed cases , a spokeswoman for the agency did say that two volunteers did come in contact with someone who ended up dying from the virus . Those Americans have n't shown signs of Ebola but are being isolated just in case , with the spokeswoman saying they ca n't return home until they get medical clearance to do so . American dies One American , 40-year-old Patrick Sawyer , died in a Nigerian hospital earlier this month -- having come from Liberia , where he was a top Ministry of Finance official , and before he could go back home to Minnesota to celebrate his daughters ' birthdays . But the vast majority of those afflicted are Africans . They come from big cities and small villages , some of them falling ill without really knowing what hit them . "  This epidemic is without precedent , " said Bart Janssens , director of operations for Doctors Without Borders , a group also known as MÃ © decins Sans FrontiÃ ¨ res . "  It 's absolutely not under control , and the situation keeps worsening . " As of now , the outbreak has been confined to west Africa . But there are rising concerns that it could spread , especially since a person may not know they have Ebola or show symptoms for two to 21 days after being infected . Sawyer , for example , collapsed getting off a plane in Lagos , Nigeria . He very well could have made it out of the region , perhaps to the United States , before showing symptoms of Ebola ; it 's only then that the virus spreads . To further complicate matters , signs of Ebola include fever , headaches , weakness and vomiting -- symptoms that also define many other ailments , from malaria to the flu that Brown notes often pop up "  at this time of year . " For all these reasons and more , Janssens says , "  If the situation does not improve fairly quickly , there is a real risk for new countries to be affected . " Could outbreak spread to U.S. ? 2 infected Americans Ebola spreads through the transmission of bodily fluids . Those most at risk are loved ones of those infected , as well as health care workers tending to the ill . Sawyer is believed to have been infected by his ailing sister , who he spent time with in Liberia -- even though neither likely knew she had Ebola -- according to Brown . Then there are those like Dr. Sheik Humarr Khan , who fell ill early last week while overseeing Ebola treatment at a Sierra Leone hospital and died days later . Two Americans affiliated with Samaritan 's Purse who also were infected "  have shown a slight improvement in the past 24 hours " though both are in serious condition , according to the Christian humanitarian agency . One of them is Dr. Kent Brantly , a 33-year-old who last lived in Fort Worth , Texas . He has been the medical director for the Ebola Consolidated Case Management Center in Monrovia , Liberia , where he has been providing care for Ebola patients since October . After testing positive for the virus , Brantly went into treatment at ELWA Hospital . The other is Charlotte , North Carolina , resident Nancy Writebol , a Serving in Mission member working with Samaritan 's Purse to help fight the Ebola outbreak . Ebola fears hit close to home It is believed one of the local staff was infected with Ebola and came to work with the virus on July 21 and 22 , Samaritan 's Purse Vice President Ken Isaacs said . That staff member died Thursday . "  We think it was in the scrub-down area where the disease was passed to both Nancy and Kent , " he said . Brown , the Liberian information minister , noted Brantly and Writebol 's fight in his CNN interview , as well as Liberia 's need for more health care workers like them . "  We join the families in prayers that they can come through this and become ... shining examples that , if care is taken , one can come out of this . " Liberian president : ` Ebola kills ' On Monday , the CDC issued an alert warning travelers to avoid hospitals with Ebola patients and funerals for those patients in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea due to the outbreak . The United States is considering raising the alert to discourage "  nonessential " travel to those three countries , a spokesman said . Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf has told the Ministry of Health to consider quarantines in some areas and cremating bodies in an attempt to prevent further infection , according to Brown . The president also urged residents to avoid public amusement and entertainment areas , and set aside Friday "  for the disinfection and chlorination of all public facilities . " "  My fellow Liberians , Ebola is real . Ebola is contagious . And Ebola kills , " Sirleaf said . "  All of us must all take extra measures announced by the Ministry of Health to keep ourselves safe . "  The government will do its part . But you must do yours . " CNN 's Jonathan Helman , Elise Labott , Pamela Brown and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	Ebola hemorrhagic fever has killed more than 660 , aid organization says Some humanitarian organizations are leaving the region to protect their own That includes the Peace Corps , which is pulling 340 volunteers from 3 nations
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- In Pakistan 's combustible Swat Valley , some girls refuse to wear uniforms so they can make it to school without being harmed . Shiza Shahid , left , a 20-year-old Stanford University student , is helping to teach young girls in Pakistan . Other girls hide textbooks in their shawls to escape harassment . School-age girls are among the victims in the fierce fighting between government soldiers and Taliban militants in the Swat Valley . The Pakistani government said it has flushed much of the Taliban out of the area , but some fighting persists . Many girls remain banned from schools . Dozens of their schools have been bombed , and militants have burned books . A new program has taken 26 girls out of the battle-scarred region to Islamabad for a 10-day retreat , where they can learn in safer surroundings . A group of college students of Pakistani background is helping the girls . Among them are Shiza Shahid , 20 , from California 's Stanford University , who organized the program called Shajar-e-llm , or Tree of Knowledge . Shahid said she was moved to help after hearing about how the girls struggled to get an education . "  I think we were so angry , upset and emotional that we decided we have to do something , " she said . Watch as Shahid says she had to act to help the girls " Though well-intentioned , the program sometimes seems disorganized . "  We need support . We need unfortunately more organization , more of the bureaucratic nitty-gritty that you do n't want to do , but you have to , " Shahid said . "  We are young , and that does come with the burden as not being equally trusted or seen as capable . " Nonetheless , the group has ambitions for a boys ' learning retreat as well . The lessons are simple enough -- confidence-building exercises , critical-thinking lessons -- all framed in the context of Islamic values . The girls -- ages 11 to 14 -- spoke about their dreams . One wants to meet a poet ; another wants to learn calligraphy . Another wants to grow up to lead Pakistan . "  I want to become president and rule this country in a good way , " said 12-year-old Malila . One day during the retreat , the girls were taught a song about freedom of speech . As a guitarist strummed , the girls sang that God gives everyone the right to free speech and no one can take it away . Free speech seemed to end with the song , however . The girls could not risk talking about Taliban harassment , because the militants ' version of Islamic law lingers . Such Islamic law , or shariah , also keeps females from going to school or going outside without their husbands . The United Nations estimates that 375,000 Swat Valley residents fled their homes during fighting that started in April . In all , 2.5 million Pakistanis were displaced in what was said to be one of the largest human migrations in recent history . Many residents have returned to their homes , but peace has not been completely restored to the region . And soon , the girls at the learning retreat will return home to the Swat Valley as well . Organizers said they hope the girls will carry a new love for education . "  There were tears and there were tough moments , " said Madihah Akhter , a volunteer with the program . "  But the girls surprised me . They were really resilient . They were beyond their years . "	Schoolgirls victims of fighting between Pakistani soldiers and Taliban in Swat Valley A retreat in Islamabad gives 26 girls a safe haven to learn A student from Stanford University is helping lead the retreat
MARDAN , Pakistan  CNN  -- Inside a hospital ward in northwest Pakistan , I found myself surrounded by sobs and screams . One scream was so high-pitched that I did n't think it was human . These were the sounds of agony , and they belonged to innocent civilians who were injured in the cross fire of Pakistani troops and the Taliban in the Swat Valley . CNN 's Reza Sayah with Shaista , who lost most of her family in an explosion as they fled fighting . Behind each cry at this ward was a story of loss . Doctors told me no one here had lost more than Shaista , an 11-year-old girl who watched as an explosion instantly killed most of her family . Shaista and her family were among hundreds of thousands of people who fled Pakistan 's Swat Valley on the day the Pakistani Army launched an all-out offensive against the Taliban . She says she was walking along a road with her family when a mortar shell suddenly fell from the sky . "  We were coming , " Shaista told me , "  then my mother died , my brother died , and my two sisters also died . " Watch Reza Sayah 's interview with Shaista " Doctors said the explosion shattered Shaista 's foot . Moments later she passed out . The next time she woke up she was in the female orthopedic ward of the GHQ Hospital in Mardan . Doctors said Shaista will recover from her shattered foot , but the trauma of losing a family will last a lifetime . "  She kept saying it all happened in front of me , " said Salma Shaheen , a nurse . "  She said something fell on top of my mother and she got cut in half . " It was clear that Shaista had won over the hearts of the doctors and nurses who said that they , in three days , had treated more than 800 civilians injured in the battle zone . Like many hospitals in northwest Pakistan , this one was under equipped . To hold an elderly woman 's broken leg together , doctors had made a make shift traction using a brick , a plastic shopping bag and rope . Watch Reza Sayah 's report from inside the hospital " Shaista said her father is missing . Her only guardian is her uncle , Muhammad Sher , who found Shaista after searching area hospitals . "  I 'm just going to tell her , ` you 're my daughter , ' " said Muhammad . "  I 'm going to educate her , teach her the Koran and do what I can for her . " Sixty miles away from the hospital , the battle between Pakistani troops and the Taliban raged on . On Wednesday General Athar Abbas , the army 's top spokesman , told CNN the troops were making significant progress but the most intense stage of the fighting in the battle zones ' most populated areas was still to come -- a near guarantee of more sobs and screams at area hospitals .	CNN 's Reza Sayah meets Shaista in a crowded hospital in northwest Pakistan Shaista 's family among hundreds of thousands of people fleeing fighting Shaista says they were walking on a road when a mortar fell from the sky The girl 's uncle finds her in the hospital ; doctors say her shattered foot will recover
CNN  -- Chapter 1 : Security Any Muslim can invite anyone working for the slave government in Kabul to quit their job and remove themselves from the corrupt administration . The new code of conduct issued by the Taliban originated from Pakistan . Chapter 2 : Prisoners It is strictly prohibited to exchange prisoners for money . Killing can only be decided by the Imam or his deputy . Noone else has the right to do so . If a military infidel is captured , any decision to kill , conditionally release or exchange such a prisoner can only be made by the Imam or his deputy . Chapter 7 : On the Mujahideen Suicide attacks should be at high value and important targets because a brave son of Islam should not be used for low value and useless targets . In suicide attacks the killing of innocent people and damage to their property should be minimized . Chapter 10 : Regional Issues All Mujahideen must do their best to avoid civilian deaths and injuries and damage to civilian property . Chapter 11 : Regarding prohibited things Weapons used to be taken from people by force , this practice is no longer permitted . But people may hand over their weapons voluntarily . No Mujahid is allowed to smoke . A male who has not yet grown a beard may not stay in a common sleeping area with other men . It is forbidden to disfigure people . For example the cutting off of ears , nose and lips are severely prohibited . Mujahideen should refrain from such activities . Mujahideen of the Islamic Emirate should not collect donations from people forcibly . People should be free to choose who they want to give to . Mujahideen should not search people 's homes . If there is a need to do this , they should get permission from authority and the search should be done in the presence of the imam of the local mosque and two elders . Kidnapping for ransom is strictly prohibited . Chapter 12 Mujahideen must be well behaved , and treat the people properly , in order to get closer to the hearts of civilian Muslims . Tim Schwarz contributed to this report	Taliban publishes new "  code of conduct " listing guidelines for fighters States that "  Mujahideen must do their best to avoid civilian deaths and injuries " Adds that "  suicide attacks should be at high value and important targets "
CNN Student News  -- May 11 , 2009 Quick Guide Russia Victory Day - Discover how an anniversary is connected to a show of Russia 's military might . Charging for Content ? - Debate whether there 's a future in charging readers to view news content online . Final Visit - Depart the Earth 's surface for a maintenance mission needed in outer space . Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : It 's Monday , I 'm Carl Azuz , and this is CNN Student News ! Thank you for joining us . We 're gon na start things off with a quick check of some headlines . First Up : Headlines AZUZ : Fierce battles are still raging in northwestern Pakistan , where the country 's military is waging an assault against Taliban forces . Officials say as many as 200 members of the militant group were killed in a single day over the weekend . CNN ca n't confirm that information , because journalists are n't allowed in the region . The United Nations is concerned about this impact on civilians . Hundreds of thousands of Pakistanis are leaving the area to try and get away from the violence . And in California , firefighters are getting some help from the weather as they battle that blaze in Santa Barbara . Authorities say low winds and increased humidity are helping to keep the flames under control . The fire , which had destroyed or damaged about 80 homes , was at least 55 percent contained by Sunday . Russia Victory Day AZUZ : And Russia is celebrating the end of World War II with its 64th annual Victory Day . The occasion , which took place on Saturday , marks the date in 1945 when Nazi Germany officially surrendered to the former USSR , which Russia was part of at the time . As Matthew Chance shows us , the weekend ceremony gave Russia an opportunity to show off its military might . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP MATTHEW CHANCE , CNN CORRESPONDENT : Well , this is the biggest show of force in Russia since the collapse of the Soviet Union . Columns of tanks and missile launchers thundered over the cobblestones of Red Square in the center of Moscow for these Victory Day celebrations , marking the defeat of Nazi Germany but also reflecting the Kremlin 's efforts to revive Russia 's armed forces and global power . Well , opening the parade , Russia 's President Dmitry Medvedev told spectators that Russia 's military is ready to respond to any aggression , and he referred obliquely to the country 's brief war with the neighboring former Soviet republic of Georgia last year . DMITRY MEDVEDEV , PRESIDENT OF RUSSIA  TRANSLATED  : Now more than ever , it is clear a safe world is possible only where international law is strictly abided by . And that is why our country has initiated a new treaty on European security . Security based on safe arms control and reasonable sufficiency of military construction for the broadest cooperation of states and the exclusively peaceful settlement of conflicts . And we will firmly pursue the execution of these principles . CHANCE : About 9,000 troops took part in a display of military equipment which , for the first time , included state-of-the-art S400 air defense missiles , which the United States and others is concerned may be sold to Iran . Russia also rolled out its new Topol-M intercontinental ballistic missiles , a stock reminder that this fast country remains a formidable nuclear power . Matthew Chance , CNN , Moscow . END VIDEO CLIP ID Me ERIK NIVISON , CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can I.D. Me ! I first appeared in the United States in the late 1600s . I 'm a printed item that 's usually published daily or weekly . I 've been a major source of news for millions of people around the world . I 'm the newspaper , the answer to that old joke , "  What 's black and white and read all over ? " Charging for Content ? AZUZ : Except newspapers are n't being read as much these days . In fact , at least 120 of them have closed in the U.S. since January of 2008 . One reason : Readers are getting their news for free online at sites like CNN.com . But a major media tycoon who just happens to own some newspapers , says the days of free , online content could be coming to an end . Jim Boulden covers the unfolding issue . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP JIM BOULDEN , CNN CORRESPONDENT : Rupert Murdoch has floated the idea that some of his general newspapers , like the New York Post , the London Times or The Sun , could follow the model of his Wall St. Journal and charge readers for online content . But with content free for so long , will people pay ? WOMAN ON THE STREET # 1 : No , probably not . You can find almost all the same information somewhere . WOMAN ON THE STREET # 2 : No . I would look somewhere else . BOULDEN : Though Mr. Murdoch will be happy to hear this man would pay for his London Times online . MAN ON THE STREET # 1 : Just because it 's quicker and easier to get it online when you are at home . BOULDEN : Still , some do n't even bother to view the free stuff . WOMAN ON THE STREET # 3 : Newspaper . MAN ON THE STREET # 2 : Actual physical newspapers . BOULDEN : Many news sites , like the New York Times , ask users to register for free . That information can tell potential advertisers who uses the site and for how long . The New York Times.com does charge those who do n't get the physical paper for a little bit of premium content . Others , like Reuters , hold back a lot . TOM GLOCER , CEO , THOMSON REUTERS : The high grade , the high octane stuff we really reserve for our professional customers . So , they 've always paid on a subscription basis and we never make that content free , because it 's vital for people to their jobs . BOULDEN : The Financial Times also charges for anyone wanting to go beyond the basics . It currently has 110,000 paid subscribers . Managing director Rob Grimshaw wants to enhance its charging model . ROB GRIMSHAW , FT.COM : I am very , very interested in exploring some of the possibilities around micro payments , either for individual articles or for access to the site for a shorter period of time . And I think we ought to have a pricing model which actually suits how each individual user wants to access the site . BOULDEN : The FT points out that it can count on subscriptions and focus on increasing those with advertising eroding , something sites that do n't charge ca n't fall back on . That is why Murdoch 's News Corp. empire is keen to see if people will pay to play . END VIDEO CLIP Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! When did the Hubble Space Telescope send its first pictures back to Earth ? Was it in : A  1980 , B  1985 , C  1990 or D  1995 ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Hubble has been taking pictures since 1990 , although initial problems caused its first images to be fuzzy . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Final Visit AZUZ : Despite some early setbacks , the Hubble Telescope has revolutionized the field of astronomy . Earth 's atmosphere , look up and you 'll see it , makes it difficult for astronomers on the ground to get a complete view of things in outer space . But from its orbit outside the atmosphere , Hubble has a perfect spot . NASA is getting ready to upgrade the telescope . John Zarrella explains how they plan to do it . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP JOHN ZARRELLA , CNN CORRESPONDENT : For nearly twenty years , the Hubble Space Telescope has been sending back breathtaking images of galaxies and stars and planets . It has transformed how astronomers and cosmologists view the universe and our place in it . JOHN GRUNSFELD , SHUTTLE ATLANTIS MISSION SPECIALIST : Where do planetary systems , where do stars come from ? Hubble has been a tool to answer these fundamental questions that get right at the heart of who we are . ZARRELLA : Now , a team of astronauts will make the fifth and final visit to repair and upgrade Hubble . The objective : extend the telescope 's life at least another five years . It wo n't be easy . The pressure on the shuttle Atlantis crew , immense . SCOTT ALTMAN , SHUTTLE ATLANTIS COMMANDER : We know there 's nobody coming after us to do anything we do n't get done . This is it . We either get it done or it does n't happen . ZARRELLA : 350 miles up , Atlantis will chase down and grab hold of the telescope . For five consecutive days during five seven-hour spacewalks , astronauts will perform the ultimate high-wire act . They 'll change out gyroscopes and batteries , repair and replace cameras . They 'll change circuit boards , remove dozens of screws and delicately cut through aluminum . GRUNSFELD : It 's almost as if I 'm not doing it . It 's kind of a Zen thing , and once we finish the task and I climb back out of the telescope , I 'll look around and go , "  Wow , we 're in space . " ZARRELLA : Hubble has been such an incredible watershed of knowledge , the dark days right after its launch in 1990 have largely been forgotten . JEFFREY HOFFMAN , RETIRED SHUTTLE ASTRONAUT : There was a time when Hubble was a laughing stock . You know , the "  techno turkey . " You know , pictures in editorial cartoons , denounced on the floors of Congress , ridiculed in late night television programs . ZARRELLA : The telescope 's primary mirror was flawed , not quite the right shape , off a measly 1/50 , the thickness of a sheet of paper , but just enough to blur the images from space . The first servicing mission fixed the problem , saving the Hubble program . Now , 19 years later , the last visit . HOFFMAN : That 's been the wonderful thing about the ability to service Hubble , is that we do n't just repair it . We leave it a new telescope every time we come back . GRUNSFELD : It 's impossible not to give it some human characteristics and feel sadness when we see it floating away . ZARRELLA : If all goes well , scientists expect the new and improved Hubble will soon wow them and us with discoveries perhaps beyond our dreams . John Zarrella , CNN , at the Johnson Space Center in Houston . END VIDEO CLIP Before We Go AZUZ : We 're gon na end this show with a bang ! Instant replay ! One more time ! After all that excitement , let 's cool off with some soda . That 's why you do n't shake it up first . Now it might be hard to swallow , but this is actually part of the world 's largest physics lesson , with more than 7,000 students taking part in the scientific spectacle . Goodbye AZUZ : Makes sense , using exploding soda bottles to study fizz-ics . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Discover how an anniversary is connected to a show of Russia 's military might Debate whether there 's a future in charging readers to view news content online Depart the Earth 's surface for a maintenance mission needed in outer space
CNN  ESPN 's Britt McHenry this week found herself in the news , rather than reporting on it , after a video surfaced showing her berating and belittling an employee of a tow company in Arlington , Virginia . Among the highlights , as caught on tape and eventually uploaded to LiveLeak : "  I 'm on television and you 're in a f**king trailer , honey , " and "  I would n't work at a scumbag place like this . Makes my skin crawl even being here . " And , finally , "  Lose some weight , baby girl . " It 's pretty cringe-worthy stuff that seems difficult , if not impossible , to defend . McHenry quickly issued an apology , blaming the incident on a moment of intense frustration but admitting her mistake and accepting responsibility . It was , however , too late : the #firebrittmchenry hashtag was already trending on Twitter , where she was called everything from classist , class-less , and "  ugly on the inside " to a "  sad , self-hating coward . " ESPN , meanwhile , announced that McHenry would be suspended for a week . Certainly McHenry should have known better than to have used such words , even if that 's what she was thinking , least of all because in our YouTube age , such missteps always come to light . But while McHenry 's reaction could very well have been a result of an overblown sense of entitlement , evidence of a mean girl who never left high school , what 's also troubling is how quickly and gleefully the rest of us issued blame on McHenry without fully knowing -- or , it seems , caring about -- the other side of the story . The video that was released -- by the tow company -- was heavily edited and included only McHenry 's responses , not the comments of the employee who may have provoked her and contributed to an argument that clearly escalates as the video goes on . McHenry knew she was being taped ; at one point , she looks directly at the camera . The employee even threatens to make the video public . Did McHenry keep going because she has that much of a self-destructive streak ? Or because she truly could not help herself ? Or was she confident that any video evidence would show that there were two people playing this particular game ? How Britt McHenry could have responded These days , there 's nothing we love more than an example of a celebrity fall from grace , whether it 's Lindsay Lohan or Brian Williams or Britt McHenry , who was judged not on the facts but on what we take particular joy in believing : that the over-privileged and semi-famous do not necessarily deserve a fair trial . The high price of public shaming online Sure , McHenry probably feels entitled , but that 's our doing , too . We 're a society obsessed with putting celebrities on a pedestal -- celebrating them , compensating them . And yet when , in a moment of frustration and stress , McHenry lets the entitlement bestowed on her win out over taking a deep breath and walking away , we 're right there to demand to know what gives her the nerve . You know what gives her the nerve ? We do .  Be honest : When is the last time you had a warm and fuzzy experience at the tow lot ? But we 're really no better than she is . The problem with social media , and our dependence on it , is that it allows people to present and receive whatever angle they want , biased or not , fair or not . It 's the "  power of the press " without the objectivity or accountability demanded of the actual press . And it has enabled a dangerous vigilantism that makes those who use that power no different from the ones they are supposedly rallying against . Think about it . Who was worse : McHenry or the people who made that video public , and who did so without owning up to their part in the conversation ? Who is worse : Britt McHenry for childishly mocking a confrontational tow employee 's bad teeth , or the Twitter masses who call for justice and "  the return of class " -- who express views like , "  Part of me feels bad for Britt McHenry . Poor thing actually believes she was hired for ` brains ' and ` education ' ? Should n't they question whether , in fact , McHenry could have actually been standing up for herself ? Sorry to break it to you , but these days , we 're all bullies . At least Britt McHenry owns up to it .	Video shows ESPN reporter Britt McHenry berating and belittling a tow company worker Drexler : She was wrong to act that way , but are n't we too quick to judge without seeing full video ?
LONDON , England  CNN  -- All 18 people aboard a helicopter that crashed off the coast of Scotland have been recovered alive , a Royal Air Force officer told CNN . A Super Puma helicopter , similar to the one in this file photo , went down about 120 miles east of Aberdeen . The Super Puma ditched about 120 miles east of Aberdeen while approaching an offshore platform . "  Everyone has been recovered from the water , " said James Lyon , assistant controller of the RAF 's aeronautical rescue coordination center at RAF Kinloss , Scotland . "  We do n't know their condition , but we believe there are no major injuries . " Five helicopters were scrambled when the Super Puma helicopter ditched . "  Some were recovered by helicopter and some by boat from the platform , " Lyon told CNN . The RAF was providing helicopter assistance to the Aberdeen Coast Guard in the rescue . Lyon said earlier that rescuers had been picking up emergency signal beacons from the lifejackets of the 18 people . He did not know if the pilot transmitted a mayday before the aircraft ditched . View a map of the crash site " "  We believe it was quite close to the platform it was supposed to be landing on , " he added . The area is home to a number of offshore oil rigs . Lyon said he did not know which one the helicopter was heading to or where it was coming from . The RAF received its first report of the crash at 6:43 p.m.  1:43 p.m. Eastern time  . Lyon said the Super Puma is regularly used to transport people to and from oil platforms in the North Sea and as far as he was aware it has a good safety record . Weather at the crash site is relatively good , though slight fog is hampering visibility , he said . A spokesman for BP told the UK 's Press Association : "  The 16 passengers and two crew who were on board have been accounted for and have been rescued . Three people are on the ETAP Platform and a further 15 are on the Caledonian Victory rescue vessel . "  The priority of the company is the safety of all personnel involved in this incident and we have implemented our full emergency response procedures . "	Royal Air Force says civilian helicopter carrying 18 people ditches in North Sea RAF officer says all rescued alive , no immediate details of any injuries Rescue aircraft on the scene , more in the area off Scotland
CNN  -- The man accused of trying to blow up a U.S.-bound airliner on Christmas Day attended an Islamic "  Knowledge Fest " in Houston , Texas , in 2008 , according to one of the organizers of the event . Yasir Qadhi , who was an instructor at "  Ilm Fest , " said the 16-day conference organized by the Al Maghrib Institute was a series of courses and workshops to teach young Muslims "  the nuts and bolts of Islam . " Suspect Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab attended some of the classes that Qadhi taught during the event , which ran from August 1 to 17 , 2008 . "  He was a very quiet individual , tight-lipped and shy , and he did not ask a single question during the discussions , " Qadhi said in an exclusive interview with CNN . "  He barely interacted with the other students at the conference . " AbdulMutallab was not a visible presence during the conference and did not attend all the sessions , recalled Qadhi . Qadhi recalls speaking to AbdulMutallab and remembers that he was "  very reserved in his responses . " AbdulMutallab also attended two seminars organized by the Al Maghrib Institute in London in the months before the event in Houston , Qadhi said . One of the events was on the life of the Prophet Mohammed , and the other course was on the first chapter of the Koran . "  This was mainstream Islamic stuff , " said Qadhi . Qadhi said the institute taught young Muslims a "  orthodox Islam for the 21st Century , " stressing the importance of the literal text of the Quran but imbuing those words with a modern meaning . "  We are trying to carve out a Western Muslim identity among conservative Muslims -- for Muslims to integrate into Western society but maintain their Islamic identity . " Qadhi , of New Haven , Connecticut , has been involved in de-radicalization efforts in the United States and was a leading participant in the U.S. Counter-Radicalization Strategy conference organized by the National Counterterrorism Center in the summer of 2008 . "  It 's ironic that he came to us , " said Qadhi of AbdulMutallab . The Al Maghrib Institute has chapters in the United States , Canada and the United Kingdom , and has taught more than 30,000 young Muslims in its courses . Qadhi says there was no indication AbdulMutallab in 2008 was extreme in his views . After the Houston event , AbdulMutallab did not sign up for any more Al Maghrib events , said Qadhi -- perhaps a sign he was starting to become influenced by extremist ideas , he added . "  At some level , we did not convince him of the validity of our views , " says Qadhi , "  and that is cause for regret . " "  What AbdulMutallab probably does n't realize is that by his actions he has hurt the very same people -- Muslims -- who he was purportedly trying to defend . " CNN 's Paul Cruickshank and David Mattingly contributed to this report .	AbdulMutallab went to conference for young Muslims on "  the nuts and bolts of Islam " Organizer of "  Ilm Fest " recalls AbdulMutallab was "  shy " and "  reserved in his responses " No indication at the time that AbdulMutallab was extreme in his views , organizer says
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  Pro-Russian rebels in Donetsk have withdrawn all heavy weapons from the front lines in accordance with a recent peace deal , the rebel group Donetsk People 's Republic said Saturday . On the other side , the Kiev-backed Donetsk regional authority said Ukrainian forces also withdrew all heavy weapons from the front lines in Donetsk , but added that in a 24-hour period from Friday to Saturday pro-Russian militants carried out 46 attacks , all of which were repelled , according to Col. Valentin Fedichev . A shaky ceasefire has been in place in Donetsk and the neighboring Luhansk region , the center of a months-long conflict between pro-Russian separatists and Ukrainian government forces . The estimated number of people killed in eastern Ukraine since April 2014 now exceeds 6,000 "  in spite of successive ceasefires , " the United Nations Human Rights Office said earlier this week . The escalation in fighting in recent weeks , particularly near the Donetsk airport and in the Debaltseve area , resulted in hundreds of deaths , both civilian and military , according to the United Nations report . The report paints a picture of "  merciless devastation of civilian lives and infrastructure , " said U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein . He called for all sides to adhere to the peace deal , reached last month in Minsk , Belarus , which calls for a ceasefire in many of the conflict 's hotspots . Victoria Butenko contributed from Kiev . CNN 's Michael Martinez wrote from Los Angeles .	The withdrawal comes after last month 's peace deal A shaky ceasefire has been in place in Donetsk and neighboring Luhansk
CNN  -- House Republicans just went through the pageantry of the changing of the guard with their leadership elections . But new names on the door wo n't change their party 's priorities : protecting special interests , the ultra-wealthy and their own perks at the expense of middle-class Americans . The term "  Republican leadership " has become the biggest oxymoron in politics . If we learned one thing from Republicans ' elections , it 's that their leadership simply follows their tea party base in an unceasing march to the right . Following their losses at the ballot box in 2012 , Republicans rolled out a post-mortem calling for a move to the middle , recognizing that their days as a competitive national party were numbered if they continued on their current rightward path . Since then , we have seen Republicans across the country do the exact opposite . They have grown more paranoid , more insular and more fearful . It 's that fear of the tea party that shut down the government to disastrous consequences last year , and it 's that fear that just caused them to replace one leader of the Republican shutdown with another . In 2011 , when John Boehner took over as speaker , he was billed as a moderate . And Eric Cantor was called mainstream . But both alternated between being hamstrung by and kowtowing to their right wing and drove their majority off a cliff . And the numbers speak for themselves : after three and a half years , they have turned Congress into the least-trusted institution in America . Gallup now pegs confidence in Congress at just 7 % â $ " the lowest confidence rating for any institution ever recorded by Gallup in the past 40 years . With ratings that abysmal , one might think that House Republicans might use a turnover in leadership as an opportunity to steer their sinking ship in a new direction . Think again . Kevin McCarthy and Steve Scalise are members of the same tea party club and were elected on pledges of fealty to the tea party agenda . And that agenda will keep turning off the American public , dragging their ratings down and dragging Republicans further and further outside the mainstream . The tragedy is that the middle class pays the price . How did we get to this place , where the House majority continues to move so far from the center of American politics that they can no longer see it ? NBC News provides some clues , finding in its polling that "  the Tea Party is in a VERY different place on key issues " than even other , mainstream Republicans . Take immigration as an example . Just 19 % of tea party Republicans believe immigration helps the United States , compared to 47 % of the country at large . With House Republicans beholden to this tiny minority of the country at large , they will continue to drag their party to the right â $ " and their so-called leadership will have no choice but to follow , if they want to keep their jobs . You can change the names on the door , but the out-of-touch agenda remains the same . If the country is to have any hope of combating the serious challenges facing us and creating an economy that works to lift up middle-class families , we need more than just a change of figureheads in the House . We need to change the House majority . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Rep. Steve Israel says House Republicans ' new leaders have same party priorities Israel : Kevin McCarthy and Steve Scalise were elected on pledges of fealty to the tea party Republicans , he says , just replaced one leader of the GOP shutdown with another
CNN  -- Basketball Hall of Famer and former Los Angeles Clippers general manager Elgin Baylor told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " that he had arguments with Donald Sterling about his views on race . "  He would say , ` Well , that 's the way I feel , " Baylor said in his first national television remarks about Sterling since the scandal unfolded . "  Occasionally it might come up about players . " Baylor , who lost a lawsuit alleging he was fired by the team because of his age , said Sterling never directed racist language at him . But when asked if the longtime owner who now is banned for life from the league was a racist , Baylor did n't pause . "  Of course he is , " Baylor said in an interview telecast on Wednesday . "  There 's no doubt in my mind now . " Baylor 's wife , Elaine , elaborated . "  He 's not running around with a white robe on , " she told Cooper . "  He 's not that blatant . He 's a very smart man , but he communicates how he feels and what he wants , especially to people who work for him . So you know where he is and what he wants . " Elgin Baylor said that he feels vindicated by the racist remarks that were released in an audio recording on TMZ 's website last month even though he lost in court . Baylor 's suit originally included the accusation that he was canned because of racism but that was taken out of the lawsuit . "  Justice has been served , " he said . "  Now they know what Donald is like , and the things I said before about Donald are absolutely true . " One of those things Baylor had related was how Sterling on "  many occasions " would bring women into the locker room and look at the players in the showers . "  Look at those beautiful black bodies . That 's what he used to say , " the NBA legend said . Baylor said he told Sterling several times to quit before the owner finally did so . The former GM , who spent 22 years directing player acquisitions , also told CNN how Sterling asked him to go out early in his career and scout playgrounds in the inner cities to see if he could find any talented players . The NBA is in the process of forcing Sterling , who has owned the team since it was in San Diego in 1981 , to sell the franchise . Baylor foresees a potential legal fight . "  Donald likes the limelight , whether it 's good or bad , " he said . Baylor was the Clippers GM during many of their worst seasons . He joined the team in 1986 after a career in which he scored 23,149 points , which puts him 33rd on the list of all-time scorers in the NBA , and a stint as the coach of New Orleans Jazz . The Clippers were the joke of the league , though , and only made the playoffs three times . He was named NBA executive of the year in 2006 when the Clippers made the second round of the postseason , but two years later , he said he was fired . The team said he resigned . The audio recordings brought back memories , Baylor said . "  It did n't surprise me ... at all , " he said . "  That 's the Donald Sterling I know . "	Elgin Baylor once sued Sterling for age discrimination , but lost Baylor 's wife : ` He 's not that blatant . He 's a very smart man ' Hall of Famer says Sterling would bring women to locker room while players showered Elgin Baylor thinks legal fight over Sterling 's ownership of the Clippers is likely
CNN  -- Jaycee Dugard 's mother choked back tears as she described this week 's news that three long-missing women were found in Cleveland . The dramatic story hit close to home . "  Another miracle happened yesterday . Three girls are alive , " Terry Probyn said , speaking at a National Center for Missing & Exploited Children awards gala in Washington . Nearly four years ago , Probyn lived through a similar struggle when she reunited with her daughter , Dugard , who was freed in 2009 after 18 years of captivity behind the home of a California couple . "  I have to tell you , we 're still grieving the loss of those 18 years , " Probyn said Tuesday . "  That 's a long time to lose . But the good news is that we are together . And our family has formed a foundation as an avenue to pay forward the love and the care that we continue to receive . " Because of the work of the JAYC Foundation , which aims to help families recovering from abduction and the aftermath of other traumatic events , Dugard and her mother received "  Hope Awards " from the center at Tuesday night 's dinner . The event was scheduled long before Amanda Berry , Gina DeJesus and Michelle Knight were found alive in Cleveland . But the timing made Tuesday 's award ceremony even more special , Dugard told the crowd . "  What an amazing time to be talking about hope , " she said , "  with everything that 's happening . "	Jaycee Dugard 's mother , Terry Probyn , says her family is "  still grieving " She chokes back tears as she describes this week 's events in Cleveland "  Another miracle happened yesterday , " she says at an awards ceremony
CNN  -- A 4.4-magnitude earthquake struck Hawaii on Monday evening , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The quake struck about 6:30 p.m.  11:30 p.m. ET  and was 19.3 miles  31.1 km  deep . The epicenter was 13 miles  20 km  southwest of the coastal region of Laupahoehoe and 189 miles  304 km  east of Honolulu , the USGS said . There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries .	Earthquake struck Hawaii on Monday evening , according to the USGS No immediate reports of damage or injuries Quake struck about 6:30 p.m.  11:30 p.m. ET  and was 19.3 miles  31.1 km  deep
Dozens of video-capable smartphones -- most of them Steve Jobs ' own creations -- peered out over the sea of technology journalists like digital periscopes . Nothing particularly video-worthy was going on in that moment : It was January 2010 , and a bunch of us tech writers , wearing plaid and skinny jeans and funny hats , were waiting in line outside the Yerba Buena Center in San Francisco for an Apple news conference . But a line outside a news conference where Steve Jobs will appear is no normal line . It 's the kind of thing you might just want to record every second of . And so , when our media handlers , wearing bright T-shirts with the simple Apple logo , let us into the building where Jobs would unveil his company 's "  magical " iPad , pretty much everyone in the audience raised his or her iPhone in unison and clicked "  record . " I 'm sure our collective scramble down a hall toward a dimly lit auditorium was recorded and uploaded dozens of times . Apple 's revolutionary co-founder , who died Wednesday at the age of 56 , had that kind of power over people -- even the ostensibly objective technology press corps , which breathlessly hangs on Apple 's announcements as if their gadgets have the power to change the world . Which , if we 're being honest , they do . "  The world has lost a visionary , " President Barack Obama said in a statement posted Wednesday night on the White House blog . "  And there may be no greater tribute to Steve 's success than the fact that much of the world learned of his passing on a device he invented . " "  So much talk on Twitter of Steve Jobs , but Twitter HQ has been eerily quiet the past few hours save the clicking of keyboards he tailored , " Twitter designer Mark Trammell posted on his popular Twitter feed . All around the world , it seems , people used the technology Jobs created to remark on his impact and his passing -- a testament to the personal impact Apple 's suite of iProducts has on many of our lives . Regardless of your technological tack -- whether you 're addicted to that red light that blinks on top of the BlackBerry or swear your allegiance to the Android overlords -- it 's hard to deny the industry-changing power of Jobs and the Apple brand . Before the iPhone , an app-running , touch-screen device did n't exist . It was the first true smartphone , just as the iPad was the first true tablet computer . But way before that , back in a California garage in the 1970s , Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak essentially kick-started the personal computer revolution . In part , I owe the fact that I 'm able to type this story and send it to you over the Internet to the vision of Jobs and Wozniak . If the technological history explains part of the hype that surrounds every press conference Jobs presided over , his personal life tells more of the story . Gallery : Steve Jobs ' life offstage After we iPhone-holding hordes made our way into the auditorium where Jobs would reveal Apple 's tablet computer , I took a seat next to a buttoned-up tech analyst and noticed the music playing over the loudspeakers : Bob Dylan 's "  Like a Rolling Stone . " "  How does it feeeeeeeel ... " Wired wrote on its live blog of the event , quoting the lyrics .  In case you 're not familiar with that phenomenon , tech bloggers , myself included , post -- instantly and publicly -- pretty much every word Steve Jobs utters at these press conferences . Apple does n't allow live video feeds , so these insta-blogs are the only way to get information about new Apple gadgets out to the salivating public in real time  . When Jobs emerged , the audience greeted him with a standing ovation . Again -- all iPhones in the air . As he paced the stage in front of a massive , glowing PowerPoint-style presentation , wearing his trademark mom jeans and black turtleneck , a scruffy beard and Harry Potter glasses on his face , writers hung on his every word . He told us the iPad would be "  truly magical and revolutionary , " and the doubters believed him . "  I went into it prepared to be very skeptical , " Ars Technica 's Jacqui Cheng told me after the event , "  but I was impressed . " That 's partly because Jobs carried weight like no one else in the industry . His presentations were the rock concerts of the technology world . His ability to connect new gadgets with human wants and desires -- their ability not just to make you a productive worker but to connect you with loved ones -- took them to another level . His onstage charisma is something everyone since -- most notably Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg -- has tried to imitate , without quite the same success . That 's partly because of style but also because of history . Jobs ' status as a counterculture figure -- the kind of guy who loves Bob Dylan , whose company asks fans to "  think different , " and who went on a find-yourself pilgrimage in India , where he experimented with psychedelic drugs -- puts him in a more sacred place in the public consciousness than other tie-wearing tech execs , who seem like photocopies of each other compared to someone with Jobs ' rich personal history . No one videotapes the walk into a Microsoft press conference hosted by Steve Ballmer , for instance . I 've been to those , too . Jobs ' story is almost painfully American and it reads like a screenplay : Driven individual from humble beginnings sells Volkswagen bus to found company in his family 's garage ; in process , revolutionizes music , digital movies , computing and mobile tech . "  To technology freaks and geeks , he is a ` demigod ' , whose product launches are adulatory affairs regularly likened to religious revivalist meetings , " the British newspaper The Guardian wrote in 2006 . "  The Jobs life story -- humble birth , rise and fall , then miraculous comeback -- has even been likened by Apple fanatics to the heroic myths of Odysseus , Jason , Krishna and Christ . " Maybe all this , in part , explains why the suit-wearing analyst sitting next to me at the 2010 iPad event literally shrieked with joy when Jobs announced some details of that tablet , including a detachable keyboard he could use to file reports on the go . I do n't claim to fully comprehend the pandemonium that surrounds a Steve Jobs press conference . In June 2010 , about six months after the iPad event , I attended Apple 's World Wide Developer Conference  known to insiders as WWDC  at San Francisco 's Moscone Center . That massive glass building was cloaked in an Apple logo big enough to have its own ZIP code . Inside , the usual suspects were waiting for a chance to see Jobs unveil the latest-generation iPhone , which turned out to be the iPhone 4 . I was in a pack of tech bloggers waiting behind a velvet rope , just outside the giant conference room where the event would be held . We were talking about all the latest iPhone rumors -- would it really be a game changer , etc. -- when security guards  really  lifted the velvet rope to let us in . Keep in mind there were maybe 100 writers and photographers covering this event and we were getting let in before anyone else -- to choose our seats in a room with at least 2,000 chairs . Bottom line : We were getting really good seats , no problem . Still , the moment that rope lifted , there was a mad rush . I did n't expect it at all , and almost got knocked out of the way as these laptop - and camera-toting journalists sprinted -- literally sprinted -- into the empty news conference . At the time , I thought this was completely insane . But , upon reflection , I do n't condone it , but I get it . They were rushing not to hear about the iPhone 4 . They wanted the best chance possible to get close to a man who 's been described as the Thomas Edison of our time . A legend . A man who , in his own words , "  put a dent in the universe . " You do n't get that kind of opportunity every day .	Author describes pandemonium surrounding Steve Jobs press conferences The Apple co-founder had cult-figure status in the tech world The company 's product annoucements are blockbuster events One audience member shrieked with joy as Jobs announced iPad in 2010
CNN  -- As summer winds to an end , beach umbrellas are coming down and pools are closing , but that does n't mean the fun is finished . From the National Buffalo Wing Festival crowning the next ` wing king ' to the country 's best folk artists coming together in Pennsylvania , festivals across the country have fun for everyone . CNN has compiled a list of five festivals from across the country for your last-gasp summer adventure . Philadelphia Folk Festival , Schwenksville , Pennsylvania , August 14-16 Fans take in the sights and sounds at last year 's San Francisco 's Outside Lands Music and Arts Festival If the latest Lady Gaga song is n't your thing , head to the Philadelphia Folk Festival and detoxify your musical system . Located on the Old Pool Farm , an hour outside of the city , the 48th annual festival brings in big names ranging from The Decemberists to Jill Sobule . The festival also has a large craft area with artists selling everything from jewelry to unique blown glass items . Check the Philadelphia Folk Festival Web site for schedule and ticket information Admission : 3-day ticket $ 131  one day tickets from $ 54 Chicago Air and Water Show , Chicago , Illinois , August 15-16 Your neck might be sore from all the fun after watching planes zoom over the Chicago skyline and parachutists dazzle spectators with their flips at the Chicago Air and Water Show . The two day event wows the over 2 million visitors yearly with performances by the U.S. Air Force Thunderbirds flying at speeds of 1,500 miles per hour or U.S. Army 's Golden Knight Parachute Team jumping from 12,500 feet . Lake Michigan sparkles with an hour-long jet skiing and water boarding show if lake conditions permit . Mary May , an event spokesperson , said families return year after year , many from out-of-state . Check the Chicago Air and Water Show Web site for schedule Admission : Free Atlanta Underground Film Festival , Atlanta , Georgia , August 26-30 The late summer heat , especially in Atlanta , can be brutal , so sneak inside and enjoy independent movies at the Atlanta Underground Film Festival . Located at various theaters across Atlanta , independent movies produced by fledgling filmmakers vie for awards like "  Best Comedy Feature " and the prized "  AUFF the Wall " award . In addition , the five day event showcases animated films , documentaries , and horror movies . The festival , which started in 2002 , is produced by a group of musicians and filmmakers called the "  Festival League " that was created to highlight work of fledgling artists . Check the Atlanta Underground Film Festival Web site for movie lineup Admission : All access pass $ 40 San Francisco 's Outside Lands Music and Arts Festival , San Francisco , California , August 28-30 A concert with Tom Jones and Tenacious D on one bill , is going to be a unique event and that 's exactly what the Outside Lands Music and Arts Festival is . The three day event takes place in the picturesque Golden Gate Park and includes much more than the music industry 's top stars . On top of performances from Dave Matthews Band and M.I.A , the festival features food from the city 's top restaurants , wines from 25 local wineries and performances from local cabarets . Check San Francisco 's Outside Lands Music and Arts Festival for band lineup and ticket information Admission : Advance 3-day ticket $ 225.50  one day ticket from $ 89.50 National Buffalo Wing Festival , Buffalo , New York , September 5-6 Add spice to your summers end festivities and head to Buffalo , New York , for the seventh annual National Buffalo Wing Festival where you can try 100 different types of wings and sauces . The rise in antacid sales can be attributed to event founder Drew Cerza who noticed , thanks in part to Bill Murray 's character in "  Osmosis Jones " who wanted to compete in a junk food competition , that Buffalo did n't have a festival dedicated to America 's favorite appetizer . Started in 2002 , restaurants from around the nation exhibit their wings and competitive eaters vie to eat the most Buffalo wings in 12 minutes . Amateurs can also enter the "  Buffalo Blue Cheese Bowl " where contestants have their hands tied behind their backs and bob for wings drenched in blue cheese dressing in a kiddy pool . Cerza said last year 's festival brought in 80,000 attendees and over 500,000 wings were eaten and expects this year 's festival to be larger . Check the Buffalo Wing Festival Web site for competing restaurants and location Admission : $ 5 + food tickets	For music , try the "  Philadelphia Folk Festival " or the "  Outside Lands Music Festival " Watch planes zip through the sky at the "  Chicago Air and Water Show " Enjoy independent movies at the "  Atlanta Underground Film Festival " If buffalo wings are your thing , head to the "  National Buffalo Wing Festival "
The Hague , Netherlands  CNN  -- After Bosnian Serb wartime leader Radovan Karadzic 's failure to appear at the start of his trial on genocide and war crimes charges CNN Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson explains what happens next . Q : How does the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia  ICTY  differ from the International Criminal Court  ICC  ? A : The ICTY was set up by the United Nations in 1993 specifically to try people for crimes committed during the break up of the former Yugoslavia . The ICC is the first permanent , treaty-based , international criminal court established to prosecute the most serious crimes of concern to the global community including genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes . Q : Why did Karadzic fail to show up in court on Monday ? A : Karadzic failed to show up because he wrote to the court several weeks ago telling judges he had not had sufficient time to prepare his defense . He is a "  self-representing accused , " meaning he is defending himself . But he is backed by a large number of lawyers supported by a bevy of interns from U.S. law schools . Despite all this legal support , Karadzic says there has been too much evidence for him to go through . Prosecutors say they have 490 hours of evidence to present . The judge wrote back to Karadzic last week telling him he does n't need to present his defense yet , he can do it after the prosecution . But Karadzic still refused to show . The court can not compel him to come even though he is held in a detention facility about seven minutes drive from the court run exclusively for those awaiting or on trial at the tribunal . The detention facility is a lot more comfortable than a conventional jail . Karadzic will be able to watch TV when he wants , he has access to books and can mix with other defendants . Indeed , detention facility staff report that members of all three ethnic groups -- Serbs , Croats and Bosnians -- mingle freely , even playing games together . Q : Can the trial proceed without a defendant in the dock ? A : The trial can go ahead without Karadzic present because there is no legal reason that says he needs to be there , even though he is defending himself . But the court is bound to give him a fair trial so if the prosecution begins without him the judges may give Karadzic a video feed so he can watch proceedings unfold . Q : How long is the trial expected to last ? A : The trial could last at least two years and possibly three . The court allows at least one year for the prosecution and one year for the defense as a minimum . Q : What measures have been put in place to prevent a repeat of the delays and obfuscation seen during the trial of the former Yugoslav leader Slobodan Milosevic ? A : Milosovic 's trial dragged on because he defended himself , refused to accept the legitimacy of court and because of the complexity of the case and lengthy charge list -- 66 counts -- against him . Karadzic 's case is less complex and this is one of the lessons prosecutors have learned from the Milosevic trial : make cases simpler and only go for those that can be readily proved . But with Karadzic defending himself and refusing to accept the court 's legitimacy , the judges are still struggling to figure out how to deal with tactics designed to delay the trial . They are likely to be less lenient than they were with Milosevic .	Karadzic says he has not had sufficient time to prepare his defense Court can not compel Karadzic to attend bur could put video link in cell Court has simplified case against Karadzic to avoid repeat of Milosevic trial Still , trial will last at least two -- and possibly three -- years
Health.com  -- Parents who believe that playing video games is less harmful to their kids ' attention spans than watching TV may want to reconsider -- and unplug the Xbox . Video games can sap a child 's attention just as much as the tube , a new study suggests . Elementary school children who play video games more than two hours a day are 67 percent more likely than their peers who play less to have greater-than-average attention problems , according to the study , which appears in the journal Pediatrics . Playing video games and watching TV appear to have roughly the same link to attention problems , even though video games are considered a less passive activity , the researchers say . "  Video games are n't less likely than television to be related to attention problems , " says the lead author of the study , Edward Swing , a doctoral candidate in the department of psychology at Iowa State University , in Ames . "  They were at least as strong as television at predicting attention problems . " However , the study does n't prove that video games directly cause attention problems . It could be that kids who have short attention spans to begin with might be more likely to pick up a joystick than a book , for instance . Health.com : Quiz : Do you have adult ADHD ? The relationship between video games and attention is probably a two-way street , Swing says . "  It would n't surprise me if children who have attention problems are attracted to these media , and that these media increase the attention problems , " he says . Swing and his colleagues followed more than 1,300 children in the third , fourth , and fifth grades for a little over a year . The researchers asked both the kids and their parents to estimate how many hours per week the kids spent watching TV and playing video games , and they assessed the children 's attention spans by surveying their schoolteachers . Previous studies have examined the effect of TV or video games on attention problems , but not both . By looking at video-game use as well as TV watching , Swing and his colleagues were able to show for the first time that the two activities have a similar relationship to attention problems . Health.com : Attention sappers : 5 reasons you ca n't concentrate C. Shawn Green , Ph.D , a postdoctoral associate in the department of psychology at the University of Minnesota , in Minneapolis , points out that the study does n't distinguish between the type of attention required to excel at a video game and that required to excel in school . "  A child who is capable of playing a video game for hours on end obviously does not have a global problem with paying attention , " says Green , who has researched video games but was not involved in the current study . "  The question , then , is why are they able to pay attention to a game but not in school ? What expectancies have the games set up that are n't being delivered in a school setting ? " Experts have suggested that modern TV shows are so exciting and fast paced that they make reading and schoolwork seem dull by comparison , and the same may be true for video games , the study notes . Health.com : 10 kid-targeted junk foods It 's unclear from this study whether that 's the case , however , because Swing and his colleagues did n't look at the specific games the kids were playing . "  We were n't able to break -LSB- the games -RSB- down by educational versus non-educational or nonviolent versus violent , " says Swing , adding that the impact different types of games may have on attention is a ripe area for future research . The study also suggests that young kids are n't the only ones whose attention spans may be affected by video games . Health.com : Too much TV linked to earlier death In addition to surveying the elementary school kids , the researchers asked 210 college students about their TV and video-game use and how they felt it affected their attention . The students who logged more than two hours of TV and video games a day were about twice as likely to have attention problems , the researchers found . These attention problems later in life may be the result of "  something cumulative that builds up over a lifetime " or "  something that happens early in life at some critical period and then stays with you , " Swing says . "  Either way , there are implications that would lead us to want to reduce television and video games in childhood . " The American Academy of Pediatrics , the leading professional organization for pediatricians and the publisher of Pediatrics , recommends that parents limit all "  screen time "  including video and computer games  to less than two hours per day . Health.com : The 10 habits of healthy families For his part , Green says that how much time kids spend playing video games should be a matter of common sense and parental judgment . "  A hard boundary , such as two hours , is completely arbitrary , " he says . "  Children are individuals , and what makes sense for one wo n't necessarily work for another . " Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2010	Video games were at least as strong as TV at predicting attention problems , study said TV and video games have a similar relationship to attention problems AAP recommends that parents limit "  screen time " to less than two hours per day
Phoenix , Arizona  CNN  -- Nearly 1,000 people rallied in scorching temperatures Saturday to speak out against people giving Arizona heat for its controversial new immigration law . "  They 're attacking Arizona as a state that 's racist and Nazi , and we 're here to say that , no , we 're not . We 're for what America stands for , the melting pot , equality for all , " said rally organizer Dan Amato , who traveled from Pennsylvania to Arizona for the event . Organizers said they wanted to change the perception that supporters of SB 1070 , and the law itself , are racist . Nearly half of the speakers at the event were of Hispanic or Mexican ancestry . The law allows police to ask for proof of legal residency when investigating a suspected crime . Critics say it will lead to racial profiling and prevent police from doing their jobs by undermining trust in the Latino community . City governments and organizations opposed to the law have targeted Arizona with protests and boycotts . Participants in Saturday 's rally said they wanted to fight back by giving the state an economic boost . And they said they want other states to follow Arizona 's lead by passing legislation to crack down on illegal immigration , claiming the federal government has refused to do the job . Protesters waved signs that read "  Do n't pander to non-citizens " and "  Lawbreakers do n't love America . " More than 100 motorcyclists showed their support by circling the rally on their bikes . "  It is about culture , not race , because the American culture , I feel , is under assault , because they are not embracing our culture , " said Ruth Miller , another rally organizer . Carmen Morales , who traveled to the rally from New Jersey , stressed that not all Hispanics are against the new law . "  This is about enforcing the law , " she said . "  It 's about securing our borders . " Other speakers included Republican state Sen. Russell Pearce , who sponsored the law , former Republican presidential candidate and Colorado Rep. Tom Tancredo , and Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio . "  This new law , okay , it was passed . Let 's hope it 's enforced , " Arpaio told CNN after his speech . "  Because I 'm going to enforce it . I 'm going to arrest anybody that violates that state law and put them in my jail , not turn them over to the federal government . "	Supporters of Arizona immigration law say they 're not racist Rally was aimed at boosting the state 's economy , supporting law Demonstrators say they hope other states will follow Arizona 's lead Law allows police to ask for proof of legal residency when investigating crimes
CNN  -- Facing down a gunman , placing yourself in the path of flying bullets , forfeiting your life to protect innocents . It 's a job description fitting for a soldier or police officer , but for a school teacher -- an elementary school teacher at that ? What the teachers and principal at Sandy Hook Elementary School did for the children in their care could win a soldier in a war zone a Purple Heart . Read more : ` This world is a better place because she has been in it ' But the soldier makes a conscious choice to face mortal danger when he or she enlists . Sandy Hook 's heroes did not . Adam Lanza did not give them that choice when he opened fire in the hallway and two classrooms Friday in Newtown , Connecticut . Long before it happened , Principal Dawn Hochsprung tried to prevent a shooting -- or any other calamity -- by implementing new security measures at Sandy Hook . She made sure teachers practiced getting into lockdown mode . The front door was locked when the gunman arrived . A mother meeting with Hochsprung about her struggling child was astounded that the gunman had gotten in : "  It 's a locked school ; you have to be buzzed in , " she later said . Principal 's husband left with future that no longer makes sense Lanza blasted his way in . Hochsprung heard the loud pop . She , school psychologist Mary Sherlach and Vice Principal Natalie Hammond went to investigate . They were acting as the first line of protection and paid heavily for it . Only Hammond returned from the hallway alive -- but not unscathed . Along with Hochsprung , 47 , and Sherlach , 56 , four teachers perished . Victoria Soto , 27 , moved her first-grade students away from the classroom door . The gunman burst in and shot her , according to the father of a surviving student . Read more : Comforting survivors : ` Hug them ' and ` cry with them ' "  She would not hesitate to think to save anyone else before herself and especially children , " her mother , Donna Soto , told CNN 's Piers Morgan . Anne Marie Murphy 's body was found in a classroom , slumped over young children killed in the shooting . The 52-year-old special education teacher was apparently attempting to shield them , her father told the newspaper Newsday . Aspirations were cut short and potential was wiped out -- of the young children who will no longer learn and grow toward adulthood , but also of the teachers who died . Rachel D'Avino , 29 , was a behavioral therapist who worked with autistic children . D'Avino 's boyfriend was going to propose to her on Christmas Eve . Lauren Rousseau , 30 , had dreamed of being a teacher since before she went to kindergarten herself . She had been hired only last month by Sandy Hook and was substituting for a teacher on maternity leave when Lanza killed her . Read more : Remembering the Sandy Hook Elementary shooting victims For the teachers who lived through the carnage , difficult tasks lie ahead . In the coming days , they will bury their colleagues and 20 small children they taught and adored , while comforting parents and nursing the tender hearts of the children who survived . Kindergarten teacher Janet Vollmer knows at least half of the killed children . "  Ten of them were in my class last year , " she told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Sunday . "  It 's tough . It 's tough . " When the shots rang out , Vollmer locked her classroom door , covered the windows , including the one in the door , then took the children into a nook between bookcases and a wall . She read them a story to keep them calm . "  They kept saying ` How come we 're here for so long ? ' ` Well , it will be a little longer . ' " she answered . "  When they 're 5 , you do whatever you can to keep them safe and keep them calm . " "  We 're going to be safe , " Vollmer told them , "  because we 're sitting over here and we 're all together . " Read more : Teacher : ' I wanted to be the last thing they heard , not the gunfire ' First-grade teacher Kristen Roig herded her students into a bathroom , locked the door and told them not to make a peep . They got impatient , antsy , wanted someone to go out and see what was happening . No , she told them . She was afraid they would all die . "  If they started crying , I would take their face and tell them , ` It 's going to be OK . ' I wanted that to be the last thing they heard , " she said , "  not the gunfire in the hall . " The wait dragged on , Vollmer said . "  Maybe it was 20 minutes , a half-hour ; I 'm not sure . " Police knocked at the door to take them all out . They instructed her to have the schoolchildren hold hands and close their eyes . "  At 5 , it 's not so easy to close your eyes and walk , " Vollmer said . "  So I had them look toward the wall . " They all had to be brave . President Barack Obama eulogized the teachers in a speech to Newtown and the nation Sunday night . "  They responded as we all hope we might respond in such terrifying circumstances -- with courage and with love , giving their lives to protect the children in their care , " he said . "  We know that there were other teachers who barricaded themselves inside classrooms , and kept steady through it all , and reassured their students by saying ` Wait for the good guys , they 're coming ' ; ` Show me your smile . ' " Read more : What really makes schools safer ? Now Newtown will need to muster the courage to rebuild , to keep raising the siblings of fallen angels , to face another day without a beloved child . Sandy Hook Elementary will probably move into another building , away from the scene of the spilled blood and bullet holes . Teachers and children will go back to class , prepare lessons , do homework , take tests and grade them . "  We need to get the kids back in school , " Vollmer said . Vollmer , her colleagues and the children have all seen and heard too much and gotten through it bravely . Even soldiers experience permanent trauma after seeing a child being killed -- let alone 20 at once . --------- The stories of how these teachers and school administrators risked their lives -- and in six instances gave them -- to protect their young students spurred CNN readers to label them heroes . "  The next time people criticize teachers , think of these heroes and know that any teacher would do the same for their students . Your children , " wrote Tom in the online comment section below this story . "  How many dozen lives were likely saved because the teachers and administrators knew what to do ? " "  Let 's try and remember these heroic women 's names and forget the gunman 's name starting today , " said a person using the name druglady33 . Margaret Kime called their actions "  Unimaginable grace when faced with unimaginable horror . " Commenter marsh025 suggested the school principal should have been armed and able to fight off the attacker : "  She should have come out with guns blazing .  I never thought I would say that  At the very least , principals need to be armed and trained in locating and engaging gunmen who enter their schools . The principal and a security/police officer should go together , armed to confront the individual . This is what we 've become . " "  We should never forget them , " wrote boogbop , "  and we should make certain they did not die in vain by holding them up as an example of what is great and good in human beings . "	NEW : "  Remember these heroic women 's names and forget the gunman 's , " a reader says Teachers at Sandy Hook elementary acted heroically Some were killed as they used their bodies to shield the children they taught It will take more bravery to move on and heal
CNN  -- The New York Yankees ' Andy Pettitte , the winningest pitcher in post-season history , will retire after this season , the Yankees said Friday . Pettitte , 41 , owns a 255-152 career record with a 3.86 ERA in 529 appearances over 18 Major League seasons . In the post-season , he went 19-11 with a 3.81 ERA in 44 career starts . It 's still possible for Pettitte to see another post-season , since the 80-73 Yankees are still eligible to go to the playoffs in the post-season as a wild card . "  I 've reached the point where I know that I 've left everything I have out there on that field . The time is right . I 've exhausted myself , mentally and physically , and that 's exactly how I want to leave this game . " The lefty played most of his career for the Yankees but had a brief stint in the last decade with the Houston Astros . His career was n't without controversy . In December 2007 , he was cited by a group led by former Sen. George Mitchell in a report on illegal use of performance-enhancing drugs in baseball . Pettitte was among dozens named in its findings , and the report became the basis of a hearing two months later by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform . He later admitted to using growth hormones in 2002 and 2004 , one of the few players to admit to the use of such drugs . What will future hold for Yankees ? ` Tip my cap ' to Yankees fans But Pettitte 's career has been filled with highlights . A three-time All-Star and 2001 American League Championship Series MVP , he 's the only pitcher in the majors to pitch at least 17 seasons without a losing season , the Yankees said . This year , he has gone 10-10 with 3.93 ERA in 28 starts . Pettitte will end his career as one of 12 players to spend at least 15 seasons with the Yankees , the team said . A Louisiana native and Texas resident , he pitched three seasons with the Houston Astros and appeared in the 2005 World Series , when the Chicago White Sox swept the Astros . He also posted a winning record in each of the first 13 seasons of his career , from 1995 to 2007 . That was the third-longest such streak to begin a career all time , the Yankees said , behind Hall of Famers Grover Cleveland Alexander , at 17 , and Cy Young , at 15 . "  I 'm announcing my retirement prior to the conclusion of our season because I want all of our fans to know now , while I 'm still wearing this uniform , how grateful I am for their support throughout my career . I want to have the opportunity to tip my cap to them during these remaining days and thank them for making my time here with the Yankees so special , " Pettitte said . Pettitte 's announcement comes as the Yankees honor their great reliever , baseball 's all-time saves leader Mariano Rivera . Sunday 's sold-out game against the San Francisco Giants will feature a pregame ceremony honoring Rivera , who is also retiring . "  One of the things I struggled with in making this announcement now was doing anything to take away from Mariano 's day on Sunday . It is his day , " Pettitte said . "  He means so much to me , and has meant so much to my career that I would just hate to somehow take the attention away from him . "	Andy Pettitte pitched mostly for the Yankees , three seasons with Astros He admitted using growth hormones last decade Another Yankee great , Mariano Rivera , is stepping down as well
CNN  -- A Thai Airways plane that skidded off the runway while landing at Bangkok 's Suvarnabhumi Airport on Sunday night had its logos blacked out by workers after the accident . More : Thai Airways plane skids off runway , 13 injured After touching down in Bangkok at 11:20 p.m. , the Airbus A330-300 aircraft , which departed from Guangzhou , China , suffered a landing gear malfunction that caused it to slide off the runway , according to the airline . No passengers were reported injured during the actual landing , although 13 received minor injuries during the evacuation and were taken to hospital , the airline said . After the accident , workers on a crane painted over the Thai Airways logo on the tail and body of the aircraft in black . Known as the "  crisis communication rule , " the practice of obscuring logos was a recommendation from Star Alliance -- of which Thai Airways is a member -- to protect the airline 's image , an airline official initially said . However , Star Alliance denied the claims . "  The Star Alliance crisis communications policy does not state that logos are to covered , " in the event of an accident , a spokesman for the airline group , Markus Ruediger , told CNN . Thai Airways later issued a statement "  clarifying " its policy . "  Though Thai generally practices the de-identifying of an aircraft after an incident ... the company also clarifies that this is not a Star Alliance policy . " Established in 1997 , Star Alliance is a global airline network with 28 member airlines . "  Standard practice " draws criticism Judging from the attention -- even derision -- Thai Airway 's actions have attracted in this case , the effort to protect the airline 's image seems to have had the opposite of its intended effect . Attention on Twitter quickly focused as much on the obscuring of the logos as on the accident itself . One tweet questioned whether this was the "  Most bizarre piece of corporate spin ever ? " "  Cover up that tail , " another post joked . Landing gear malfunction Thai Airways was investigating the cause of the accident on Sunday night , the airline said . "  After touchdown at Suvarnabhumi Airport , the landing gear malfunctioned and caused the aircraft to skid off the runway , " said president of Thai Airways , Sorajak Kasemsuvan , in a statement on the company 's website . "  Sparks were noticed from the vicinity of the right landing gear near the engine ; the matter is under investigation . " Airbus said it is awaiting further information on the event before it can comment . "  We are dispatching a team of experts to support both the investigation authorities and Thai Airways , " the company told CNN . Second incident in fortnight The incident is the second in two weeks for Thai Airways . At least 39 passengers were injured after an Airbus A380 with 500 passengers from Bangkok hit severe turbulence during its approach into Hong Kong International Airport on August 30 . Thai Airways International has established a hotline for information about the accident in Bangkok . The number inside Thailand is 02 545 3181 . From outside the country , the number is +66 2 545 3181 .	After accident in Bangkok , Thai Airways painted over logos on its aircraft Thai Airways said obscuring logos was a recommendation from Star Alliance Star Alliance denied the airline 's claim Media attention suggests the action achieved opposite of desired effect
CNN  -- Two armed groups raped more than 150 women in a village in the volatile North Kivu province in the Democratic Republic of Congo in a four-day spree , a United Nations official said Monday . The attacks happened last month and members of a U.N. human rights team said it confirmed the attacks . "  Victims of the attack , which occurred on 30 July in the village of Bunangiri are receiving medical treatment and have also been provided psycho-social care , " the U.N. officials said in a statement . In the statement U.N. officials said the culprits were insurgents loyal to the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda . The ethnic Hutu militia has been linked the genocide in Rwanda in 1994 and has been been battling Congo government forces recently . Aid group International Medical Corps said it is treating the women and had more details about the rape spree that they say went on for days . "  The incident began when armed men entered a local village , urging the population not to flee by convincing them that they were only there to find food . However , after dark another group of armed men reportedly arrived , and over the next four days the armed actors raped women throughout the area , " the organization said in a statement . The women were attacked by two to six armed men and sometimes in front of their husbands and children , the medical organization said .	Rape spree lasts four days , group says U.N. says militants loyal to Hutu militia group committed the attacks In some cases , the women are assaulted in front of children
CNN  -- Before he died Friday , it seems , James Rebhorn wrote his own obituary . St. Paul 's Lutheran Church of Jersey City , New Jersey , has shared a letter titled "  His Life , According to Jim " that 's signed by the actor and dated March 2014 . According to the church , Rebhorn , 65 , was a longtime member who "  will be remembered not so much for his many screen and stage accomplishments as for his firm faith , his strong leadership , his care for others , and his unfailing good humor . " Actor James Rebhorn dead at 65 And in the obituary , Rebhorn 's faith and love for his family are particularly evident . It includes recognition of the influence of his parents , who "  gave him his faith and wisely encouraged him to stay in touch with God , " and his sister , who was "  his confidant  and  ... bridge over troubled waters . " He also mentions how his wife , Rebecca , and their two daughters "  anchored his life and gave him the freedom to live it . " "  Without them always at the center of his being , " the obituary continues , "  Rebhorn 's  life would have been little more than a vapor . Rebecca loved him with all his flaws , and in her the concept of ceaseless love could find no better example . " Rebhorn was born in September 1948 in Philadelphia . After graduating from Ohio 's Wittenberg University and earning a Master of Fine Arts from Columbia , he soon found his way to both the stage and the screen . If his name is n't familiar , his face probably is : Rebhorn played the headmaster in 1992 's "  Scent of a Woman , " a district attorney on the series finale of "  Seinfeld " and the secretary of defense alongside Will Smith in 1996 's "  Independence Day . " Most recently , he was on television as "  Homeland 's " Frank Mathison , the father of Claire Danes ' Carrie . Throughout his life , Rebhorn 's obituary says , he was "  fortunate enough to earn his living doing what he loved . ... A lucky man in every way . " Although his representative did not specify Rebhorn 's cause of death , she said he died "  at home with his loving family in attendance . " In addition to his wife and daughters , whom he says "  made him immensely proud , " Rebhorn noted the numerous family members and friends he 's leaving behind . "  He loved them all , " Rehborn said , "  and he knows they loved him . " People we 've lost in 2014 CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Actor James Rebhorn died at 65 on Friday His church has shared a letter signed by him The obituary notes his love for his faith and family He earned a living "  doing what he loved , " a "  lucky man in every way "
CNN  -- Lake Providence , Louisiana , is the parish seat of the "  most unequal place in America , " meaning it has a higher rate of income inequality than any other parish or county . And until somewhat recently , the poor side of town was missing a key Google Maps feature . I visited the place last year for a CNN Change the List story , and it was immediately obvious the barrier between rich and poor is both economic and geographic . There 's an oxbow lake -- Lake Providence -- that divides a largely rich white neighborhood from a primarily poorer black one . I was surprised to find there 's not all that much interaction between each side of the lake , which I found reflective of a national "  empathy gap . " After the story published , a reader flagged for me the fact that , at the time , you could n't search the poor side of Lake Providence using Google Street View . The poor side of town was invisible in that way . I noticed last week that that 's now changed , praise be to Google ! I 'm not sure why , since the company 's press office has n't answered my questions about it . But I 'm pleased , no matter what the reason . I think one issue with poverty in America is that it 's too often unseen , regardless of what columnist Paul Krugman thinks . That Google left the poor side of Lake Providence without Street View probably was n't intentional , but it was highly symbolic . I 'm glad that neighborhood is now included -- not so people can gawk at it but so it 's on even technological footing with the richer side . And so it exists . Here 's how Google explained the omission in November : "  We try to cover as many streets as possible but occasionally we miss the odd one or two -- for example there may have been road work that day , a street may have been inaccessible or simply because of human error our drivers may have missed a street , " a spokeswoman said in an email to me . "  It 's also possible that we did drive a certain street , but discovered that when processing the imagery , the photographs collected did not meet our high quality imagery standards due to unforeseeable challenges like shadows , poor visibility conditions , etc. . Hopefully we can come back and photograph it at a future date . " "  It was n't for any reason about the demographics or anything like that -- or it being a poor area , " spokeswoman Susan Cadrecha added at the time . "  That does not factor into our decisions in any way to map areas . We 're constantly updating this imagery and we 're constantly trying to make it as accurate as possible . ... We want the whole world to be mapped , that 's our eventual goal . We want people to be able to explore different areas . " In other Lake Providence news , volunteers this year finished painting a hopeful mural near the center of town . It shows an image of Dede Willis , a college student who was featured at the start of the video I produced with CNN 's Edythe McNamee . Pretty amazing . I hope to learn more about progress in Lake Providence in coming months . And the Census Bureau tells me it is scheduled to release new data on income inequality by county in December , which may offer new insight .	East Carroll Parish , Louisiana , has the highest income inequality in the nation The parish seat , Lake Providence , has a lake that divides rich from poor CNN 's John Sutter says Google Street View previously did not show the poor side He writes that that 's since changed ; he applauds Google , whatever the reason
CNN  -- Facebook recently announced new privacy controls that enable users not only to limit how their information is shared , but also to better understand how that information is exposed to others . Increased transparency and strong , simple privacy controls like these are practices more companies should embrace . Facebook 's changes follow a recent move by a Senate panel to approve a bill that would require law enforcement to get a warrant before reading private e-mail . This proposed change to the outdated 1986 Electronic Communications Privacy Act is good news -- and not just for the likes of Gen. David Petraeus , who would rather their compromising situations remain private . Both actions are important steps toward improving privacy protections online , but we have a long way to go -- because it 's not only e-mails and social networks we might want to keep private . What about our purchases , the websites we visit , or our personal details ? Consider my own recent experience . A friend reached out to me , concerned over the profile he had seen of me on a dating website . I was listed as a widow and , as he and I both knew , my husband is still very much alive . And married . To me . To my horror , someone had set up a dating profile for me , using information easily gleaned from the Web : my name , my photo , the university where I teach , the number of my children . All of it was accurate except two claims : I was a widow and that I was "  looking for a relationship . " How much do Google , Facebook profit from your data ? Many privacy advocates and information security experts react to examples like mine with calls for more consumer control of information . If we treated personal information like private property akin to a home or car , the argument goes , then I would have the power to decide when and to whom to "  sell " or license my information , and of course would have a case against the dating website for "  stealing " it . But responding to the ever-expanding market in private information by participating in its sale seems to only legitimatize and promote , not limit , the practice . More important , viewing privacy as an individual problem to be fixed by individual property rights will not lower our risks because it fails to take into account the social value of privacy . One obvious social value is in protecting personal details -- name , occupation , marital status . The problem with the dating site profile was n't that I did n't get paid for my information . It 's that its misrepresentations could have had serious consequences for my personal life and my reputation . I have a strong interest in ensuring reported facts about me are correct : We all do . Much of modern social and economic life would be impossible without reliance on such facts . Privacy enhances social relationships , both private and contractual . I share information with my doctor not simply because I value her services and expect confidentiality , but because I trust her and value our relationship . In health care , patients must be willing to disclose personal and intimate information to clinicians . If someone exposed to HIV or bird flu were not willing to tell a doctor because of privacy concerns , not only would his or her health suffer , but the health of all would be endangered . Probably the most important social value related to privacy is its role in civic engagement , which of course includes voting , but also the ability to interact freely without surveillance . Although we worry mostly about government agents snooping on us , corporate and third-party surveillance of online communications , relationships and activities has increased significantly in the past decade . Most forces in the marketplace encourage companies to exploit rather than protect consumers ' private information . Businesses lack information accountability and fair information practice policies are weak . Online tracking of purchases , social networks , and locations for commercial gain could end up harming civic engagement in the same way that we worry government surveillance will do . Opinion : Despite Facebook , privacy is far from dead Because privacy is social , it is not a property of individuals . My "  individual privacy " is actually created , and thus protected , by people I know , and my doctor , my bank , my telephone line , my voting booth , my library card . Privacy depends on social norms , professional ethics , organizational policies , legal rules and regulations and technical standards . No one of these mechanisms -- technology , norms or laws -- determines or fully protects privacy , but in concert they do . To argue that the best way to bolster privacy is to make it an individual responsibility contradicts its actual social nature . Another drawback : People might not be very good at managing their privacy by themselves . In the rush to adopt a new device or try a new application , many do n't fully consider , or are even aware of , tradeoffs they might be making when they provide a lot of personal details . New Facebook policies and the proposed strengthening of the electronic privacy act are important steps , but until we follow privacy-by-design technology , strengthen fair information practices , and encourage policies that recognize the social nature of privacy , our online world will continue to lack the mechanisms we need to promote and protect personal privacy . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Denise Anthony .	Denise Anthony : Facebook 's new protections , enhancement of e-mail privacy act good news Anthony : But we need to protect privacy of purchases , websites we visit , personal data The idea privacy is something an individual can own and sell is bad strategy , she says Anthony : Privacy ca n't be regulated alone ; it 's a social , community bond
Vieques , Puerto Rico  CNN  -- Each day after work , Nanette Rosa takes her two daughters to feed their horses . It 's their favorite part of the day -- a time they do n't think about pain . "  It 's really difficult for my mom to have two daughters with cancer , " said 16-year-old Coral , the older daughter . "  Because sometimes she 's got two of us in the hospital at the same time , and we both get sick at the same time . And sometimes she does n't have anyone to help her , and it really affects her . " The Rosas live on Vieques , an American island off Puerto Rico . For nearly 60 years , the U.S. military used much of the island as a bombing range , dropping vast quantities of live bombs and missiles in weapons tests . Now , about three-quarters of the island 's residents -- including Coral and her 14-year-old sister Inna -- are part of a lawsuit that claims the bombing range made them sick . "  There 's a lot of people here dying of cancer , " Coral said . "  I have my little cousin dying of cancer . I have my sister that has cancer . My boyfriend 's mom died of cancer . His dad has cancer of the skin . A lot of people are suffering here of cancer , 'cause what they did here in Vieques . " As a toddler , Coral was diagnosed with neuroblastoma , a cancer that afflicts younger children . Her mother says much of Coral 's stomach and intestines had to be replaced as a result of the cancer . "  Almost everything is plastic , " Nanette Rosa said . "  So when she eats certain foods , it produces diarrhea , which has caused dehydration . She gets sick a lot , and certain foods she can not eat like regular people . " The operations have left Coral with a six-inch gash across her stomach , along with emotional scars . "  Sometimes I feel sad , 'cause everybody calls me ` plastic intestines , ' " she said . "  They say , ` Oh , you have a plastic belly . ' And I tell them , ` You know what ? If you were in this condition , how would you feel ? ' " And doctors found a large tumor in Inna 's mouth when she was 7 . "  It was very swollen , and it looked like there was a big ball of gum in my mouth or a big lollipop , " she said . "  I started having pain , and the only thing that would come out was blood . " Inna was diagnosed with Ewing 's sarcoma , a bone cancer . John Eaves Jr. , who represents Coral , Inna and other islanders in the lawsuit against the federal government , told CNN , "  There is suffering throughout this island . " "  You can not walk down the street on this island without counting every house and knowing two or three people on the street that have cancer , or have had cancer , or have died from cancer , " Eaves said . "  But for me , the most disturbing thing is the number of children on this island that have terminal cancer . " Eaves , of Mississippi , has taken more than 1,300 hair samples from Vieques residents and had them tested for heavy metals . About 80 percent of the hair samples tested positive for heavy metals . Many of the results show levels of toxic elements in people that are literally off the charts -- the lines representing substances like lead , mercury , arsenic , aluminum and cadmium extend beyond the "  dangerous " area and out of the grid entirely . "  These hair samples , I believe , are the strongest proof that the contaminants -- the things that were in the bombs , like the lead , mercury , cadmium , arsenic , aluminum -- are now in the people , " Eaves said . Behind one of those charts is 7-year-old Taishmalee Ramos-Cruz , whose hair was tested when she was 2 . Taishmalee 's parents say she had been very sick , and they fear she may get sick again . " "  She looked like she had chemotherapy . She lost all her hair , and she had these spots on her legs , " her father told CNN . "  She also had bad trouble using her fingers properly for a long time . " Eaves said he was not surprised to learn of the problems Taishmalee has experienced . "  Unfortunately , we have seen many children on Vieques with similar problems , " he said . "  And she may still get sick again . We do n't know if she will get cancer later . " Dr. Carmen Ortiz Roque , a Harvard-trained epidemiologist , has studied the Vieques population for years . She and other scientists have been deposed in the lawsuit . "  The human population of Vieques is by far the sickest human population that I 've ever worked with , " said Ortiz , who practices in San Juan . "  These people are very sick very early , and dying earlier . So something is happening there . " Ortiz has compiled statistics for the Vieques population that she and other scientists find alarming . "  It 's astonishing , " she said . "  They die 30 percent higher of cancer , 45 percent higher of diabetes , 95 percent higher of liver disease , and 381 percent higher of hypertension than the rest of Puerto Ricans . " Ortiz ' findings are supported by and are now used by the Puerto Rico Department of Health as an indicator of health problems for the people of Vieques . She also found disturbing statistics on mercury levels in the Vieques population -- levels that are much higher than the rest of Puerto Rico . "  Twenty-seven percent of the women in Vieques have enough mercury to damage their baby 's brain . That is very significant . " she said . "  This is very serious , given that mercury causes permanent damage and mental retardation in children and that the hair samples are a standard way of measuring this exposure in women in the reproductive age . " She said her sampling of children 5 and under in Vieques had "  at least six times higher levels of mercury exposure than children sampled in the United States . " Read comments on the high rate of illness on Vieques Dr. John Wargo , a Yale University expert on the effects of toxic exposure on human health , said he believes contamination from the bombing range has caused illnesses among Vieques residents . "  The chemicals released on the island have the capacity to induce cancer , to damage the nervous system , to cause reproductive damage , mutations , genetic damage , and also to harm the immune system , " said Wargo , who is slated to testify as an expert witness in the islanders ' lawsuit . In 2003 , scientists from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention concluded there was no link between the U.S. military activity on Vieques and the health problems suffered by the island 's population . The scientists were from the CDC 's Agency for Toxic Substances Disease Registry  ATSDR  division , which studies the nation 's toxic superfund sites . Numerous scientists and federal lawmakers have since publicly criticized the 2003 report on Vieques . Howard Frumkin , director of the ATSDR , was grilled at a House science and technology subcommittee hearing last year over the effectiveness of the agency and its handling of the Vieques and other questionable sites . In a report released just two days before the March 12 hearing , the subcommittee found that "  time and time again ATSDR appears to avoid clearly and directly confronting the most obvious toxic culprits that harm the health of local communities throughout the nation . "  Instead , they deny , delay , minimize , trivialize or ignore legitimate concerns and health considerations of local communities and well-respected scientists and medical professionals . " And in November , a group of at least seven scientists , including Ortiz and Wargo , called on ATSDR to conduct more research on the Vieques . ATSDR later that month announced it would take a "  fresh look " at Vieques and conduct new studies to determine whether the Navy 's contamination at Vieques made people sick . In January , ATSDR 's Frumkin was reassigned . In response to the islander 's lawsuit , the U.S. government is invoking sovereign immunity , claiming the islanders do not have the right to sue the government and that there 's no proof that the Navy 's activities caused the widespread illnesses . For the sick residents of Vieques there is no time to lose . "  What I want is people to get medicine and help here , " said Inna . "  I know how people are suffering in this island . I see people in the streets and poor people living like wild things . And there 's kids dying on the street . It 's not good . "	Vieques resident Nanette Rosa 's two teenage daughters both suffer from cancer A lawsuit blames fallout from U.S. weapons tests on the island for the high rate of illness U.S. government says there 's no proof that Navy activity caused widespread illness Watch the full investigation tonight on "  Campbell Brown " at 8 ET
CNN  -- According to a recent U.N. report , insects could be a solution to some of the world 's food and health problems . They 're nutritious , eco-friendly and abundant . Many countries already consider them a staple part of their diets . So if we 're all to start consuming locusts and scorpions , we can start in Southeast Asia for guidance . They 're a common sight in Bangkok . Come nightfall , at any given outdoor market or busy road there will usually be at least one vendor with a pushcart loaded up with insect snacks , making many tourists squirm and others lick their lips . Maybe you 're in the mood for some fried crickets . Or perhaps it 's the pile of bamboo worms that has you salivating . These bug vendors serve up to a dozen varieties of insects , which are usually fried in vegetable oil then sprayed with soy sauce to add some zing . To locals , and some expats , these foods are not out of the ordinary -- they 're part of the many meals on offer . Though most tourists prefer to munch on bugs for the shock value and to try something different -- check me out on Facebook/Instagram , how crazy am I ? -- locals enjoy them for the flavor . "  Customers often like to eat fried insects while drinking beer , as a healthy and exotic replacement for popcorn or peanuts , " one vendor says . More on Thailand 's fried bugs : A guide to Thailand 's edible insects Similar markets and food carts exist throughout Asia and other parts of the world . Take some of the options at this Beijing night market -- fried scorpions , centipedes and locusts . Going back to that U.N. report , it says 2 billion people around the world consider insects a delicacy or even a dietary staple . Insects are generally high in nutritional value and beat out both meat and fish in protein content and quality . They 're also rich in fiber and healthy micronutrients including copper , iron , magnesium , phosphorus , selenium and zinc . This makes insects the ideal food of the future , the U.N. says -- not just for the above parts of the world but globally . They will help promote health , wealth and a better environment and go some way to addressing current and potential food shortages . Not only does chomping on a bamboo worm win you likes on Facebook , it helps save the world . Extra ` like . ' Read more about the U.N. report here , via eatocracy . We 've put together , in the above gallery , just a tiny entree-sized smorgasbord of some of the many insects eaten around the world . For those in the United States or visiting , this great eatcracy piece lists several insect servers . Who 's hungry ? Let us know your insect hits , and misses .	U.N. report argues more of us should eat insects In places like Bangkok , eating things such as bamboo worms are the norm Beijing 's popular Donghuamen Night Market has quite the range
President Barack Obama could take action as early as next week to protect undocumented immigrants with American-born children and those who entered the United States as children themselves from deportation , an administration official familiar with the plan told CNN . The official said Obama could sign an executive order bypassing lawmakers and implementing those changes on his own by next week -- though the White House says it has n't nailed down the timing or content and that final decisions wo n't come until Obama returns from his Asia trip . The move has been the subject of months of anticipation . But with lame duck legislative wrangling underway on Capitol Hill , the president 's advisers could also wait until next month . While not specifying when Obama might make his move , the White House said Thursday he 's nearing a final decision on how to repair a system both Republicans and Democrats admit needs fixing . And while officials say the specifics of what he will announce have n't been finalized , the broad contours of a potential plan that eases deportations for millions of undocumented immigrants have been floated by immigration groups for months . For the multitude of groups who are watching the process unfold , the moment is charged . "  Without hesitation I can say the level of anticipation is intense . We were hoping this would happen in September , " said Clarissa Martinez , deputy vice president of the National Council of La Raza . "  It 's long overdue . The sooner the better . " Millions affected An expansion of Obama 's "  deferred action " program  DACA  that went into place in the summer of 2012 is considered by immigration activists a likely component of Obama 's immigration action . DACA delayed deportation proceedings for undocumented immigrants who were brought to the United States by their parents as children . There were caveats on who was eligible : in order to apply , immigrants needed to be younger than 31 at the time the rule was enacted , and younger than 16 when they were brought to the U.S. And applicants are required to either be in school , have earned a high school degree , or be honorably discharged veterans . The Migration Policy Institute , a nonpartisan think tank , says 1.2 million people were eligible under those rules and nearly 700,000 applied for deferred deportation , with hundreds of thousands more aging into the requirements over the next decade . But many more would become eligible if Obama expands , or eliminates altogether , those requirements , which were meant to encompass the same sector that would have qualified for permanent resident status under the DREAM Act , which has languished in Congress . That could mean extending deportation relief to the parents of U.S. citizens , a move that would bring another 3.4 million people into the eligibility ranks , according to a Migration Policy Institute analysis . If the parents of children who are eligible under the current DACA rules are also included , the number rises to 3.7 million . Changing those rules could also expand the eligible population : eliminating the education requirement , for example , would allow 430,000 more undocumented immigrants to be eligible for deferred deportation , the Migration Policy Institute estimates . And allowing people over 30 who were brought to the U.S. by undocumented parents would allow another 200,000 immigrants to apply , the think-tank 's report says . Immigration activists , frustrated with the rate of deportations under Obama and further exasperated with the delay in Obama 's immigration action , have been urging the White House to go big and expand the deferred deportation order in a way that allow the maximum number of people to stay . But many who have been watching the process closely believe the eventual announcement will fall short of those appeals . "  We have been making the case all along with activists and scholars that the president could provide relief to millions of people . I do n't think they will , " said Lorella Praeli , the advocacy director at immigrants ' rights group United We Dream . "  I think they will try to couch that as ` these are our political constraints . ' " Political football Whatever Obama finally decides -- and at this point , the options seem clear -- he 'll be met with fierce blowback from Republicans on Capitol Hill , who have spent months preparing for the announcement by warning of executive overreach and political well-poisoning . The White House yielded to politics once already , delaying the immigration announcement from its promised debut this summer to a new date before the end of this year . The move was meant to shield vulnerable Democrats from political attacks on the topic ; many of them lost their races anyway . The postponement was n't met kindly from immigration groups , who said there was n't time to spare on providing deportation relief for the millions of people who could be affected by new rules . This time the White House seems intent to get the announcement done before the New Year . Obama vowed action during a post-election press conference last week and Josh Earnest , his press secretary , reiterated the end-of-year goal during a press conference in Burma Thursday . There could still be election year ramifications , since Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu remains locked in a runoff contest with a Republican rival . But with the Senate firmly in Republican hands , any further delay would seem to offer little political advantage while only eroding support further among immigration reform activists . "  For us , every day that there 's a delay , and every day that people have to wait , means more people unjustly deported , " said Praeli . Some Democrats want Obama to wait to announce the executive action after essential business clears the House and Senate . Sen. Harry Reid , the outgoing Senate Majority Leader , told CNN the president should hold off any immigration action until a new bill funding the federal government is approved . He said enacting the immigration plan ahead of the spending measure could anger Republicans and risk a government shutdown . "  I 'd like to get the finances of this country out of the way before he does it . But it 's up to him , " Reid said . But no matter when the action comes , it seems destined to ignite GOP furor . The near certainty of an executive action by year 's end has n't slowed Republican efforts to stop it : this week a Republican congressman from Texas , Rep. Joe Barton , said if Obama goes forward with the plan , impeachment proceedings could be a possibility . Those threats are n't exactly a new thing . Democrats have raised millions of dollars by warning their party 's base about impeachment threats from conservative House members . More real is the threat that taking executive action on immigration forestalls any legislative effort on the matter . GOP leaders on Capitol Hill say a new plan delaying deportations would enrage Republicans , leaving little political will to push through a comprehensive overhaul of the immigration system . Obama seems little concerned by Republican threats against making the immigration move , however , pointing out they had an opportunity to pass a bipartisan reform measure in the House but balked . "  I feel obliged to do everything I can lawfully with my executive authority to make sure that we do n't keep on making the system worse , " he said during last week 's news conference .	Obama has pledged to act on immigration before the end of the year Precise timing is unclear
CNN  One Israeli citizen was killed and another injured in what police are calling a suspected terror attack Wednesday night near Hebrew University in Jerusalem . Israel Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said a 37-year-old Arab motorist from East Jerusalem struck two people standing at a bus stop in the French Hill section of the city . One victim , identified by police as Shalom Yohai Cherki , 26 , died at the hospital . A 20-year-old woman remains in serious condition , according to Rosenfeld . The driver has been arrested and is under investigation by the General Security Services . "  From the investigation and first findings , there is a strong suspicion that we 're talking about a terror attack , " Rosenfeld said . Amid the ongoing investigation , a magistrate court has issued a gag order on details of the incident .	Incident occurred Wednesday night near Hebrew University in Jerusalem , police say One victim , a 26-year-old man , has died ; a 20-year-old woman is in serious condition The suspect is a 37-year-old Arab from East Jerusalem , Israeli police say
CNN  -- The growth of the Hispanic population in the United States is outstripping pre-census estimates , the Pew Hispanic Center report released Tuesday says . "  The number of Hispanics counted in the 2010 Census has been larger than expected in most states for which the Census Bureau has released detailed population totals so far , " the report says . The Census Bureau has released its tally of Hispanics in 33 states . "  Those states ' combined Census 2010 total of 38.7 million Hispanics was higher by 590,000 people , " the report says . Data on the remaining states will be released by the end of March . Last month , a Pew Hispanic Center report said a two-year decline in the unauthorized immigrant population in the United States had leveled off . A rebounding economy may be a counteracting force , one of the study 's authors , Jeffrey S. Passel , said . "  What we 've seen historically is that when employment opportunities have increased , we 've seen increased flows " to the United States , he said . The economy in 2009 was better than in 2008 , and indications are that the numbers will be even better for 2010 , hinting that illegal immigration numbers could potentially creep back up , he said .	The number of Hispanics is ` larger than expected ' in most states The Census Bureau has released its tally of Hispanics in 33 states There are an estimated 38.7 million Hispanics in those states
Moscow  CNN  -- A plot to assassinate Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has been foiled , Russia 's state-run Channel One TV reported Monday , less than a week before presidential elections that Putin is expected to win . Citing unnamed sources , the report said a group of plotters was arrested in the Ukrainian city of Odessa in early January and , after weeks of questioning , confessed to planning to kill the Russian leader . The TV report included what it said was a confession by Adam Osmayev , a fixer associated with the two men who were seized in Odessa . "  Our final goal was to come to Moscow and try to organize an attempt on Prime Minister Putin , " Osmayev said . He said the plan involved using military-grade land mines to blow up vehicles . Channel One showed video of what it said was the raid on Osmayev 's apartment by armed security officers wearing black bulletproof vests and helmets . The video shows Osmayev , with red marks on his back and bloody bruises on his face , kneeling as officers demand his name . Ukraine 's domestic security agency , the SBU , uncovered the plot after an explosion at an apartment building in Odessa killed one of the plotters and injured another , Channel One said . The survivor tipped them off to Osmayev 's involvement , the report said . The plotter who was killed was allegedly willing to be a suicide bomber , and the mission was organized by Chechen militant leader Doku Umarov , Channel One reported . CNN has not independently confirmed the existence of the plot , and a former British ambassador to Moscow expressed doubts about it . "  There was a similar alleged plot against him the election before last , " Andrew Wood said . "  That 's pretty much  all  you need to know . It 's suspiciously convenient . " Putin has dominated Russian politics for more than a decade , and his opponents accuse him of rigging parliamentary elections late last year . International observers also said that the election was not free and fair , and protests of a size not seen in Russia in two decades followed the vote . Wood said the protests may have encouraged the Kremlin to say there was a plot against Putin 's life to build support for him . "  They 've been taken aback by the degree of opposition , " said Wood , who is now a Russia expert at Chatham House , a think tank in London . "  Even if he wins this election , which one must assume that he will , it wo n't necessarily mean that he has strong and durable support , " he said . Wood did not say outright that he did not believe there was really a plot to kill the prime minister . "  It 's conceivable , but it seems improbable . Anything could be true . I ca n't say it 's not true , " he said . Putin 's spokesman Dmitry Peskov told the Russian news agency Itar-Tass that he confirmed the TV report but would not comment on it . The Russian FSB declined to answer CNN questions about the alleged plot . The announcement comes a week ahead of this Sunday 's presidential election . Putin handed over the presidency to ally Dmitry Medvedev in 2008 , when he was barred from seeking a third consecutive term . After spending four years as prime minister , he announced in December that he would seek the presidency again . Human rights groups say civil liberties and democratic freedoms have suffered during his rule . But opponents took to the streets by the thousands after his United Russia party won a narrow majority in December parliamentary elections , which monitors from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe said were "  slanted in favor of the ruling party . " The leading opposition candidate in the March 3 vote is Communist Gennady Zyuganov . Russia 's third-richest man , billionaire New Jersey Nets owner Mikhail Prokhorov , and ultranationalist Vladimir Zhirinovsky are also running . Critics of Putin 's showed up in the thousands on Sunday in a show of strength ahead of the election . They attempted to complete a circuit of Moscow 's 15-kilometer  9.3-mile  "  Garden Ring " road but fell short . The RIA Novosti news agency quoted police as saying 11,000 people turned out Sunday , far below the estimated 34,000 needed to complete the human chain . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	A former UK envoy to Moscow says the report is conceivable but improbable One alleged plotter says the plan was to use military-grade land mines The plotters were arrested last month in Odessa , Ukraine , Channel One reports The announcement comes days before Putin is expected to win the presidency
CNN  -- In 2009 , Lu Qi , an author of martial arts novels , published his first book on a slightly different type of combat sport : office politics in China . The book , titled "  Hidden in the Office , " contains 23 rules for getting ahead in the workplace . For example : Rule 8 : Those who are just above you in the hierarchy are the most dangerous . Those of similar rank are enemies . Rule 11 : You do n't have to be loyal to your boss . You use him . Rule 12 : You are the dumbest if you think you are the smartest . Rule 18 : You have to worry when your boss tells you not to worry . Each rule is accompanied by an allegorical story surrounding the life of a white collar worker in a multi-national company that illustrates what the rules mean and how to put them into practice . More than a million copies have been sold . Lu is not alone in his success . In China , where competition is cutthroat and workplaces are characterized by opaque politics , complicated relationships and twisted love affairs , an entire literary genre has emerged on how to navigate a job-scape that is more like law of the jungle and survival of the fittest . The genre , known as Zhichang xiaoshuo , or "  workplace novels , " is comprised of hundreds of titles offering practical career advice conveyed via soap opera tales about secretaries , salespeople , entrepreneurs , executives , even government officials , and what they had to do to get ahead in their careers . Many are authored by employees who , using pen names , chronicle their workplace stories and the scandals , sex and secrets they experienced while on the job  think "  Secret Life of a Call Girl " meets "  Your Dream Career for Dummies . " "  The middle class is still developing in China , " said Lu . "  Most people want to climb up to that level . They want to have better lives . They have ambitions , and they want to achieve it . They acquire knowledge from wherever they can . Books are one of the ways . " "  Du Lala 's Promotion Diary , " the story of how a secretary climbs the corporate ladder of a Fortune 500 company to become a human resources manager , is one of the genre 's most famous works . It has sold millions of copies , inspired a movie , television series and three sequels . How the internet is changing China 's office politics In "  The Boiling Money Route , " author Xu Yu exposes the collision of government and business in a shadow banking industry in Wenzhou , a city near Shanghai known for its ruthless entrepreneurs and questionable business ethics . Xu Yu "  grew up in a wealthy family , worked at his family 's bank , a stock company and also fooled around in underground gambling , " says the book 's cover . "  So he has lots of inside stories , " it boasts . "  Xie Zhengxiang , the owner of a leading underground bank , acquires 100 million marketable securities from his mistress , Wang Anxiang . Before he can launder this through the black market operated by a Wenzhou guru , the situation of underground finance changed when an investigation team was sent by the government , " the book 's summary says . "  Special Promotion : How a Small Potato Gets Promoted " is a tale of how to move upwards as a government official "  in a non-traditional way . " Even quirkier titles include "  The Confession of a Beautiful Female Department Head in Prison . " There are eight books in a series called "  The Notebook of a Government Department . " Subject matter ranges from "  how to get the leader of your leader to notice you " to "  the higher you go , the more politics are involved . " Are cool offices the key to success ? "  The books  are popular because it is a very complicated and delicate situation with the government in China , " said a 29-year-old surnamed He who was browsing for a book about power struggles between high-level officials at a bookstore in Shanghai . "  We all want to know more about how the government officials are working . " Dancy Liang , a 32-year-old administrative assistant at a university in Shanghai , says such novels have helped her to know how to dress better and deal with sometimes complicated relationships . "  Like a man who is your boss likes you , and he often troubles you , asks you to go on business trips together , and you do n't know how to refuse him , " she said . "  Sometimes if we meet these kinds of problems ,  the novels  will help us solve these problems . We read them because we can find a part of ourselves within them . " Quiz : How to negotiate office politics Daisy Wong  a pen name  has authored countless columns about the personal and professional life of a 28-year-old female attorney working in high-powered law firms in Hong Kong . Her columns have been turned into books , which have topped best-seller lists both in Hong Kong and in mainland China . "  Career topics are always popular , " Wong said . "  Life is so quick . Relationships come and go . In a cosmopolitan place , this kind of genre hits the heart of the people -- people are lonely . " Liu Jianmei , an associate professor of modern and contemporary Chinese literature at Hong Kong University Science and Technology , says she feels like workplace novels are demoralizing . "  They drive people towards utilitarianism and materialism , " she said . "  They fail to pay attention to something more important , such as rebuilding positive cultural values . They may emphasize personal strength , enduring hardship , tolerating unpleasant human relationships , but on the journey for the pursuit of success , what is left at the end ? "	Hundreds of titles crowd the "  workplace " genre in China 's bookstores Appeal lies in the books ' mix of soap opera plots and career advice Books provide information for aspiring careerists , says novelist Genre fails to pay attention to more positive cultural values , says literature professor
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- South Africa has refused the Dalai Lama a visa to attend an international peace conference in Johannesburg this week , a presidential spokesman said . The Dalai Lama fled China in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule . The Tibetan spiritual leader and Nobel Laureate did not receive a visa because it was not in South Africa 's interest for him to attend , said Thabo Masebe . South Africa thinks that , if the Dalai Lama attended the conference , the focus would shift away from the 2010 World Cup -- the global soccer championship it will host next year . "  We can not allow focus to shift to China and Tibet , " Masebe said , adding that South Africa has gained much from its trading relationship with China . The Dalai Lama 's fellow laureate , Archbishop Desmond Tutu , said he would boycott the event . Watch the controversy surrounding South Africa 's decision " Former president F.W. De Klerk , another laureate , backed Tutu , saying in a statement that he would also not participate in the conference if the Dalai Lama remained excluded . De Klerk said that the decision to refuse the visa made a "  mockery " of the peace conference . "  The decision to exclude the Dalai Lama is irreconcilable with key principles on which our society is based including the principles of accountability , openness and responsiveness and the rights to freedom of expression and free political activity , " he said . "  South Africa is a sovereign constitutional democracy and should not allow other countries to dictate to it regarding who it should , and should not admit to its territory - regardless of the power and influence of the country . " A representative of the Dalai Lama said he was not surprised by the decision . The Tibetan government in exile thinks that China has pressured many countries to refuse a visit by the Dalai Lama , according to Chhime Chhoekyapa , an aide in Dharamsala , India . The Dalai Lama fled China in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule . The peace conference was billed as an opportunity to showcase South Africa 's role as a human-rights champion ahead of its hosting of soccer 's World Cup next year . It was to bring together Noble Laureates and top soccer officials . In addition to Tutu and De Klerk , laureates Nelson Mandela and Martti Ahtisaari , Sepp Blatter , president of soccer 's international governing body , and actress Charlize Theron were invited to attend . The event had the blessing of the Nobel Committee .	Spokesman : "  Not in South Africa 's interest for him  Dalai Lama  to attend " South Africa says it is worried focus will switch away from 2010 World Cup It added South Africa has gained much from its trading relationship with China Fellow laureate Desmond Tutu said he would boycott the conference
Becky Hauf had always been told her little town of Pilger , Nebraska , would never see a tornado . Too close to the Elkhorn River , the folklore went . Instead , Pilger got two . At the same time . The rare twin tornadoes that spun through on Monday night wiped out the town 's business district , obliterated its fire station and ground 40 or 50 homes into rubble , Stanton County Sheriff Mike Unger said . As much as three-fourths of the town of 350 is gone , Unger said . Two people died during the storm -- one a 5-year-old . The second death -- a traffic accident -- was probably weather-related , Unger said . Faith Regional Health Services in Norfolk said 16 people were critically injured in the storms . In southern Wisconsin , a line of thunderstorms that spawned twisters rolled through late Monday and early Tuesday . The town of Madison was hit hard . Mayor Paul Soglin said about 25 homes were damaged by the storm , which caused about $ 10 million in damages , reported CNN affiliate WKOW . The National Weather Service said it appeared a tornado touched down and lifted several times in the Mineral Point and Verona areas . At least 19 homes in Verona , near Madison , were damaged so badly they were uninhabitable , WKOW reported . The weather service said two tornadoes touched down in Plateville . No deaths were reported . In Nebraska , severe weather also caused damage in the towns of Wisner , Stanton and Pender . All four communities are within about 40 miles  64 kilometers  of one another , about an hour and a half northwest of Omaha . See damage from Nebraska tornadoes The National Weather Service also received unconfirmed tornado reports from Iowa , North Dakota and in Wisconsin , where emergency workers were searching homes in Madison and Verona after possible wind damage there , according to police . There were no reports of injuries or deaths , authorities said . The risk of severe weather will linger into Tuesday . Portions of 17 states , from Montana to Massachusetts , were at slight risk of severe storms Tuesday , including the possibility of a few tornadoes , the National Weather Service 's Storm Prediction Center said . No watches or warnings were in effect Tuesday afternoon . Are you there ? Share your photos and videos if it is safe Back in Pilger , storm chasers captured dramatic video of the twin tornadoes tearing through the countryside . At one point , the twisters straddled a state highway . "  It was terribly wide , " Marianne Pesotta told CNN affiliate KETV-TV . "  I drove east  to escape  . I could see how bad it was . I had to get out of there . " Hauf and other employees of the Farmers Co-op in Pilger rode out the storm in the convenience store 's cooler . "  It seemed like forever , but I guess it was only a couple minutes , and it was coming down on top of us , " Hauf told CNN 's "  New Day . "  But the coolers held together wonderfully . " When she emerged , the first thing she noticed was the condition of the stock in the store where she 'd worked for 20 years . "  I guess the first thing I saw was a ... cupcake box and a 24-pack of Bud Light , " she said . Nebraska Gov. Dave Heineman , who will tour the storm damage Tuesday , issued a state of emergency , putting the National Guard on standby to help if needed . North Dakota tornado strikes oil field camp , destroys 12 RVs Mid-Atlantic braves huge hail , pounding rains and powerful winds How to help	Storms cause damage in Madison , Wisconsin , and nearby towns Most of the town of Pilger , Nebraska , is wiped out by twin tornadoes Two people , including a 5-year-old , died during the storms , authorities say There is a slight risk of severe weather across much of northern U.S. on Tuesday
