CNN  -- President Obama is celebrated and criticized for greatly accelerating the number of CIA drone attacks in Pakistan , but the similar covert war that he has launched in Yemen has received considerably less attention . The Obama administration has launched an estimated 28 drone strikes and 13 air strikes in Yemen , according to data compiled by the New America Foundation from reliable news reports . By contrast , the administration of George W. Bush only launched one drone attack in Yemen .  The data was gathered from media outlets that include the Associated Press , Reuters , CNN and the Yemen Post . On April 25 , the White House approved a new policy inaugurating a more aggressive campaign of drone strikes in Yemen allowing so-called "  signature " strikes . These are strikes on individuals whose patterns of behavior signal the presumed presence of an important militant or of a plot against the United States , even if the targeted individual 's identity is unknown . Previously , the administration only allowed the U.S. Joint Special Operations Command  JSOC  and the CIA to launch drone attacks in Yemen against top-level militants whose names appeared on secret JSOC and CIA target lists and whose locations could be confirmed . These broadened rules of engagement will likely result in the further acceleration of U.S. intelligence and military operations in Yemen , a chaotic , weak state embroiled in several overlapping civil wars . As of June 6 , drone strikes and airstrikes had killed an estimated 531 to 779 people in Yemen , 509 to 713 of whom were identified in media reports as militants , according to the New America Foundation 's data . Of these deaths , 99 % occurred during Obama 's presidency . The civilian casualty rate from these strikes is estimated to be between 4 % and 8.5 % , roughly comparable with the civilian casualty rate from the U.S. drone program in Pakistan , which averaged 5.5 % in 2011 , according to New America Foundation data . The CIA inaugurated the lethal drone program in Yemen on November 3 , 2002 , with a Hellfire missile launched from a Predator drone at a vehicle in the province of Maarib , about 100 miles east of the capital city of Sanaa . The attack killed al Qaeda 's top operative in Yemen , Qaed Salim Sinan al-Harethi , who was also a suspect in the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole off the Yemeni coast . With al-Harethi in that car were five other militants , all of whom were killed , including U.S. citizen Kamal Derwish . His was the first reported American death to result from the CIA 's drone campaign . After the 2002 U.S. drone strike , there was no reported U.S. airstrikes or drone attacks in Yemen until December 2009 , when a sustained campaign of attacks began . That change came about because al Qaeda 's Yemen-based affiliate , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  , has over the past three years attempted a number of terrorist attacks against the United States , launching it from relative obscurity to the top of the U.S. government 's list of national security threats . In a statement posted on jihadist websites in December 28 , 2009 , AQAP claimed responsibility for the attempted "  underwear bomb " attack on a Detroit-bound passenger airliner three days earlier . And in November 2010 , the group claimed responsibility for a plot to send two packages containing bombs hidden in printer cartridges to two Chicago synagogues . The packages were discovered in the United Kingdom and Dubai after Saudi officials provided a tip about the plot . In July 2011 , Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta said the United States was "  within reach of strategically defeating al Qaeda , " and that he believed of all al Qaeda affiliates , AQAP posed the greatest threat to the U.S. homeland . Al Qaeda in Yemen advertises for Western recruits Counting drone attacks and airstrikes in Yemen is complicated because it has often been unclear whether attacks were launched from drones or from fighter jets , and villagers regularly provide conflicting accounts of the kinds of aircraft used in these attacks . To make data collection on these strikes even more difficult , diplomatic cables released by the transparency watchdog site WikiLeaks revealed that the Yemeni government has sometimes taken credit for airstrikes that were in fact being carried out by the United States . According to one cable , then-Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh told then-Gen . David Petraeus in January 2010 , "  We 'll continue saying the bombs are ours , not yours , " after which Deputy Prime Minister Rashad al-Alimi joked that he had just "  lied " to the Yemeni Parliament about the American role in such strikes . During the Obama administration , U.S. drones have killed at least 16 key al Qaeda militants in Yemen , including the Yemeni-American cleric Anwar al-Awlaki on September 30 , 2011 , and Fahd al-Quso who was suspected of involvement in the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole . While the covert drone war is claiming a fast-rising toll , it 's not clear it is significantly weakening AQAP . Gregory D. Johnsen , a leading expert on Yemen at Princeton University , points out that al Qaeda 's Yemeni affiliate has grown in size during the past three years from around 200 to 300 militants to more than 1,000 fighters and "  controls significant portions of territory in southern Yemen . In parts of Abyan and Shabwa provinces , the organization controls towns in which it has established its own police departments and court systems . It is providing water , electricity and services to these towns . In short , AQAP now sees itself as the de facto government in the areas under its control . " Since the longtime Yemeni strongman Saleh stepped down in February , the American drone strikes and airstrikes have increased . In just three months , the United States launched an estimated 20 strikes . By comparison , there were just 18 attacks in the previous two years . Johnsen asks : "  What happens if this ` missile surge ' does n't work ? What happens next ? Does the U.S. fire more and more missiles in the hopes that it will reach a tipping point ? " Given the Obama administration 's embrace of drone strikes , the answer to that question seems likely to be : Yes . ________ Here is a list of the key al Qaeda militants who have been killed in U.S. drone attacks in Yemen during the Obama administration , according to data compiled by the New America Foundation from reliable news reports : -- January 15 , 2010 : Qassem al-Raymi , top military chief for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . -- January 15 , 2010 : Ayed Al Shabwani , the chief of AQAP 's operations in Maarib province . -- January 15 , 2010 : Ammar al-Waeli , who was accused of involvement in a July 2007 suicide bombing that killed eight Spanish tourists and two Yemenis -- January 15 , 2010 : Abu Ayman , an Egyptian militant who is believed to have spent time in Afghanistan . -- March 14 , 2010 : Jamil Nasser Abdullah al-Ambari , believed to be the leader of al Qaeda in southern Abyan province . -- July 14 , 2011 : Hadi Mohammad Ali , militant commander in Abyan province . -- August 1 , 2011 : Naser al-Shadadi , leading al Qaeda militant . -- September 30 , 2011 : Anwar al-Awlaki , radical Yemeni-American cleric . -- September 30 , 2011 : Samir Khan , founder of AQAP 's English-language magazine Inspire -- October 14 , 2011 : Ibrahim al-Bana , AQAP 's media chief . -- December 23 , 2011 : Abdulrahman al-Wuhayshi , brother of AQAP leader Nasser al-Wuhayshi . -- March 9 , 2012 : Abdulwahhab al-Homaiqani , local AQAP leader in Bayda province . -- March 13 , 2012 : Nasser al-Zafari , local AQAP leader in Bayda province . -- April 22 , 2012 : Mohammed al-Umda , fourth most-wanted al Qaeda militant in Yemen , who was convicted in 2005 of an attack on the Limburg oil tanker in 2002 . -- May 6 , 2012 : Fahd al-Quso , who was on the FBI 's most-wanted list for his role in the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole . -- May 10 , 2012 : "  Jallad , " who was in charge of armaments for AQAP fighters .	U.S. drone attacks in Yemen have n't received as much attention as in Pakistan Dozens of airstrikes have killed hundreds , mostly AQAP terrorists , the authors say In April , White House approved policy for even more aggressive campaign of drone strikes A Yemen expert says the strikes have n't dented AQAP 's overall strength
London  CNN  -- Some samples of designer Marc Jacobs ' fashions for next year disappeared on the way from Paris to London by train this week , forcing the company to cancel Thursday 's press day in London , the company said . "  The Marc Jacobs PR team is sorry to inform you that our press day tomorrow in the Marc Jacobs store is canceled , due to the theft of the spring/summer 2012 collections during its transfer from Paris , " the company said in an e-mail sent Wednesday to fashion publications . Fashion editors attend the press days to see samples they 'll use for photo shoots as part of their coverage of what 's coming to stores in the future . A highly placed source in the Jacobs company , who asked not to be identified , said the apparent theft was not unusual for the fashion business . Contrary to some reports , only a part of the collection is missing , the source said . Paris police said they have not been contacted to investigate . CNN 's Alina Cho and Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	Missing Marc Jacobs samples force London press day cancellation Garments disappeared from Paris-to-London train , company says Fashions are part of Jacobs ' spring/summer 2012 collection
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Along with his band The Stooges , Iggy Pop invented punk rock and his outrageous onstage antics have inspired countless wannabes . After years of excess , the ` Godfather of Punk ' moved to Miami in search of peace . CNN 's travel show My City , My Life caught up with him to talk about music , inspiration and life in his favorite city Miami . Iggy Pop : "  Do n't look now but that guy is going to try and carjack your rental car ! " CNN : What made you move to Miami ? Iggy Pop : I was fed up after 25 years in huge , dark , media-centric cities . I decided to find a house and move here . I was looking for something in a kind of elegant coma with a lot of peace and convenience . CNN : Is Miami similar to you as a person ? IP : Miami is nothing like me and that 's why I need to be here -- it 's the opposite . I 'm practical , where this place is moody , I 'm stolid in my interior where this place has a certain flair and I 'm materialistic in a sense that this place is fundamentally spiritual -- there 's a quicksilver quality about this place . CNN : How would you describe Miami 's personality ? IP : Miami 's a hell of a good town to eat a banana ! CNN : What do you do when you need writing inspiration for your music ? IP : I need to feel good . When I was 20 , 21 years old , it meant three or four joints and then went from there . Now , I usually get it after exercise or from nature , sometimes from a woman or a city . I get it from a good song or a great book . Something I like to do a lot is just sit by water when there 's a current and just stare into the water . I do n't fish , I do n't hunt , I do n't scuba , I do n't spear , do n't boat , do n't play basketball or football -- I excel at staring into space . I 'm really good at that . It helps the writing a little bit , the kind of writing that works for music , which is tiny writing . It 's not like writing a novel -- it 's all about making your point small . CNN : What do you most love about Miami ? IP : I love what was here before any of the people - the puffy clouds , the forgiving quality of the light , the breeze that renews life and hints at freedom , and the sea . It 's somewhere you can look out and just see things stop . Second only to the sea the Miami sky has been the greatest comfort in my life past 50 . On a good day , when the wind blows from the south , the light here is diffuse and forgiving . See photos of Iggy in Miami . " CNN : If you were an estate agent , how would you sell Miami ? IP : I 'd say : "  you 've done your time up north , you 've got your medal ; now come down to Miami and heal yourself . " CNN : If you were trying to put people off Miami , what would you tell them ? IP : I 'd say : "  Do n't look now but that guy is going to try and carjack your rental car ! " CNN : Is Miami a poor cousin to New York or LA ? IP : Miami 's not anybody 's poor cousin . It 's an aspiration to live in this town , not something you have to do to promote yourself like some of the larger cities . CNN : What 's the stereotype of Miami and is it correct ? IP : It 's changing rapidly but , more than anything else , it has always been associated with retirement and indolence in equal proportions . Miami 's reputation is probably a little low brow , which is changing . CNN : How have the changes in Miami affected you ? IP : Miami is growing and that 's always a tricky proposition . Basically , I 'm one of those characters who like to lurk where not too many people are , so the effect on me has been to push me bit by bit like an Indian tribe , closer and closer to the edges of town , which is fine . CNN : How has Miami influenced you as an artist ? IP : Miami has given me 11 very good years now and has prolonged my abilities and energies , and provoked my good humor enough that I could continue in my field . But it 's not a place to come to get an idea . Come here to catch a fish ! CNN : What is the music like in Miami ? IP : It 's a very musical town and it 's full of some of the best musicians you 'll find anywhere in any genre -- soul , Latin , pop , salsa . There are some damn good rock players down here . There are a lot of good little punk bands here -- little punkers with good little attitudes . It 's a very musical place and I kind of like that it puts rock and roll in perspective . It 's not the biggest or only thing here and I do n't think it ever should have been . CNN : If Miami was a person , who would it be ? IP : It would be Rudolf Valentino , because it 's dark and moody , with a brilliant and sensual side , and it captures and inflames the imagination of a great deal of the western world . CNN : How would you describe Miami in one sentence ? IP : Miami 's a sunny place for shady people !	Iggy Pop says he moved to Miami in search of peace and convenience He is "  one of those characters who like to lurk where not too many people are " He says he gets inspiration from "  exercise , nature , a woman or a city " Miami is "  dark and moody , with a brilliant and sensual side , " he says
It sounds like an episode from a 1980s TV police drama : A wealthy businessman claims he was framed for two Miami murders allegedly ordered by Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar . Nearly 30 years ago , international food importer and newspaper owner Krishna "  Kris " Maharaj , a British citizen , was living the good life in South Florida . He had owned luxury cars and horses that raced against thoroughbreds held by Queen Elizabeth II . Then , in October 1986 , police arrested Maharaj in the shooting deaths of his business partners Derrick Moo Young and his 23-year-old son Duane . Despite having an alibi , Maharaj was charged with murdering the Moo Youngs because they allegedly had cheated him out of more than $ 400,000 . He was found guilty and sentenced to death -- a penalty that was later reduced to life in prison . And there Maharaj has remained for 27 years . Then , in April this year , a Florida judge granted Maharaj a chance that could open the door to freedom . Florida 11th Judicial Circuit Judge William Thomas held a hearing in November to determine if new evidence from Maharaj 's lawyers "  undermines confidence in the verdict , " according to court documents . Defense attorneys also must establish that the new "  evidence would probably produce an acquittal or less severe sentence on retrial . " Maharaj 's lawyers said evidence suggests that the murders were committed by former members of Escobar 's infamous drug cartel . In the late 1970s and early '80s , Escobar cashed in on the exploding popularity of cocaine in the United States , according to reporter Mark Bowden , author of "  Killing Pablo . " Leading the Medellin Cartel , Escobar was responsible at one point for almost 80 % of Colombia 's cocaine exports , making him the seventh richest man in the world , Bowden told CNN . Escobar was killed in a rooftop shootout with authorities in 1993 . According to a motion filed in January by Maharaj 's attorneys , a "  Colombian drug cartel member confirmed that the Moo Young murders were committed at the behest of Pablo Escobar . " "  The Moo Youngs were laundering money for the Colombian cartels , " the defense motion said . "  This is what precipitated their murders . " An ex-cartel member confirmed that "  Maharaj was not involved in the murders of the Moo Youngs , and that they had to be eliminated because they had lost Colombian drug money , " according to the defense motion . "  We 've got several Colombian cartel people to say , ` We did the murders , ' " Maharaj defense attorney Clive Stafford Smith told CNN on the phone in June . Read the full defense motion document The defense team also alleges Florida prosecutors covered up evidence in the 1987 trial that could have proved Maharaj 's innocence . Although prosecutors said they stand by the decades-old case , in a June e-mail to CNN , a state attorney spokesman wrote , "  Now that we are re-engaged in litigation on this matter , it would be inappropriate for us to be commenting at this time . " Prior to the hearing , strongly worded arguments flew back and forth via filed court documents . In January Assistant State Attorneys Penny Brill and Sally Weintraub wrote that a defense motion for the new hearing was based on "  hearsay and inadmissible evidence . " "  None of -LSB- the potential witnesses named in the defense motion -RSB- have any first hand knowledge , provide no admissible testimony or evidence and only attempt to further the nonsensical and wholly speculative theories of the defense , " the prosecution document said . "  The only thing that is obvious to anyone who really looks at these fantastical allegations by the defendant is that they are empty and have no substance , " wrote the prosecutors . Read the full prosecution document Now aged 75 , Maharaj has been in poor health , Smith said , although he seems to have improved . "  When we got this hearing , and when we started learning about these Colombian witnesses who were corroborating his innocence , Kris really cheered up , " said Smith . "  I think he 's now trying to walk more and not use his wheel chair and so forth . " Local TV news video at the November hearing showed Maharaj in the courtroom appearing upbeat . He offered a thumbs-up to family members and other supporters . Defense attorney Ben Kuehne said the "  circumstances of this crime were not as presented to the jury by the prosecution , " reported Miami TV station WTVJ . Prosecutor Brill reportedly countered , "  I have n't heard one thing from the defense that indicates that this is admissible evidence . " In the wake of the hearing , Judge Thomas is expected to set a court date when he could issue a ruling . But the odds are stacked against Maharaj . The burden of proof is high . Florida 's Supreme Court has already upheld his conviction . Derrick Moo Young 's daughter was asked in 2007 about continued efforts to exonerate Maharaj . "  It 's all been hashed out before , " she told the Miami Herald . "  It 's a waste of tax dollars . " Prosecutors ' evidence against Maharaj is significant . Police found Maharaj 's fingerprints in the guest room at Miami 's Dupont Plaza hotel where the shootings occurred . Maharaj says he was there for a meeting , but he departed before the Moo Youngs were killed . Nineteen fingerprints found at the crime scene have never been identified , according to the defense motion . Maharaj told CNN 's "  Death Row Stories " that he left the hotel and drove 25 miles to Fort Lauderdale to have lunch with one of his newspaper employees . The employee signed an affidavit as an alibi witness . The restaurant manager , Ron Kisch , told "  Death Row Stories , " he remembered seeing Maharaj having lunch that day . "  It does n't seem like there 's any way possible that he could have killed people at 12 o'clock and then been in for lunch sometime between 12 and 2 , " Kisch said . Five other witnesses came forward saying Maharaj was with them on the day of the murders , "  Death Row Stories " reported . Across the hall from the murder scene at the time of the killings , said the defense team , was a Colombian hotel guest named Vallejo Mejia . Police briefly questioned Mejia at the time , according to defense documents . He was a "  longtime money launderer who was frequently in Miami , " the documents said . More recently , defense lawyers said in the documents , they had been "  able to establish that -LSB- Mejia -RSB- was a senior cartel operative . " During his entire imprisonment , Maharaj 's wife Marita has been working to keep her husband 's confidence high , said Smith . It 's important to her that Maharaj believes he will eventually be exonerated . "  She is his rock , " Smith said . "  They talk every day on the phone ... and she goes to see him every Sunday . " Earlier this year , Marita wrote in the New Statesman , "  I pretend to myself that Kris is traveling . When I have five minutes on the phone with him in the evening , I pretend to myself that he is talking to me from a trip , not from a cell . " Smith sees Maharaj quite often lately at a medium security correctional facility outside Miami . Authorities allow them to sit together at a table in a largely empty room with a guard watching nearby . "  I do n't think there 's a case that 's quite as absolute as Kris ' , " said Smith . "  I mean we 've got an alibi -- we 've got everything . It 's just really shocking . " Smith admits he 's become "  obsessed " with freeing his client -- partially because of guilt . "  I 've represented the guy for 20 years and I failed him . And it really makes you think , ` How on Earth could you lose a case like this ? ' " Virtually penniless , Maharaj faces financial challenges as well as health issues . "  If he gets out , he 'll probably go back to Britain and set up another business , " said Smith . "  Kris is fairly unstoppable . "	After 27 years in prison , lawyers claim new evidence could free ex-millionaire Kris Maharaj 's lawyers say he was framed for a drug-money hit ordered by Pablo Escobar Prosecutors say Maharaj shot and killed a father and son in a Miami hotel
Sunset  -- Listen to the ocean from your room in one of these lesser-known coastal inns in the West . Two Harbors hides out on the quiet side of Catalina Island , California . TWO HARBORS , Catalina Island , California On the far side of Catalina , away from the main town of Avalon , is Two Harbors , a tiny boaters ' haven that feels like an island on the island . Check in : For all the isolation , you do n't have to rough it here . In addition to boat-in and walk-in campgrounds , Two Harbors has the Banning House Lodge in the vacation home of Catalina 's onetime owners . All 12 rooms have views of the harbor . From $ 128 Explore : At Two Harbors , you can snorkel through swaying kelp beds and kayak to hidden coves . Steep trails lead into the Catalina backcountry . Or just stroll across the isthmus and look out over the Pacific : next stop , Hawaii , 2,500 miles away . -- Matthew Jaffe . Sunset.com : 13 great California fall trips ROCKWATER SECRET COVE RESORT , Near Halfmoon Bay , British Columbia This ragged stretch of the Sunshine Coast is so unspoiled and awe-inspiring , it 's sometimes hard to imagine that anyone but a bald eagle or two has been here before you . Check in : Wooden walkways meander through the forest where the resort 's 13 roomy , light-filled , adults-only canvas tent suites -- with fluffy king-size duvets and tubs for two -- perch above the blue water . Each suite has a deck -- and views to inspire castaway fantasies . From $ 315 U.S. through October 12 Explore : At Rockwater 's Spa Without Walls , treatments are on a platform at the water 's edge with stunning views . Horseback riding , bocce ball , croquet , and beach volleyball , will tempt you to stay on the property , but make time to explore the ocean by kayak . Horseback rides $ 52 U.S. for 90 minutes ; sea kayaking $ 57.20 U.S. for half-day . -- Deana Lancaster . Sunset.com : Modern beach style CAMA BEACH STATE PARK RESORT , Camano Island , Washington Washington State Parks resuscitated this beloved cluster of '30s - era cabins set between forest and sea last year , and ever since , it 's been a go-to destination for anyone seeking a taste of the simple life . Walk the beach or tootle around Saratoga Passage in a vintage rowboat . After dark , toast marshmallows around a beach bonfire with other adventurers lucky enough to have scored one of the 33 cabins . Finally , hunker down under the covers while Puget Sound sings you to sleep . Check in : Splurge on a two-bedroom bungalow for $ 129 a night . Save by checking into a standard cabin for $ 45 a night . Save more after October 15 , when cabins start at $ 23 a night . Two-night weekend minimum Explore : Seattle 's Center for Wooden Boats has a new location , at Cama Beach . Rent a cute boat to explore the Sound -- fisherman 's sweater and pipe not included . Closed Mon-Tue ; rowboats $ 20 per hour ; 360/387 -9361 . -- Jenny Cunningham COAST GUARD HOUSE HISTORIC INN , Point Arena , California Atop a bluff and offering nose-bleed views of the major highway for gray whales -- aka the Pacific Ocean -- is this Cape Cod-style seaside estate from 1901 , with slatted ceilings , vintage photographs , and piles of firewood near the basement . Check in : It 's hard to shake the Agatha Christie vibe at the windswept inn , what with the grandfather clock ominously stopped at 4:20 , a house dog named Winston , and a Friday-night wine and cheese party where you meet the other suspects , ahem , guests . Two cottages and four rooms are shipshape cozy . From $ 165 , breakfast included ; two-night weekend minimum Explore : Tiny Point Arena is n't exactly booming , but nearby are sand dunes , pocket beaches , the Point Arena Light Station , and the great Pinots of Anderson Valley . -- Christine Richard . Sunset.com : Tour Pacific Grove by bike COAST CABINS , Manzanita , Oregon If Goldilocks were a beach girl , Manzanita would be the town on Oregon 's northern coast she 'd find "  just right . " Not too swanky , not too tacky . A bakery , wine bar , organic clothing store , and spa are all worthy indulgences , but you 've got to see the beach first : seven wide-open miles of sand , big boomy waves , and poetry-worthy sunsets . Check in : A group of "  cabins " in name only , this Zen-like retreat is set in a bamboo grove a couple of blocks from the beach , with private outdoor spas , sculptural firepits , and heated floors . From $ 165 Explore : Tear around the packed sand on a "  fun cycle , " a recumbent tricycle that appeals to the kid in all of us . Manzanita Bikes & Boards ; closed Mon ; $ 8 per hour ; 503/368 -3337 . -- J.C. BLACK ROCK OCEANFRONT RESORT , Ucluelet , Vancouver Island , B.C. . The luxurious new Black Rock Oceanfront Resort is a curving sweep of glass , steel , and wood beside the rain forest and above a surge channel that boasts the best storm-watching in the West . Check in : Each room comes decked out with a fireplace , balcony , and flat-screen TV -- not that you 'll need it . What 's really worth watching here is the view out the floor-to-ceiling windows . Feeling restless ? Switch it up by taking in the view from one of the spa 's outdoor hot pools . Storm-watching season starts mid-November . From $ 237 U.S. Explore : The Wild Pacific Trail skirts rocky cliffs and meanders through dense old-growth rain forest to reveal dramatic vistas of the moody , tossing surf . -- D.L. PAIA INN HOTEL , Paia , Hawaii Paia , Maui 's North Shore surfer outpost , is the refreshing antithesis of the sprawling resorts on the island 's south side . Check in : At the center of "  downtown " Paia , this newly renovated five-room inn manages to be both casual-beachy  hand-scrawled notes in your room from the staff ; body boards you 're welcome to borrow  and big-city chic  high-thread-count sheets ; flat-screen TVs  . You 're 200 yards from the beach , two steps to town , and -- best of all -- miles from the masses . From $ 169 Explore : Mama 's Fish House for just-caught ono and four-star service surrounded by palm trees and the pristine Pacific . $ $ $ $ ; 808/579 -8488 . -- Rachel Levin TIMBER COVE INN , Sonoma Coast , California A narrow ribbon of road clings , against all odds , to a grassy slope that plummets into the Pacific along this overlooked coastline with views to infinity . Check in : It always had the million-dollar spot on a solitary rocky point above the waves , and its rugged lodge look and soaring lounge have n't changed . But with new ownership and a cash infusion , Timber Cove has shed its swinging '70s decor and gone for a more streamlined , romantic look . Private decks are perfect for whale-watching and sharing a Sonoma Coast Pinot . From $ 169 Explore : Pull off at Salt Point State Park to ramble by wild-colored succulents and alien rock formations carved by the sea . $ 7 per vehicle -- Lisa Trottier CASS HOUSE INN AND RESTAURANT , Cayucos , California The small surf town of Cayucos has remained miraculously immune to over-development for decades , despite its great wines to the east and white sandy beaches to the west . The elaborate breakfast  included !  is nearly as good as chef Jensen Lorenzen 's seasonally inspired dinner  if it 's on the evening menu , the oxtail soup is a must  . But the best part about the 1800s Cass House ? That would be twin sisters Grace Lorenzen  the innkeeper  and Carla Wingett  groundskeeper  , who manage the organic garden and the five impeccably turned-out guestrooms . From $ 165 Explore : With sand dunes climbing hundreds of feet above miles-long beaches and eucalyptus-lined hiking trails , the Montaña de Oro park  a 25-minute drive away  is a must . -- Jaimal Yogis AVILA LIGHTHOUSE SUITES , Avila Beach , California Remember those beach vacations you took with your parents back in the day ? Sandy motel floors , over-chlorinated pools , and too much junk food ? Tiny Avila Beach , smack at the midway point of California 's Central Coast , is that throwback beach town , upgraded for your new , adult standards . Check in : Yes , kids love the pool , the giant chess game , even the putt-putt golf green , but lush landscaping , a location to die for  the motel is maybe 10 steps from the beach  , and 54 large guest suites with low-key nautical decor and mini kitchens make the grown-ups giddy too . From $ 229 Explore : Avila Beach is tailor-made for strolling around in your flip-flops eating ice cream . But if you tire of that , take a docent-led 3.5-mile hike on Pecho Coast Trail  9 a.m. Sat ; free , reservations required  to Point San Luis Lighthouse  $ 5  . -- Samantha Schoech Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2004-2009 Sunset magazine . All rights reserved .	Two Harbors on Catalina Island has boat-in and walk-in campgrounds and a lodge Coast Cabins in Oregon offers private outdoor spas and sculptural firepits Paia Inn Hotel in Hawaii combines casual-beachy style with big-city chic
CNN  -- A Chicago , Illinois , nightclub accused of barring six African-American students last week will participate in a rally against discrimination late next month , the senior class president of Missouri 's Washington University said Wednesday . Fernando Cutz , 21 , said the group and Original Mother 's in Chicago 's Gold Coast neighborhood had reached an agreement that would also see the nightclub sponsoring four fundraisers and its managers attend diversity training classes . "  What we are looking to do is to turn this negative into a positive , " the text of Cutz 's remarks said . "  To make sure that all of us learn from what happened to these six students in Chicago 10 days ago and that we move forward , together , in a productive manner . ... "  We would also like to show that the best way of fighting discrimination can be by reaching out and extending a helpful hand to those who need it , " Cutz said at a news conference . The club has also agreed to a private apology to the six students and a public apology to the senior class , which was in Chicago for a two-day class trip . The students complained to state and federal agencies after six African-American members from their senior class trip celebration were denied admission to the club on October 17 . Bar personnel cited dress code violations -- specifically baggy jeans -- in barring the African-American students , Cutz said . At one point , a white student and a black student exchanged jeans to see what would happen . The white student was admitted while his classmate still was kept outside , Cutz said . After the students ' news conference , an attorney representing the club said the bar would be working with the students to fight discrimination and will issue an apology because they had a bad experience at Mother 's . But Brad Grayson said the club does not believe it discriminated against the group . "  There was no intention to admit white kids with baggy jeans and exclude black kids with baggy jeans , " he told the Chicago Tribune newspaper . In his remarks Wednesday , Cutz said the students wanted to avoid being "  caught up in the hype " of the situation and "  forget the values that we are truly fighting for . " Mother 's representatives will speak at the rally , which will be held in in Chicago in late November , he said . The celebration at Original Mother 's had been arranged with the bar in advance by the student class board , which includes two of the African-American students who later were denied entry , Cutz said . He said he was already inside the bar with some 200 other students , none of whom are African-American , when the first group of African-American classmates arrived . Cutz said he quickly learned that the manager of the bar had denied the six students entry , and he said the manager told the students their baggy pants violated the bar 's dress code . Cutz , who is white , said he confronted the manager . "  These six -LSB- students -RSB- were better-dressed than I was , " Cutz told CNN . He told the students to "  go back to the hotel and change . " But the manager of the bar stepped in to say that he had made his decision and that the six men could not return to the bar even if they changed clothes , Cutz said . The students became "  more agitated " and "  set up an experiment , " Cutz said . Class Treasurer Regis Murayi , who is black , exchanged jeans with a white student , Jordan Roberts , who -- being 3 inches shorter than Murayi -- looked "  substantially baggy . " Roberts approached the same manager who had turned away the African-American students , paid the entry fee and was allowed in , Cutz said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Ross Leavitt contributed to this report .	Club accused of barring black Washington University students from entering Senior class president says bar will participate in rally Managers will be sent to diversity training Students want to "  turn this negative into a positive , " president says
CNN  -- Security forces rescued a U.S. citizen from the Taliban on Sunday during an operation in eastern Afghanistan , officials said . Dr. Dilip Joseph was kidnapped Wednesday by insurgents in Kabul province , the NATO-led International Assistance Security Force said in statement . He was believed to be in imminent danger of injury or death , which is why Gen. John Allen , commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan , ordered the mission . "  Today 's mission exemplifies our unwavering commitment to defeating the Taliban , " Allen said in a statement . "  I 'm proud of the American and Afghan forces that planned , rehearsed and successfully conducted this operation . Thanks to them , Dr. Joseph will soon be rejoining his family and loved ones . " Further information on Joseph , including his hometown , was not immediately available .	Dilip Joseph was abducted on Wednesday in Kabul province He was believed to be in imminent danger of injury or death
EW.com  -- FX has greenlit a single-camera pilot called "  The Comedians " that will star Billy Crystal as a veteran joke-teller who is paired with a younger and edgier performer for a late-night sketch show . The pilot , which will begin shooting this summer , is based on a Swedish format of the same name from Stockholm-based Efti AB . ` Zombieland ' pilot dead at Amazon , fans ` hated it out of existence ' Larry Charles  "  Seinfeld "  will direct and executive produce the pilot . Other EPS are Matt Nix  "  Burn Notice "  , Ben Wexler  "  Community , " "  Arrested Development "  and Crystal . ` Friday Night Lights ' creator Peter Berg to direct , produce HBO pilot "  It truly is an honor to be in business with Billy Crystal and Larry Charles , two of the all-time greats in comedy , " said FX 's John Landgraf in a statement . "  We have also wanted for some time to be in business with Matt Nix , who has done such an amazing job creating and running ` Burn Notice . ' They , along with Ben Wexler , are an unbeatable team and we 're incredibly excited about this project . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	FX has greenlit a comedy pilot that will star Billy Crystal He 'll play a veteran comic who 's paired with a younger , edgier performer on a sketch show The pilot is expected to begin production this summer
Syria 's prime minister defected Monday , becoming the latest among high-profile politicians and leaders to leave the embattled regime of Bashar al-Assad . "  I announce today my defection from the killing and terrorist regime and I announce that I have joined the ranks of the freedom and dignity revolution . I announce that I am from today a soldier in this blessed revolution , " Riyad Hijab said in a written statement read by a Syrian opposition official on Al Jazeera . CNN Inside Syria Analysts described Hijab 's departure as a significant symbolic blow for al-Assad 's government but noted that the former prime minister had been on the job for only a few months . Al-Assad appointed Hijab prime minister in June , a month after parliamentary elections that were boycotted by supporters of those seeking to oust al-Assad . "  In short , this is n't going to bring a lot of insight into what Assad is thinking or doing . It is certainly embarrassing and does some damage to regime , " said David Hartwell , a senior analyst of Islamic Affairs at Jane 's . "  But all indications are that Hijab was probably kept in the dark . This was n't a man who had Assad 's ear . Assad appointed him just a few months ago . He was essentially just another Cabinet member without much power at all . " Hijab was tasked with creating a new Cabinet for al-Assad 's regime . Opposition leaders said Hijab had defected , while Syrian state television said al-Assad dismissed Hijab from his post Monday . Syrian Information Minister Omran al-Zoubi said officials had n't "  heard anything from the former prime minister , " according to the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency The information minister also "  said that fleeing and leaving one 's post in an illegitimate manner is an evasion of responsibility and shows lack of political and national awareness , " the news agency reported . In July , one of Syria 's most senior diplomats -- Nawaf al-Fares -- defected , publicly embraced his country 's uprising and called for a foreign military intervention . Al-Fares was Syria 's ambassador to Iraq . Manaf Tlas , a Sunni general in Syria 's elite Republican Guards , also defected last month . Tlas is the son of a former defense minister and a cousin of a first lieutenant in al-Assad 's army . Also Monday , the Turkish news agency Anadolu reported that Syria 's first man in space -- astronaut Mohammad Ahmad Faris , who flew on a 1987 Soviet space mission -- crossed into Turkey last weekend and proclaimed his support for opposition forces . Hijab , like al-Fares and Tlas , is a Sunni who served in a power structure dominated by the Alawite minority , an offshoot of Shiism . "  If strategically Hajib 's defection means very little , it does have symbolic significance , " said David Schenker , the director of the Program on Arab Politics at The Washington Institute . "  The more Sunnis who split off at this high level , the more it will encourage other Sunnis in their attitudes toward the regime . " Opposition leaders hailed the news of Hijab 's defection . Syrian forces deploy heavy weapons in Aleppo "  We consider the defection to be what is morally right and what is called for at this historic time , " said Abdulbaset Sieda , head of the Syrian National Council . "  This is a killer and criminal regime , and at this historic moment , there should be no further hesitation . It is imperative to stand by the people of Syria now . " There were conflicting reports about the whereabouts of Hijab . A Syrian opposition official , Muhammad el-Etri , told CNN that Hijab had defected , was "  in a country neighboring Syria " and would be heading to Qatar "  sometime soon . " George Sabra , a spokesman for the opposition Syrian National Council , said Hijab fled Syria overnight and arrived with his family in Jordan . Jordanian government spokesman Samih Maaytah said Hijab had not entered the country 's territories , according to state television . But a senior Jordanian official told CNN that Hijab had defected to Jordan and was with his family . Government officials announced Hijab 's sacking after officials discovered he had left Syria , el-Etri said . The former prime minister escaped Syria with the help of the rebel Free Syrian Army , el-Etri said , adding that the plan to defect had been in the works for two months . "  The flight of some personalities , however high-ranking , wo n't affect the Syrian state , " state-run SANA said Monday , citing the country 's information minister . Meanwhile , fighting raged in Aleppo , Syria 's most populous city . Snipers fired from the roofs of buildings and artillery fire rang out in the besieged neighborhood of Salaheddin . CNN 's Ben Wedeman said drivers had to dodge piles of rubble in the streets . Residents evacuating to safer neighborhoods left their homes with all the belongings they could carry , he said . An elderly man , carrying a briefcase and a bag full of jam , said he was leaving the neighborhood to move in with his daughter . "  What kind of leader does this to his own people ? " the man said as he left his home . A dark plume of smoke rose in the air near Aleppo 's ancient citadel . At least one rebel-controlled neighborhood was notably calmer , Wedeman said . Shops and bakeries were open , and residents walked the streets . Clashes raged for hours at various spots near the city center , some close to the presidential palace , said Bashir Al-Hajji , a spokesman for a Free Syrian Army brigade in Aleppo . As rebels scrambled to fend off regime forces in Aleppo , fighting was reported in other parts of Syria . At least 161 people were killed in fighting across the country Monday , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . The deaths included 54 people killed in fighting and the discovery of 20 bodies in Aleppo , the group said . At Syrian rebels ' funeral , children weep CNN can not independently confirm reports of violence , as the government has severely restricted access to Syria by international journalists . There were reports of a bombing Monday inside the Syrian state-run TV building in Damascus , the latest in a series of attacks to rock the nation 's capital city as Syrian rebels and government forces battle for control of the country . There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the blast . "  There are some injuries , but Syrian media will continue to broadcast , " the Ministry of Information said on state-run TV . Three Iranian prisoners were killed in the Damascus suburbs during heavy shelling Monday , according to the LCC . The opposition network did not provide additional details . State media reported over the weekend that "  armed terrorists " had attacked and kidnapped 48 Iranian Shiite pilgrims on a bus near the capital . Roughly 17,000 people have been killed since the Syrian conflict first flared in March 2011 , when government forces began cracking down on protesters , Ban said last month . The opposition put the toll at more than 20,000 . Complete coverage : Unrest in Syria	Opposition reports at least 161 deaths in fighting across the country Monday "  The flight of some personalities " wo n't affect Syria , state news agency says Analysts say Riyad Hijab 's departure is a symbolic blow for Syria 's government An official says Hijab will head to Qatar "  sometime soon "
Boulder , Colorado  CNN  -- From Earth , the sun appears as a constant circle of light , but when viewed in space a brilliant display of motion is revealed . Flares that light up the galaxy and eruptions that can be as large as 30 times the Earth 's surface occur regularly . During the peak of the 11-year solar cycle , these events can happen several times a day . The flares and eruptions are collectively known as space weather and although they create dazzling visuals in space , it is n't just a harmless fireworks show for the galaxy . Each burst of energy can have a disrupting effect on systems we rely on every day . With their headquarters next to the Rocky Mountains in the state of Colorado , a team of forecasters aims to minimize that impact . "  The Space Weather Prediction Center  SWPC  essentially watches the sun , watches for activity on the sun originating from sun spots , " explains Bob Rutledge , Forecast Office lead . "  That 's really where the magnetic fields of the sun poke through the surface and kind of hold that part of the surface in place allowing it to cool -- that 's why it appears dark . " Gas rolls up and down the sun 's outer layer , similar to the bubbles in boiling water . When the magnetic field around a sun spot breaks , magnetic energy explodes in the solar atmosphere like a pot boiling over . The size and position of sun spots can give forecasters a clue as to when or where a solar flare may bubble up . They produce daily forecasts that are important to the industries most vulnerable . "  Space weather can have a variety of impacts across many different customer bases -- commercial aviation , precision GPS use , power grid operations -- all these are really critical , " says Rutledge . Read this : Capturing the cosmos -- stunning photos of the night sky The sun is currently at its "  solar maximum " -- the point in its cycle where it is at peak activity -- but the SWPC says that activity is modest compared to recent cycles . Nonetheless , last week the center reported that the sun had produced a "  moderate-level " solar flare , which had "  short-lived impacts to high frequency radio communications on the sunlit side of Earth . " Solar flares can send blasts of radiation through space that can interfere with satellites and even harm astronauts during spacewalks . "  So when an eruption happens -- when we have that flash of light , those radio waves -- that takes eight minutes to get from the sun to the Earth . So as soon as we start the measurement , it 's already affecting the sunlit side of the Earth , " explains Rutledge . Innovations in spacecraft by NASA are showing us some of the best images of the sun we 've ever seen -- giving us a clearer picture and hopefully a better understanding of space weather . But there is still much mystery to the 4.5 billion-year-old star and the emissions that are blasted through space , so scientists and forecasters will continue to watch every movement . Read this : Capturing the cosmos -- stunning photos of the night sky Mars Curiosity : Take a look under the hood Watch : Zero gravity training with NASA	Space Weather Prediction Center watches skies for solar activity Coronal mass ejections can disrupt satellites and power grids The sun is at its "  solar maximum " -- but its activity is described as "  modest "
New York  CNN  -- Like so many other people of my generation , John Lennon and the Beatles made an indelible stamp on my life . The very first piece of vinyl I actually owned -- and had n't borrowed from my older brother -- was the album "  Help ! " To this day , I can remember at the age of 8 dropping the needle on the disc and hearing Lennon 's voice roar through the 10-inch speaker on my record player . The Beatles had a profound influence on me . They 're the reason why I picked up a guitar , formed a band at age 11 and dreamed of a life as a rock star . Fast-forward 16 years to December 8 , 1980 . At the time , I was a music journalist for City TV in Toronto , Canada , hosting "  The New Music " program . Just a couple of weeks earlier , we had reported on Lennon 's comeback with the album "  Double Fantasy , " which marked his re-emergence after five years out of the music business as a self-proclaimed "  househusband . " We were actively working with his record company , trying to set up an interview for a future edition of the program . I was not far from my 24th birthday when the telephone rang on that December day around 11:30 p.m. . It was my executive producer , John Martin . "  Lennon has been shot , "  he said , "  and we need to do a special . " Tell us where you were when Lennon died It was one of those moments where time seems to slow down and the mind considers a hundred questions before finally settling on the truth : How could he have been shot ? Are the reports mistaken ? Who would do such a thing ? How could we lose such a pop culture icon ? Did n't he just turn 40 ? Did n't he have a young son ? Did n't he have security ? Will I wake up and this will all have been just a dream ? We gathered that night in our offices to sift through the material that we had : old Beatles footage , a Lennon documentary that my producer shot years earlier , and the famous D.A. Pennebaker film . We collected the names of friends , collaborators and other acquaintances who could help us tell the Lennon story . A day or two later , City TV aired a live broadcast of a memorial to Lennon at Nathan Phillips Square in front of Toronto 's City Hall . Canada had a rich history with Lennon : It was there that he made his post-Beatles debut with the Plastic Ono Band in 1969 and staged his famous North American bed-in in Montreal . Next Wednesday marks 30 years since Lennon 's murder . His killer , Mark David Chapman , 55 , is still serving his prison sentence of 20 years to life at the maximum-security Attica Correctional Facility in upstate New York . He will stay there for at least another two years as he was just denied parole for the sixth time . This weekend , CNN will examine the events leading up to Lennon 's killing . Chapman and his wife , Gloria Abe , describe the murder in rare audio recordings that will debut on CNN 's "  Losing Lennon : Countdown To Murder . " Chapman 's childhood friends reveal an obsessive idolization of Lennon that later turned to hatred . His wife talks about how she knew that her husband planned to kill Lennon and explains why she did n't warn anyone . The impact of Lennon 's death still reverberates today . Several tribute concerts and ceremonies started in October , when Lennon would have turned 70 , and have carried on since . This year , Lennon 's widow , Yoko Ono , revived the Plastic Ono Band with current rock stars including Lady Gaga . Ono told Rolling Stone she believes this rekindling of interest in Lennon "  has to do with the social climate , with wanting some of John 's energy , power and conviction . " Lennon 's profound influence on music and musicians continues to this day . Marc Roberge , the lead singer of alt-rockers O.A.R. , was not even 2 years old when Lennon was killed . Roberge penned the recent song "  Dakota " after stopping by Lennon 's old apartment building with his wife . He was so taken with the images that came to mind as he looked into the entranceway where Lennon was shot that he walked across Central Park West , sat down on a park bench and penned these lyrics : Outside the archway lies a thief , awaiting Double Fantasy He 's something evil underneath Outside Dakota died the symphony "  I watched and I tried to imagine this going down , " Roberge told me . "  And then I tried to imagine what if it never happened , and that 's really the question of the song : ` If you just kept walking on your way . ' I mean , would the world be different ? And I think the world would be better . " Like Roberge , I 've often wondered what would have happened had Lennon not been murdered . Would the world have been a better place ? There 's certainly every possibility that his commitment to peace would have added something substantive to the global conversation . At the very least , we would have had years more of great music and performance from a man who was truly an artistic genius . Watch American Morning weekdays 6am to 9am ET . For the latest from American Morning click here .	CNN 's John Roberts is the anchor of "  American Morning " He recalls learning of Lennon 's death as a music journalist in Canada This week marks the 30th anniversary of Lennon 's slaying
CNN  -- A truck driver who had been sought for more than 12 years in the slaying of his ex-girlfriend in Canada has been arrested after a traffic stop in southern California , U.S. immigration officials said Tuesday . Ninderjit Singh , a Canadian citizen who lives in San Jacinto , California , is being detained on a provisional arrest warrant , the first step toward extraditing him to Vancouver , where is wanted in the 1999 shooting death of Poonam Randhawa , according to a statement from U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  . The case was featured on "  America 's Most Wanted " in July 2000 . According to Vancouver detectives , the program generated a number of leads , but the fugitive continued to elude capture . But within the past two weeks , agents with ICE 's Homeland Security Investigations received information from Vancouver police that Singh , 33 , might be in the Los Angeles area . HSI agents quickly located Singh , who had been making a delivery out of state , and began tracking his movements . At about 11:30 a.m. Friday , California Highway Patrol officers pulled Singh 's big rig over in Irvine and issued him a ticket . Thumbprints taken during the traffic stop verified Singh as the long-sought fugitive , and he was arrested . "  In a world where everyone wants instant gratification , it is all too easy to abandon cases that are n't solved quickly , " Vancouver Police Deputy Chief Warren Lemcke was quoted as saying in an ICE statement . "  We would n't let that happen to Miss Randhawa and her family , or any victim of a crime . We are grateful to our partners in the United States who helped us catch this man . " According to authorities , Randhawa was last seen alive with Singh in a vehicle near her school in Vancouver , and her body was found a short time later on a nearby street .	Ninderjit Singh , 33 , has been a fugitive for more than 12 years He was wanted in the Vancouver slaying of his ex-girlfriend The case was featured on "  America 's Most Wanted " in July 2000 Poonam Randhawa , 18 , was last seen alive in a car with Singh
ORLANDO , Florida  CNN  -- Disney World has not been the happiest place on Earth for employees this year . The Walt Disney World resort in Orlando , Florida , has lost some 1,600 jobs . Imagine one day receiving recognition for decades of service from your employer only to be laid off the next day . That is what happened to one Walt Disney Parks and Resorts employee who asked not be identified . Disney has eliminated 1,900 U.S.-based positions since mid-February . Some 900 salaried employees working at Disney 's theme parks in Florida were laid off , and 700 open positions were eliminated , said communications Vice President Mike Griffin . In California , 200 workers were laid off and 100 open positions were cut . Disneyland in California and Disney World are having their behind-the-scenes operations combined in a restructuring , said Griffin . Disney officials say theme parks , the Disney Cruise Line , Disney Vacation Club and off-property resorts have seen some people with decades of experience laid off during the restructuring . The former employee let go after decades of service is still hoping to return once the economy improves . Several other employees said they did not want speak to CNN in fear of jeopardizing the generous severance packages offered by Disney . Employees let go will receive pay for 60 days ; extended medical coverage ; and severance packages that vary according to their years of service , said a Disney source . Disney 's Griffin said : "  These decisions were not made lightly , but are essential to maintaining our leadership in family tourism and reflect today 's economic realities . " Central Florida 's unemployment rate is 9.7 percent -- a 33-year high , according to the area 's job service agency , Workforce Central Florida . The rate is more than double from the same time a year ago . The job agency 's spokeswoman , Kimberly Cornett , said 40,000 to 50,000 people registered with the agency are vying for 1,000 jobs available through Workforce Central Florida . Fewer than 100 available job listings are in the tourism industry . Cornett said she does not believe Disney 's layoffs will have a significant effect to the area 's overall economy , since currently 107,000 people are unemployed in Central Florida . Cornett said , however , that the effect would be huge for those laid off . Orlando area hotels have been hit hard , too , with fewer tourist and business travelers . Orange County reported in February it collected 29 percent less revenue in a hotel bed tax in comparison to a year ago , said Brian Martin of the Orange County Convention and Visitors Bureau . Martin said the large drop is due to fewer booked hotel rooms at reduced rates to attract visitors . The convention and visitors bureau , in a survey of area hotels , has found companies are traveling less for meetings in Orlando . The hotels report that in the first two months of 2009 , some 114 small business meetings were canceled , with $ 26 million in lost revenue . Martin said the White House is partly to blame for the dropoff in business meetings . President Obama said companies that receive taxpayer bailout money should not use the money to "  go take a trip to Las Vegas . " "  When the president said ` do n't travel , ' business travel has been affected , " Martin said . Las Vegas is the country 's most popular convention destination , with Orlando No. 2 . Orlando has not seen any large convention cancellations in 2009 , the convention bureau says . Statistics from 2007 , the latest available , show that even if Orlando saw a 10 percent drop in visitors , nearly 44 million people would still come to the city . Disney 's 2008 financial report showed income was down last year . Disney would not comment on whether park attendance was up or down . A source within Disney said that even though the theme parks are crowded , customers are not buying . Disney 's Mike Griffin said : "  We continue to work through our reorganization and manage our business based on demand . " Griffin said the corporation 's reorganization has been under way since 2005 and many of the recent positions eliminated would have eventually been cut . Due to the economy , Griffins said , the cuts took place sooner than expected . He added that Disney is downsizing just like many other U.S. businesses .	One Disney employee recognized for decades of service , is laid off next day Laid-off employees reluctant to talk for fear of jeopardizing severance packages Orlando area hotels also hit hard by dropoff in business Disney spokesman says company downsizing like many other U.S. firms
New York  CNN  -- New Jersey drivers , long the butt of bad driver jokes , will soon give up some of their roadways to professional racers , as state officials have reached an agreement to bring Formula One racing to the Garden State . The 10-year deal will begin in June 2013 , a source familiar with the venture told CNN . Two sources said that Formula One , considered the world 's premiere racing circuit , will be taking to the streets of Weehawken and West New York , New Jersey . The route of the race featuring open cockpit , high-tech cars traveling more than 200 mph would begin in Weehawken at the beginning of JFK Boulevard East and go north , with spectacular views of the Manhattan skyline as a backdrop , before turning right down 60th street in West New York to River Road where drivers would head south , back toward Weehawken . A press conference to announce the details of the deal will be held Tuesday in Weehawken . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , Weehawken Mayor Richard Turner and West New York Mayor Felix Roque are expected to attend . The race course should be ideal for Formula One as it combines the sport 's characteristic right turns and elevation changes and , unlike the auto racing most Americans are used to , generally features less passing and fewer crashes . Austin , Texas , meanwhile , will host the annual United States Grand Prix for the sport beginning November 2012 and continuing through 2021 -- making it the first U.S. city in 30 years to have a multi-year deal with Formula One . The last U.S. city to have such a deal was Watkins Glen , New York . Since then , Formula One has been hosted by Long Beach , Las Vegas , Detroit , Dallas and Phoenix all on temporary street circuits . Michael Drewniak , a spokesman for Christie , said the governor expects Formula One 's arrival to bring "  a significant economic and tourism boom for our state . "	Formula One will begin in New Jersey in 2013 , sources say New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie expects it to be an economic boon Austin , Texas , will host an annual Grand Prix from 2012 through 2021
Former Portuguese Prime Minister Jose Socrates and three other people were arrested in connection with an investigation into suspected tax fraud , corruption and money laundering , the country 's prosecutor general 's office said Saturday . Socrates , who was detained late Friday , was due to appear before a judge for questioning on Saturday regarding an investigation of suspicious banking operations and money transfers , according to a statement from the prosecutor 's office . Socrates was prime minister from 2005 to 2011 , when he stepped down after his socialist government was unable to push though austerity measures , which were intended to preclude a bailout to ease the country 's debt crisis .	Prosecutor : Jose Socrates to be questioned in probe of suspicious banking operations Socrates was prime minister from 2005 to 2011
CNN  -- Pirates off the eastern coast of Somalia picked the wrong target this week when they tried to attack a U.S. Navy ship , the Navy said Thursday . Pirates off the coast of Somalia tried to attack the USNS Lewis and Clark on Wednesday . The attempted attack happened Wednesday against the USNS Lewis and Clark , a dry cargo and ammunition ship that supports the U.S. Navy 5th Fleet and coalition ships in the area , the Navy said . Two pirate skiffs pursued the Lewis and Clark for more than an hour as it headed north , the Navy said . They got as close as one nautical mile from the ship . The Lewis and Clark sped up and tried to escape the pirates , and the ship 's security team issued verbal warnings to the approaching skiffs , the Navy said . The suspected pirates , who were then two nautical miles behind the Lewis and Clark , fired small arms at the ship . They fell a mile short of the ship 's stern , the Navy said . The Lewis and Clark sped up and the skiffs stopped their chase . "  The actions taken by Lewis and Clark were exactly what the U.S. Navy has been recommending to prevent piracy attacks -- for both commercial and military vessels , " said Capt. Steve Kelley , commander of Task Force 53 , assigned to the Lewis and Clark . "  Merchant mariners can and should use Lewis and Clark 's actions as an unequivocal example of how to prevent a successful attack from occurring , " he said . Evasive maneuvers and other defense measures such as on-board security teams have worked to protect other ships and their cargo , the Navy said . That was the case late Wednesday morning in the Gulf of Aden , when a Greek vessel fended off a pirate attack . The Greeks hit the approaching skiff , causing the pirates ' boat to capsize , the European Union 's Maritime Security Center said in a written statement . A Spanish crew recovered seven pirates from the water and detained them , the statement said . No casualties or damage was reported . A Dutch cargo crew in the Gulf of Aden was n't so lucky Thursday , the maritime center said . The small cargo vessel was hijacked , likely by Somali pirates , while sailing west in the transit corridor . The crew of eight Dutch sailors , who had Coca-Cola on board , altered the craft 's course toward Somalia , the center said . The crew is believed to be unhurt . More than 30,000 vessels transit the Gulf of Aden each year , the Navy said . So far this year , there have been 97 attempted attacks on merchant vessels , 27 of which have been successful , the Navy said . The Lewis And Clark is one of six dry cargo/ammunition ships in the U.S. Navy 's Military Sealift Command , which delivers supplies to the U.S. military around the globe . The ship also supported the counter-piracy task force in the area earlier this year , the Navy said .	Pirates fired small arms at USNS Lewis and Clark Commander praises evasive maneuvers that the crew used to escape This year 97 attempts to attack merchant ships have been made ; 27 were successful
CNN  -- Mobile devices are only as good as the networks that serve them . But too often , a mobile user will purchase a new smartphone with a two-year carrier contract , only then to learn that the phone gets lousy reception at home , work or school . That 's why the first -- and obvious -- question consumers should ask themselves when considering a mobile phone is this : Which carriers get the best service in the places where I spend most of my time ? The trouble : This is n't always an easy question to answer . Yes , carriers all provide coverage maps on their websites that show where their networks are supposed to reach -- theoretically , based on cell phone tower locations . But , in reality , signal strength and network speed can vary substantially due to terrain , structures , the typical amount of data-hungry wireless devices on the network in a given location , and other factors . When looking for a new carrier , some people attempt to gauge the local quality of a network by finding local customers of various carriers and asking them how many signal bars they generally see on their phones . However , this is n't necessarily reliable , since  as I wrote last year  signal bars are largely meaningless , and they 're sometimes misleading . This is where crowdsourcing can help : Mobile users can work together to create crowdsourced maps that show how well wireless networks really perform in specific locations . Here are two projects that you can actually contribute to , by sending data from an app on your smartphone : Open Signal Maps This project , by Staircase3 , collects data via an Android application . As you are out and about , this application runs in the background , monitoring the signal strength of your carrier 's network . If you have data-sharing turned on for the app  you can turn it off  , your data are stripped of identifying information and uploaded to Staircase3 's servers . Aggregate user data are displayed on maps on the Open Signal Maps site . I 've installed this app on my Droid Incredible , and it 's interesting and useful . In addition to showing the direction and location of the tower my phone is connected to , and signal strength , it allows me to conduct network speed tests . This is important because both signal strength and network speed play important roles in the quality of voice calls and data connections . According to the Open Signal Maps blog , "  A high  signal strength  does not guarantee a good connection . You can be communicating really well with the tower but the tower might be choked up -- it might be dealing with so much network data that you get terrible speeds . " Also , being able to easily conduct your own network speed test can indicate whether your carrier might be "  throttling " your data connection , as Verizon recently said it will start doing to the top 5 % of its customers by data usage . The coverage maps on the Open Signal Maps site appear to offer data for major and minor carriers in most regions . They do n't offer an iPhone app , because of differences in how the iOS operating system captures signal data . A BlackBerry app is under consideration . RootMetrics This project collects data via an iPhone app . Android and BlackBerry apps are coming , the site says . The maps on the RootMetrics site allow you to compare the performance of AT&T , Verizon , Sprint and T-Mobile networks . Smaller carriers , such as US Cellular or MetroPCS , are not shown . These maps are a bit simpler to interpret than the Open Signal Maps , and they have user-friendly features . For example , they express network speed as the number of seconds it takes to upload or download a song . RootMetrics users also can view their own personal map with a history of signal strength and network speed . Both of these projects are most useful in major metro areas where lots of people use smartphones . They encourage people to use their apps in other locations to help make their maps more complete . Although people who use feature phones  the next step down from smartphones , used by nearly 75 % of U.S. mobile users  can not run the apps for these projects , the data on these maps still might be useful for selecting a local carrier . In the big picture , projects like these could help hold carriers accountable for the network speeds they advertise , an issue that 's likely to become especially contentious in the next few years as carriers struggle to deliver high-speed wireless broadband to a fast-growing number of data-sucking phones . As Mashable notes , "  Finally , we 'd have a source of real-world information to counteract the questionable maps we see from wireless providers . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Company maps of wireless networks can be inaccurate or lacking detail Application designers have turned to crowdsourced data Open Signal maps has an app for Android RootMetrics has an app for iPhone ; Android and Blackberry versions coming
CNN  -- Alec Baldwin claims he was assaulted by a photographer on a New York street Tuesday morning , but the New York Daily News accuses the actor of attacking its employee . The incident happened as Baldwin emerged from the city 's Marriage License Bureau , where he obtained a marriage license with fiancee Hilaria Thomas , the Daily News reported . "  A ` photographer ' almost hit me in the face with his camera this morning , " Baldwin said in a Twitter posting , which carried the hashtag #allpaparazzishouldbewaterboarded . The newspaper said Baldwin , who "  approached with an angry glare , " hit Daily News photographer Marcus Santos , who was "  standing innocently with two other photographers , " in his chin . "  He was looking mad , " the paper quoted Santos saying . "  He said , ` Step back ; step back . ' I said , ` We 're moving back . ' " Santos said he stepped back , but Baldwin "  kept coming . " Photos taken by one of the other photographers and published by the Daily News showed the confrontation , including one image of Baldwin with his hands extended toward Santos ' chest . Baldwin 's representative , in a written statement to CNN on Tuesday , said the actor and his fiancee were leaving New York City Hall when a " ` civilian ' walking in front of Alec positioned himself to obstruct the view of a photographer aggressively trying to shoot the couple . " "  The photographer was clearly frustrated , pushed past the bystander and assaulted Alec with his camera , " rep Matthew Hiltzik said . "  There were no punches thrown , and any subsequent physical contact was simply Alec protecting himself . " Previously on CNN : Alec Baldwin talks about getting kicked off plane CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Baldwin 's paparazzi clash happened outside New York 's Marriage License Bureau "  A ` photographer ' almost hit me in the face with his camera this morning , " Baldwin tweets "  He was looking mad , " the photographer tells the New York Daily News "  Any subsequent physical contact was simply Alec protecting himself , " rep says
CNN  -- The one-eyed jihadist commander known as "  Mr. Marlboro " is back in action . Moktar Belmoktar , whose group was responsible for the deadly attack on the BP oil facility in southern Algeria last January , appears in a new video released by his group -- the al-Mulathameen Brigade , which translates as the "  Signatories in Blood Brigade . " More than 30 foreign workers at the In Amenas facility in Algeria were killed during a three-day occupation of the plant . Belmokhtar is an Algerian but was more recently based in northern Mali , where he had combined kidnapping and smuggling  hence the nickname  with audacious terror attacks . He got his nickname for smuggling cigarettes across borders . Thought to be about 40 , Belmokhtar was rumored to have been killed or wounded in March during the French military intervention in Mali . But in the new 51-minute video he is shown training fighters and paying tribute to another jihadist commander who was killed earlier this year . Belmoktar shows no sign of having been wounded . The video shows a group of jihadists preparing for two deadly raids in neighboring Niger in May , which targeted a French-owned uranium mine and a Nigerien military academy . "  My brothers , all you should do is strive and make efforts with all determination and power to bring down their sites and harm their troops , " Belmoktar says before embracing the group . At one point , he appears to be instructing recruits in using a rocket-propelled grenade . The government of Niger sent troops to join the French-led operation in Mali . Commanders from the al-Mulathameen Brigade , which is linked to al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  , also appeal in the video to Muslims in Europe and America to carry out attacks . One of them , Omar Ould Hama , a top Belmoktar deputy , is filmed standing in front of a pickup truck in the desert flanked by half a dozen masked armed fighters , and issuing a direct threat in heavily accented French . "  This message is sent to France especially , to the USA and to all NATO countries . Like we have said since the beginning , the jihadists are ready to go on the offensive at any moment . We need to transmit this message to the whole world . We need to complete our mission at any price . We have told you that we will hit you in the middle of the Quai D'Orsay in France , and we will target you like we have done before -- all the French interests , both military and economic in the whole world . " The Quai D'Orsay is the site of the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs . In 2008 , Hama kidnapped Canadian diplomat Robert Fowler on Belmoktar 's orders and held him for 130 days , Fowler told CNN after his release . French minister : Islamists ' heavy weapons found in Mali Analyst : Focus likely will be on Sahara "  Such threats have been made before by Belmoktar and his commanders and associates but they have not yet demonstrated a capacity to launch attacks in the West . For the time being , it 's more likely they will focus on hitting Western targets in the Sahara region , " Andrew Lebovich , an analyst who closely tracks the group , told CNN . Belmoktar himself is seen providing encouragement to the jihadists about to attack the French mine and Nigerian military academy in May . Another commander , Abu Usama al-Masri , appeals for ` lone wolf ' attacks in France . He talks of the young French-Algerian man -- Mohammed Merah -- who carried out a string of gun atttacks in the French city of Toulouse last year , killing seven people . Merah was later cornered and killed by French police in his apartment . "  To every Muslim brother , " says al-Masri , "  whether his nationality is Algerian or Tunisian or Moroccan ... I believe they walk on the street and make the French people scared ... So the Muslim youth inside France have a great duty , even if it is with a stone or knife " to hit a Frenchman , according to a translation by the SITE Intelligence group . The video was made available to CNN by Flashpoint Partners , an outfit tracking jihadist websites . It has since appeared on YouTube . It shows jihadists operating in the northern Mali cities of Gao and Konna earlier this year , and the application of strict Shariah law . And it shows an interview with a man described of French-Mauritanian origin , who was detained by Belmoktar 's group for drinking alcohol . He says he will be judged by Shariah law and will never drink alcolohol again . The French intervention in Mali , which began in January and was aimed at defeating jihadist groups that had seized much of the north of the country , has subdued , but not eliminated , the threat from Belmoktar and allied jihadist groups . One source briefed by Western and regional intelligence officials told CNN Belmoktar is believed to have moved to the triangle regions straddling the borders of Algeria , Niger and Libya in late 2012 after signs that an international intervention in Mali was growing more likely . Known as the "  Salvador pass , " the area is a key transit points for drug traffickers and international criminal groups . Some counterterrorism analysts believe Belmoktar may have relocated in southern Libya , where an absence of state authority gives him room to regroup . CNN previously learned that Belmoktar had visited to Libya after the uprising against Moammar Gadhafi and established ties with the emerging jihadist groups there . Intelligence sources told CNN earlier this year that he may also have had a role in the attack on the US diplomatic compound in Benghazi exactly a year ago . According to one source , militants in the area called him up in Northern Mali shortly after the attack and offered congratulations . The call , which was intercepted , did not however provide proof of his involvement . Working with other al Qaeda affiliates According to analysts , the new video , which includes computer animations of attacks , is one of the most sophisticated yet produced by al Qaeda fighters in the region and should be seen as part of Belmoktar 's pitch to have Zawahiri recognize his group as the stand alone al Qaeda affiliate in the Sahara . The video also confirms the presence in Mali of fighters from Nigeria , where Boko Haram and Ansar al-Muslimeen have been involved in a campaign of sabotage and suicide attacks against police , government officials and Christians . There were reports earlier this year that Nigerian jihadists had joined AQIM in the city of Gao , in eastern Mali . A fighter in a black and yellow headscarf who calls himself Abu al-Nigiri says : "  To my mujahedeen brothers everywhere and in Nigeria in particular , I say to you : Wherever you find them , attack them and kill them . " Last year , simmering tension between Belmoktar and AQIM 's paramount leader Abdelmalek Droukdel , who is based in northern Algeria , burst into the open -- leading to Belmoktar 's dismissal from the North African al Qaeda affiliate 's leadership . But this video suggests Belmoktar 's group is again joining forces with other al Qaeda affiliates across the region . The video features clips from speeches by Qasim al Raymi , a leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  , as well as from Osama bin Laden and Ayman al Zawahiri . Belmoktar has a deep file of jihadist contacts across the region because of the time he spent fighting with other Arab fighters in Afghanistan in the early 1990s , which analysts say he is likely to continue to leverage . On his way back to fight in the Algerian civil war he spent time in Yemen , where he made contacts in militant circles . Since the Arab Spring , according to western counter-terrorism sources , North African and Yemeni jihadists have consolidated their connections . Those officials say three Yemeni fighters who belonged to AQAP participated in the attack on the U.S. compound in Benghazi and then fled to northern Mali where they connected with Belmoktar 's group . And , this month , three Libyans were arrested in the Yemeni capital , Sanaa , suspected of belonging to AQAP . There appears to be a growing effort by al Qaeda 's leadership -- and not just by individual jihadists -- to improve co-operation among the various arms of the group . In 2012 AQAP leader Nasir al Wuhayshi , who was recently appointed al Qaeda 's global No , 2 , sent several letters to AQIM emir Droukdel which were subsequently discovered by the Associated Press in northern Mali . They indicated that Wuhayshi had emerged as a bridge for communications between al Qaeda figures in Pakistan and the North African group . al Qaeda document sheds light on attack plans	Jihadist Moktar Belmoktar appears to be back on the stage He had claimed responsibility for a deadly attack on an Algerian gas facility In video , he trains fighters and pays tribute to fallen commander
CNN  -- AC Milan midfielder Gennaro Gattuso has been banned for four matches by UEFA after he "  assaulted " Tottenham 's assistant manager during their Champions League tie . The Italian grabbed 59-year-old Joe Jordan round the throat during the match as tempers flared , then as the pair came face-to-face after the final whistle , Gattuso launched a head-butt . UEFA charged the 33-year-old with "  gross sporting misconduct " after Milan 's 1-0 defeat in the first leg of their last 16 tie with the English Premier League club at the San Siro stadium . He was due to miss the second leg next week anyway after picking up his third yellow card of the competition during the clash . CNN blog : Why Gattuso has to lose his cool A statement on UEFA 's website read : "  AC Milan midfielder Gennaro Gattuso has been suspended for four competition matches by the UEFA control and disciplinary body . "  The control and disciplinary body ruled that Gattuso had assaulted the Tottenham Hotspur assistant coach Joe Jordan after the match . "  Gattuso , who was also cautioned in the 76th minute of the game , is already suspended for the return leg of the UEFA Champions League tie against Tottenham after receiving three yellow cards . "  Consequently , the four-match suspension applies to the next four UEFA club competition matches for which he would be eligible . " The ex-Glasgow Rangers star came to blows with England striker Peter Crouch during the game , in which Milan struggled to find a way past their opponents . Gattuso did apologize to Jordan after the game , admitting : "  I lost my head . " "  I 'm taking responsibility because I did something I should n't have done , " he added . "  I made a mistake doing what I did to an older person , and that 's it . I will wait and see what UEFA decides now . "	UEFA ban AC Milan midfielder Gennaro Gattuso for four matches Gattuso head-butted Tottenham 's assistant manager during a Champions League tie The 33-year-old later apologized to Joe Jordan for his actions Milan lost 1-0 to the English club and will play the second leg next week
Ascot , England  CNN  -- It was n't his flashiest performance , but Frankel made sure his final race was also his most dramatic as he overhauled French rival Cirrus des Aigles to maintain his unbeaten record and cap a remarkable three-year career at the summit of his sport . The English thoroughbred has looked increasingly settled on his last few appearances at the track . However , on this occasion he was almost too relaxed . Caught napping at the start , Frankel appeared to stumble out of the blocks , losing lengths on Cirrus des Aigles and Natheniel , who took up the early lead in the rain-softened ground . It meant that Frankel become detached from his brother and pacemaker Bullet Train , who was meanwhile being held up by jockey Ian Mongan in order to bring his more talented brother back into the race . The early blunder left jockey Tom Queally with a dilemma -- either kick on to catch up with the leaders , or settle Frankel in towards the back of the field and hope his sheer class would prevail . Infographic : What makes Frankel so special ? Queally picked the latter course of action , and his faith in the great colt was rewarded when , taking a wide line off the final bend , he asked Frankel for an extra gear . The red-hot favorite powered through the field to close the gap on Cirrus des Aigles , officially the second-best horse in the world , with Nathaniel already beaten . Frankel then blazed towards the winning post with a length and three-quarters to spare . Queally admitted that Frankel had found the softer going a challenge , saying he had lacked his customary bounce on the canter down to the start . But when asked to deliver , "  the 4x4 kicked in , " the jockey said . "  It just shows what kind of an animal we 're dealing with , " added Queally , who described Frankel as the "  best ever . " As had been widely expected , Frankel 's owner , Khalid Abdullah confirmed that the wonder horse had run his last race . "  He 's given so much pleasure to so many people , " his racing manager , Teddy Grimthorpe , told journalists . "  He 's been a champion at two , three and four . He 's the master of his profession , " Grimthorpe added . Frankel will now be retired to stud , where he has been conservatively valued at Â # 100 million  $ 160 million  as a stallion .	British thoroughbred wins Champion Stakes at Ascot to maintain unbeaten record Horse trained by Henry Cecil now expected to be retired after 14 wins from 14 starts "  He 's been a champion at two , three and four . He 's the master of his profession , " his racing manager said Frankel will now be retired to stud where he has been valued at Â # 100 million
CNN  -- This week , the country witnessed one of the most irresponsible acts that we have seen from this Republican Congress , since they deliberately shut down the government less than a year ago . Republican House Speaker John Boehner informed President Barack Obama that he would not bring a vote on immigration reform to the floor this year . Whatever excuse Speaker Boehner has for abdicating his responsibility as a national leader , it is not good enough , and he has now given the President ample excuse to act on his own . Which he is now doing . Since Republicans in Congress refuse to do their job and allow a vote on comprehensive immigration reform this year , Obama , on behalf of the American people , is acting on his own to address this important issue -- for the well-being of our country , our economy and the immigrant community that has contributed so much to our economic growth and prosperity and is suffering greatly from a badly broken system . A family secret that changed his life Republicans had a year to either bring the Senate immigration bill to the House floor , or come up with an approach of their own that would deal with the different moving pieces necessary to fix our broken immigration system . Obama and Democrats were willing to compromise at every corner -- and despite disapproval from advocates and allies -- even held off on pressuring Republicans in hopes that would help create space for reform . But it did n't work . Opinion : Like those children , I too fled Central America No matter what they did , the GOP refused to move . Republicans chose to play politics and spew excuses , rather than honor the will of the majority of the American people and pass such needed reform . In 2013 they said they did n't have enough time in the legislative calendar to pass reform , but they did have time to shut down the government which cost us $ 24 billion . Then , Republican leadership announced they would n't move on immigration reform unless the majority of the Republican caucus supported it , even though the votes were there to pass reform and poll after poll showed the majority of the American people support reforming our immigration system . All of this while promising they would bring up legislation . Earlier this year we were encouraged by Republicans putting out their immigration principles -- which were less than ideal but which the President and Democrats were willing to discuss . A week later Republicans said they could n't move on immigration reform because they could n't trust the President to enforce the law . This is the same President who advocates have hit hard over his record number of deportations and enforcement policies . According to that measure , the GOP should have been thrilled . But it also exposed the rampant hypocritical nature of their excuse not to act . And then there 's the biggest excuse of all : border security first . Never mind that border security is stronger than ever . Never mind that the Senate bill the GOP refused to bring up for a vote in the House would have doubled the amount of agents on the border to 40,000 and provided an extra $ 38 billion dollars to increase border security . Republicans have used every excuse in the book to block a bill that would have actually addressed their biggest priorities when it comes to immigration reform -- border security , enforcement , employment verification , high tech visas etc. . But even with that in mind , they 'd rather point fingers that get something done . It makes no sense . So after more than a year of excuses and delays , we at least have clarity on something Americans have suspected all along : The anti-immigrant extremist faction of the GOP is calling the shots , making it impossible for Republicans to deliver any real substantive action on this issue . Make no mistake , Republicans should understand something very clearly : In killing immigration reform , Speaker Boehner and the GOP are not only killing the hopes of millions of immigrants in this country counting on reform to allow them to fully come out of the shadows and shield them and their families from deportations , but the GOP is in effect committing long-term institutional political suicide and saying "  adios " to any chance of the GOP capturing the White House in 2016 . Even the GOP 's self-interest was not enough to motivate them to support and lead on the issue . It became clear that there is no option left , and that the GOP has been playing us all along as they have no intention to pass reform . Ya basta . No more . Let 's be clear , the President did not want to act alone . He did everything he could to work with Republicans in Congress and he knows that a long term permanent solution has to be legislative , but he also knows that if Congress wo n't act , he has to . As Obama himself said , "  America can not wait forever for them to act . " The American people and the immigrant community support reform , and want brave leaders who are willing to fight for them and do the hard work . The President proved that he 's willing to go to bat for immigration reform . He will act because the GOP wo n't . The country deserves better . Mr. President , America is behind you on this every step of the way . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Maria Cardona explains why Republicans forced the president to act on immigration The GOP , she says , threw up excuse after excuse not to pass immigration reform Despite broad support , Speaker Boehner refused to even bring it up for a vote
Berlin  CNN  -- German police arrested two men in Berlin on suspicion of plotting a bomb attack , police said Thursday . A 24-year-old German of Lebanese descent and a 28-year-old man from Gaza had tried to obtain chemicals that can be used to make a bomb , Berlin Police press officer Martin Otter told CNN . Police do not believe the suspects had a specific target , he said , and they are not thought to have any links to international terrorist organizations . Otter said the police operation in Berlin was over as of Thursday afternoon . Officers earlier searched an Islamic cultural association and two other addresses in Berlin in connection with the arrests . Law enforcement had been monitoring the men for months , police spokesman Thomas Neuendorf told CNN . He said the pair came under suspicion after they sought to acquire a large amount of cooling agent . The arrests were made in the Kreuzberg and Neukoelln districts of Berlin , Neuendorf told reporters outside the Islamic center . The center was searched because police believed the suspects might have stored some chemical material there as it had a lot of space , he added . Neuendorf said many papers had been found but no explosives . The public prosecutor 's office for Berlin is investigating the case , he added . A German intelligence official , who did not want to be named because he was not specifically authorized to talk to the media , told CNN the suspected plot was thought to be Islamist . Berlin 's Al Rahman mosque was visited by investigators as well as the Islamic center , the intelligence official said . There has been increased concern in recent years over homegrown , al Qaeda-inspired terrorism in Germany , he said . German counter-terrorism officials are especially concerned by the spreading influence of the English-language AQAP  al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  Inspire online magazine in Germany , which gives instructions on how to carry out an attack , he added . Berlin resident Annette Suessmuth , 25 , told CNN she was concerned for the safety of her two young children after the arrests . "  I am shocked . Normally I go here very often for shopping . I do n't feel safe any more , " she said . The federal chairman of the German police union , Bernhard Witthaut , said the arrest of two suspects after months of shadowing was a "  huge success " for Berlin 's police . He urged all Germans to remain vigilant , saying : "  It is better to call the police one time too often than to stay passive . " With the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks on the United States only three days away , many security services around the world are on a heightened state of alert . CNN 's Rick Noack and Stephanie Halazs and CNN security analyst Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report .	NEW : The suspects did not have links to international terrorist groups , police say The two men in their 20s had obtained chemicals that can be used to make a bomb , police say It is not clear if they had a specific target , they say Police searched an Islamic cultural center in case chemicals were stored there
CNN  -- The principal of a small private school in Memphis , Tennessee , was found dead in a classroom Wednesday , Memphis police said . Suzette York , 49 , was lying in a pool of blood at Memphis Junior Academy , according to the city fire department . Police have detained a 17-year-old student in connection with the death , which has been deemed a homicide , police said . No charges had been filed Wednesday evening . "  It 's tragic all the way around , " Mayor A.C. Wharton Jr. said outside the school . The school is affiliated with the Seventh-day Adventist Church , officials said . York , who had been the principal of the school since 2008 , has a family in Memphis , said Marvin Lowman , communications director for the Seventh-day Adventist Conference in Goodlettsville , Tennessee . Officers responded to a call at 11:15 a.m. "  Upon arrival on the scene , officers located a deceased female inside of a classroom . The circumstances leading up to this incident are unknown at this time , " Sgt. Alyssa Macon-Moore , a police spokeswoman , told reporters outside the school . A prayer vigil was held later Wednesday . Former student Kristen Bridges said York was an exemplary biology and math teacher . "  Past the teaching , she loved God , " Bridges told CNN affiliate WREG . "  And she showed that in everything she did . " CNN 's Rick Martin contributed to this report .	Suzette York , 49 , was found dead in a classroom Wednesday The cause of York 's death is unknown ; police detain a 17-year-old student Officers responded to a call at Memphis Junior Academy around 11:15 a.m.
CNN  -- British singer Adele is going to have throat-related surgery and is canceling her remaining live appearances for the rest of the year , Columbia Records said Friday . "  She is to undergo surgery to alleviate the current issues with her throat and a full recovery is expected , " the record company said in a statement . "  As a result , doctors have ordered her to rest her voice and completely recuperate before looking to schedule any work commitments . " Ticket holders will receive a refund from the point of purchase , the record label said . Earlier this month , the 2011 American Music Awards announced that Adele , 23 , lead artists with four nominations -- for favorite pop or rock female artist , favorite pop or rock album  for "  21 "  , favorite adult contemporary artist , and artist of the year . In July , the soulful singer 's "  21 " was ranked the year 's biggest album to date , with over 2.5 million sold since it was released in late February . Also in July , the disc was a consistent best-seller -- it has spent 10 nonconsecutive weeks at Number One and has never ranked lower than Number Three on the albums chart . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this story .	Adele , 23 , will have throat-related surgery She 's canceling her remaining live appearances for the year A full recovery is expected
EW.com  -- Regal Cinemas , the largest theater chain in the country , will play the unrated documentary "  Bully " in its theaters , the company announced today . "  Regal intends to play the film and respect the original R rating decision of the MPAA , " says Regal spokesperson Dick Westerling . "  We will treat the film like it was rated R. " The decision means children 17 and under must be accompanied by a parent or guardian to see the film . The move strikes a harder line than the one taken by AMC Theaters , which is allowing minors to see the acclaimed film -- which chronicles the epidemic of brutal adolescent bullying -- as long as they have written permission from a parent or guardian . Meanwhile , The Los Angeles Times is reporting that Carmike and Cinemark theaters will not be screening "  Bully , " adhering to a long-standing tradition by major theater chains of not showing films that do not carry a rating by the MPAA . The Weinstein Company decided on Monday that it would release the film unrated after the MPAA refused to lower the R rating it gave the film last month . It opens in five theaters in New York and Los Angeles on Friday , and begins expanding nationwide in the weeks ahead . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  We will treat the film -LSB- Bully -RSB- like it was rated R , " a Regal cinema spokesperson The Weinstein Company decided on Monday that it would release the film unrated The MPAA refused to lower the R rating it gave the film last month
San Diego , California  CNN  -- When five students at Live Oak High School in Morgan Hill , California , taunted Latino students by wearing T-shirts bearing the American flag on Cinco de Mayo , even though administrators had told students beforehand not to wear flag clothing that day , they caused a ruckus , divided a community and reignited the culture wars . And , it turns out , they were just getting warmed up . The ruckus ensued when Assistant Principal Miguel Rodriguez -- apparently fearing that the boys ' fashion choices might provoke a violent response from Latino students who have developed an emotional attachment to the faux holiday as "  their day " -- told the youths to either turn their T-shirts inside out or go home . The lads chose the latter , and were , for this act of defiance , magically transformed from bratty kids to defenders of individual freedom and innocent victims of the establishment . Why not ? Everyone else in society plays the victim . Nothing is ever anyone 's fault . Someone else is always to blame . And so why should n't these five young men get a chance to portray themselves as an oppressed minority ? This part is even more bizarre : Conservatives are defending the rights of the students because the story fits into their paranoid narrative of cultural displacement -- where the Mexican flag is supplanting Old Glory , Spanish is drowning out English , the tortilla has bread on the run , and so on and on . This is outrageous , conservatives say , as they blast school administrators by accusing them of overstepping their bounds . Conservatives take this stance , but have spent the better part of the last three decades asserting -- in legal briefs and oral arguments before the U.S. Supreme Court -- the power of public school administrators to maintain order and prevent disruptive behavior even at the expense of curtailing students ' First Amendment rights . In a classic and clumsy flip-flop , conservatives were against First Amendment rights for public school students on campus before they were in favor of them . You see , conservatives usually do n't give a hoot about whether students have the right to express , on school campuses , their opinion about this or that -- especially if doing so threatens to upset the social order . Now , suddenly , because of the Morgan Hill case , they 've found religion and they 're ready to side with the American Civil Liberties Union in defense of free speech rights for students ? Talk about strange bedfellows . I got a chance to see this hypocrisy up close last week when I appeared on CNN to discuss the Morgan Hill story with Kris Kobach , conservative legal analyst and law professor . Kobach defended the right of the five students to defy school administrators in exercise of their First Amendment rights to free expression . He cited case law that is almost as old as I am -- Tinker v Des Moines Independent Community School District  1969  . In that case , which involved high school and junior high school students who wore black armbands to protest the Vietnam War and were suspended as a result , the Supreme Court ruled in favor of the plaintiffs and declared that students do n't "  shed their constitutional rights to free speech or expression at the schoolhouse gate . " But since Tinker , the justices have curtailed First Amendment rights of students , especially when the expression of those rights is disruptive , in three other cases : Bethel School District v Fraser  1986  , where the Supreme Court held that a high school student 's speech during an assembly -- filled as it was with sexual innuendo -- was not protected ; Hazelwood v Kuhlmeier  1988  , where the court held that schools can regulate the content of student newpapers ; and Morse v Frederick  2007  , where the court held that officials can restrict student speech at a school-supervised event even if it takes place off-campus . Interestingly , in the Morse case , the school administrators were represented by no less prominent a conservative than Kenneth Starr , the former Whitewater Independent Counsel . The truth is that school administrators have a greater ability to restrict the speech of their students than the government does to restrict the speech of the general public . That 's what the Supreme Court has said repeatedly in the last three decades , and that 's the way it is . Some of this should sound familiar to conservatives . This has been their argument for years . No matter how they feel about what happened at Live Oak High School on Cinco de Mayo , the least they can do is claim it . They should be proud to do so . School administrators need the power to keep order and enforce codes of decency . Just look at what just happened in another , much more offensive case of racial harassment , this one after a high school soccer game in Omaha , Nebraska . Lincoln East High School and South High School were matched up , and Lincoln East won the game 4-2 in overtime to claim the boys state championship . But now several Lincoln East students admit they made and distributed dozens of "  green cards , " which fans threw onto the field after the game like confetti . Why green cards ? Because South 's soccer team is mostly Latino . Get it ? The students behind this ugly act have been suspended . Glad to hear it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette , Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette : Students wore U.S. flag T-shirts after school said no flag shirts Navarrette : Was a taunt to Latinos ; principal asked them to turn shirts inside-out or go home Conservatives hypocritical , he writes , by touting students as martyrs for freedom He writes : They always say right of schools to maintain order trumps students ' speech rights
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Southern China is suffering from its worst outbreak of dengue fever in two decades , with 1,000 new cases of the potentially fatal mosquito-borne disease emerging each day , according to official media reports . Local health authorities in China warned the situation was "  severe , " with six deaths and 21,527 infections recorded in Guangdong province in southern China by Sunday . Elsewhere in Asia , Malaysia and Taiwan have reported more cases and deaths in 2014 than in previous years , and Japan has seen more than 150 infections in its first outbreak of the tropical disease since 1945 , according to news agency Kyodo . And a new study released this week found that dengue cases in India may be 300 times the number officially reported . The disease costs the country at least $ 548 million a year . Hot and cold The outbreak in China is spreading quickly , with more than 1,000 new cases found each day last week . In some hospitals , hundreds of patients stream in daily complaining of dengue-like symptoms . "  I feel very hot on the skin , but cold inside my body , " one man told CCTV , China 's state television . The viral disease is also called "  breakbone fever " because of the severe muscle and joint pain it causes . There 's no approved vaccine or specific drug to treat dengue , which is not usually fatal but lands many victims in hospitals . Chinese authorities say recent hot and wet weather fueled the outbreak , with mosquito numbers up five fold . After a week-long national holiday , authorities are now scrambling to fumigate mosquito breeding sites with pesticide . Residents in the city of Guangzhou are being offered free mosquito repellent . The World Health Organization lists dengue fever as a "  neglected disease " and estimates that there may be 50 to 100 million dengue infections worldwide each year . However , research published last year suggested that around 390 million people are infected each year -- more than triple the WHO 's estimate . Spread by a type of of mosquito  Aedes aegypti  , the disease thrives in tropical mega cities like Guangzhou thanks to rapid urbanization and population movement . Climate change is also a factor , giving rise to longer periods that infected mosquitos can survive . CNN 's Beijing bureau contributed to this report	Southern China is suffering from its worst outbreak of dengue fever in two decades Last week , 1,000 new cases of the mosquito-borne disease emerged each day Other Asian countries are also grappling with outbreaks of the virus . Climate change and urbanization help the disease spread
CNN  -- Megaupload , the file-sharing website shut down Thursday by the U.S. federal government , is a Web hosting tool that now finds itself accused of being an online haven for digital pirates . Many people probably never have heard of the site . But to millions , the 6-year-old site , based in Hong Kong , was a fast , easy way to store massive files in a "  locker " online and then share them with friends or colleagues . At various points in its history , Megaupload has been among the most popular websites in the world . And it once had the support of some celebrities . A  really bizarre  YouTube video shows Kanye West , Kim Kardashian , P. Diddy and several other celebrities vouching for the site in an apparent music video-style advertisement . But the site has long suffered accusations of allowing less-than-legal files to pass through its computer servers . "  Megaupload was always going to get taken down -- far too flagrant publication of copyrighted material , " Jonathan Riggall , a website editor living in Barcelona , Spain , wrote on TorrentFreak , a blog devoted to file-sharing issues . "  I think sharing on the Web is great , and I do n't care if it 's copyrighted material -- but Megaupload and some similar sites are making loads of money out of making it possible for people to view pirated stuff . Of course they will be targeted as they are blatantly breaking laws . " The U.S. attorney for Megaupload.com denies the government 's allegations . ` We believe that the allegations are without merit and Megaupload is going to vigorously defend against the case , " attorney Ira Rothken said . Created in 2005 , Megaupload was the 72nd-most-visited site on the Web during the past three months and has peaked as high as No. 13 , according to Internet traffic analytics firm Alexa . The site offered what 's called "  one-click hosting , " letting users upload anything on their hard drive or in cloud storage to the Web . The service gives users a URL that can then be shared with others -- often on discreet online message boards or social networks -- letting them access the file as well . MegaVideo was the site 's video service , letting even nonmembers view more than an hour of video at a time on the site , and MegaPix was a photo storage and sharing site in the mold of Flickr or Photobucket . People who paid for a premium account on the site were able to upload and download larger files . It was , by all accounts , a successful business model . The U.S. government said that it seized $ 50 million in assets and that much of the $ 175 million the site has earned since 2005 was due to copyright infringement . As Ars Technica notes , even the site 's graphic designer reportedly earned $ 1 million last year , and between them , the seven indicted people  including the creatively named Kim Dotcom  owned 15 Mercedes-Benzes , a Maserati , a Rolls-Royce and a Lamborghini . The blog TechCrunch has posted photos of seized assets , including the cars and a large house in New Zealand , in case you 're interested . Publicly , at least , the site frowned on illegal uploads . It featured a tool to report "  abuse , " gave copyright holders the ability to hunt for illegal content and registered with the U.S. government under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act , a law aimed at fighting piracy . The site 's owners have denied any wrongdoing in regard to copyright violation , and their attorney has said the site was wrongly shut down before its owners were allowed to address the charges against them . But the Justice Department says the anti-theft efforts were a facade -- that Megaupload 's employees knew they were enabling piracy and made the site difficult for outsiders to search for illegal material . In an unofficial sampling of CNN Tech readers on Twitter , many quickly acknowledged using the site to watch TV shows or movies . But others cited more legitimate uses , with some saying they 've lost legitimate content , not to mention money , after the government crackdown . Seng Ung of Boston said he recently paid roughly $ 260 for a lifetime membership so he could store old files from childhood and college . He did n't lose them , but now he 's gotten nothing in return for his payment , he said . Developers of open-source Linux and Homebrew software said they used it to upload projects they were working on together . Musicians , as well , said they stored songs for collaborative projects there . One user said she used it for sharing large zip files of photographs that were too unwieldy to send via e-mail . "  Megaupload was closed by the FBI ... was I the only ones who had it for work files ? " Twitter user Nina Andrade wrote . "  Just get me my files back !!! " The charges come at a time when online piracy is a hot topic . New legislation before the U.S. Congress -- which would have cracked down on piracy but , according to critics , would also have endangered free speech online -- has stalled at least temporarily after a massive online protest this week .  Full disclosure : CNN 's parent company , Time Warner , supports that anti-piracy legislation . Some people online say the Megaupload takedown , which came a day after Wikipedia and other sites went black in protest of the pending legislation , was largely symbolic -- singling out one site while bigger ones still thrive . With a couple of quick clicks on a pair of well-known file-sharing sites on Friday , CNN was able to see that Metallica 's entire discography , every "  Doctor Who " episode for the past six seasons and Steven Spielberg 's epic "  War Horse , " which is currently playing in theaters , were offered up for download by anyone seeking out those files .	The U.S. government shut down file-sharing site Megaupload on Thursday Megaupload let users upload files with a single click The government says the site 's owners knowingly allowed copyright infringement On Friday , pirated material was still easy to find on other sites
CNN  Qwaider Al Nabulsi is an unremarkable place , at first glance . The clue is in the glamorous Indian woman standing out front waxing lyrical to a group of hungry looking tourists . The setting is a Palestinian-Jordanian restaurant in Dubai  Qwaider Al Nabulsi , Al Muraqabat Street ; +971 4227 5559  , the tourists are refugees from the city 's culinary mainstream , and the woman is Arva Ahmed -- underground food guide extraordinaire . Ahmed is talking about the history and variety of Middle Eastern cooking . She rat-a-tat-tats to the assembled crowd about the spartan dishes of the Yemeni Bedouin and moves on to the love of vegetables in the fertile crescent through Turkey , Lebanon and Syria . Then she pauses as waiters appear from the restaurant to satisfy the food cravings Ahmed has stirred up . Onion and chili paste-stuffed falafel is the reward : like the restaurant it looks ordinary , but the dish is phenomenally tasty . The gooey , cheesy , sweet kunafa pastry served up afterward is likewise delicious . More : CNNGo in Dubai : The extravagant edition Food-tourism pioneer Frying Pan Adventures , Ahmed 's walking tours around a series of unheralded Dubai restaurants , are partly an opportunity for her to share her love and knowledge of favorite Middle Eastern dishes , but she is also something of a pioneer for a different kind of tourism in the city . From a culinary point of view , Dubai 's known for its outpost restaurants for celebrity chef empires . They tend to be stuck in an ostentatious tower along with strange spa treatments and a rooftop pool . Ahmed aims to show off an older , far less extrovert part of Dubai . Her beat is the Deira area on the north-eastern side of Dubai Creek , where her family has lived since 1989 . Breakfast stop Breakfast to Breakfast  Al Rigga Road , +971 4222 3566  is the second stop on the tour . Ahmed admits she avoided going here for a long time . It looked like a fast food joint -- and Dubai has no shortage of those . And so it was , but not of the chain variety . "  It does the best manousheh -- a Lebanese take on pizza , " Ahmed says  and why not have pizza for breakfast ?  . It 's fired briefly in front of us in the oven , then stretched out ultra-thin so it wo n't dominate the toppings -- which include sujuk , an Armenian sausage . More : Six things you should n't find in the desert Food market forces Getting Frying Pan Adventures off the ground was n't just a case of showcasing neglected , but delicious , food from everyday , working Dubai . It was also about fighting the corner -- make that establishing a corner -- for small , entrepreneurial tour companies among the big , mass market operators . "  In Dubai , you tend to have to be recognized and to throw a lot of money at something , to make it happen , " Ahmed says . "  But that 's changing -- small ideas are beginning to take off . " Birth of a food blog Thirty-year-old Ahmed was born to an Indian family living in the neighboring Emirate Sharjah , who moved to Dubai when she was six . After living in the United States for a while as an adult , she returned to Dubai in 2010 to help with her father 's non-food-related business and began writing a food blog -- "  I Live in a Frying Pan . " She soon found her ideal subject : Dubai 's unsung culinary centers . She took pride in locating homely looking joints that excelled in one particular dish . That quest led to finds such as Al Tawasol  Al Rigga Road , +971 4295 9797  , a Yemeni restaurant with what resemble private indoor tents complete with Bedouin carpets , at the back . The key dish here is mandi -- buttery chicken designed to be eaten , thoroughly messily , with the fingers . Apparently , the practice stems from traditional water-saving techniques : no plates equals less washing up . More : Best Dubai brunches : The good , the very good and the ` drunch ' A culinary conversation It took a conversation with a friend to spark the idea of using Ahmed 's knowledge of the Dubai food scene to set up walking tours . She thought she would only have to do a two-week tour-guiding course before she got started but she had n't reckoned on Dubai bureaucracy -- resembling some ancient desert defensive system . "  There are a lot of checks and balances , which is good for keeping out rogue operators , but it stifles creative ideas , " she says . "  The system is designed for veterans , and makes it extremely hard for an outsider to try anything . " Or fry anything . The irony is that Frying Pan Adventures -- finally launched in January 2013 -- offers precisely the more unusual sorts of experiences Dubai tourism chiefs are trying to promote . Dubai goes countercultural That 's right : Dubai is brushing out the hair gel , washing off the fake tan , putting the gold jewelry in a back drawer and going a little countercultural . In a bid to hit a target of 20 million tourists a year , the city-state 's Department of Tourism and Commerce Marketing wants to pump a lot more money into what it calls cultural and heritage tourism . AKA : things you can do in Dubai that do n't have "  seven-star " tacked in front of them . So , Ahmed could soon be riding a wave . Already she 's having to turn people away to keep the small group ethos . When tourists hate tourists She seems to have discovered an important and potentially lucrative truth : tourists often do n't like other tourists . "  They get wildly excited when they see a restaurant with no one like them in it , " she says . Like at Abshar  Al Maktoum Road , +971 4233 0555  an Iranian restaurant on the first floor of a non-descript mini-mall . It 's one of Ahmed 's favorites -- for its freshly made eggplant dip , bread sliding out of a roaring oven on wooden paddles and its rich fesenjoon stew of chicken , pomegranate and walnut . Manousheh fans , get in touch . See Frying Pan Adventures for tour dates and to book .	Arva Ahmed 's food tours seek out the most authentic dishes in Dubai Locations are sometimes unglamorous -- in a city renowned for glitz -- but recipes are delicious Lebanese pizza , chili felafel and fesenjoon chicken stew are among tour highlights Ahmed is helping to pioneer a different kind of Dubai tourism
Washington  CNN  -- As many as 20,000 federal prisoners could see their sentences shortened under a new proposal by the Justice Department . The department made its pitch Tuesday before the U.S. Sentencing Commission to make some current prisoners retroactively eligible for reduced sentences . The commission voted in April to reduce drug sentences for future nonviolent offenders . Sally Yates , U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Georgia , and Charles Samuels , director of the Federal Bureau of Prisons , presented the Justice Department 's proposal to the commission Tuesday . Attorney General Eric Holder plans to discuss the issue at an event later Tuesday . The department estimates the change would benefit up to 9 % of the federal prison population of nearly 217,000 . Not all prisoners who applied for the reduced sentences would receive them . The change is part of Holder 's "  Smart on Crime " efforts . The attorney general , who has said he wants to stay in office until late this year , is seeking to reduce prison population and loosen mandatory sentencing rules for nonviolent drug crimes . He often cites data showing that with only 5 % of the world 's population , the United States has nearly a quarter of the planet 's prisoners . The Justice Department proposal , set to be voted on next month , would reduce sentences by about 23 months on average for those already in prison and who qualify . It would apply to prisoners without "  significant " criminal histories , and whose crimes did n't involve weapons or violence . "  This proposal strikes the best balance between protecting public safety and addressing the overcrowding of our prison system that has been exacerbated by unnecessarily long sentences , " Holder was expected to say Tuesday , according to prepared remarks released by the Justice Department . Holder has won support from conservatives , including Sen. Rand Paul and some Republican governors , who view mandatory minimum laws as a federal government overreach . But he also faces pushback from some Republican lawmakers and from some rank-and-file members of law enforcement . Among the objections : The administration is making changes without congressional approval , and the changes reverse laws that many credit with historical crime rate reductions in the past decade . Sentenced to life in prison , man hopes new clemency rules will get him out Rules change means more drug offenders eligible for clemency	Justice Department aims to make some current prisoners eligible for reduced sentences AG Eric Holder aims to cut prison population , loosen sentencing for some drug crimes Plan would apply to some nonviolent prisoners without "  significant " criminal histories Some conservatives back Holder , but law enforcement , GOP lawmakers criticize plan
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- A third beluga whale belonging to the world 's largest aquarium has died , the Georgia Aquarium announced late Monday . The exact cause of Nico 's sudden death on Saturday is inconclusive from the initial necropsy or animal autopsy . The Georgia Aquarium hopes to find out more information in the months ahead from a more detailed necropsy . "  As we work with and care for the many animals at the Georgia Aquarium , we become attached emotionally , " said Dr. Gregory D. Bossart , chief veterinary officer at the aquarium . "  The loss is not unlike that of faithful dog or special horse that has been a part your life for years . " Nico died at Sea World in San Antonio , where he and two other beluga whales had been moved temporarily while the Georgia Aquarium is undergoing renovation . Nico was scheduled to return home to Atlanta next month with companions Maris and Natasha . Nico arrived in Atlanta with Gaspar , two whales obtained from a park in Mexico . Both animals suffered "  significant health issues " from their times in a foreign park and were essentially "  living on borrowed time , " said Bossart , who had been caring for the two whales as far as nine years ago , while they were still in Mexico . "  We rescued Nico knowing that he had health issues due to his prior home , but we were confident that we could provide a better quality of life for his final years , " Bossart said . Gaspar was suffering from a bone disease contracted before arriving at the downtown Atlanta aquarium and was euthanized in January 2007 . Another beluga whale , Marina , died 11 months later from complications of old age . Beluga whales or white whales , whose name is derived from a Russian word meaning white , typically live in Arctic and sub-Arctic regions including Canada , Russia , Greenland and the U.S. state of Alaska . They can live up to 35 years . The belugas are not the only high-profile deaths at the Georgia Aquarium , which opened in late 2005 . A pair of whale sharks have also died at the eight-million-gallon facility , the only one outside Asia to display the giant fish . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	After autopsy , the cause of Nico 's sudden death Saturday is inconclusive Nico died at Sea World in San Antonio , where he was kept temporarily The Georgia Aquarium is undergoing renovations , which is why Nico was moved
CNN  -- A large storm system flooding portions of New York , Pennsylvania and New England on Friday afternoon has claimed at least eight lives , including seven in North Carolina , officials said . Nowhere was the misery more evident than Bertie County in northeastern North Carolina , where water in places was almost to the top of stop signs . The situation in the town of Windsor , which has about 2,000 residents , was dire Friday afternoon , said County Manager Zee Lamb . Perhaps 175 people have been rescued from rising floodwaters since Thursday night , Lamb said . "  A lot of people can not get to their homes . " Rescue shelters were set up and animals in a small zoo were taken to higher ground . Dramatic video footage showed the damage and the Cashie River , which is about 16 feet above flood stage . Most roads to the town were closed or partially closed . "  The county library is under 5 feet of water in the town of Windsor , " Lamb said . "  You can not get to the courthouse by road . I got here by boat today . " Many businesses in the city are underwater , said Lamb , adding the county has asked the state for emergency assistance . Some buildings had water 6 to 7 feet deep on their first floor . Historic homes in the town were damaged . Townspeople were surprised by the extent of the flooding , Lamb said . " -LSB- Hurricane -RSB- Floyd -LSB- in 1999 -RSB- was supposed to be the 100-year-old flood . Eleven years later we have another major flood . " The storm system was dropping heavy rain in the Northeast as the remnants of Tropical Storm Nicole interacted with an upper-level low and a frontal boundary . An advisory from the National Weather Service said up to three more inches of rain may fall in the region . Flood watches and warnings were in effect from the mid-Atlantic states to Maine . High-wind warnings were in effect from Massachusetts to Maine , with wind gusts up to 60 mph . Boston was already feeling the effects , although the rain was expected to clear by Saturday morning . Philadelphia and much of eastern and central Pennsylvania were deluged by rainfall and a motorist died after driving into floodwaters near Skippack Creek , state troopers said . Troopers saw the vehicle floating near a golf course but were unable to reach the female driver , who was later found dead . Police said a 72-year-old woman was trapped for more than eight hours inside her car in Cumru Township before she escaped , according to WFMZ . The outlook was for clearer skies later in the day . A weather-related accident Thursday claimed four lives in Washington County , North Carolina , where a Jeep Grand Cherokee hydroplaned and ended up in a ditch filled with water . Four of five people in the SUV drowned . They were from Gwinnett County , Georgia . A 3-year-old survived and was hospitalized Friday , officials said . Two motorists died in Dare County on Friday , and another was killed in Pamlico County , said Julia Jarema , spokeswoman for the North Carolina Division of Emergency Management . About 150 roads were in North Carolina at one point were closed and some people were evacuated in Bertie County , said Patty McQuillan , communications officer for the state 's Department of Crime Control and Public Safety . Major road closures included U.S. 158 in Elizabeth City , U.S. 264 in Beaufort County and U.S. 17 in Windsor . In Swansboro , North Carolina , eight people were rescued , an emergency management official said . That scene repeated itself in a few other North Carolina and Virginia communities . Airport delays are expected to be crippling in the Northeast again , with ground stops and delays of three hours or more at the New York City airports and in Boston , Massachusetts . Baltimore , Maryland -- at 6.02 inches -- on Thursday had its wettest September day ever . Norfolk , Virginia , endured nearly 12 inches of rainfall . CNN affiliate WUSA showed images of flooding in St. Mary 's County , Maryland . Rain left city streets underwater , stranded vehicles and sent scores of people to shelters and caused major delays at airports along the East Coast . Skies were beginning to clear Friday in much of the Carolinas and Virginia . Wilmington , North Carolina , has received 22.54 inches of rain since Sunday , the National Weather Service said . September 's total of 22.72 inches was shy of the record 23.41 inches in 1999 . "  Water-wise , it was significant , " said Warren Lee , emergency management director for New Hanover County , which includes three beach communities . Monday was actually worse than Thursday , said Lee , because the heavy rain hit bone-dry ground and sparked flash flooding . Crews will do a damage assessment Friday , he said , indicating there were few evacuations and little wind damage . Sixty miles up the coast , there was extensive flooding in Swansboro , according to Norman Bryson with Onslow County Emergency Management . The town was completely cut off to vehicular traffic . In Carolina Beach , a lake overflowed and flooded downtown , a video from CNN affiliate WRAL showed one person kayaking through the streets . U.S. 421 remained closed Friday morning . Carolina Beach Town Manager Tim Owens said the weather was improving Friday and the town expects tourists to return for the weekend . He said some residents near the retention lake likely have some flood damage . "  We fared pretty well , " he said . CNN iReporters snapped flood photos and told their tales . In upstate New York , Esopus Creek , a tributary of the Hudson River , overflowed and flooded shops and homes in downtown Phoenicia , said Kevin Keaveny . "  I 've never seen the water come up to the streets , " he said . Margaret Pelczynski of Buffalo , New York , was visiting Carolina Beach . "  This only confirms my beliefs that I 'd gladly take a blizzard any day over this rain , wind and flooding , " she wrote . And William Bernstein Jr. posted photos of Virginia Beach , Virginia . He said there were rescues Thursday and trees down in the Tidewater area . "  I believe this will be one we will remember a long time , " he wrote . In Norfolk and Portsmouth , Virginia , many streets were flooded , as were stretches of Interstate 264 , according to CNN Virginia affiliate WAVY 10 . Some in the area are without power because of downed lines . Chris Hauser of Suffolk told WAVY he woke up to find water in his garage and up to 14 inches of water in his back yard , which is near a lake . As he stood on wooden planks just above the floodwater , Hauser quipped , "  Now I have my dock that I always thought about building . " CNN 's Shawn Nottingham , Angela Fritz , Dave Alsup , Phil Gast , Taylor Ward and Scott Thompson contributed to this report .	Town in Bertie County , North Carolina , virtually underwater At least eight deaths attributed to storm CNN iReporters file dispatches from the scene High wind warnings issued for parts of Northeast ; airport delays likely
CNN  -- Commercial air travel is already filled with annoyances like shrinking personal space , overpriced meals and frequent delays . For many people , there 's one bright spot to flying : A forced break from making , receiving and hearing phone calls . That could change with the Federal Communication Commissions new proposal to drop the ban on cellular connections and allow phone calls once a plane reaches 10,000 feet . The FCC first pitched the idea in 2004 , before the rise of the smartphone . The reaction from passengers and flight attendant unions at the time was loud and negative : phone calls on planes would be disruptive , annoying and a potential safety issue . The FCC decided against the proposal . Now people are more attached to their tablets and smartphones . So much so that they rebelled against the ban on using small electronic devices such as phones , tablets and e-readers during takeoff and landing . After reviewing safety issues , the FAA and airlines finally gave in this month and relaxed restrictions . An unpopular idea Quietly playing games or reading e-books on a tablet or phone is one thing , but chatting away mid-flight does n't seem to be as in demand . In a survey of 1,600 adults by an advisory group , the FAA found that 61 % of people supported a ban on making calls while in the air . "  I 'm definitely against it , " said Spud Hilton , travel editor at the San Francisco Chronicle . "  People would be carrying on loud , full-voiced conversations right next to someone who does n't want to hear it . " The Association of Flight Attendants , the world 's largest union of flight attendants , came out against the idea on Thursday , citing safety and security concerns . "  In far too many operational scenarios , passengers making phone calls could extend beyond a mere nuisance , creating negative effects on aviation safety and security that are great and far too risky , " the AFA said in a statement . Brett Snyder , who blogs about the airline industry on Crankyflier.com , agrees with lifting the restriction and thinks each airline should be allowed to set its own policy . "  The public in the U.S. seems to be strongly against cell phones on airplanes , but let the airlines make the decision on whether or not they want to move forward and allow it , " said Snyder . Keeping the peace Cell phones could cause friction between passengers who want to talk and passengers who would prefer peace and quiet . They would introduce yet another behavior flight attendants would have to police . "  We 're trained to de-escalate . Why would you put something in the environment that can escalate ? " said Veda Shook , the international president of the Association of Flight Attendants . Shook has worked as a flight attendant for the past 22 years . "  The idea potentially introduces yet another stress factor into an already stressful environment , " said airline pilot Patrick Smith of AskThePilot.com . The stress is made worse by tight quarters . When taking a phone call in public , it 's good etiquette to keep 10 feet away from other people , protocol expert Pamela Eyring told Reuters . It 's not even possible to get 10 inches of space on an airplane , where economy class seats are typically 17 to 18 inches wide and each seat is butted up against the one next to it . One option is for the FCC and airlines to allow cell phone use and hope that passengers act responsibly and only make calls when necessary and speak in a quiet voice . Unfortunately , the firsthand experience of flight attendants , frequently fliers and people who take other forms of mass transit cast doubt on that dream scenario . "  The real problem with travel , especially air travel , is not baggage fees , it 's not long lines ... the real problem with travel is other travelers , " said Hilton . The "  quiet car " option This is not the first time the issue has come up . Terrestrial mass transit systems , including subways , buses and trains , have already struggled with the invasion of cell phones and loud talkers . Some trains have addressed the problem of disruptive passengers on cellphones by adding quiet cars during certain hours . The Metro-North railroad has separate cars during rush hour where noise , loud chatting , and phone calls are prohibited . Some Amtrak trains also offer quiet cars , which forbid phone calls and any noise technology , and feature dimmed , soothing lighting . Greyhound bus lines does n't have an official policy , but individual bus drivers have been known to crack down on loud talkers . Unfortunately , quiet sections are n't a practical solution for airplanes  though they would add yet another "  premium " seating feature for which airlines could charge extra  . "  On an airplane , there 's no such thing as a quiet car , " said Shook . "  In my opinion it 's not that different from having a smoking section on a 747 , it 's absurd . " Smoking sections , which separated smokers and nonsmokers with a row of seats , were banned in the United States along with smoking on airplanes in 1988 . Before 1973 , smokers could light up in any seat they liked . "  Theoretically , you could have a talking section and a nontalking section , but you 'd have to put up some serious plexiglass , " said Hilton . Discount Malaysian airline AirAsia introduced a quiet zone in early 2013 . Sandwiched between first class and economy , the zone is an adult-only section intended to give travelers a respite from screeching children . Like smoke from cigarettes and the sound of a crying baby , a loud phone conversation would likely ignore any invisible barriers and carry through an entire plane . Call waiting The FCC will present its proposal in December , but even if it passes , it will be a while before in-flight cell phone calls are a reality . Cell phone towers are on the ground and airplanes will need special equipment before passengers can dial out . "  As it stands , cellular phones simply will not work at higher altitudes in an airplane cabin . Changing this will require investment in on-board technology , " said Smith . Individual airlines will have to decide if allowing calls is something they want to allow . A more business-oriented airline might jump at the opportunity to lure working travelers . Others might side with the majority of passengers and flight attendants and stick with a policy of "  silence is golden . " "  There 's so much hustle and bustle out there already , " said Shook . "  Can people just have some peace and quiet for a few hours ? It 's not that retro of an idea . "	The FCC is proposing lifting the ban on cell phone calls on airplanes during flights Flight attendants and many passengers are against the idea for noise and safety reasons Creating a quiet area is one possible way to appease both sides , but sound will still carry
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The dominance of England 's Premier League has been built on its clubs ' ability to lure the world 's best players with high wages . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger believes the UK 's tax rate rise will hurt the Premier League 's competitiveness . But that could all be about to change after last month 's decision by the British government to raise the level of top-rate income tax from 60 cents in every $ 1.50 to 75 cents . The rate rise , which takes effect from April of 2010 , will mean that some well-off people -- including Premier League footballers -- will pay half of any income over $ 226,000 in tax . And given the average basic salary for a Premier League player is $ 1.8 m , it will make a difference to a lot of players , not just the foreign superstars like Brazil 's Robinho and Portuguese striker Cristiano Ronaldo . English premiership managers such as Arsenal 's Arsene Wenger believes the tax hike will hurt the Premier League 's ability to attract the best players while potentially driving out those players unhappy at paying out more in tax . Wenger was asked if the success of English sides was overly reliant on having the best foreign players . "  That time will soon be over because with the new taxation system , with the collapse of sterling , the domination of the Premier League on that front will go , that is for sure , " he told the UK 's Sunday Times newspaper in a recent interview . Pete Hackleton , who works for accountancy firm Deloitte 's sports business group , believes Wenger could be proved right . "  An increase in the tax rate and the decline of the pound against the Euro over the last year to 18 months does put the Premier League at a disadvantage , " he told CNN . "  I 'd say it will have a sizable impact upon the Premier League 's competitiveness against other countries . Clubs are going to have to think about how they react to it . " The Premier League 's ability to remain the most marketable league in the world has been built on the ability to attract the best talent . But if that talent is unhappy at seeing half or less of their salaries , other leagues in countries with more generous tax bands may become more enticing . Spain 's top division , La Liga , is one of the Premier League 's biggest rivals in terms of the quality of its product , and it is likely to be best placed to capitalize should England drop the ball . The reason -- aside from the weather -- is the so-called "  Beckham Law . " The country 's government introduced legislation four years ago which effectively caps non-Spanish nationals ' tax at 24 percent . David Beckham was among the first foreigners to take advantage of it while he was playing for Real Madrid . English clubs desperate to keep hold of their best players without breaking the bank undoubtedly have a challenge on their hands going into the off-season . But there is a little room for maneuver . One area is in a player 's image rights , which can be hugely lucrative . If a player is aligned to an image rights company , payments into those companies are income of the image rights company , and the player is not taxed on them . Additionally , the club does not need to make UK social security contributions on those payments . So will the tax rise , married to a falling pound , prompt an exodus of players from England ? "  I suspect some of the top players will want to continue to be paid what they 're paid at the moment and it 's up to clubs to decide if they can afford to pay that , " continued Hackleton . "  And it 's a call for the players to make if they believe they can receive more money elsewhere . " Highest-paid players and top rates of tax per country Italy 43 per cent Zlatan Ibrahimovic  Internazionale  , Ricardo Kaka  AC Milan  $ 12m each Spain 43 percent  24 percent for non-nationals Lionel Messi  Barcelona  $ 11.2 m England 50 percent John Terry , Frank Lampard  both Chelsea  $ 10.1 m each USA 35 percent David Beckham  Los Angeles Galaxy  $ 6.5 m Argentina 35 per cent Juan Roman Riquelme  Boca Juniors  $ 4.5 m Russia 13 percent Anatoliy Tymoshchuk  Zenit St Petersburg  $ 4m Japan 50 percent Naohiro Takahara  Urawa Red Diamonds  $ 1.74 m Sources : Total Football Magazine , MLS Players Union , Futebol Finance	Top rate of UK tax set to be 50 percent , the fourth highest in the developed world The average Premier League footballer 's annual salary is $ 1.8 m  # 1.2 m Tax expert believes rate rise plus weakened pound will hurt Premier League
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- An Israeli Cabinet member said the Jewish state "  will attack " Iran if it does n't halt its efforts to develop nuclear weaponry , according to a newspaper report Friday . Shaul Mofaz is Israel 's main liaison with the United States on strategic issues . "  If Iran continues its program to develop nuclear weapons , we will attack it , " Deputy Prime Minister Shaul Mofaz told Yediot Ahronot , Israel 's largest mass-circulation daily . "  The window of opportunity has closed . The sanctions are not effective . There will be no alternative but to attack Iran in order to stop the Iranian nuclear program . " Mofaz 's threat is one of the most explicit made against the Islamic Republic of Iran by a member of Prime Minister Ehud Olmert 's Cabinet . The threat is not without precedent . In 1981 , Israeli warplanes destroyed an Iraqi nuclear reactor being built by Saddam Hussein 's regime . Israel also is reported to have targeted a Syrian reactor in September . It also has significant political resonance in Israel amid talk that Mofaz has begun jockeying to replace Olmert , who is embroiled in a corruption probe , as the ruling Kadima Party 's leader and prime minister . At least one Cabinet member , Defense Minister Ehud Barak , has called for Olmert to step down . Mofaz , Israel 's transport and road safety minister , is the main Israeli liaison with the United States on strategic issues , and his views on security have great import . He was born in Iran in 1948 and is a former defense minister , former armed forces chief and a member of Israel 's Security Cabinet . Mofaz was reiterating a prevailing view among Kadima officials and other Israeli politicians that international sanctions targeting Iran and its nuclear program are n't working . The West believes Iran 's aim is to build nuclear weapons , while Iran says it is developing nuclear energy for peaceful purposes . Asked how he responds to the harsh statements of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in Rome that Israel should be wiped off the map , Mofaz said : "  He will disappear before Israel does . " Yediot Ahronot on Friday published excerpts of an interview with Mofaz that is to appear in the paper 's Sunday holiday edition . The Jewish holiday of Shavuot is ushered in that evening . Mofaz 's remarks come a couple of days after Olmert said at a pro-Israeli conference in the United States that the "  Iranian threat must be stopped by all possible means . " "  Israel and the United States have long understood the acute danger embodied in a nuclear Iran , and are working closely in a concerted , coordinated effort to prevent Iran from becoming nuclear . Israel will not tolerate the possibility of a nuclear Iran , and neither should any other country in the free world , " Olmert said to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee convention . In April , Israeli Infrastructure Minister Benjamin Ben-Eliezer said that "  an Iranian attack will lead to a harsh retaliation by Israel , which will lead to the destruction of the Iranian nation . " CNN 's Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	International sanctions on Iran not effective , minister tells newspaper Deputy Prime Minister Shaul Mofaz is possible candidate for prime minister Israeli PM said earlier this week that "  Iranian threat must be stopped " Iran says it 's trying to develop nuclear energy ; West sees arms ambitions
CNN  -- At least 38 people have died in mudslides on the Portuguese island of Madeira , which was hit by heavy downpours overnight , an official told CNN on Saturday . Pedro Barbosa , the vice president of the Civil Protection Agency in Madeira , told CNN that an unknown number of people were missing -- perhaps dozens , he said . The mudslides and flooding caused substantial damage to roads and homes in the capital , Funchal , and in Ribeira Brava , which are both on the southern portion of the Atlantic island , which lies about 600 miles southwest of Portugal , Barbosa said . Portuguese Prime Minister Jose Socrates and Interior Minister Rui Pereira arrived on the island on Saturday , according to CNN affiliate Radio e Televisao de Portugal  RTP  . Socrates told RTP that "  the situation is under control " and the government is offering all its support to regional authorities . The country 's president , Cavaco Silva , expressed his condolences to the people of Madeira in a televised statement and promised to do everything to help "  during this difficult time . " Pedro Ramos of Dr. Nelio Mendonca Hospital in Funchal , told CNN that 68 wounded people were hospitalized from the mudslides and flooding . Three were critical , he said . The vice president of Madeira 's regional government had tallied 68 victims with injuries , according to the official Lusa news agency . The floodwaters overturned cars and knocked down trees , Barbosa said . Authorities have evacuated hundreds of people to military and civil protection facilities in Funchal , he said . Search and rescue teams have been reinforced , but have n't been able to reach every area , according to the Civil Protection Agency . The Portuguese military has dispatched five teams to help with search and rescue efforts , it announced on its Web site . The military is also ready to shelter up to 130 people where 50 people are already staying , it said . Barbosa said weather conditions have substantially improved , with the rains winding down . Madeira , an autonomous region of Portugal , is a popular resort destination . There have been no reports of any dead or missing tourists . CNN 's Umaro Djau contributed to this report .	NEW : Portuguese military has dispatched five teams to help with search and rescue efforts NEW : Weather has substantially improved , civil protection official says Madeira hit by heavy downpours overnight , triggering mudslide that killed at least 38 Unknown number of people , perhaps dozens , are missing , official tells CNN
CNN  -- If running a 42 kilometer foot race was not tough enough , Sunday 's Beijing International Marathon saw thousands of competitors brave a "  hazardous " smog which engulfed the Chinese capital . Many runners wore face or gas marks to attempt to protect themselves from the effects of the poor air quality but there were several withdrawals before and during the race as runners feared for their health . It did not stop Ethiopia 's Girmay Birhanu Gebru from winning the 34th edition of the race in two hours 10 minutes and 42 seconds , with his compatriot Fatuma Sado Dergo taking the women 's title . But many leading runners did stay away -- perhaps taking their cue from Gebru 's compatriot , the great Haile Gebrselassie , who opted out of running the marathon in the 2008 Olympics in Beijing because he was asthmatic and feared the effects of smog . This is caused by tiny particles known as PM2 .5 , which can embed themselves deep in the lungs , and had reached more than 400 micrograms per cubic meter as the runners lined up for the start in Tiananmen Square . The recommended daily average maximum level of exposure as prescribed by the World Health Organization is just 25 micrograms . The United States embassy in Beijing , which monitors air quality daily , described the conditions on its official website as "  hazardous " -- with the advice to "  avoid prolonged or heavy exertion . " The conditions proved too much for British runner Chas Pope , 39 , who pulled out after 10km . "  When I looked at the state of the mask after 10 km I decided enough was enough , " he tweeted . "  It felt pretty ridiculous given we 're meant to be running for health and fitness . " Organizers reportedly decided against abandoning the race because of the large number of overseas entrants who had traveled to Beijing for the annual race . But they made available 140,000 sponges so runners could get some relief on the course by hoping to wipe away the particles of smog at regular intervals . At the finish near the Olympic Park many runners complained about the conditions , but there were no immediate reports of any serious health problems among competitors . China , like many rapidly emerging economies , has suffered from poor air quality and pollution , particularly in its major cities . Experts say it is caused , in the main , by the use of coal in electricity and power generation and emissions from the growing number of motor vehicles . For the Beijing Games in 2008 , the government imposed draconian restrictions on car use in the Chinese capital and factories were ordered to reduce their production .	Sunday 's Beijing Marathon hit by poor air quality in Chinese capital "  Hazardous " smog made for testing conditions Many runners donned face and gas masks Ethiopian runners win men 's and women 's elite races
CNN  -- Samsung 's new flagship Android smartphone , the Galaxy S3 , today becomes available in 28 countries , including several European markets such as Germany and the UK . The Galaxy S3 is the cream of the crop of Android smartphones , with a 4.8-inch touchscreen , a 8-megapixel rear-facing and 1.9-megapixel forward-facing camera , and the latest version of Android â $ " Ice Cream Sandwich . It also sports some neat innovations , such as a sensor that tracks eye movement , preventing the screen from going dark when you 're looking at the device . Time.com : Samsung Galaxy S III ` pebble blue ' model delayed for weeks Read more : http://techland.time.com/2012/05/29/samsung-galaxy-s-iii-blue-model-delayed-for-weeks/#ixzz1wHq38XMK Samsung Galaxy S3 is not yet available with US carriers , but rumors say it 's just a matter of weeks . In July , the device should be available in 145 countries and 296 carriers . If you 're willing to dish out $ 799 for the LTE-less version of the device , though , you can do so right now at Amazon . Read the original story on Mashable . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Samsung 's Galaxy S3 phone goes on sale today in 28 countries in Europe and the Middle East The Galaxy S3 is not yet available from U.S. carriers , but rumors say it 's just a matter of weeks
CNN  -- European football 's governing body has opened fresh disciplinary proceedings against Croatia over alleged racist behavior by its supporters during a Euro 2012 match against Spain . UEFA cited the "  improper conduct of supporters  display of racist banners and symbols  " by Croatia fans during the game in Gdansk on Monday . Croatia , which was eliminated from Euro 2012 after losing the match 1-0 , has already been admonished twice during Euro 2012 over the conduct of its fans . Wednesday 's Uefa statement read : "  Uefa has today opened disciplinary proceedings against the Croatian Football Federation  HNS  for the setting-off and throwing of fireworks , and the improper conduct of supporters  display of racist banners and symbols  at the EURO 2012 Group C match against Spain in Gdansk on Monday . "  The disciplinary case also involves the improper conduct of the team  six Croatian players received a yellow card during the match  . " The UEFA Control and Disciplinary Body will deal with the case on Sunday , it said . Croatia was fined 80,000 Euros on Monday after Italy striker Mario Balotelli was racially abused by fans during a previous match . And last week , the HNS was fined after supporters let off flares during the game against Republic of Ireland . The issue of racism has threatened to mar Euro 2012 , which is being co-hosted by Poland and Ukraine . Members of the Dutch squad claimed to hear monkey noises during an open training session in Krakow , Poland , before the tournament started , though the Dutch FA opted not to lodge an official complaint with UEFA . In addition , family members of two black English players chose not to travel to the competition for fear of being subjected to racism . UEFA has already taken the step of writing a letter to the mayors of each host city asking for a zero-tolerance approach to racist abuse . Uefa also fined England 's Football Association 5,000 Euros on Wednesday over the "  inappropriate conduct " of fans in last week 's Euro 2012 match against Sweden . The fine related to an attempted pitch invasion by English supporters after England won the match in Kiev , Ukraine .	Croatian Football Federation in trouble over fan behavior for third time at Euro 2012 UEFA investigating "  display of racist banners and symbols " during match against Spain Croatia was already fined on Monday after fans racially abused Italy 's Mario Balotelli Croatian FA also punished after supporters let off flares during match against Republic of Ireland
CNN  -- We 've come a long way since my early days as the associate medical director of the AIDS clinic at San Francisco General Hospital in the 1980s and 1990s . By 1990 , I had seen over 500 patients die from a disease that we just could n't treat . As an infectious disease doctor , I was overcome not only by the tragic loss of life , but also by the inability to find the "  magic bullet " to help prevent these deaths . Like many of my colleagues , I devoted my time to caring for my patients and to research . I am proud to say that many of the successful antiretroviral treatments  ART  that were developed emerged from San Francisco General . HIV/AIDS treatment was then , and remains today , a true game-changer in saving lives . In the early 1990s , we made unprecedented progress in addressing AIDS in the United States by putting people on treatment . Yet , when I traveled to Africa in the mid-1990s , I was devastated to see what was happening there . AIDS was literally destroying an entire generation , and eroding the very foundation of many African nations . At that time , 85 % of the burden of disease was in sub-Saharan Africa and less than 5 % of the treatment capability was there . That was when I realized that devoting my energies solely to international work was the natural evolution of my career . I was determined that this history of lives needlessly lost would not be repeated . We could not -- and our country has not -- turn our backs on the suffering that was right in front of us . Today , as President Obama makes this historic trip to Africa , we are at a point where an AIDS-free generation is within sight . With the world 's largest number of people living with HIV and AIDS  5.6 million  , South Africa has always been on the front lines of the epidemic . The U.S. government 's response to the epidemic in South Africa began in 2003 when non-governmental organizations initiated the provision of ART . In October 2009 , the tide truly began to turn when South African President Jacob Zuma declared : "  We need to move with urgency and purpose to confront this enormous challenge ... Most importantly , all South Africans need to know their HIV status , and be informed of the treatment options available to them . " The South African government , with support from the U.S. President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief  PEPFAR  and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis  TB  and Malaria , has saved hundreds of thousands of South African lives . To date , we have joined forces to provide 7 million South Africans with HIV testing and counseling , conducted over 170,000 voluntary medical male circumcisions for HIV prevention , and supported more than 1.6 million on ART . And South Africa has reduced the rate of mother-to-child transmission of HIV at six weeks of life dramatically -- from 8.7 % in 2008 to 2.7 % in 2011 . PEPFAR has invested $ 3.7 billion in supporting South Africa 's HIV/AIDS efforts . As South Africa 's battle against AIDS has evolved , so has PEPFAR 's support . Last year , we signed an agreement to make our partnership based on co-investment , showcasing South Africa 's leadership in caring for and treating its own people . As U.S. funding shifts increasingly to HIV prevention , health systems strengthening and technical support -- South Africa is expanding its own investments in the care and treatment of HIV and TB . With the South African government in the lead -- coordinating planning and alignment of implementation with PEPFAR , the Global Fund , and other development partners -- will we see reduced costs and increased access to health and social services . These new partnerships with high-burden countries , forged by the Obama administration , have been a driving force in our collective push to achieve an AIDS-free generation . They allow PEPFAR to invest its resources where they are most needed -- in those countries whose governments do not yet have the capacity to provide critical services for their citizens . Last week , I attended a 10th anniversary celebration of PEPFAR with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , at which he announced that the one-millionth baby will be born HIV-free this month , thanks to PEPFAR . One million babies in 10 years . Today , I am proud to stand with President Barack Obama and Archbishop Desmond Tutu at one of the pioneering youth and HIV centers in Cape Town . Thanks to the dedication of President George W. Bush , President Obama and bipartisan support from the U.S. Congress -- what a difference a decade has made . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eric P. Goosby .	HIV/AIDS treatment has come a long way in a decade , Goosby says South Africa has been on the front lines of the epidemic , he says PEPFAR has invested $ 3.7 billion in supporting South Africa 's HIV/AIDS efforts
CNN  -- Four-time NBA champion Shaquille O'Neal has announced he is retiring from basketball after a 19-year career in the sport . The 39-year-old posted a link to a video on his Twitter account that confirmed he is to hang up his boots . In a brief message he said : "  We did it . Nineteen years , baby . I want to thank you very much . That 's why I 'm telling you first . I 'm about to retire . Love you . Talk to you soon . " O'Neal has been dogged by injuries in the latter stages of his career and played only 37 games for the Boston Celtics this season after struggling with an Achilles tendon problem . He returned for two playoff games against the Miami Heat but managed just 12 minutes , and he told an ESPN reporter that he did n't want to let Celtics fans down . He was quoted by AFP as saying : "  I really thought about coming back but this Achilles is very damaged and if I had it done the recovery would be so long we 'd have the same outcome as this last year -- everyone sitting around and waiting for me . "  I did n't want to let people down two years in a row . I did n't want to hold Boston hostage again . "  I 'm letting everybody know now so the organization can try to get younger talent . I would love to come back , but they say once the Achilles is damaged it 's never the same . I do n't want to take that chance . " O'Neal won three titles with the LA Lakers after forming a devastating partnership with Kobe Bryant , and added to his haul with a fourth in 2006 when at the Miami Heat . With 28,596 points , O'Neal is fifth on the all-time NBA scoring list and is second only to Michael Jordan on the all-time list of NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Awards . He began his career in 1992 when the Orlando Magic picked him first in the NBA Draft . The following season he was named rookie of the year . He took the NBA scoring title in 1995 as he led the Magic to the NBA finals in 1995 , but they were beaten by Houston . He won the accolade again in 2000 , when the Lakers won the finals .	Shaquille O'Neal announces his retirement from basketball Known as "  Shaq , " O'Neal had a 19-year career in the sport , winning four NBA titles He has struggled with injury and played just 37 games for the Boston Celtics last year The 39-year-old is fifth on the all-time NBA scoring list
In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . CNN 's Gary Tuchman accompanied a Border Patrol unit in Nogales , Arizona , and experienced the variety and the danger of law enforcement life firsthand . CNN 's Gary Tuchman pulls his weight on ride-along with 64 lbs . of marijuana seized by law enforcement . NOGALES , Arizona  CNN  -- Nogales , Arizona , is a small city . Just more than 20,000 people live here , according to the 2005 census . But spend a couple of days here with law enforcement , and your head will spin . Almost half of all illegal drugs seized from Mexico last year were seized in the eastern Arizona region , and Nogales is the largest border city in this U.S. border patrol sector . In the past six months , the Border Patrol has seized about 500,000 pounds of illegal drugs here , which is 15 percent higher than the previous six months . Each day , hundreds of people are arrested , mostly for immigration violations but many for drug and weapons crimes . The temporary jail cells in the Border Patrol station in Nogales are often overflowing . The Border Patrol boss in this sector says his agents were assaulted 260 times within the past year . One night this week , we saw the danger and variety of lawbreaking activity experienced here quite vividly . At the immigration checkpoint set up a half-hour north of Nogales on Interstate 19 , a semi truck is pulled over when the drug-sniffing dog detects something . The back of the truck is opened , and inside are thousands of tomatoes , but the dog is still not happy . The truck is taken back to the Border Patrol station , and agents climb over the tomatoes . And that 's where they find the stash . Bales and bales of dope . Forty bales of marijuana . Nine hundred eight pounds , to be exact . At a street value of $ 800 a pound , the authorities estimate they kept $ 720,000 worth of marijuana off the streets . I interview the man arrested for driving the shipment . The operating theory : that he is doing dirty work for one of the Mexican cartels . But the Mexican man tells me he is not scared , because "  I was just carrying tomatoes . " He claims that he knew nothing about the nearly half-ton of pot . The man will be telling that to the judge and could face significant time in an American prison . Illegal drugs consume the day of all law enforcement people here . We drive with the Border Patrol in the late hours of the night and hear a call over the radio that two men have been spotted jumping the border wall with backpacks . The chase is on , and another dog is brought to the area . The men disappear , but the dog picks up a scent in the heavy , hilly brush . Sarah the drug-sniffing dog is taught to sit when she finds something . She suddenly sits and then jumps on what looks like bushes . It turns out the bushes are actually attached to sacks of marijuana . Two 25-pound sacks full of pot . They were abandoned by the men when they ran away after being spotted . Street value , at least $ 40,000 . Ray Rivera , the agent who works with Sarah , told me that over the past two years , Sarah has found nearly 7,000 pounds of pot . But Rivera also is pretty heroic . Just a couple of weeks ago , he was shot in the leg when a man he was chasing committed suicide . The bullet passed through the man 's face and into Rivera 's knee . Law enforcement life here is not for the squeamish . Before we leave this area , we go to a rural area west of Nogales where we hear illegal immigrants and drug couriers often try to get into the United States . When we get there , we see why . The tall border fence abruptly ends as it gets close to a small mountain , but there is plenty of space for people to squeeze into the United States . We wander about 10 feet into Mexico to look at some of the clothes , water bottles and cigarette boxes that people have left behind . As we get ready to leave , we see a Border Patrol vehicle zooming towards us . They do n't know we 're with CNN ; they think we may be criminals . One of the four agents points his rifle at us and demands that we keep our hands in plain sight . They search our car , and we tell them who we are and what we 're doing . They say they spotted us because of their long-range video cameras . They tell us to give them a heads up next time we go exploring , and all is well . The agents did their job well . But there are only so many of them and an immense amount of border . After spending time with these agents , it 's easy to see how sometimes what they do feels like a thankless task .	About half of seizures of illegal drugs from Mexico occurred in eastern Arizona region In past six months , Border Patrol has seized about 500,000 pounds of drugs Bushels of tomatoes conceal 908 lbs . of marijuana in truck seized by patrol CNN 's Gary Tuchman : "  Law enforcement life here is not for the squeamish "
New York  CNN  -- A veteran police officer died from his injuries Friday after a shooting in Poughkeepsie , New York , according to the Poughkeepsie Police Department . The name of the deceased officer , an 18-year veteran of the department , was not released pending notification of relatives . Another police officer was being treated for a minor injury at Vasser Medical Center , Poughkeepsie Police Chief Ronald Knapp said at a press conference Friday afternoon . "  Today is the worst day our city has seen in perhaps our history , " Mayor Mike Tkazyik said . Two other people died in the incident . The suspected gunman died from gunshot wounds at St. Francis Hospital in Poughkeepsie , according to hospital spokesman Greg Zurawick . Another victim , an unidentified female , was also shot , according to Knapp . She is believed to be the wife of the suspected gunman . The deceased officer suffered a single gunshot wound to the head , according to Knapp . A confrontation began around 1 p.m. Friday after Poughkeepsie authorities received reports of a shooting in a small parking lot . An officer noticed a man fleeing the scene of the shooting with a child in his arms and tried to confront the man . The child was removed from the man , but another confrontation involving multiple officers ensued , Knapp said . That was when the fatal shootings took place . The child is now in custody of New York state juvenile authorities .	Mayor : "  Today is the worst day our city has seen perhaps in our history " Officer was an 18-year veteran of Poughkeepsie Police Department Suspected gunman and an unidentified woman also die in the incident Police believe the accused gunman and deceased woman were married
Tupelo , Mississippi  CNN  -- People in northern Mississippi and Alabama huddled in hallways and basements as a string of tornadoes ripped through their states Monday , a day after another line of storms killed 16 people to their west . Two people were killed at a trailer park west of Athens , Alabama , on Monday , according to a post on the City of Athens Facebook page . Another person died in Richland , Mississippi , said Rankin County Emergency Management Director Bob Wedgeworth , bringing the storms ' overall death toll to 19 . That toll is expected to rise . William McCully , spokesman for Mississippi 's Winston County , told CNN there have been "  multiple fatalities " in his county . Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley declared a state of emergency for all counties . Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant said the twisters inflicted "  severe damage " around the town of Louisville , about 90 miles northeast of Jackson , and more around Tupelo . Winston Medical Center , Louisville 's major hospital , was among the buildings hit , Bryant told reporters . "  We have had early reports that the Winston Medical Center has received damage from a tornado . Walls are down . Some gas leak is occurring , " he said . State emergency management chief Robert Latham said authorities were grappling with "  multiple events over a wide part of the state , " and that more tornado warnings were expected . "  This is not over . It 's going to last on into the night , " he said . State Health Director Jim Craig said hospitals in Winston County and in Tupelo had asked for assistance treating what were potentially a large number of injuries , but no numbers were available . There were no confirmed fatalities as of Monday evening , he said . The National Weather Service issued a tornado emergency warning for the area around Athens , Alabama , near the Tennessee state line , on Monday evening : "  This is an extremely dangerous tornado . You could be killed if not underground or in a tornado shelter , " the warning stated . A tornado emergency also was declared in southeastern Tennessee for east central Lincoln , Moore and northwest Franklin counties . Storm spotters were tracking a large and extremely dangerous tornado seven miles east of Fayetteville , Tennessee , the weather service . In Tupelo , several buildings were destroyed or damaged . Buildings near a major commercial district on the city 's north side were "  wiped away , " Scott Morris , a reporter for the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal , told CNN 's "  The Lead . " Numerous trees and power lines were down , and "  quite a few buildings are destroyed up there , " Morris said . The National Weather Service 's Storm Prediction Center declared tornado emergencies for several counties in northern Mississippi on Monday afternoon as the line of storms moved through the state from southwest to northeast . "  Basement . Now ... let 's go , " Matt Laubhan , the chief meteorologist at Tupelo television station WTVA , ordered station staff before walking off the set himself . Video : See meteorologist take cover Sarah Robinson , a spokeswoman for the city , said several hotels and restaurants were damaged , but no fatalities or injuries had been reported in the immediate aftermath . Another "  large , violent and extremely dangerous " tornado had been confirmed near Zama , Mississippi , between Jackson and Tupelo . A twister possibly a mile wide was reported outside nearby Louisville about an hour later . Another tornado was spotted near Richland , south of Jackson . And yet one more was reported near Yazoo City , northwest of Jackson , four years after an April 2010 tornado that killed four people there and 10 across the state , said Joey Ward , Yazoo City 's emergency management director . "  It 's still hopefully very fresh on people 's minds , and that they take all of the warnings that we 've been putting out all day very seriously , " Ward said . Nearly 5 million people were at moderate risk of severe weather late Monday , while 31 million people were at slight risk , including those in Atlanta and Nashville . ` There were cars flipped everywhere ' Monday 's storms were Act II of a powerful weather system that brought punishing thunderstorms to the central United States . Tornadoes spawned by those storms killed 14 people in Arkansas and one each in Oklahoma and Iowa , authorities in those states reported . The hardest-hit area was Faulkner County , Arkansas , where a suspected tornado shattered homes , tossed tractor-trailers and killed 10 people in the towns of Vilonia and Mayflower . Two children were among the dead . "  There were cars flipped everywhere , there were people screaming , " James Bryant , a Mississippi State University meteorology student , told CNN 's "  New Day " on Monday . "  It was a tough scene . " CNN iReporter Logan Pierce spoke of being awakened by booming thunder that "  shook our whole house , " while iReporter Brianna Davis saw devastated homes , snapped trees and widespread debris Monday morning . Another meteorology student , Cotton Rohrscheib , described how the storm picked up his truck and skidded it about 120 feet down a highway . "  We were all hunkered down inside of the truck , and praying , " he said . None of the truck 's occupants was seriously hurt , he said . Holly Rose rode out the tornado in a closet and a hallway at her home in Mayflower and said she and her family were "  very blessed " to be safe . "  Most of our roof is gone , " she said . "  We had a separate structure -- the pool house -- that is completely gone . There are homes around us , two doors down , that are completely gone . " Monday 's storms were forecast to stretch into the Midwest and Ohio River Valley , with much of Illinois , Indiana and Kentucky at a lesser risk of severe weather , forecasters said . In Alabama , numerous school districts announced plans to dismiss early Monday afternoon in advance of the worst weather . Faulkner County government spokesman David Hogue said it was "  entirely possible " the death toll would rise as emergency crews search the wreckage of destroyed homes , including some only recently rebuilt after being flattened three years ago by another tornado . Arkansas Gov. Mike Beebe said the storm was one of the worst to hit the state in recent memory . "  It 's devastating for the people who have lost property , " he said . "  It 's even more devastating for those who have lost loved ones . " ` Tremendous ' damage in Arkansas town Vilonia Mayor James Firestone described a scene of chaos in his town hours after the storm . "  There 's a few buildings partially standing , but the amount of damage is tremendous , " he said Sunday . "  There 's gas lines spewing . Of course , power lines down . Houses are just a pile of brick . " It was much the same in Mayflower , a town of 1,600 about 20 miles to the southwest . Authorities shut down a section of Interstate 40 after a tornado "  as much as a half-mile wide " roared through the area , according to the National Weather Service . The heavily used road was littered with crushed and overturned trucks and cars . CNN meteorologist Chad Myers , who was in Mayflower , estimated the winds from the storm were at 130 to 150 mph . Emergency workers tended to the scene throughout the night . Shelters were set up at a high school and local church . Nearly 18,000 homes and businesses were without power Monday in Arkansas , more than 10,000 of them in Faulkner County , Entergy Arkansas reported . The Arkansas governor issued a disaster declaration for Faulkner , Pulaski and White counties , and President Barack Obama offered his condolences and promised storm aid to victims while on a four-nation tour of Asia . Impact Your World : How you can help Damage in other states Before the bad weather slammed into Arkansas , witnesses spotted a twister in the northeast Oklahoma town of Quapaw , where one person died , the Ottawa County Sheriff 's Office said . John Brown , 68 , of nearby Baxter Springs , Kansas , was traveling through Quapaw with his wife when the storm hit . He pulled into a parking lot , and a concrete wall fell on their car , killing him , according to the sheriff 's office . His wife was treated at a nearby hospital and released . The same line of storms also hit Baxter Springs just a few miles to the north . Sixty to 70 homes and at least 20 businesses were reported destroyed , said Cherokee County emergency manager Jason Allison . A tornado estimated to be three blocks wide rumbled through the town of 4,200 , he said . Aerial video shot by CNN affiliate KSHB-TV showed a trail of heavily damaged homes and other buildings . A sprawling storm front also hit eastern Iowa , killing a woman in the tiny community of Kinross in Keokuk County , the sheriff 's department said . The one bright spot amid Sunday 's devastation were the forecasts that predicted the severe weather days ago , storm chaser Brett Adair said . The advance notice helped save lives , said Adair , whose team witnessed the Faulkner County , Arkansas , storm , then helped victims . "  This definitely was not something to take lightly , " he said . Video : Surprising tornado tidbits Get the fast facts on tornadoes Power outage safety tips North Carolina cleans up from twisters Video : See a rare tornado in Northern California Matt Smith and Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta . Martin Savidge reported from Tupelo , Mississippi . CNN 's Suzanne Presto , Dave Hennen , Devon Sayers , Joe Sutton , Ed Payne , Dave Alsup , Matthew Stucker , Catherine E. Shoichet and Sean Morris also contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Multiple fatalities " reported in Winston County , Mississippi Death toll rises to 19 after a person dies in Richland , Mississippi "  This is not over . It 's going to last on into the night , " says one official Widespread devastation in two Arkansas towns ; warnings stretch into Alabama
CNN  -- The widely anticipated "  Mass Effect 3 " will be the culmination of a story spanning a galaxy and eight years of development and drawing millions of fans around the world . In the third and final installment of the series , set for release Tuesday , protagonist Commander Shepard returns for a battle to retake Earth from an advanced race of synthetics , known as Reapers , who want to cleanse the Milky Way of all intelligent organic life . Developers from BioWare had always planned the series as a trilogy , so everything from the first two games has been leading up to this climax . "  On one hand , we knew where things were going so we could build these huge story arcs in the first one , and even in the second one , that would get resolved in the third game , " said Casey Hudson , executive producer of the "  Mass Effect " series . "  At the same time , we were able to be pretty flexible in developing it mechanically so that as we started to really like certain story arcs and characters , we could build those in more and let players get more enjoyment out of playing . " But the question now becomes -- how to satisfy a fan base already engaged with the story 's lore while remaining accessible to players who may just be meeting Shepard in the "  Mass Effect " universe ? Fans of the science fiction/fantasy genre are familiar with how trilogies end . Whether it is Darth Vader tossing the emperor off a balcony or Gollum falling into the lava and destroying the One Ring , you can be sure of two things : Really big things are going to happen , and there will be a dramatic twist at the end . Hudson said the way the "  Mass Effect " series is built allows experienced players to continue with the stories they 've already worked on but also provides entry points for new players to get quickly acclimated to the tale and begin their own adventure . As with "  Mass Effect 2 , " players who have saved characters will be able to import them into "  Mass Effect 3 , " changing some dialogue  the game will have a hefty 40,000 lines  and missions to reflect actions taken in previous games . New players are quickly brought up to speed through some introductory missions and different dialogue from experienced characters . But Hudson said new players should n't feel like they are missing out on anything . "  The fact that it is a third story means that 's where you get to decide the fate of entire civilizations because we know this is the third of three , " he said . "  If you are coming in as a new player , those plot lines are established , but you also get to make the biggest decisions in them . For existing players , it 's mind-blowing that they 've gotten to know people and characters from a given species that they can choose to wipe out in ` Mass Effect 3 . ' " He added , "  That was the real fun of developing ` Mass Effect 3 . ' This is the beginning of all the biggest things you get to do in the ` Mass Effect ' series , and then everything comes to an end that you define as a player . " Defining the parameters of the story and possibilities for the ending pushed the limits of Hudson 's team , he said . Since it 's the final episode , everything needs to get resolved and all lingering questions answered . Hudson said that despite players being in the driver 's seat , they want to see that developers have created interesting and satisfying conclusions of the story arcs in which they 've become invested . Which species will live and which will die ? Which major character does n't make it to the end , and who will be left for the final battle ? Players , new and veteran , will both have those choices to make and be saddled with the emotional baggage that goes along with it . "  The team was really pushing to put little bits of fun even in the final days .  The game  ended up being bigger than what we thought it would be , " Hudson said . "  Whether you are a really passionate fan about the fiction or you 're fairly casual about it or you 're new to it , it should be a great story for everybody . We tried to build it as a story regardless of how familiar you are with the ` Mass Effect ' universe . "  This is really the biggest part of this series . That 's what the whole story 's about . " "  Mass Effect 3 " will be available Tuesday in North America , Thursday in Australia , March 9 in Europe and March 15 in Japan . It is playable on the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 360 and Windows PC . It currently does not have a rating from the Entertainment Software Rating Board .	In "  Mass Effect 3 , " Commander John Shepard is in a battle to retake Earth from the Reapers Third installment in series has more than 40,000 lines of dialogue New players are brought up to speed through some introductory missions
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court opened on time Monday , despite the effects of Hurricane Sandy on the Washington area . Public sessions were to open as scheduled for two important hourlong oral arguments , according to court officials . One of the cases involved a privacy challenge to the government 's secret domestic surveillance program , and the other examined whether copyright protections extend to books and other "  intellectual property " produced overseas and then sold in the United States . In addition , the court released a summary of its pending business , such as appeals it will consider or has rejected . It will be "  business as usual " Monday , said Kathy Arberg , the court 's public information officer . Officials "  will continue to monitor the situation , " she added . Later Monday , the court canceled its public session for Tuesday "  due to weather conditions related to Hurricane Sandy , " it said . Oral arguments scheduled for that day have been rescheduled for Thursday at 10 a.m. Chief Justice John Roberts makes the ultimate call on whether to close and has consulted senior court staff . As an independent branch of government , the Supreme Court has wide discretion about its schedule . The rest of the federal government in the nation 's capital was preemptively closed Monday , although key essential personnel were required to show up to work . Oral arguments are scheduled months in advance , and canceling or delaying them would create logistical and workload hassles for the high court and attorneys who argue before it . The court has a history of staying open despite inclement weather . The late Chief Justice William Rehnquist was known for ordering the court 's 300-plus staff to work during snowstorms and other bad weather that paralyzed the rest of the city . During a major snowstorm in 1996 , Rehnquist , a Wisconsin native , sent four-wheel-drive vehicles to pick up several justices from their homes . Justice David Souter insisted on driving himself and was slightly late to the day 's oral arguments , while Justice John Paul Stevens was stuck in Florida and never made it to work that day .	NEW : Court cancels public session for Tuesday "  due to weather conditions " Oral arguments in two cases proceed as scheduled Court schedules are set months in advance The court has a history of remaining open during bad weather
A massive manhunt , touched off more than a year ago when a California man is believed to have killed his family , ended Sunday when authorities announced they 'd found the man 's remains . Shane Miller , the prime suspect in the deaths of his wife and two young daughters , was recently featured on CNN 's "  The Hunt With John Walsh . " His remains were found not far from where Miller 's truck was located in Petrolia , California , last year , said Shasta County Sheriff Tom Bosenko . It was not immediately clear how long they had been there . The remains were reported Friday on the banks of the Mattole River , according to a statement from the Sheriff 's Office , and were identified through dental records . Miller was featured in Episode 1 of "  The Hunt . " Authorities had been looking for him since May 2013 . On May 7 , 2013 , a 911 dispatcher got a call from the Miller residence . The sounds of breathing and crying , then loud bangs , could be heard before the line went dead . When police arrived at the home , they found the bodies of Miller 's wife , Sandy Miller , and the couple 's two daughters -- Shelby , 8 , and Shasta , 5 -- with multiple gunshot wounds . Shane Miller quickly became the lead suspect in the case . After the killings , he , his truck and the family dog went missing . Miller was later spotted by an ex-girlfriend in Petrolia , sparking the manhunt . He ditched his truck and authorities had thought he fled on foot into the mountainous forests of California 's "  Lost Coast . " His remains were found about 1,500 feet from Miller 's vehicle , the Sheriff 's Office said . Near them , authorities recovered a handgun and loaded magazines . The ammunition in the magazines was consistent with ammunition found in Miller 's truck , and at the family 's slaying scene , the Sheriff 's Office said . "  The Hunt , " which premiered on CNN on July 13 , aims to expose stories of ongoing criminal investigations of fugitives and expand the search internationally . Last week , a 32-year-old suspected sex offender featured on the show died in a shootout in New York City as police closed in . Investigators said they sifted through hundreds of tips in their search for that suspect , Charles Mozdir , but a phone call they got during "  The Hunt " helped them crack the case . "  It 's been quite a week , and I think lots of people are relieved that both of these guys are off the streets , " Walsh said Sunday . Join "  The Hunt " for more fugitives	A handgun and loaded magazines were found near the body "  It 's been quite a week , " says John Walsh of CNN 's "  The Hunt " Shane Miller 's remains were identified through dental records He was the prime suspect in the deaths of his wife and two daughters
The container ship Maersk Alabama has seen a lot of drama . It was attacked in 2009 by four armed Somali pirates , who took the ship 's captain , Richard Phillips , hostage on a lifeboat . That gripping tale came to Hollywood in the form of the 2013 film "  Captain Phillips . " The ship survived another pirate attack in 2009 and yet another attempt to board the vessel in 2011 . And now : Two former Navy SEALs , hired as security officers on the 500-foot vessel , were found dead aboard . Seychelles police say the autopsy found the cause of death to be "  respiratory failure , with suspicion of myocardial infarction  heart attack  . " The presence of a syringe and traces of heroin in the cabin have led to a suspicion of drug use , police said . More than a week after their bodies were discovered , many questions surround the deaths of Jeffrey Reynolds and Mark Kennedy , both 44 years old . Why did they die together ? How did the drugs and syringe get into their cabin ? What series of events contributed to their deaths ? Such questions are made more mysterious by friends , family and others who knew the men and told the New York Times that after their years in the military , they had readjusted well to civilian life . The night before their bodies were discovered , the men went to two bars , followed by two casinos , the New York Times reported , in Port of Victoria , Seychelles . New York Times reporter Ian Urbina told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin that according to staff where the men are said to have been on that night out , Reynolds and Kennedy were "  outgoing " and "  having a great time " and drank tequila shots and vodka with sailors from New Zealand . "  The two  former  Navy SEALs ended up closing that  second  casino and were politely asked to go at the end of the evening , " Urbina said . Surveillance images indicate that they met two women in the hall in front of the second casino and "  walked down a dark corridor " with them , Urbina said . A colleague who had gone to check in with one of the men in a cabin found them at 4:30 p.m. February 18 , Seychelles police said . "  It 's bizarre . Of course , it 's a shock . They 're all great guys , " said Tom Rothrauff , president of Trident Group , a Virginia-based maritime security services firm that employed them . "  I 'm absolutely clueless as to what happened . " Although substance abuse is a known problem among veterans , acquaintances of Reynolds ' and Kennedy 's told the New York Times they were shocked at the idea that either man had used heroin . "  The description of the two men from friends and family was in stark contrast to what sounded like a pretty hard partying night , " Urbina said . A neighbor of Reynolds ' , Monika Connelly , told the Times that the Reynoldses did not drink alcohol . Another neighbor , Paul Bell , called them "  church people . " Both Reynolds and Kennedy had children and "  seemed to be family men , " Urbina said . Bodily fluid samples from the two men are being sent to Mauritius for further analysis "  to establish if they had consumed a substance which may have induced these events , " Seychelles police said in a statement . Lt. Cmdr. Jamie Frederick , a U.S. Coast Guard spokesman , said the service was investigating the deaths , as required by American law . But he said the deaths "  do not appear to be criminal in nature , related to vessel operations , the material condition of the ship or their duties as security personnel . " The ship arrived in the Seychelles on February 16 with a 24-man crew . It was expected to leave two days later . The Seychelles , an archipelago in the Indian Ocean , has one of the highest rates of injection drug use in the world , according to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime  PDF  , with 2.3 % of the population engaging in this behavior . Kevin N. Speers , a senior director for Maersk Line , said in a statement that the security contractors boarded the vessel January 29 and that their deaths were "  not related to vessel operations or their duties as security personnel . " The Maersk Alabama is "  persistently in high-risk areas since she provides feeder service to the east coast of Africa , " Speers said in a statement . "  Contracted security is part of anti-piracy protection plans to safeguard crews and vessels , " Speers said . But according to The New York Times , Reynolds and Kennedy told friends that on the open sea , the real enemy is boredom . Autopsy : Men on Maersk had respiratory failure , suspected heart attacks	Questions surround deaths of former Navy SEALs working as security officers Their bodies were found in a cabin with syringe and traces of heroin Police say cause of death was "  respiratory failure " Bodily fluid samples will be analyzed further
CNN  -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration said Friday it has approved a new vaccine to prevent seasonal influenza . Agriflu , made by Novartis Vaccines and Diagnostics , is not intended to protect against the H1N1 virus , commonly known as swine flu . The vaccine was approved using an accelerated approval process , the FDA said . Novartis demonstrated that the vaccine induces levels of antibodies in the blood that are effective in preventing seasonal influenza , but it still needs to conduct further studies . Agriflu , for ages 18 and older , is administered as a single injection in the upper arm and is available in single-dose , prefilled syringes , according to the FDA . Novartis produces another licensed vaccine for seasonal influenza , Fluvirin , approved for ages 4 and older . Although no vaccine is 100 percent effective in preventing disease , vaccination is the key to flu prevention , according to the FDA . Novartis spokesman Eric Althoff said Agriflu is made in Siena , Italy , with eggs , and it has been available in Europe under the brand name Aggripal . This approval , he said , will add to future seasonal vaccine supplies .	Agriflu , made by Novartis , is not intended to protect against the H1N1 virus The vaccine was approved using an accelerated approval process , the FDA said Vaccine induces antibodies in the blood that are effective in preventing seasonal influenza
CNN  -- A last-minute Leigh Halfpenny penalty gave Wales a narrow 23-21 Six Nations victory against Ireland in Dublin , their third successive victory over their opponents . With Wales trailing by a point , Ireland 's Stephen Ferris was penalized for a spear tackle and Halfpenny kept his nerve to slot home the decisive kick . "  That was the hardest kick I 've had to take in all my life and I was very pleased to see it go over and get the win for Wales , " Halfpenny told reporters . France beat Italy in Six Nations opener Ireland took an early lead through Jonathan Sexton 's penalty , but Wales recovered and centre Jonathan Davies touched down in the corner for the first of his two tries . Wales failed to build on that advantage with Rhys Priestland missing two kicks , one in front of the posts , although Sexton followed suit when he squandered a simple penalty for the home side . However , Ireland took a 10-5 advantage when hooker Rory Best went over for a converted try from Tommy Bowe 's pass . Sexton and Halfpenny then swapped penalties to make the score 13-8 before Davies was released by George North to score his second try of the game , converted by Halfpenny , to put Wales ahead again . Another Sexton penalty turned the match 16-15 in Ireland 's direction and a Bowe try made it 21-15 to the home side . However , Sexton missed the resulting conversion and North gave Wales hope by going over in the left hand corner to make it 21-20 . And although Halfpenny missed the conversion , he made no mistake with his penalty to hand Wales a stunning late victory . The result leaves Wales third in the Six Nations table , behind France and England who also won their opening matches .	Wales defeat Ireland 23-21 in their Six Nations opener on Sunday A late penalty from Leigh Halfpenny ensures Wales victory in Dublin It is Wales ' third successive Six Nations success against their opponents
CNN  -- Ratko Mladic , who is on trial on charges he masterminded an army campaign to cleanse Bosnia of Croats and Muslims , was taken to the hospital Thursday as a precautionary measure , a court spokeswoman said . "  Proceedings were adjourned because he was n't feeling well , " said Nerma Jelacic , a spokeswoman for International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia . She did not release any details about his condition . Mladic , whose trial began at the Hague in May , is accused of orchestrating a campaign of ethnic cleansing during the bloody civil war that ripped apart Yugoslavia . He has been indicted on 11 counts of genocide , war crimes and crimes against humanity in the 1992-95 war . Ratko Mladic : Brutal villain to many , hero to others His trial is taking place in The Hague at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia , a court established to try those responsible for atrocities during the war . In May , prosecutor Dermot Groome laid out details of the case against Mladic , saying that ethnic cleansing was not a byproduct of the war , but a specific aim of the Bosnian Serb leadership . He said he would show that Mladic was directly responsible for atrocities carried out by his forces , which were fighting for control of land in ethnically mixed Bosnia . Mladic eluded authorities for nearly 16 years until his capture in May 2011 , when police burst into the garden of a small house in northern Serbia . Analysis : In this battle with Mladic , women of Srebrencia hold the edge Though he was carrying two handguns , he surrendered without a fight and was extradited to the Netherlands . In the three decades leading up to the violent splintering of Yugoslavia , Mladic rose rapidly through the ranks of the Yugoslav army . In 1991 , he served as a front-line commander spearheading Serb forces in a yearlong war with Croatia . By the time he took to Bosnia 's battlefields , he had become a hero to many Serbs , seen as a defender of their dwindling fortunes . In May 1992 , Bosnia 's Serbian political leaders picked him to lead the assault on their Muslim enemies who clamored for independence . Mladic wasted no time galvanizing his heavily armed forces in a siege of Sarajevo , cutting the city off from the outside world . Serb forces pounded the city every day from higher ground positions , trapping Sarajevo 's ill-prepared residents in the valley below . As the war ended in the fall of 1995 , Mladic went on the run . Shortly after Mladic was sent to The Hague last year , authorities nabbed former Croatian Serb rebel leader Goran Hadzic . He was the last Yugoslav war crimes suspect at large . Photos : Years later , Srebrencia 's pain is still very alive	Ratko Mladic is taken to the hospital , a court spokeswoman says "  Proceedings were adjourned because he was n't feeling well , " the spokeswoman says Mladic is accused of orchestrating a campaign of ethnic cleansing in Yugoslavia He has been indicted on 11 counts of genocide and war crimes
CNN  -- "  Eat , Pray , Love " author Elizabeth Gilbert returns to her roots with her latest foray into fiction . Literally . In "  The Signature of All Things , " Gilbert focuses on a 19th-century female botanist who specializes in moss . She says it took more than three years to research and write the novel , which spans generations and continents . In her free time , Gilbert stays loyal to the passions she immortalized in her best-selling memoir : yoga , travel and her husband , played memorably by Javier Bardem in the movie version of "  Eat , Pray , Love . " The 2006 book about her journey through Italy , India and Indonesia brought her fame and fortune . She followed it up with "  Committed , " an exploration of the institution of marriage , inspired by her decision to wed the man she met during her travels , after a contentious divorce and swearing off matrimony . She spoke to CNN about her new book , and its famous predecessor , in her familiar voice . Below is an edited transcript . CNN : How does it feel as a writer to have your books compared when they 're so completely different ? Elizabeth Gilbert : It 's inevitable that readers who came to know me , and who know my passions and my interests , will see aspects of me . If they 're looking for it , they 'll find me in there . They 'll find some familiar themes . It 's about a woman 's journey of discovery . It 's about a woman who 's passionate about her work . It 's about a woman who 's passionate about the world . All that stuff will be familiar to readers of "  Eat , Pray , Love . " It does n't bother me . I 'm not offended by it , because I 'm not writing this book to try to get away from "  Eat , Pray , Love . " I 'm writing this book to try to do something entertaining for myself and for my readers . It 's OK . It 's cool . CNN : How did you decide to go back to your roots as a fiction writer ? Gilbert : To a large extent , what I did writing "  Eat , Pray , Love , " and certainly a bit with "  Committed " as well , all of that was so that I could do this . My life had gotten so messed up in my early 30s , after my divorce and this period of depression that I went through , that the idea of being the creative writer that I always wanted to be just fled from me . I think the simplest way to describe it is that you ca n't invent drama when you 're living drama . One of the things that I wanted to do by getting my life in order was to return myself to a place of calmness and stability , where I could do something like take on a book of this scope . So in many ways , this book is kind of a celebration of the result of "  Eat , Pray , Love " : the result of finding a good relationship and getting out of my own way and clearing out all that space so that I could be the writer I 've always wanted to be . CNN : How did you go about doing all the research on the places and the time ? Gilbert : I just got so lucky after "  Eat , Pray , Love , " I had all these resources and all this freedom to be able to fund whatever I wanted to do with my life . And so I was able to throw myself into three years of study about 19th-century botany . For me , that 's joyful and exciting and interesting . And it felt like a real tribute to the freedom that I had to be able to do that . And it was intimidating , because I did n't really know that much about the period , and I did n't really that much about the plant adventures of that day . But on the other hand , I 'm such a geek . I just got to really full-on geek out about learning all that stuff , which was very exciting . CNN : Did the joy in this writing process come from your personal life ? Gilbert : I 'm getting smarter as I get older . I 'm enjoying my 40s so much more than I enjoyed any other period in my life . I had a friend who told that me your 40s are such a wonderful time because you start to get out of your own way and get over yourself . And that has certainly been the case for me . I do n't have much nostalgia for my 20s and 30s . It 's just a really nice time . I 'm in a really supportive marriage . My husband is a great champion of me and my work . This book was also probably one of the sweetest intimacies of our marriage , because I wrote it in several months in a big burst , and every night , he would come into my office and sit down with a glass of wine , and I would read to him what I had written that day . I felt his excitement , and that compelled me to write faster . And it became this lovely private thing that we were doing together . And I think his influence shaped the book as well . CNN : What 's your next project ? Gilbert : I think I 'm going to stick with fiction . I had such a good time with this , I do n't want to let go of it yet . Having been in the corseted , buttoned-up , repressed 19th century , I want to move into the early 20th century and write a novel about girls behaving recklessly . Take off those corsets .	Elizabeth Gilbert 's memoir "  Eat , Pray , Love " sold an estimated 10 million copies She chose fiction for her latest book , which follows a 19th-century female botanist The author says you ca n't invent drama when you 're living drama , which she was Gilbert says she 's enjoying her 40s much more than any other period in her life
CNN  He has faced menacing bouncers and even once had to duck a glass of milk propelled at pace from his father 's hands , but it was an encounter with a different aggressor that proved cricketer Yuvraj Singh 's most frightening opponent . The mercurial all-rounder had been in the form of his life at the 2011 Cricket World Cup , helping India win their first title in almost three decades when they beat Sri Lanka by six wickets in the final at Mumbai 's Wankhede Stadium . Yuvraj had particular cause to celebrate after putting in a series of match-winning performances -- his tally of 362 runs and 15 wickets in nine matches earned him the "  Man of the Tournament " award . "  Everything came together at the World Cup and it was something really special . And just being together as a team , lifting the World Cup was a dream come true , " Yuvraj told CNN 's Human to Hero series . But as each new chapter in that Indian sporting fairy tale was being written a more sinister narrative was unfolding deep inside Yuvraj 's body . "  I was coughing a lot . I was not able to breathe on my left side . I was struggling to breathe throughout the whole tournament  and  spitting a little bit of blood at times during games , " he recalls . After the World Cup he went for a scan that revealed a tumor in his chest cavity , but a combination of denial and disbelief saw him carry on pretty much as normal . "  Even when I was diagnosed , I kept ignoring it because I still wanted to play and I did n't believe it could happen to an athlete like me who had been training and keeps himself fit . " So off he went on tour to England that summer and in November he played two Test matches at home against the West Indies . It was only the following January , when results of further tests confirmed the tumor was malignant -- a germ cell cancer called a mediastinal seminoma was diagnosed -- that Yuvraj was forced to face his worst fears and seek treatment . "  It was located between my heart and my  left  lung and it grew about 14 centimeters like a ball over my chest which was a concern . " Yuvraj sought the expertise of Lawrence Einhorn , a U.S. doctor who had successfully treated cyclist , Lance Armstrong for testicular cancer in the 1990s , and underwent chemotherapy at the IU Simon Cancer Center in Indianapolis in early 2012 . "  I had three sessions of chemotherapy so it was really tough , it was hard to go through it . But while I was going through my treatment , I was always motivated that I was going to come back and play for India . I think that 's what kept me going and got me through . " Yuvraj had enjoyed a stellar career up to then , playing Test , One-Day International and T20 cricket for India , making his senior debut in 2000 at the age of 19 . A sparkling 84 off 80 balls in his first innings in a one-day match against Australia served notice of his talent , and it was in limited overs cricket that he was most at home on the international stage . The left-hander has fluently notched more than 8,000 one-day runs , which have included 13 hundreds and 51 half-centuries , and when he 's on his game his assaults on opposition bowling attacks have displayed a brutal beauty . It was four years before his heroics with bat and ball in 2011 that Yuvraj had made himself a household name , smashing six sixes in an over off England paceman , Stuart Broad during the inaugural Twenty20 World Cup . Previously only Herschelle Gibbs had recorded such a feat in international cricket . "  I would say it 's one of the biggest highlights of my career because wherever I go and whenever I speak to people or my friends , they always mention they remember you hitting six sixes . It 's a very special moment in my cricketing career . " Unlike a lot of kids growing up in India , where cricket is the national game , Yuvraj did n't care much for the sport preferring to play tennis and go roller skating during his early childhood in Chandigarh , a small town five hours north of New Delhi . But his father , Yograj , who had represented India at cricket in the early 1980s , had other ideas and was hell-bent on seeing his son following in his footsteps . "  My father was an international player but he did n't play much , so he wanted to continue his dream through me . He pushed me a lot into cricket and I eventually started liking it and I think I was destined to play . " The intense parental expectation of the elder Singh is laid bare in Yuvraj 's autobiography . Writing in "  The Test of My Life , " Yuvraj recalls an incident when his father exploded with rage after hearing that his son had been dismissed in a practice match . "  I was once out for 39 , hitting the ball in the air and Dad got to hear about the dismissal . That evening he went back home and told Mom , ` Tell Yuvi not to enter the house or I will kill him ' , " Yuvraj wrote in the book published in 2013 . After spending the night in his car , Yuvraj returned to the house the next morning when his father had gone out . But then he unexpectedly came back . "  Without warning , he picked up the glass full of milk on the table and threw it straight at me . It missed my head and broke the glass pane of the window behind where I was sitting . Then I received the full volley of his abuse . " His father has had to deal with his own cancer diagnosis in recent months -- reportedly undergoing treatment for cancer of the vocal chords last year -- but happily Yuvraj remains clear of the disease . His wish to represent his country again was granted when he returned to play in three Tests against England at the end of 2012 and a string of one-day and T20 international appearances followed in 2013 and last year . But , as he 's first to admit , his form has been patchy since recovering from cancer . "  I 've had a little bit of up and down in the last two to three years and that was bound to happen and I 've taken that in my stride . I 've worked very hard on my game and I look forward to doing good things for India again . " He would have been the romantic 's choice for a place in India squad for next month 's Cricket World Cup in Australia and New Zealand but he was n't named in the 15-man squad announced by India 's national selectors at the beginning of January . Still , the 33-year-old is still much in demand elsewhere . Last season , he was the most expensive player in the Indian Premier League auction , snapped up for Rs 14 crore  $ 2.25 million  by the Royal Challengers Bangalore . In addition to regular appearances for his state side Punjab , he is kept busy with his cancer foundation , YouWeCan , which raises awareness and funds to fight the disease . "  I definitely think I 'm inspiring a lot of people , " he says . "  Trust me , it 's not easy to get out of it . It 's something which kills you from inside and it takes a lot out of you , your family members and your friends to see what you 're going through . That 's why I 'm trying to motivate people and try to help them get their life back . " It 's a positive message from a man who could have been forgiven for letting his sporting career fade in the face of such trauma . But his love for cricket remains as strong as ever . "  It 's a sport which never flows in one direction , it 's always up and down . You never know which way it 's going to go . I just love the unpredictability . "	India cricketer Yuvraj Singh was World Cup hero for India in 2011 The all-rounder was "  Man of the Tournament " but was then diagnosed with cancer The 33-year-old famously hit six sixes in an over at Twenty20 World Cup in 2007 Cricketer set up foundation after successful treatment and returned to action for India in 2012
CNN  -- The fallout from Adam Lambert 's risqué American Music Awards performance keeps coming with "  Good Morning America " canceling the singer 's live performance scheduled for Wednesday morning . ABC was flooded with more than 1,500 complaints , and the network sent an e-mail to potential concert goers letting them know that Lambert would not be performing on Wednesday . "  Given Adam Lambert 's controversial live performance on the AMAs , we were concerned about airing a similar concert so early in the morning , " a spokesperson for the network said . "  The Early Show " on rival network CBS was quick to announce that they have booked Lambert to perform and discuss the controversy on Wednesday morning . Lambert shocked viewers with his sexually suggestive dance sequence that included simulated oral sex as well as Lambert kissing his male keyboardist . The Parents Television Council , a Media watchdog group , also attacked the show as vulgar and urged its members on Monday to contact ABC , Dick Clark Productions and the show 's advertisers with complaints about the content . "  Last night 's ` American Music Awards ' broadcast was nothing short of tasteless and vulgar . Adam Lambert , the second-place finisher in last season 's ` American Idol ' competition , chose to treat American families to simulated oral sex and other demeaning behavior , " the PTC posted on its Web site . Melissa Henson , director of communications and public education for the PTC , said the council was n't concerned about Lambert 's gay kiss . Its issue and focus are on the simulated oral sex , she said . "  The gender has nothing to do with it , " Henson said . "  It would be true if it had been a woman 's face that was thrust into his crotch . " Henson also noted that this is not an anti-Adam Lambert campaign and said the council would have had no problem with Lambert performing live on "  Good Morning America . " "  As long as he keeps it clean , " Henson said .	"  Good Morning America " cancels Adam Lambert 's live performance Lambert shocked viewers with his sexually suggestive dance sequence on the AMAs ABC received more than 1,500 complaints after the AMAs
CNN Student News  -- February 14 , 2013 Media Literacy Question of the Day How might viewing televised religious services compare and contrast to attending them in person ? * * Daily Discussion Questions According to the report , what was a major focus of the president 's State of the Union address and the Republican response ? What factors might go into deciding what topics to include in these speeches ? Did you watch them ? If so , what was your impression of them ? If not , why not ? * * What does CNN 's Tom Foreman say about jobs in the U.S. ? What did a recent survey suggest about the salaries of new American jobs ? What might have influenced this ? Do you have any ideas for improving this situation ? Explain . * * What is Lent ? How did Lent become a Christian tradition ? What are some things that people in the video say they have given up for Lent ? What is something that you would find difficult  but possible  to give up for six and a half weeks ? Do you think you would stick with that commitment ? Explain . * * According to the segment , what percentage of American adults celebrate Valentine 's Day ? On average , how much money are they likely to spend on this holiday ? What was your reaction to this statistic ? What are some traditional Valentine 's Day gifts ? Why do you think that these have become popular gifts for this holiday ? Would you prefer to receive a traditional gift or something unique ? * * According to the report , how did the weather affect some of the dogs at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show ? How did dog owners deal with this situation ? What characteristics might make for a good show dog ? What might be the challenges of training a dog for a competition like Westminster ? * *	Use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories Today 's Daily Discussion includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- High-stakes lawsuits , overlapping investigations and a bitter battle over blame are spreading across Europe in the wake of a scandal that has rocked the meat industry . Horse meat was discovered in products that are supposed to be 100 % beef , sold in Sweden , the United Kingdom and France . On Sunday , a major company under scrutiny called one of its suppliers a "  villain " responsible for the fraud . The supplier , in turn , insisted it was "  fooled " by a subsupplier . While authorities say there is no immediate cause for health concerns , the discovery was a new shock to an industry already reeling from a bombshell last month when Irish investigators found horse and pig DNA in numerous hamburger products . The blame chain Swedish food producer Findus has been a focus of the uproar since it announced Thursday that it had withdrawn its lasagna from stores as a precaution . The products were pulled Monday after French supplier Comigel raised concerns about the type of meat that was used , Findus Sweden said . Findus said a letter from Comigel dated February 2 informed Findus that the contamination may date back to August 2012 . Horsemeat found in hamburgers in Britain and Ireland Findus is only one of several companies that receive products from Comigel . Others include Axfood , Coop and ICA , which have recalled some meat products in Sweden , and Aldi , which has pulled some products from shelves in Britain . Six big French retailers -- Auchan , Casino , Carrefour , Cora , Picard and Monoprix -- said Sunday that they were recalling lasagne and other products . Findus Nordic , which oversees Findus throughout the Nordic region , said it has begun legal action against Comigel and its subsuppliers . "  We are only at the beginning of our legal process . Comigel will end up in a lot of legal processes going forward , I imagine , " Findus Nordic CEO Jari Latvanen said Sunday in an interview with CNN . "  Comigel is the villain . " Comigel has not responded to CNN 's requests for comment . The company did not answer its phones when CNN called repeatedly , and did not respond to an e-mail request for comment . Neither did CEO Erick Lehagre . But Lehagre told French news agency Agence France-Presse on Sunday that his company had been "  fooled " by a French supplier . "  We were victims , " he said , according to AFP . Comigel apparently took its website down , posting a sign that it is "  under construction . " Previously , the site described the company as offering a wide array of products through partners , including major European retailers . Criss-crossing investigations Probes are under way in France , Sweden , and Britain . The supply chain being studied includes still more countries . France 's consumer affairs minister , Benoit Hamon , ordered an immediate investigation and said results will be available by midweek . In a statement , Hamon said a provider in Luxembourg and traders in Cyprus and the Netherlands are part of the chain being probed . The Swedish National Food Agency announced Sunday that it is reporting Findus to police , which is the standard course of action when products have been sold with the wrong labels . British police are investigating as well . British officials held an emergency meeting Saturday in London . Participants agreed "  meaningful results " must be achieved by Friday , UK Food Standards Agency spokesman Brad Smythe said . Officials discussed what tests are possible , what laboratory capacity is needed , and what can be done to protect consumer confidence , he said . The evidence so far suggests "  either criminal activity or gross negligence , " Environment Secretary Owen Paterson said , adding that "  more bad news " could come . UK food businesses have been ordered to test all processed beef products for authenticity and report back to the authorities by Friday . "  I am determined that we get to the bottom of this and that any wrongdoing discovered is punished , " Paterson said in a statement . Prime Minister David Cameron weighed in Friday on Twitter . "  This is completely unacceptable -- this is n't about food safety but about proper food labeling and confidence in retailers , " he wrote . Legal action under way Latvanen credits his company with uncovering "  a serious case of fraud . " "  What has happened with Comigel is a crime , a scandal , " he said in an interview with CNN . Burger King finds horse meat at European supplier While Findus has begun legal action in Sweden , Findus France previously said it will file a legal complaint Monday against a Romanian business that is part of the supply chain . It did not name the business publicly . "  There are two victims in this affair : Findus and the consumer , " Findus France said in a statement . The British arm of Findus said it is considering legal action against suppliers as well . Early results of an internal investigation "  strongly suggest " the horse meat contamination of a beef lasagna product "  was not accidental , " the company said . Tests showed up to 100 % horse meat Aldi said tests on random samples demonstrated that the withdrawn products contained between 30 % and 100 % horse meat . "  This is completely unacceptable and like other affected companies , we feel angry and let down by our supplier . If the label says beef , our customers expect it to be beef . " Samples of the affected Findus lasagna contained between 60 % and 100 % horse meat , according to UK and Irish food safety inspectors . In January , the Food Safety Authority of Ireland found that 10 out of 27 hamburger products it analyzed in a study contained horse DNA , while 23 of them -- or 85 % -- tested positive for pig DNA . In nine out of the 10 burger samples , the horse DNA was found at very low levels , the inspectors said . But in one sample from Tesco , Britain 's largest retailer , the horse meat accounted for about 29 % of the burger . Tesco apologized and vowed to make sure it never happens again . Irish officials blamed ingredients from Poland . Concerns about a veterinary drug While horse meat is not itself a food safety hazard , food inspectors are concerned it may contain the veterinary drug phenylbutazone , or "  bute , " commonly used to treat horses . Meat from animals treated with phenylbutazone may pose a risk to human health and is not allowed to enter the food chain as it may pose a risk to human health . Findus has been ordered to test the lasagna withdrawn from shelves in the United Kingdom for the drug 's presence . The revelations have revolted many meat eaters in the United Kingdom , where horse meat is generally considered taboo , although it is commonly eaten in neighboring France , as well as countries including China , Russia , Kazakhstan and Italy . The discovery of pig DNA in beef products is of particular concern to Jews and Muslims , whose dietary laws forbid the consumption of pork products . Jewish dietary laws also ban the eating of horse meat . The UK Justice Ministry confirmed last week that a number of meat pies and similar items supplied to prisons in England and Wales were labeled and served as halal -- prepared in compliance with Islamic dietary law -- but contained traces of pork DNA , the Food Standards Agency said . Horse meat is not commonly eaten in the United States , but the country does export it to Canada and Mexico . Congress passed a bill in November 2011 that lifted a 5-year-old ban on the slaughter of horses for meat in the United States . Horse : Coming soon to a meat case near you ? CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Six big French retailers pull lasagne and other products Comigel CEO tells a French news agency his company was "  fooled " Findus Nordic CEO calls Comigel "  the villain " Horsemeat is n't a health hazard , but could contain a veterinary drug unsafe for humans
To friends and relatives of the suspect in the Tuesday killing of a high school math teacher in Danvers , Massachusetts , the arrest of the teen they know is as shocking as the crime itself . Before he moved to Massachusetts last spring , Philip Chism had impressed the people he knew in Clarksville , Tennessee , where he graduated last spring from Rossview Middle School . "  Great soccer player -- probably the main reason we won the league championship last year , " Jando Herrera told CNN affiliate WZTV about Chism , whom he coached in soccer for two seasons . "  I 'm sure any of his teammates would say the same thing : that he was just the nicest kid on the team , probably . ... It 's completely out of character ; it 's not something that I would ever imagine Philip ever , you know , doing or anything like that ... always the most respectful kid that I 've , you know , had around -- ` yes sir , no sir . ' " After graduating from middle school , Chism moved from Tennessee to Danvers , where he appeared to provoke little concern among his classmates or others in the town of 26,000 people in a suburb north of Boston . Nicole White said she never heard her classmate in history class at Danvers High School discuss their math teacher , 24-year-old Colleen Ritzer . "  He never talked about her , " she said . "  Nothing ever happened . So it came to a shock to all of us , I think . " White said she saw nothing out of place during her collaboration with Chism on a history assignment . "  He was always a really , really quiet kid , but he was nice , " she told CNN . "  I saw no problems at all . " "  He 's quiet , just kept to himself -- probably because he 's new to the society but , I mean , he 's a good kid , " said Kyle Cahill , a junior at the school . A member of Chism 's English class , Ariana Edwards , said Chism had friends , but chose them carefully . "  He was n't , like , too friendly though , " she said . "  He , like , only had certain friends . He was n't , like , outgoing to everyone ... in classes he would only talk to , like , a select few people . And he was new too , so , like , he did n't have , like , the , like , amount of friends as everyone else . " Still , she said , he "  seemed quiet and reserved , but he just seemed normal . " Chism did n't drink or do drugs , and he came from a good family , one of his friends said . He described Chism as a good athlete who was shy at first but eventually warmed up to people , adding that he had n't been acting strangely lately . Teacher slayings hurt view of schools as safe havens This friend and others got their first hint that something had gone awry on Tuesday , when Chism did n't show up for soccer practice . The team searched for him after seeing texts that he was missing . "  We did n't know whether he was like kidnapped or if he was hurt somewhere , so we went around looking for him because we cared about him , " said a teammate . "  Obviously , he was on the team and we liked him . " As they and police were looking for him -- and after Ritzer was killed -- Chism went to the movies , a source with knowledge of the investigation said . A few hours later , the lanky young man with closely cut hair was charged with murder . Chism 's uncle , who still lives in Clarksville , told CNN affiliate WKRN in Nashville that something may have provoked his nephew . "  Might could have been upset , " Terrence Chism Blaine said Wednesday . "  You know -- teenagers go through that . He 's 14 , he 's growing up still . That 's the only thing that I can imagine . I ca n't imagine anything else because he 's like a storybook kid -- a perfect family . " In a telephone interview with CNN , Blaine said the boy 's parents are separated and that the father -- a former military man -- now lives in Florida . Asked if the suspect had had behavioral issues , he said , "  No , I do n't believe so . " "  I think it 's insane , " classmate Andre Poland told CNN affiliate WCVB in Boston . "  I 'm completely shocked . I do n't think Philip would be the type of person to do this . " Classmate Riley Doyle said she was searching for answers . "  I just want to know why anyone would do that -- especially to someone who 's such a nice and kind and good-hearted person , " she told CNN . "  It does n't make any sense . Just why ? " Herrera said he was reserving judgment about the former player on his soccer team . "  I want to see what else there is , you know , " he said . "  I want the whole story to kind of come out before people really cast a lot of judgment on the kid . "	"  He 's 14 , he 's growing up still , " Chism 's uncle says "  It does n't make any sense , " says classmate Riley Doyle "  He 's a good kid , " says schoolmate "  He just seemed normal , " says a girl in his English class
CNN  -- The controversy over having TV host Bill Maher speak at the University of California Berkeley has taken another turn . Well , make that two . If you remember , the outspoken comedian was selected as the school 's 2014 fall commencement speaker , until students incensed by his anti-religious comments -- particularly his views on Islam -- started a petition to have him removed . On Tuesday night , the student group that 's tasked with selecting commencement speakers met and voted to withdraw Maher 's invitation . That would have been the end of the matter except the very next day , the college said it wo n't honor the vote . "  This university has not in the past and will not in the future shy away from hosting speakers who some deem provocative , " the school said . The disinvitation The student group is called The Californians . It 's a committee of undergrads whose role is to come up with graduation speakers . In August , the Californians selected Maher . On Tuesday , it decided to unselect him . But the college says the Tuesday night meeting was held without administration participation . "  The UC Berkeley administration can not and will not accept this decision , which appears to have been based solely on Mr. Maher 's opinions and beliefs , which he conveyed through constitutionally protected speech , " the school said in a statement . It added that the school 's decision should n't be taken as an endorsement of Maher 's views . "  Indeed , the administration 's position on Mr. Maher 's opinions and perspectives is irrelevant in this context . " As so , it said , the invitation stands ; Maher will speak at the December event . The reaction The Council on American-Islamic Relations expressed disappointment at the college 's ruling , saying it disrespected students "  by casting aside the long-standing process for selecting commencement speakers and instead imposing its own will . "  While Mr. Maher has the right to speak whenever and wherever he likes , he does not have the right to have his hate-filled views honored and tacitly endorsed by a prestigious university , " said Zahra Billoo , of the group 's San Francisco chapter . For his part , Maher 's keeping mum . "  Every news outlet asking me 4 comment on this Berkeley thing but then i remembered : I 'VE got a show!And thats where I 'll address it , Fri nite , " he tweeted . The controversy Meanwhile , the petition on Change.org that started the back-and-forth continues to draws signatures . By early Wednesday morning , 4,100 had signed on . "  Bill Maher is a blatant bigot and racist who has no respect for the values UC Berkeley students and administration stand for , " the petition says . "  In a time where climate is a priority for all on campus , we can not invite an individual who himself perpetuates a dangerous learning environment . " The petition points to recent episodes of Maher 's HBO show "  Real Time " as an example .  HBO , like CNN , is a division of Time Warner . "  Islam is the only religion that acts like the mafia that will f *** ing kill you if you say the wrong thing , " Maher said during one episode , which is cited on the students ' petition as an example of Maher 's "  hate speech . " This is n't the only petition on the site about Maher . Several have called for his firing from "  Real Time , " though they do n't seem to have garnered much traction . Maher has been on the show for 12 years and has become known for his controversial statements on a wide range of topics . One of Maher 's favorite targets is organized religion . His 2008 documentary "  Religulous " grossed more than $ 13 million , according to Box Office Mojo .	A student group selected Maher as speaker in August On Tuesday night , the group met and voted to disinvite him The next day , the college overturned the group 's vote
CNN  -- Iran denied reports of a grenade exploding near the convoy of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad during his visit to a western Iranian city Wednesday . The semi-official Fars News Agency and several other outlets had reported the incident , in which Ahmadinejad was unhurt . But the media department at Iran 's presidential office denied there was an attack . Media advisor Ali Akbar Javanfekr told CNN that the grenade was a toy firecracker and accused international journalists of blowing the story out of proportion . "  This was someone playing with a firecracker , the kind children play with , the kind you use when you want to celebrate , " Javanfekr said . "  This was a toy and there were no injuries but the western media took and made it bigger than it is . " Did you see the reported incident ? Share your video , photos Despite the denial , there was an account about the incident on Raja news , a rightist website linked to some members of parliament that has in the past both supported and criticized Ahmadinejad . The site reported there had been a grenade attack and quoted the Fars news account . Someone lobbed a homemade grenade just after the president 's motorcade went by , Fars reported . The suspect was arrested , according to both reports . The grenade exploded during the president 's visit to the city of Hamedan , reported parlemannews.com . The account was also carried by the conservative website Khabar Online . The presidential convoy was headed from the airport to the city 's sports stadium . The reports also said that Ahmadinejad warned on Tuesday that "  Zionists " were plotting to kill him . Iran uses the word "  Zionists " to refer to Israel . White House aides said they were aware of the conflicting reports , according to a senior U.S. administration official , and were seeking more information to sort out what happened . CNN 's Ed Henry contributed to this report	NEW : Iran 's media advisor said western journalists blew the story out of proportion A man threw a grenade at Ahmadinejad 's convoy , Iranian reports said The White House is seeking more information to determine what happened
Washington  CNN  Hillary Clinton has sought advice from dozens of people over the past several months in the run up to a likely presidential bid , but one such source stands out from the rest : Sen. Elizabeth Warren . Clinton has reached out to the Massachusetts senator "  several times " over the past six months , a source with knowledge of Clinton 's plans told CNN on Tuesday , a sign of how important Warren 's wing of the Democratic party is to the foundation of a would-be presidential bid for the former secretary of state . The two met privately at the former secretary of state 's Washington , D.C. home in December , according to the source , and have talked on the phone , as well . The New York Times first reported the December meeting on Tuesday . "  Secretary Clinton really values Senator Warren and has reached out several times over the past six months , " the source added . The senator 's office has not responded to questions about the meeting . The Clinton-Warren relationship is part of the former first lady 's months-long process of soliciting ideas and seeking advice from leading Democrats as she prepares for an all-but-certain 2016 run . Since the 2014 midterms , Clinton has prepared for 2016 by meeting and talking with top Democrats about the strategy , tactics and policy that would make a possible Clinton run in 2016 campaign successful . But the meetings and phone calls are also seemingly an attempt by Clinton to satisfy what has been persistent calls from the left for the 2016 Democratic nominee to focus on income inequality , Wall Street reform and raising up the middle class . Warren , who is seen as the heart and soul of the Democratic left on those issues , has been the focus of a few draft campaigns since the 2014 midterms . Left leaning groups like Democracy for America and MoveOn.org , as well as the new Ready for Warren campaign , have knocked Clinton 's centrism and created sometimes negative headlines for the Democratic frontrunner . Although the senator has repeatedly disavowed the efforts and said she will not run for president in 2016 , she will undoubtedly direct some of the presidential conversation from her perch in the Senate and if they are not satisfied and courted , her supporters could continue to be an annoyance for Clinton . Erica Sagrans , the Ready for Warren campaign manager , said Tuesday that the meeting is another sign Clinton "  is among a growing number of Democratic leaders who admire " Warren 's liberal positions . "  This is why we 're calling on Warren to run for president in 2016 -- so that we have a real Democratic primary debate about the issues that matter , and so voters can get behind a fearless champion for working families , " Sagrans added . The Clinton-Warren meetings and calls also show growth in a relationship that looked awkward in 2014 . While campaigning for Massachusetts ' Democratic gubernatorial candidate in October , Clinton was effusive in her praise for Warren , labeling her "  the passionate champion for working people and middle class families . " "  I love watching Elizabeth , " Clinton added , touting her ability to "  you know , give it those who deserve to get it . " Warren , however , was n't so effusive and barely mentioned the former secretary of state who was headlining the event . "  Happy to welcome Secretary Clinton back to the commonwealth , " Warren said , firing up the crowd . "  We love it ! " The senators endorsing Hillary Clinton	Hillary Clinton has reached out to Elizabeth Warren "  several times " over the past six months , says a source with knowledge This relationship included a December meeting and a phone call between the two Democratic leaders
CNN  -- IndyCar said it has launched an investigation into the 15-vehicle wreck that claimed the life of driver Dan Wheldon and expects to have preliminary findings within weeks . The organization said Wednesday individual members of various motorsports bodies will help it determine factors involved in the fiery incident Sunday at the Las Vegas Indy 300 . IndyCar said it had incorrectly stated Tuesday that the Automobile Competition Committee of the United States  ACCUS  and the Federation Internationale de l'Automobile  FIA  , the national and international governing organizations , were formally involved in the investigation . The violent crash raised fresh questions about safety , both in motor sports , generally , and at the Las Vegas track , specifically . Wheldon , a two-time Indianapolis 500 winner , had been pressing efforts to address such concerns . In an early October story posted on IndyCar.com , the racing series ' official website , IndyCar Vice President Will Phillips singled out the 33-year-old driver , his team and Italian manufacturer Dallara for their efforts to fine-tune a safer car model for the 2012 season . Weeks ago , Wheldon was behind the wheel of a new prototype car for the IZOD IndyCar racing series -- one meant to make his sport safer . "  He 's focused on what 's been needed from him to provide for the feedback to Dallara and be consistent and concise , " Phillips said then of Wheldon . "  You could n't have asked for more . " Had he won Sunday 's race , the Englishman with the ready smile and engaging manner would have earned a $ 5 million payout . Instead , he was near the back of the 34-car field when he got mixed up in a crash that featured numerous cars spinning out of control and bursting into flames , spewing smoke and debris . IndyCar on Tuesday said it was saddened by Wheldon 's death . "  The safety of our drivers , their crews , IndyCar staff , racetrack staff and spectators is always our paramount concern , " IndyCar said in a statement , declining to comment further on the probe . A public memorial service for Wheldon will be held on Sunday at the Conseco Fieldhouse in downtown Indianapolis , IndyCar said . A fund has been established to help provide for his family . Wheldon was survived by his wife , Susie , and two young sons . Two drivers seriously injured in the wreck -- J.R. Hildebrand and Pippa Mann -- were released Monday from the University Medical Center in Las Vegas , said IndyCar . Wheldon 's death was the first for the IndyCar circuit since March 2006 , when driver Paul Dana was killed in a two-car crash while warming up for the season-opening race at Homestead-Miami Speedway . One of the most famous racing deaths was that of the elder Dale Earnhardt in NASCAR 's 2001 Daytona 500 . Sports Illustrated senior writer Jon Wertheim said Monday that the sheer speed of race cars , and the minimal distance separating them , means danger lurks around every turn and on every straightaway . Wheldon , for example , was bunched with several other vehicles cruising at about 220 mph when Sunday 's crash occurred . "  The fact of the matter is , you 're dealing with very , very fast automobiles . They 're not heavy cars , " Wertheim said . "  There is , unfortunately , an assumption of risk when you get into one of those race cars . " Beyond questions about racing 's safety generally , the condition of the Las Vegas Motor Speedway -- and whether or not it was too fast and too crammed with vehicles -- was the subject of intense questioning in the hours after Wheldon 's death . Driver Dario Franchitti told ABC News that the track offered "  nowhere to get away from anybody . " "  This is not a suitable track , and we 've seen it today , " he said . The loop in Las Vegas is 1.5 miles , one mile shorter than the iconic Indianapolis Motor Speedway . At the same time , it is wider than many others -- such that more cars can run alongside , and potentially collide with , one another . CNN 's Greg Botelho and David Close contributed to this report .	Public memorial service for Wheldon will be held Sunday IndyCar launches a formal investigation into Sunday 's fatal accident The two-time Indy 500 winner was testing a safer IndyCar in the weeks before his death Fellow driver Dario Franchitti says the Las Vegas speedway is "  not a suitable track "
Using game theory and data analytics , a group of political scientists predicted Egypt 's current turmoil back in 2011 as the Mubarak regime was falling , and is now working to forecast the country 's future . In November 2011 , a few months after Hosni Mubarak had been ousted by the Egyptian revolution , the scientists predicted that in the final evolution of Egypt 's transitional democratic phase , the military would allow for semi-free elections but would still act as custodians of the country and the true center of power in the short to medium term . "  But as we predicted , when any opposition party comes into power , they only have a year or so to deliver their promises -- and most of the time they ca n't . And that 's what led us to where we are today , " said Mark Abdollahian , a political scientist and co-creator of Senturion , a large-data predictive analysis model that 's used by the U.S. State Department and other governments in predicting , preventing and stopping cycles of violence . Egyptians to take to streets again Abdollahian 's team used complex computer algorithm logic games , that measure how people interact with one another , to draw different scenarios of how segments of Egyptian society , power brokers , religious sectors and other sociopolitical variables would affect the outcome of the transition . Abdollahian 's report also concluded that "  the military will act as a safety net against rising anti-Israeli and anti-American sentiment and ultimately the military and intelligence apparatus will act against extremism that may emerge in the democratic process . " "  At that time with societal pressure , Egyptians protesting on the streets and calling for change , the Muslim Brotherhood and Mohammed Morsy were the best credible alternatives to Mubarak , " Abdollahian said . "  In November 2011 , what we showed was even though the majority of the Egyptian society was in favor of ousting Hosni Mubarak , the Egyptian military was at the time going to support the newly elected regime , but not fully accept it for a long-term solution . " Using what he calls "  mapping and tracking , " Abdollahian and his team studied political , religious and civil society elements and the influence of international , regional and Egyptian groups to form their analysis . "  We mapped who are the stakeholders , their interests on the political issues and what they are going to do with Mubarak . And once we did that , using game theory , we get a good map to track , " a method Abdollahian and his team continue to use in forecasting what 's next for Egypt . When a coup is not called a coup Morsy 's departure a ` reset ' for constitution , government According to Abdollahian 's new report , set to be released within the next few days , there will be acceleration to a presidential election and the change of constitution , where most likely Mohamed ElBaradei will emerge as the top presidential contender . ElBaradei regarded as outsider within Egypt ElBaradei , a former director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency and a Nobel laureate , told CNN on Thursday that Morsy 's departure will serve as a "  reset , " so Egypt can start over in forming a constitution and putting together an inclusive government . With many of the Muslim Brotherhood members detained since Morsy 's fall , ElBaradei acknowledged the need for a cohesive society that meets the needs of the Egyptian people and incorporates all sectors of the society . "  My fear is that the Brotherhood will fear that they are excluded . We need a quick delivery . And we need a cohesive society that is tolerant , that respects each other 's differences , " he said . With more than $ 1.3 billion of aid from the United States at stake for the Egyptian military , the interim government 's next move is key in determining the geopolitics of the region , including its relations with the United States , the European Union and Israel . "  The military will continue to be pro-American , because of its reliance on U.S. foreign aid and military assistance , and the Egyptians who would be running in the future will be smart enough not to bring conflict with the U.S. , " said Ashraf Singer , a member of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs who has also worked closely with Egyptian government officials . U.S. President Barack Obama on Wednesday refrained from calling Morsy 's ouster a "  coup , " as such a statement would legally oblige the U.S. to stop the flow of military aid to Egypt . U.S. allies will take wait and see approach Abdollahian said the U.S and the European Union are taking a wait and see approach , and his upcoming forecast predicts the U.S. and its allies will "  move cautiously and solely in support of the new government , but wo n't take a strong stance because of the risks of potential implications throughout the region . " Obama , advisers discuss ` fluid ' situation in Egypt He added that based on his group 's analytics , the current military leadership does not want to be the sole political entity ruling the country and sees itself as only the custodian of the society . "  We predict that the military would support this parallel track of elections and constitutional reform that would be done in a more democratic fashion ; and the United States and its allies will wait to see the outcome of this process and then decide on their strategic approach toward Egypt . " But Abdollahian says his models also forecast severe civil conflicts and the likelihood of "  attacks from the Muslim Brotherhood , especially in the troubled Sinai region . " "  Unfortunately we foresee strong potential for more bloodshed , where regular Egyptians are the casualties -- so the faster the military ensures and delivers the constitutional and democratic reform , the better it is for the people and avoiding a civil conflict , " he said . Why Americans should care about Egypt	Team predicted that Morsy 's government had only a year or so to deliver Data analyzed came from factors inside and outside of Egypt Model predicts that the military will continue ties to U.S. to keep military aid flowing Team suggests that violence will intensify before it abates
CNN  -- A compromised levee in Poplar Bluff , Missouri , failed Tuesday , forcing authorities to order more evacuations in the region . The levee failed in at least four locations along a two-mile stretch along the Black River , City Manager Doug Bagby said . The failure was sending floodwaters from the Black River into a populated but rural area of Butler County , sparing the city of Poplar Bluff , said the city 's deputy police chief , Jeff Rolland . Authorities were worried about another one to three inches of rain in the forecast . It was unclear how many people might eventually be affected by the flooding , Butler County Sheriff 's Detective Scott Phelps said . As of midafternoon Tuesday , several hundred homes had been evacuated in the county , he said . The breaks occurred between Poplar Bluff and the community of Qulin , about 12 miles to the southeast . Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon said 59 water rescues were conducted and nearly 7,000 people had to be moved in Butler County . Bagby said about 1,000 of them are city residents , with more than 200 being sheltered at Black River Coliseum . Flood levels are dropping slowly , Bagby said , and people may be able to return to their homes Wednesday afternoon if the trend continues . "  It 's sunny in Poplar Bluff right now , " Bagby said on Tuesday afternoon . The city has received 15 inches of rain in the last four days , Rolland said -- five of them in just one storm Monday . "  It 's just extraordinary , " Rolland said . Nixon deployed about 200 members of the Missouri National Guard to Poplar Bluff and the southeastern corner of the state for what the National Weather Service said could be record flooding . Nixon ordered troops to help with efforts to shore up levees near Poplar Bluff and other river communities , among other duties . "  A lot of people are getting very worried that they 're going to see higher levels than they 've ever seen before , " said Aaron Luke , a Nashville resident , who visited family in the Poplar Bluff area over the weekend . Luke left his car at an aunt 's house north of Poplar Bluff when rising waters prevented him from leaving the area . "  I had to grab a rental car to get out and return to Nashville , " he said , after using a boat to get across a swollen creek . Authorities ordered residents most at risk to evacuate immediately . Other residents near the river were asked to closely monitor developments and water levels in their neighborhoods , the police department said . Daryl Nelson helped evacuate his father and sister from the south end of the city . "  You do n't know when it 's going to be over and you can get back in , " he told CNN affiliate KFVS . "  It 's better than getting everything ruined . " Poplar Bluff resident Alleesha Gloyd , 29 , said many streets were flooded Monday night . "  They 're not driving wisely at all , " she said of area motorists . CNN 's Ed Payne , Phil Gast , Marlena Baldacci , Michael Pearson and Kara Devlin contributed to this report .	59 people rescued in Poplar Bluff area Levee fails , sending water rushing into rural part of Butler County , Missouri Missouri 's governor has enlisted the National Guard in the flood fight
CNN  -- An investigation is under way into a previously unrevealed incident last week in which two jetliners nearly collided over Hong Kong , aviation authorities said Tuesday . The September 18 incident reportedly did not come to light publicly until an article revealing it was published Tuesday in the English-language newspaper The Standard of Hong Kong . The two jets , carrying more than 600 passengers and crew members , came within seconds of colliding , the newspaper reported , citing a former Hong Kong aviation official . According to a statement issued by Hong Kong 's Civil Aviation Department , a Cathay Pacific Airways flight that was bound for Hong Kong International Airport came within 1 nautical mile  2 km  of a Dragonair A330 airplane that was in a holding pattern for landing . The international standard for separation between aircraft is 5 nautical miles  9.26 kilometers  horizontally or 1,000 feet  304  meters vertically  , the department said . The incident happened during a stormy afternoon when aircraft were stacked up for landing over Hong Kong , the department said . An air traffic controller was trying to shuffle waiting aircraft around so that the Cathay Pacific flight , which was low on fuel , could land more quickly . That 's when controllers noticed the flights were too close . The pilots of both aircraft failed to respond to commands to change course at one point or another during the incident , the department said . Collision avoidance systems on both aircraft activated after the crew of the Cathay Pacific flight failed to respond to a command to climb to a higher altitude . Cathay Pacific said in a statement that "  both Cathay Pacific and Dragonair pilots had taken appropriate actions under the circumstances to re-establish standard separation between the two aircraft . " The pilots could see each other 's planes during the incident and there was no risk of collision , the department and Cathay Pacific said . But The Standard quoted Hong Kong 's former civil aviation chief Albert Lam Kwong-yu as saying that , based on normal speeds of the airliners involved , they were about six seconds from colliding . "  The chance of a crash is absolutely high , " the paper quoted Lam as saying . "  The passengers really came back from hell . " The flights involved were Cathay 841 from New York to Hong Kong , and Dragonair 433 from Kaoshiung , Taiwan , to Hong Kong . The Cathay jet had 317 people aboard and the Dragonair jet had 296 aboard , according to aviation officials . Investigators have ruled out air traffic controller fatigue as a cause of the near-collision , the department said . The air controller in charge of the flights was appropriately rested and has since returned to work , the agency said . Investigators will examine air traffic procedures , staffing levels and flight crew operations , the department said . Hong Kong has been the site of four other near-collision incidents in the last 11 years . -- In September 2010 , a Cathay Pacific plane taking off for London after midnight had to deviate from the runway center line at high speed because the tail of another plane was too close to its path . -- In July 2006 , a Dragonair Airbus and a Northwest Airlines Boeing -- both heading for Tokyo -- were reported to be just 100 meters apart vertically while 80 nautical miles east of the Hong Kong airport . -- In September 2004 , a China Southern Airlines plane leaving Hong Kong and an incoming Malaysia Airlines cargo plane came within 304 meters of each other 55 nautical miles south of the airport . -- In June 2001 , a Dragonair Airbus to Shanghai and a Cathay Pacific flight arriving from Seoul were reported 210 meters apart 110 nautical miles east of Hong Kong .	An investigation is under way into a near-collision last week over Hong Kong The incident was not reported publicly until a Hong Kong newspaper revealed it Tuesday Aviation and airline officials say passengers were never at risk It 's at least the fourth near-collision over Hong Kong in 11 years
A carbon monoxide leak at a Wisconsin ice rink left 81 people hospitalized -- and an ice resurfacing machine could be to blame . The leak occurred Saturday at the end of a minor league hockey game between the Dells Ducks and the Ice Hawks in Lake Delton . Dozens of people were treated at local hospitals for dizziness , nausea , headaches , vomiting and fainting , authorities said . Delton Fire Department officials said the cause of the leak was the rink 's resurfacing machine , CNN affiliate WISC reported . The incident started when several players complained of headaches and dizziness . Some had vomited and one had fainted , the Delton Fire Department said in a statement . It said it recorded high readings of the gas from inside the Poppy Waterman Ice Rink , but at the time of the leak , many hockey players , staff and spectators had left . Fire and emergency personnel went to various locations to seek out those who had attended the game and transport them to hospital , the fire department said . Activities at the ice rink were canceled for Monday . "  The good thing about this is a lot of people got sick all at once , so it was recognized quickly and the exposure was pretty limited , " Matt Lazio , director of St. Clare 's emergency department , told WISC. "  But this is a potentially fatal kind of poisoning . "	Officials : 81 people are treated at local hospitals for dizziness , nausea , headaches The incident started when several players complained of headaches WISC : Officials say the leak came from the ice resurfacer Some players had vomited and one had fainted , authorities say
CNN  -- An Ohio jury on Monday began the sentencing phase for convicted serial killer Anthony Sowell , ultimately deciding whether he should receive life in prison or the death penalty for killing 11 Cleveland-area women between 2007 and 2009 . Jurors on July 22 convicted Sowell of 11 counts of aggravated murder and more than 70 other charges , including abusing corpses and kidnapping . The sole not-guilty verdict came on an aggravated robbery charge . On Monday , they heard from prosecutors asking for the death penalty and from defense attorneys trying to save Sowell 's life . "  We believe that , at the end of the day ... at the end of all the evidence , that you will decide that death is not the appropriate penalty in this particular case , " said John Parker , who is representing Sowell . During the sentencing phase , the defense could call up to 28 witnesses -- among them family members , acquaintances and five expert witnesses -- according to Cuyahoga County court administrator Gregory Popovich . They are expected to wrap up their case in four to five days . The prosecution expects to call two or three witnesses of its own , during the rebuttal phase , Popovich said . Sowell will be able to make a statement on his own behalf without being under oath or facing cross-examination from prosecutors , said Ryan Miday , a spokesman for the Cuyahoga County prosecutor 's office . Sowell has been classified as a "  sexually violent predator , " meaning parole is not an option , Miday said . If jurors decide to recommend that Sowell die for his crimes , the judge can overrule that recommendation and impose a life sentence . But if jurors decide to spare Sowell 's life , the judge can not impose a death sentence , Popovich said . Sowell 's convictions ended a saga that began in October 2009 with the discovery of the first two victims ' remains inside Sowell 's home . He eventually was accused of killing at least 11 women ranging in age from 25 to 52 . He grew up in East Cleveland , joined the Marines at age 18 and traveled to California , North Carolina and Japan , authorities said . Sowell served 15 years in prison for attempted rape before being released in 2005 . People who met him after his release described him as "  a normal guy . " He was known locally for selling scrap metal . Sowell 's inconspicuous two-story home sat in a dilapidated neighborhood known as Mount Pleasant . At one point , one in five homes there was in foreclosure and at least a third of the residents received food stamps , according to a 2010 study by Case Western Reserve University 's Center on Urban Poverty and Community Development . A stench hovered around the area , but no one realized it was the scent of decaying human flesh , instead assuming it was a byproduct of a nearby sausage factory . Many of Sowell 's victims struggled with drug addiction at some point , and court records showed many resorted to stealing and prostitution to support their habits . The disappearances of the women -- many of whom lived near him -- went largely unnoticed for two years , with only four women being reported missing . In late 2008 , a woman named Gladys Wade told police that a man in a gray hoodie offered her beer , and when she declined he punched her in the face several times . Wade said he then tried to rape her , dragging her toward his home , and that she escaped after "  gouging his face . " Police investigated Wade 's complaint , and one police report noted the presence of blood droplets on Sowell 's walls and steps . But officers told CNN affiliate WKYC that the case was dropped after Wade declined to press charges . Six more women disappeared after her complaint . The first bodies were discovered after a 36-year-old Cleveland woman told police a story similar to Wade 's . It was also similar to the story of the woman whose 1989 account led to Sowell 's attempted rape conviction . The Cleveland woman said he had invited her into his home for beer , punched her in the face and began performing oral sex on her -- letting her go only after she promised to return the next day . Most of the women whose remains were found in and around Sowell 's home had been strangled by ligature , which can include a string , cord or wire , and at least one had been strangled by hand , officials said . Seven women still had ligatures wrapped around their necks . A skull was all that remained of one victim ; it had been wrapped in a paper bag and stuffed in a bucket in the home 's basement . At Sowell 's trial , his defense rested without calling any witnesses or presenting any evidence , according to CNN affiliate WOIO . His defense attorneys have declined previous requests by CNN to explain their case .	NEW : A defense attorney says he feels jurors will decide "  death is not the appropriate penalty " Anthony Sowell was convicted of killing 11 Cleveland-area women between 2007 and 2009 He has been classified as a "  sexually violent predator " The defense is expected to take 4 to 5 days for its part of the sentencing phase
CNN  -- With fish as witnesses , the president of Maldives and his Cabinet wore scuba gear and used hand signals Saturday at an underwater meeting to highlight the threat climate change poses to the archipelago nation . The Maldives declaration will be presented at a U.N. summit on climate change in December . The meeting , chaired by President Mohamed Nasheed , took place around a table about 16 feet  5 meters  underwater , according to the president 's Web site . Bubbles ascended from the face masks the president and the Cabinet wore , and fish swam around them . At the meeting , the Cabinet signed a declaration calling for global cuts in carbon emissions that will be presented before a U.N. climate summit in Copenhagen , Denmark , in December . "  We are trying to send our message to let the world know what is happening and what will happen to the Maldives if climate change is n't checked , " Nasheed said , according to his Web site . Asked what would happen if Copenhagen fails , the president said , "  we are all going to die , " according to the site . The ministers signed their wet suits , which are being auctioned , to raise money for coral reef protection in the Maldives , the Web site said . Maldives is grappling with the very likely possibility that it will go under water if the current pace of climate change keeps raising sea levels . The Maldives is an archipelago of almost 1,200 coral islands south-southwest of India . Most of it lies just 4.9 feet  1.5 meters  above sea level . The United Nations ' Intergovernmental Panel of Climate Change has forecast a rise in sea levels of at least 7.1 inches  18 cm  by the end of the century . The country 's capital , Male , is protected by sea walls . But creating a similar barrier around the rest of the country will be cost-prohibitive . Watch how the Maldives are fighting to survive " Soon after his election in November , Nasheed raised the possibility of finding a new homeland for the country 's 396,000 residents . The tourist nation wants to set aside part of its annual billion-dollar revenue into buying a new homeland , he said at the time . "  We will invest in land , " he said . "  We do not want to end up in refugee tents if the worst happens . " Nasheed 's government said it has broached the idea with several countries and found them to be "  receptive . " Lands owned by Sri Lanka and India were possibilities because the countries have similar cultures , cuisine and climate as the Maldives . Australia is also being considered because of the vast unoccupied land it owns . CNN 's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report .	President , Cabinet don scuba gear to sign carbon emissions declaration "  We are all going to die , " leader says , if climate change is n't checked Most of archipelago lies less than 5 feet above sea level Experts expect water levels to rise more than 7 inches by end of century
London  CNN  -- The ex-wife of Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood said the precarious finances of L'Wren Scott 's fashion business may have played a role in the late designer 's apparent suicide . "  I think it might have been , for her , a question of losing face , " 59-year-old Wood told CNN in an exclusive interview . "  She was such a proud woman that , I think , to face that , well maybe that was the trigger . " Wood admitted she was "  surprised as much as everyone else " to learn of the death of Scott , the longtime partner of her ex-husband Ronnie 's band mate Mick Jagger . Scott , 49 , was found dead in her Manhattan apartment on Monday ; she appears to have taken her own life . READ MORE : L'Wren Scott 's business was in trouble Wood said she had been in contact with Ronnie who reported that Jagger was "  devastated " by the news . "  The band is rallying around Mick , " said Wood . "  This will have hit him at the worst possible time , when he 's away on tour . And she questioned the future of the Rolling Stones in the wake of the news : "  Where they go from here I just do n't know , " she said . Asked whether this would spark the end of the band 's 50-year career in rock music , Wood said : "  I do n't know . "  Mick 's devastated -- to have a girlfriend commit suicide -- he always looked after the women in his life . This will have hit him very hard . " Scott , a former model and entrepreneur , was also a well-known celebrity stylist , having dressed scores of high profile clients for red carpet events like the Oscars and Golden Globes . She incorporated her clothing line in the UK in 2006 under the name LS Fashions Ltd. , but six years later the firm was trading heavily in the red . Accounts filed with the UK 's Companies House show that by the end of 2012 it had racked up debts of $ 7.6 million , and was burning though cash at a rapid rate . In the last year of its submissions , official paperwork showed the company 's liquid reserves had plummeted to just a tenth of their value in 2011 . In a statement issued Friday , a spokesperson for Scott said , "  The long-term prospects for the business were encouraging . Ms. Scott was very focused on doing what was right for her global business and for the support of her team . " Scott had been due to hold a show at London Fashion Week on February 16 , but the event was cancelled , the British Fashion Council confirmed . Mick Jagger , who had shared his life with Scott for 13 years , took to his official site MickJagger.com and to Facebook to express his grief . "  I am still struggling to understand how my lover and best friend could end her life in this tragic way , " he wrote . "  We spent many wonderful years together and had made a great life for ourselves . She had great presence and her talent was much admired , not least by me . "  I have been touched by the tributes that people have paid to her , and also the personal messages of support that I have received , " he wrote , adding : "  I will never forget her . " Wood , who had spent time with Scott while on tour with the band , described her as "  a bit aloof " and "  hard to get close to , " but always courteous and kind . Scott 's relationship with Jagger , she said , seemed "  close " and "  warm . " "  I always thought they were very happy . I never saw any kind of argument . She was always very supportive of him . " Following news of Scott 's death , the Rolling Stones postponed the rest of their tour of Australia and New Zealand until further notice . In a statement explaining the decision , the band said : "  Mick Jagger , Keith Richards , Charlie Watts and Ronnie Wood wish to thank all of their fans for their support at this difficult time and hope that they will fully understand the reason for this announcement . " WATCH : Jo Wood : Jagger ` devastated ' by L'Wren loss READ MORE : Jagger speaks out on death of L'Wren Scott READ MORE : L'Wren Scott , fashion designer , found dead	Jo Wood : Finances of L'Wren Scott 's business may have played role in apparent suicide . Fashion designer Scott , girlfried of Mick Jagger , found dead in Manhattan apartment on Monday Wood , ex-wife of Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie , said Scott and Jagger seemed "  very happy " Rolling Stones postpone tour of Australia and New Zealand in wake of death
What kind of font are you ? Which do you find most attractive ? And how can this help with your love life ? This might sound like copy from a cheap dating website . But according to Sarah Hyndman , a British designer specializing in typography , our taste in fonts reveals more about us than we 'd expect . "  Fonts form a kind of language of their own , and we are all unconsciously fluent in it , " she says when I visit her studio in Hackney , north London . "  Each font gives a different message and atmosphere , and we instinctively understand that . Typefaces have a deep significance for everyone . " In other words , they may reveal who we really are . And what we desire . Smelling fonts Hyndman recently gave a lecture at the London Design Festival that explored the complex network of associations triggered by different fonts . By way of demonstration , she lines up three bottles on the table , next to a sample of three fonts : Comic Sans , Times New Roman and Helvetica . As bizarre as it sounds , my job is to match up the bottles and fonts using only my sense of smell . The first bottle , when opened , smells of bubblegum . There 's no question that this is Comic Sans . The second gives out the aroma of coffee : Times New Roman . And the last one contains a neutral , Helvetica odor . It was surprisingly easy . "  More than 80 % of people give the same answer , " she says . "  This shows how deeply typography is embedded in our psyche . " Hyndman is working with scientists at the Crossmodal Research Laboratory at Oxford University to establish the links between certain fonts and our senses , including taste , hearing and smell . "  We 've found that rounded fonts are commonly associated with deep reds and sweet tastes , " she says . "  Jagged , angular typefaces evoke salty or sour tastes , and harsh sounds . "  This may be based in evolution . When our ancestors were foraging , sweet , sugary foods were the supreme energy source . And they used all their senses to identify them . " Finding love How can all of this be applied to the game of love ? To illustrate , Hyndman takes out another collection of props : candy bags with different fonts pinned to the outside . This time , my job is to choose the one that best reflects my personality , and the one that would represent a desirable partner . I think for a moment , and decide that Gill Sans is the most "  me " . Inside the bag -- in addition to font-shaped candy -- is a description of my personality . "  You are a traditionalist , your news comes via the BBC and you use correct grammar in texts and tweets , " it says . "  Your ability to communicate clearly and in a friendly tone of voice will being future opportunities your way . " This analysis is based on the cultural context of the Gill Sans font , which was created in 1926 by Eric Gill , who was inspired by Edward Johnston 's iconic London Underground typeface . It was quickly adopted by British Rail and Penguin Books , as well as the BBC . So the fact that I was drawn to it , apparently , indicates that I 'm an establishment kind of guy . To which I respond : meh . What about my ideal partner ? I dither for a moment , then plump for Caslon . It seems elegant , characterful and balanced , somehow . The perfect type ? My ideal woman , I discover , has "  strong ties to -LSB- her -RSB- home but has travel in -LSB- her -RSB- future . -LSB- She -RSB- will be influential in the Americas " . This is because Caslon , though invented in Britain in the 18th Century , became extremely popular in America . It was Benjamin Franklin 's favorite font , and was used both on the Presidential Seal and the Declaration of Independence . Now , my wife has no significant connections to the United States . But I do write for CNN  whose logo , Hyndman says , is "  sweet with a little bit of savory , a little twist of crunch "  . Perhaps my choice of fonts actually describes my employer ? Either way , it is a good idea to try out Hyndman 's online font-based personality test . Admittedly , it 's not completely watertight . But it might just increase your chances of finding someone that is just your type . For those interested to know more , Sarah Hyndman has launched a new series of "  Tuesday Type Tastings " in London . More from Style : Biodesign : Why the future of our cities is soft and hairy The amazing art on these Communist-era houses was a rebellion back then	New font-based personality quiz can help you identify your perfect partner British designer Sarah Hyndman believes our taste in fonts can be very revealing Try the test and see if you can find your type of lover
He picked up the Pittsburgh Steelers from the bottom of the pile , and when he finished with them , they had become a fearsome powerhouse . Chuck Noll , the man who led his team to four Super Bowl victories -- the most by any head coach -- died late Friday . He was 82 . Family was by his side when Noll passed away of natural causes at his home in Sewickley , Pennsylvania , just outside of Pittsburgh , the Allegheny County medical examiner 's office said . He had suffered from Alzheimer 's and heart disease . His Super Bowl triumphs are the tip of the iceberg of the winning legacy Noll left behind . When he took over the helm of the Steelers in 1969 , the team had not won a single title in nearly 40 years , according to the Pro Football Hall of Fame , which inducted Noll into its Canton , Ohio , shrine in 1993 . During his first year as head coach , the team floundered to a season close of just one win and 13 losses . But Noll homed in on the yearly draft of college players and used his savvy to assemble the gritty , talented nucleus of what would become a dynasty . By 1972 , the Steelers ' fortunes turned , when they won their first-ever division title , the AFC Central . They went on to win eight more during Noll 's stint of 23 seasons , which ended in 1991 with an overall record of 209 wins , 156 losses and one tie . The Noll era spawned one Steeler Hall of Fame player after another , such as quarterback Terry Bradshaw ; "  Mean " Joe Greene , who anchored the "  Steel Curtain " defensive line ; center Mike Webster , linebackers Jack Ham and Jack Lambert ; receivers Lynn Swann and John Stallworth ; and running back Franco Harris , whose career rushing yards rank 13th in NFL history . Steeler greats mourn their former coach "  I had a great amount of fear for him , " Bradshaw said Saturday . "  He 's kind of like a father from whom you want approval and you do n't quite get it . " For Bradshaw , who had a stormy relationship with Noll , that fear amounted to respect . "  I 'm proud to have played for him . It was a great honor . " "  Chuck was just the ultimate leader , " said Greene , who played his entire career for Noll . "  He had truth and belief in what he was saying , and over time all of those things he said were validated , the things about winning football games and being a solid citizen . " "  I am a little shocked by this , and sad , " added Harris . "  These are times when we reflect on all the great memories and the great times that we had . And there 's no doubt that these memories that we had , probably people consider them the best of times in pro football . " Four Super Bowls in six years Noll began his pro football career in the 1950s , playing as a guard and linebacker for the Cleveland Browns . After his playing career he became an assistant coach with the Los Angeles Chargers  later the San Diego Chargers  . He was the defensive coordinator in 1968 for the seemingly invincible Baltimore Colts . Despite a season that ended in a Super Bowl loss to the New York Jets , the Colts ' defense gave up only 144 points . It was Baltimore head coach Don Shula who recommended him for the Pittsburgh job . Shula , who himself would go on to win two Super Bowls at the helm of the Miami Dolphins , told CNN that letting Noll go "  was the right thing to do . " "  He wanted to be there , and he needed to be there , so I let him go . " Noll , Shula said , was "  a wonderful human being . " "  He never got the credit he deserved for his accomplishments . " Noll and the Steelers took their first Vince Lombardi Trophy in January 1975 , beating the Minnesota Vikings 16-6 in Super Bowl IX , then went on to win three of the next five , capped by a 31-19 victory over the Los Angeles Rams in Super Bowl XIV . Since Noll 's retirement the Steelers have gone on to win two more Super Bowls for a total of six , more than any other NFL franchise . Reaction People we 've lost in 2014	"  I 'm proud to have played for him , " says Hall of Fame quarterback Terry Bradshaw Chuck Noll , who coached the Pittsburgh Steelers from 1969 to 1991 , dies at 82 The Steelers were a perennial NFL doormat until Noll took over as head coach "  Noll never got the credit he deserved " says Don Shula
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Some New Yorkers may want to reconsider exclaiming "  Thank God " when arriving at their destination subway station beginning Monday . A coalition of atheist groups will place ads in New York subway stations next week . Or at least that 's what a coalition of eight atheist organizations are hoping , having purchased a month-long campaign that will place their posters in a dozen busy subway stations throughout Manhattan . The advertisements ask the question , written simply over an image of a blue sky with wispy white clouds : "  A million New Yorkers are good without God . Are you ? " On October 26 , a dozen bustling New York City subway stations will be adorned with the ads as "  part of a coordinated multi-organizational advertising campaign designed to raise awareness about people who do n't believe in a god " , according to a statement from the group , the Big Apple Coalition of Reason . New York City 's subway system is one of the busiest in the world with more than 5 million riders per day and more than 1.6 billion total passengers in 2008 , according to the Metro Transit Authority . Recognizing this , the Big Apple Coalition of Reason decided the "  best bang for the buck " was to place posters in popular subway stations to capitalize on the amount of potential viewers , says Michael De Dora Jr. , executive director of the New York Center for Inquiry , one of the associated atheist groups . De Dora says the ambitions behind the advertisements are threefold . First , the coalition hopes the promotion will enhance awareness of New York City 's secular community . He explained that the coalition also hopes to encourage "  talking and thinking about religion and morality , " as well as support involvement in groups that encourage a sense of a social community for non-believing New Yorkers . John Rafferty , president of the Secular Humanist Society of New York , another member group of the coalition , said the ads are in no way an anti-religious campaign . They are looking to reach out to more people who have similar feelings , but might not be aware of an outlet to express their beliefs , he said . Rafferty and De Dora cite the American Religious Identification Survey , released earlier this year , as evidence of a shift away from organized religion . Those checking "  none " for religion rose from 8 percent of the population in 1990 to 15 percent in 2008 , effectively making "  no religion " the fastest growing religious identification in the United States . De Dora said that the "  million " New York nonbelievers mentioned in the advertisements is the result of an extrapolation based on the survey 's findings . With more than 8 million residents living in New York 's five boroughs , the organization projects more than a million potential atheist New Yorkers . De Dora said individuals "  do n't need religion to be good people and productive members of society " and ultimately he feels that groups of nonbelievers are "  adding to cultural life of NYC . " The United Coalition of Reason , which is a national organization that helps local groups advocate atheist ideas , approached the New York nonbeliever associations in August with an offer of a donation from an anonymous source to help pay for the subway station ad campaign . The donation amount was for exactly $ 25,000 and specifically allocated for the subway advertising promotion . Rafferty says the groups involved expect no substantial backlash over their ads . Since news of the campaign was made public early this week "  reaction has been mixed , " De Dora said . He emphasizes that the Big Apple Coalition of Reason ads are not "  forcing issues , they 're just getting ideas out there , " with the hope of fostering discussion in New York . The ads are "  not poking fun at religion and not being outright nasty , " he said . A year ago some unease was caused by advertisements that ran inside subway cars promoting Islam . While the ads themselves were n't controversial , they were partially funded by an imam of a Brooklyn mosque who served a character witness for convicted 1993 World Trade Center bombing mastermind Sheikh Omar Abdel-Rahman . In a statement to CNN , Metro Transit Authority spokesman Aaron Donovan said , "  The MTA maintains basic advertising guidelines with prohibitions on nudity , four-letter words , and the like . Beyond that , to accord with the First Amendment , our advertising guidelines are written so as to not prohibit the free exercise of religion or abridge the freedom of speech . " According to the Big Apple Coalition of Reason in their statement , the New York City campaign is just one component of a "  nationwide effort " by the United Coalition of Reason that will see billboards and postings in transit systems across the United States .	On October 26 , New York City subway stations will be adorned with the ads Group : Ads designed to raise awareness about people who do n't believe in a god Subway system one of busiest in world with more than 5 million riders a day
CNN  -- Europe 's players will pay tribute to Seve Ballesteros by having a special image of the golf legend emblazoned on their golf bags during this week 's Ryder Cup matches against the United States in Chicago . The image depicts Ballesteros ' famous celebration as he clinched the British Open at St Andrews in 1984 . It was a particular favorite of the Spanish star , who had it tattooed on his left arm and described holing the winning putt on the 18th green as "  the happiest moment of my sporting life . " The design was revealed as the European team practiced for the first time Tuesday at Medinah Country Club ahead of Friday 's opening action . Non-playing captain Jose Maria Olazabal , who formed an almost unbeatable partnership with Ballesteros in the Ryder Cup , is hoping his players will gain inspiration from memories of his great friend , who died of brain cancer last year . "  We felt that this was one way that Seve could be with us every step of the way . This is the first match since he sadly passed away and a fitting tribute to a true champion , " he told the official European Tour website . Olazabal will be hoping to lead Europe to a fifth win in six stagings of the biennial team event , but U.S. captain Davis Love III has warned the visitors to expect an atmosphere "  like nothing you 've ever seen before " when the action gets underway in the three-day tournament . Love , a two-time winner of the cup as a player , has told Europe 's top golfers to expect partisan support from the American fans . Ryder Cup revolutionaries : Seve & Ollie "  It 's going to be incredible , big golf and a big stage , " Love , a 20-time winner on the PGA Tour , told a press conference . "  I think the first tee could be the loudest any of these guys have ever seen to start off a golf tournament . So I expect a lot of passion . If we are winning holes , it 's going to get pretty loud out there , and that 's the home field advantage is all about . " Despite the raucous reception which awaits world No. 1 Rory McIlroy and his European teammates , Olazabal , a three-time winner of the Ryder Cup , is looking forward to sampling the event 's unique flavor . "  We respect each other a lot , " double Masters champion Olazabal said of the rivalry between the two teams . "  Obviously we are going to try to beat each other , no questions about that , but we respect each member of our opponent team . "  Davis and I , we have competed against each other quite a few times , not just in the Ryder Cup but in other events , and here we are sitting together and each one of us has a huge respect towards the other . " Love , the 2007 PGA Championship winner , echoed his counterpart 's sentiments , saying , "  We are fortunate to play a game and represent a game that is the model for all other sports . "  It always has been ... We are fortunate that Seve Ballesteros and the players that came before us demanded that ... respect of the game and to carry on traditions of the game . "  I think this match and the friendship that it begins with and the friendship that it ends with is different than any other sport . " Tuesday 's practice saw the players go out in groups of four , with the some clues to likely partnerships for the fourball and foursomes matches on Friday and Saturday . Tiger Woods was with Steve Stricker , a successful recent pairing in Ryder Cups and Presidents Cups for the Americans . World No. 1 Rory McIlroy went out with Northern Ireland compatriot Graeme McDowell , having played three matches together at Celtic Manor as Europe won the cup back from the United States two years ago . Luke Donald and Lee Westwood , who claimed the scalp of Woods and Stricker in the 2010 clash in Wales , were also out together .	U.S. Ryder Cup captain Davis Love III expecting a partisan crowd at Medinah Love leads his players against Jose Maria Olazabal 's European team Spain 's Olazabal will hope to lead Europe to a fifth win in six Ryder Cup matches
CNN  -- Liverpool have signed Argentina international Maxi Rodriguez on a free transfer from Atletico Madrid . The 29-year-old winger has penned a three-and-a-half-year deal with Rafael Benitez 's side after four years in the Spanish capital . After passing a medical and agreeing terms Rodriguez put pen to paper on the deal , which is subject to international clearance . Manager Rafa Benitez told the club 's official Web site . "  We were looking for players with character and a good mentality . "  He has played for Argentina and Atletico Madrid and is a player with personality . He can play in three positions -- on the right , left or as a second striker -- and is someone with a very positive mentality , which is what we are looking for . "  He is comfortable on the ball , can pass and keep possession . He is good at getting into the box and scoring goals and a good finisher . Every year he gets five to 15 goals from the right side of midfield . " In other transfer news , Serie A side Fiorentina have agreed terms with Partizan Belgrade to sign promising midfielder Adem Ljajic . The 18-year-old looked poised to sign for Manchester United 12 months ago alongside team-mate Zoran Tosic . Tosic eventually made the move to Old Trafford , but the English Premier League champions decided against signing Ljajic . Meanwhile , Japan international Junichi Inamoto has left Rennes to join J-League side Kawasaki Frontale . The 30-year-old former Arsenal midfielder joined French side Rennes at the beginning of the season but failed to make an impact . Elsewhere , Scottish giants Celtic have trimmed their squad by selling four players in one day , with three going to the same club . Midfielders Barry Robson and Willo Flood and striker Chris Killen have all left Glasgow to be re-united with former manager Gordon Strachan at English Championship side Middlesbrough . Strachan also wanted to sign defender Gary Caldwell , but the Scottish international declined the move to sign a four-and-a-half year deal with Premier League Wigan for an undisclosed fee . There was also a managerial appointment in the English Premier League , with Burnley announcing that Owen Coyle , who left the club last week to join rivals Bolton , and been replaced by former Burnley defender Brian Laws . Transfer rumors : England : Tottenham forward Roman Pavlyuchenko looks set to end his White Hart Lane nightmare by joining Zenit St Petersburg , according to the Daily Mirror . Italy : Young Roma striker Stefano Okaka appears set to complete a loan move to Fulham next week , claim Tutto Mercato Web . Italy : West Ham midfielder Valon Behrami has been offered to both Roma and Lazio for 15m euros , although neither club can afford the transfer fee , Itasport are reporting .	Liverpool have signed Argentina international Maxi Rodriguez on a free transfer The 29-year-old winger has penned a three-and-a-half-year deal with Rafael Benitez 's side Fiorentina have agreed terms with Partizan Belgrade to sign promising midfielder Adem Ljajic
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Defying many predictions , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad held a commanding lead in the presidential vote count early Saturday , election officials with Iran 's Interior Ministry said . Men choose their candidates before voting Friday at a mosque in Tehran , Iran . With 72 percent of ballot boxes counted , Ahmedinejad had 65.7 percent of the vote while his chief rival Mir Hossein Moussavi had 31.4 percent , election officials said . Moussavi , widely regarded as a reformist , had been expected to do well as his campaign caught fire in recent days , triggering massive street rallies in Tehran . An "  unprecedented " voter turnout at the polls Friday was also expected to boost Moussavi 's chances of winning the presidency . Iran 's Interior Minister Seyed Sadeq Mahsouli said 70 percent of 46 million eligible voters had gone to the polls Friday , according to Fars , another semi-official news agency . Both candidates claimed victory . Moussavi 's camp accused the Iranian establishment of manipulating the vote . Watch why each side is claiming victory " Voting was supposed to end after 10 hours , but because of the massive turnout , officials initially said polling stations would remain open until everyone in line had a chance to vote . However , Moussavi alleged that doors were being closed with people still waiting outside . Some private news agencies reported many Iranians were milling about on the streets late into the night . Mehr reported that the chief of police declared public gatherings of candidate supporters illegal . Earlier in the day , voters crowded the steps of one polling place in Tehran , some waiting more than three hours underneath the hot sun to cast their ballots . Some were lining up even before the polls opened at 8 a.m. Moussavi is the main challenger among three candidates vying to replace Ahmadinejad . The other candidates are former parliament speaker and reformist Mehdi Karrubi , and Mohsen Rezaie , the former head of Iran 's Revolutionary Guards . Mehr reported Rezaie had 1.72 percent of the vote and Karrubi had 0.87 percent . If no single candidate reaches a simple majority -- 50 percent plus one vote -- a runoff election will be held on Friday , June 19 . It was unclear where the ballots that had been counted so far had been cast . Ahmadinejad still has staunch support in Iran 's rural areas , but has been blamed for much of Iran 's economic turmoil over the last four years . If he loses , it would be the first time a sitting Iranian president has not won re-election to a second term in office . Fawaz Gerges , an academic and author who studies the region , said Friday 's vote is really "  a referendum on Ahmadinejad , " who has been in office since 2005 . "  The unemployment rate is 30 percent ... the largest in the third world , inflation is -LSB- in the -RSB- double digits in Iran , " Gerges told CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  We focus in the United States a great deal on his inflammatory rhetoric on the Holocaust , on nuclear weapons . We tend to forget that Ahmadinejad has basically done a great deal of damage to the Iranian economy , on social policy . " While Moussavi 's campaign has energized key segments of Iranian voters -- particularly women -- Gerges noted that "  Iranians have surprised us many times . " Moussavi 's supporters crowded the streets of Tehran this week , wearing the candidate 's trademark color green . His campaign has also energized Iran 's youth , many of whom did not take part in the 2005 election . Yasmin , a 21-year-old university student , said she cast her ballot on Friday for Moussavi . CNN 's Christiane Amanpour reports emotions on the street " "  I 've never even been interested in the politics of my country until today . It was my first time voting , and I am so excited about it , " she said . "  We are all yearning for change , and I believe Moussavi will bring much more freedom to Iran and our lives . That is why I cast my ballot for him . There is so much anticipation in the air . " Moussavi 's supporters hope that he follows in the same footsteps as Mohammed Khatami , a reformist candidate who overwhelmingly won the presidency in 1997 , raising hopes that the reformist movement would bring religious and democratic freedoms to the Islamic republic . But the real power in Iran rests in the hands of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . By the time Khatami left office in 2005 , he was unable to make major changes because of the opposition of hard-line elements in Iran 's clerical establishment . "  The elected president is not the commander in chief , he does not make decisions of war and peace , " Gerges noted . "  The major decision maker -LSB- in Iran -RSB- is the unelected supreme leader , that is Ali Khamenei , along with a National Security Council . " But Gerges noted that the "  the style of the president " and his "  posture " have a great deal of influence on Iran 's relations with other countries , particularly the United States . Watch CNN review the unprecedented online presence of candidates " No matter who wins Friday 's vote , analysts say it is unlikely any of the candidates would change Iran 's position on its nuclear program , which the Islamic republic insists is for civilian purposes but the United States and other Western powers believe may be a cover for a weapons program . Iranian-American analyst and scholar Reza Aslan said that while Moussavi is "  a little bit more of a moderate when it comes to the nuclear issue ... all four candidates agreement with Iran 's right to develop nuclear . " Nevertheless , Aslan said that all four candidates also "  recognize it 's time to open up to America and to the international community because there 's no other option with regard to the economy . " CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Samson Desta and Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	Officials : 72 percent of votes in , incumbent president has 65.7 percent Large turnout was expected to benefit Ahmadinejad 's main rival , Moussavi Moussavi camp accuses Iranian establishment of manipulating the vote None of candidates expected to change Iran 's position on its nuclear program
CNN  -- No , some guy named Daniels on Facebook did n't win the Powerball lottery . And , no , he 's not really giving anyone $ 1 million of his winnings . But that did n't stop a doctored photo claiming just that from becoming possibly the most-shared image in the site 's history . In the photo , posted on the social-media ubersite Thursday night , a grinning man identified as Nolan Daniels holds up a Powerball ticket with the correct numbers for the massive $ 588 million jackpot awarded Wednesday . The caption that went along with it was the stuff of get-rich-quick daydreams : "  Looks like I wo n't be going to work EVER !!!! Share this photo and I will give a random person 1 million dollars ! " And share they did . By Monday morning , more than 2 million people had clicked in hopes of a windfall . The problem , of course , being that the numbers on the ticket were out of sequence -- a tip-off that the image had been doctored . And it did n't help when the two holders of actual winning tickets were found . Neither ticket belonged to Daniels , although one winner , like Daniels , is from the Phoenix area . The photo , which is the only publicly shared item on Daniels ' page , had gotten more than 27,000 comments by Monday morning . More than three days after the original post , some commenters were still oblivious to the hoax . "  You have given a lot of people hope at a wonderful time of year , what a kind and generous thing to do ! " one user wrote . "  Merry Christmas to you and your family ! " But most had taken a harsher turn , ranging from "  Ha ! Ha ! You got us " to angrier fare . "  What a JERK ... this is FAKE !!!! " someone wrote . "  All I can say is KARMA !!!! " The story first gained traction on social media , then took off when the Savannah  Georgia  Morning News published an article Friday on the activity surrounding Daniels ' Facebook page . A man claiming to be Daniels ' brother then left a comment on the Morning News ' site , discrediting the accuracy of the photo . "  Even though most knew it was fake , people hang onto the most slim opportunities for some luck , some hope ... , " wrote Derek Daniels in the post . "  I hope people were able to shake it off . I 'm sure the vast majority did . The idea of someone winning and then sharing in a second lottery is touching . Too bad ... this was n't the case . " The Morning News contacted Derek Daniels , who told the newspaper his brother Nolan is a 35-year-old software engineer . He thinks his brother was just seeking attention , according to the paper . "  I think he craves the love from people , " he said Saturday in a follow-up article published by the newspaper . "  He did this to make himself feel better . " Nolan Daniels did not immediately respond to a message on Facebook on Monday seeking comment for this report . Among the comments on his Facebook photo were at least dozens that recounted stories of personal hardship , from people with disabilities to tales of children diagnosed with terminal diseases . That , Derek Daniels said in his post , may be where a prank went too far . With 2 million-plus shares , the image may be the most-shared item in the eight-year history of Facebook . A photo of President Barack Obama hugging his wife , Michelle , posted after his re-election victory last month , received 581,000 shares . And Facebook 's most-shared item last year was a New York Times photo gallery of the Japanese earthquake and tsunami . It was shared about 600,000 times . A Facebook representative did not immediately respond to a request seeking comment .	Bogus lottery photo shared 2 million times on Facebook Man claimed he had won $ 588 million Powerball and would share Prankster 's brother to newspaper : "  I think he craves love " Last year 's most shared item on Facebook got 600,000 shares
Berlin , Germany  CNN  -- The Germans are known to be pessimists , so it is probably no wonder that the announcement of record growth in the first quarter of this year did n't excite too many people in one of Berlin 's main shopping areas at the Kurfürstendamm . "  I have not seen an economic upswing , " one student said , "  nothing has changed for ordinary people . " But the economists at Germany 's Federal Statistics Office take a somewhat different view . According to figures published on Friday they say Germany 's second quarter economic growth of 2.2 percent -- the largest since German unification -- is due in part to an increase in private consumption . That 's significant because Europe 's largest economy has often been criticized by its neighbors for exporting a lot , but consuming very little . That has not changed even with the positive economic data . "  If we look at what the statistical office tells us we see that consumption has increased a little , but it is not really what made the difference , " says Jörg Rocholl , an economist from the European School of Management and Technology in Berlin . Once again it was German exports that made the difference . With companies like BMW and Siemens recently posting impressive numbers thanks to robust demand from abroad . "  Germany 's economy is very competitive , it is now seeing the recovery that is led by demand for products from China , the U.S. and other countries , " Rocholl adds . But Germany would n't be Germany if there was n't at least some pessimism even with the record numbers . Already some experts warn that demand for German products abroad might wane of China suffers and economic downturn . Furthermore , Germany 's unemployment has remained fairly stable throughout the crisis . Thanks in part to a government-induced short labor program , that will soon expire . The question for many Germans is , will the good times last ? Rocholl believes they could : "  The flexibility we 've achieved over the last 10 years will also help us in the long term . " Germany 's minister for economics , Rainer Brüderle , does n't seem to share his fellow Germans ' pessimism . He has called the data an "  upswing in an XL format . " On Berlin 's Kufürstendamm shopping street not many share that view . But then again , Germans have always fared well with their pessimism -- under promising and often overperforming .	Germany recorded second quarter economic growth of 2.2 percent It is the largest growth since German unification Exports made the difference with companies like BMW posting impressive numbers
CNN  -- It was first blood to South Africa in their battle for cricket supremacy with No. 1 ranked England as the tourists wrapped up an innings and 12 runs rout in the first Test at The Oval Monday . South Africa will usurp England as the best Test team in the world with victory in the three-match series and took a giant step towards that goal with their decisive victory . Hashim Amla 's record breaking triple century , with admirable support from captain Graeme Smith and Jacques Kallis , knocked the stuffing out of England as they spent two days in the field while South Africa amassed 637 for two wickets . Top ranked bowler Dale Steyn finished off the job as England battled to salvage pride and a draw on the final day . He took five wickets for 56 runs to leave England all out for 240 in their second innings . Leg spinner Imran Tahir provided fine back up with 3-63 including the final wicket of James Anderson , trapped leg before wicket to leave the South Africans celebrating and with England to reflect on a rare heavy defeat at home . Smith was delighted to take such a decisive lead in an all important showdown . "  It 's certainly an extremely proud moment for all of us to have achieved a Test victory in the first Test of what is a big series and play as well as we have , " Smith told gathered reporters . England had resumed on the fifth day with four wickets down for 102 runs and still facing a 150 run deficit just to make South Africa bat again . Steyn removed Ravi Bopara for 22 , the batsman playing a lazy shot to chop the ball onto his stumps , but this was South Africa 's only success as Ian Bell and Matt Prior battled to the lunch break . But Tahir removed Prior for 40 to an ill-judged sweep shot and England 's chances of survival sank . Steyn with the second new ball had Bell caught in the slips for a fine 55 and the rest was a formality . Stuart Broad and Graeme Swann both fell to the paceman before Tahir finished off the job . England , who have 122 points at the top of the rankings to 113 for currently third placed South Africa , made a fine start to the match making 267 for three wickets on the first day . But a Morne Morkel inspired collapse saw them all out for 385 on a generally placid batting pitch on day two . South Africa took full advantage as Amla , Smith and Kallis all passed three figures , the former setting a new Test record for his country with 311 not out . He shared the headlines in the morning newspapers in South Africa with their golfing hero Ernie Els , who won the British Open at Royal Lytham and St Annes . The second Test starts at Headingley on Thursday week .	South Africa beat England by an innings and 12 runs in first Test at The Oval Dale Steyn takes five wickets for 56 runs to wrap up victory Hashim Amla man of the match for his triple century in South Africa 's innings South Africa will top Test rankings with victory in three-match series
CNN  -- Blasting off from Earth and hurtling through space at thousands of miles an hour , it takes astronauts three days to reach the moon -- a tiny distance in a universe measured in light years , but a fantastic voyage on a human scale . Buzz Aldrin walks on the moon on July 20 , 1969 . NASA is preparing to send astronauts back and build a lunar base . Now plans are under way to go back , even as the future of U.S. human space exploration is under close scrutiny and pressure is growing on NASA to aim for another alien world . It 's a crossroads Neil Armstrong could have hardly imagined on July 20 , 1969 , when he became the first human to set foot on the moon and uttered his now famous phrase : "  That 's one small step for man , one giant leap for mankind . " Today , NASA is working to return astronauts to the moon by 2020 and establish a lunar base that would allow them to stay on the desolate surface for up to six months by 2025 . The goal this time is for the explorers to make themselves at home , study the terrain and learn how to work in a harsh environment to prepare for trips beyond the moon . "  The next giant leap has begun , " NASA promises on the logo of its Constellation Program , the new fleet of space exploration vehicles that the agency 's former administrator , Michael Griffin , once famously called "  Apollo on steroids . " Set to replace the space shuttles , Constellation builds on the legacy of Apollo -- the program that landed humans on the moon six times in the late 1960s and early '70s -- but incorporates modern technologies and influences . Will it fly ? Constellation grew of out the Vision for Space Exploration , outlined by President George Bush in 2004 , but its future now lies in the hands of the U.S. Human Space Flight Plans Committee . The independent panel is reviewing NASA 's plans , including Constellation 's estimated $ 100 billion cost by 2020 , and taking a look at "  potential alternatives " this summer at the request of the Obama administration . It is expected to present its results in August . Watch why there is a new space race " If Constellation goes forward , it would take astronauts beyond low-Earth orbit for the first time in decades . It may also surprise a generation accustomed to watching the shuttles carry both humans and heavy cargo , like the Hubble Space Telescope , into space . The new program splits up those tasks among two new rockets , as recommended by the board that investigated the 2003 space shuttle Columbia disaster . The Ares I would launch the Orion crew capsule carrying up to six astronauts , while the much beefier Ares V would carry cargo , such as the new moon-landing craft . "  It 's like having your sports car that 's super safe and your large SUV , " said John Olson , director of the NASA office that plans and integrates programs including Constellation . Orion 's first manned flight -- scheduled for 2015 -- will take it to the international space station . NASA.gov : Watch how Constellation is designed to work For a future trip to the moon , Orion 's crew would dock with the Altair lunar module already in Earth 's orbit and escape the planet 's gravity by firing the powerful engine of an Earth departure stage . Arriving at their destination , the astronauts could land anywhere on the moon , including the far side and the poles -- a big improvement over Apollo , which limited landing sites mostly to the equator on the near side of the moon . The search for prime real estate has already begun . Last month , NASA launched the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter , an unmanned spacecraft tasked with finding landing sites and resources . At this point , NASA is favoring the heavily cratered south pole because of its scientific interest and the possible presence of water ice , Olson said . NASA.gov : Watch what it might look like to land on the lunar south pole The lunar water could be used for drinking , or as a source of oxygen and hydrogen for air and rocket fuel , NASA says on its Web site . When humans are ready to go , the agency envisions seven-day missions at first , followed by 180-day stays once a lunar outpost is in place . "  We 're not doing flags and footsteps , " Olson said . "  We 're going for a long-term sustained human presence that 's affordable and safe and built so that we can use the moon as a stepping stone to Mars and near-Earth asteroids and other exciting locations in the solar system . " A potential manned mission to the Red Planet would n't take place until at least 2030 , Olson added . The allure of Mars Is it the right way to go ? Critics say NASA should skip the moon and set its sights directly on Mars . They argue such a mission would open new frontiers for humans , answer key questions about life in the universe and reignite excitement about the space program . See the past , present and future of moon and Mars exploration " Buzz Aldrin , the second man on the moon , has been an especially outspoken supporter of following "  Star Trek 's " motto : To boldly go where no man has gone before . "  We won the moon race ; now it 's time for us to live and work on Mars , " Aldrin wrote in a commentary for CNN . Watch Aldrin make his case for Mars " He went even further in an article in Popular Mechanics , warning that NASA 's current plan will waste time and money , and calling the return to the moon a "  glorified rehash of what we did 40 years ago . " Aldrin instead suggests a course of action that would have humans landing on Mars ' moon Phobos around 2025 and ultimately living permanently on the Red Planet as "  Martian homesteaders . " Aldrin plans to present his vision to the U.S. Human Space Flight Plans Committee , Popular Mechanics reported . Blog : Meet the strange moons of Mars Olson counters that NASA is looking to go to Mars , but must first tackle the enormous challenges of safely sending humans to the Red Planet -- a journey that would take 6 months and span more than 30 million miles . Earth 's moon would be a great test bed to try out technologies and infrastructure necessary for more ambitious space travel , Olson said . But Mars exploration advocates say the country is now much closer to being able to send humans to Mars than it was to sending them to the moon in 1961 , when President Kennedy called for a lunar mission by the end of that decade . "  This idea that you have to know how to do it before you can commit yourself to the program is completely false , " said Robert Zubrin , president of the Mars Society . "  We did n't know that we could do Lewis and Clark successfully before we set them out " to explore the American West in the 1800s , he added . Zubrin , who plans to testify before the U.S. Human Space Flight Plans Committee next month , said that if President Obama were to commit the nation to a mission to Mars this year , astronauts could be there by the end of his potential second term in office . "  NASA was not created to do nostalgia acts . It was created to storm heaven , " Zubrin added . "  For NASA to make as its central goal repeating technical accomplishments it did 50 years before is a complete abandonment of its purpose . " A problematic gap NASA 's plans are controversial for another reason . The agency is preparing to retire the space shuttle fleet in 2010 , leaving a five-year gap until Orion is scheduled to be ready to launch . In the meantime , U.S. astronauts will have to hitch rides to the International Space Station aboard Russian Soyuz spacecraft . "  Relying on the Russians between when we 're retiring the shuttle and having the Constellation program flying is something that I 'm not very proud of , " said former Kennedy Space Center Director Bob Crippen , who piloted the first space shuttle mission in 1981 . "  It 's OK to work with them as partners , but to be totally dependent on them is a mistake in my opinion . " The space shuttles could continue to fly safely until NASA has another vehicle ready to go , Crippen argued . NASA 's Olson called the gap a "  significant challenge , " but said there are no plans to keep the space shuttles flying beyond their current manifest . "  We as much as anyone wish we did not have a gap . However , that is the fiscal reality that we 're in and we 're doing our absolute best to mitigate it , " Olson said . That reality , 40 years after America 's first fantastic voyage to the moon , is n't taking away from the allure of exploring the final frontier . "  This is the beginning of the next space age , " Olson said , "  and it 's truly an exciting time . " CNN 's Kim Segal contributed to this report .	NASA plans to return astronauts to the moon by 2020 , build outpost by 2025 Constellation Program 's new fleet of space vehicles will replace the space shuttles Critics say NASA should skip the moon and set its sights directly on Mars Independent panel is reviewing plans and looking at "  potential alternatives "
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Israeli troops have completed their withdrawal from Gaza after a three-week military campaign against Hamas militants , the Israel Defense Forces said Wednesday . Palestinians look at an damaged rocket launcher left behind by Israeli forces . "  The forces are now redeployed outside the Gaza Strip , and are prepared for any development , " a military statement read . During their withdrawal , Israeli troops warned Gaza residents to avoid unexploded bombs or shells left behind and report their location to Israeli authorities . Israel said it had achieved its goal to halt Hamas ' firing of rockets into southern Israel from Gaza . Hamas , the Palestinian militant group that has controlled the territory since 2007 , also declared victory in the conflict during a rally in Gaza City on Tuesday . Israeli troops began to withdraw Sunday following tentative , separate cease-fire declarations by Israel Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Hamas . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , who visited the territory Tuesday , criticized both sides and the international community for what he called their "  collective political failure " in settling the decades-old Israeli-Palestinian conflict . "  I have condemned from the outbreak of this conflict the excessive use of force by Israeli forces in Gaza . I view the rocket attacks into Israel as completely unacceptable . We need to restore basic respect for civilians , " he said . Watch troops prepare to withdraw " The conflict , which began December 27 , has left more than 1,300 Palestinians and 13 Israelis dead . Confirmation of the Israeli withdrawal came within a day of the inauguration of Barack Obama as the new president of the United States , replacing George W. Bush , whose administration was among the most supportive of Israel in decades . Ban said he hoped Obama would consider settling the conflict "  a matter of priority . " Speaking during a visit to Sderot , the southern Israeli city that has endured rocket fire from Hamas for years , Ban said the Bush administration was "  leading and heavily engaged " in the region , but added , "  Unfortunately , we have not achieved the goals . " Obama has vowed to move swiftly and has said he was assembling a strong team to be "  immediately engaged " on "  day one . " In a statement welcoming the new U.S. president , Olmert said Israel and the United States would remain "  full partners in advancing peace and stability in the Middle East . " CNN 's Shira Medding contributed to this report .	Israel says it has removed its troops from Gaza after three-week offensive Both Israel , Hamas have declared victory in conflict U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon criticized both sides for fighting More than 1,300 people have died in Gaza operation
CNN  ISIS operatives have executed two groups of prisoners , believed to be Ethiopian Christians , in Libya , according to a video released Sunday by the terror network 's media arm . The Ethiopian government confirmed Monday that 30 of its citizens were among the two groups , according to the Ethiopian News Agency . The al-Furqan Media video -- which is highly produced and titled "  Until There Came to Them Clear Evidence " -- shows two groups of men , one in orange jumpsuits and the other in black , being killed at different locations in Libya , according to the video 's narrator . One group is beheaded on a beach along the Mediterranean Sea , while the other group is shot in Southern Libya , hundreds of miles away . "  All praise be to Allah , the Lord and cherisher of the world and may peace and blessings be upon the Prophet Mohammed . To the nation of the cross , we are back again on the sands , where the companions of the Prophet , peace be upon him , have stepped on before , telling you : Muslim blood that was shed under the hands of your religion is not cheap , " the narrator says in Arabic on the 39-minute video . The narrator continues , "  In fact , their blood is the purest blood because there is a nation behind them  which  inherits revenge . And we swear to Allah : the one who disgraced you by our hands , you will not have safety , even in your dreams , until you embrace Islam . " Quoting Mohammed , the narrator says that those who "  perform prayer and pay alms " will have "  their blood and property " protected by the Prophet unless Islam dictates otherwise . "  You pay  tax  with willing submission , feeling yourselves subdued . Our battle is a battle between faith and blasphemy , between truth and falsehood , until there is no more polytheism -- and obedience becomes Allah 's on its entirety , " the narrator says . Earlier in the video , a different speaker says Christians in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul were given the choice to embrace Islam or maintain their Christian faith and pay a tax . "  The Islamic state has offered the Christian community this many times and set a deadline for this , but the Christians never cooperated , " the speaker says . At the beginning of the video , a man who appears to be a judge in a court enforcing Islam 's Sharia law holds up documents and says a Syrian Christian had owed a Syrian Muslim 550,000 Syrian pounds  about $ 2,900  since 2004 , but the Muslim was unable to obtain the money under President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . "  After applying to the Islamic court he got his money back within one month , " the man says . The law cited throughout the video comes from the Quran 's Surah 9:29 , whose exact translation is an area of dispute among religious scholars . The gist is that Muslims are commanded to fight those who do n't believe in Allah or the Last Day  Islam 's equivalent of Judgment Day  unless the nonbelievers pay a tax or tribute . In February , ISIS released a video of 21 Coptic Christians from Egypt being executed on a Libyan beach . Those captives , too , wore orange jumpsuits . In that video , released by al-Hayat Media Center , another ISIS media arm , a masked man references the killing of Osama bin Laden and his burial at sea . "  The sea you have hidden Sheikh Osama bin Laden 's body in , we swear to Allah , we will mix it with your blood , " he threatens in English . CNN 's Anas Hamdan , Christine Theodorou and Brian Walker contributed to this report .	Footage shows groups of captives in jumpsuits executed at 2 locations , narrator says Video makes numerous references to Christians failing to pay tax or tribute to Muslims
CNN  -- The murder case will proceed against Pedro Hernandez -- accused of killing 6-year-old Etan Patz , who disappeared on his way to a New York City school bus stop in 1979 -- after a judge on Wednesday denied a motion to dismiss the case , a court official said . Judge Maxwell Wiley determined that there was enough evidence for the case against Hernandez to proceed , according to the judge 's clerk 's office . The defendant 's lawyer , Harvey Fishbein , said that while he believes Hernandez should n't face murder charges , he 's not surprised by the decision . Missing child case ` awakened America ' "  It 's highly unlikely for a judge to dismiss a case like this , " Fishbein said . Patz 's plight catapulted concern for missing children to the national forefront after authorities put his image on thousands of milk cartons , a technique that would become more common in the next few years . Hernandez confessed in May 2012 to killing Patz more than three decades ago , when he was a stock clerk in Lower Manhattan . Police said Hernandez admitted he choked the boy after luring him into the basement of the bodega where he worked , which Etan would pass en route to the bus . The boy 's body was then put in a garbage bag and thrown away , Hernandez allegedly told authorities . The remains were never found . Hernandez 's lawyer has said his client falsely confessed , saying his statements to police "  are not reliable . " Moreover , Fishbein has claimed Hernandez was repeatedly diagnosed with schizophrenia and that he has "  an IQ in the borderline-to-mild mental retardation range . " In November , a grand jury indicted Hernandez on second-degree murder and kidnapping charges . He pleaded not guilty in court the next month . Etan Patz murder suspect pleads not guilty	Etan Patz disappeared in 1979 , and his case turned a spotlight on missing children His remains have never been found , and the case was open for decades A man confessed last May to killing Etan ; his lawyer calls the comments "  not reliable " A judge denies a defense bid to dismiss the case , so a murder trial will proceed
CNN  -- It was two years late and billions of dollars over budget , but this week the Singapore Airline-owned A380 completed its maiden passenger journey between Singapore and Sydney . Making history : the first double bed on a commercial jet On board were nearly 500 passengers who had bid thousands of dollars for the historical experience . This was a turning point in aviation history as Airbus ' superjumbo became the world 's largest aircraft . And the time had finally come for it to receive some admiration . Singapore Airlines ' CEO , Chew Choon Seng named the jetliner the "  queen of the skies " . Tom Enders , CEO of Airbus said he would like to celebrate his 25th wedding anniversary on one of its double beds . And CNN 's Richard Quest , who was on board the maiden flight , said there was "  nothing quite like it " . The luxury on board , he said , sets a new standard for air travel . It 's the quietest large passenger jet ever built  inside and out  , it has a low fuel-burn to reduce fuel use and emissions , it can carry 40 percent more passengers than other large aircraft and in greater comfort . But the feature that has attracted greatest interest on the Singapore Airlines A380 is its " beyond first class " cabins . Behind the sliding doors of the Singapore Airlines Suites , the well-heeled can luxuriate in a private cabin designed by leading French yacht designer , Jean-Jacques Coste . There 's a wide leather seat and alongside that , a standalone bed . This is two meters long with Givenchy duvets and cushions . And for couples traveling , the beds on the middle two suites can be converted into double beds . From bed or chair , travelers can catch a movie on a 23-inch widescreen LCD . Laptops can be plugged into an in-seat power supply and business travelers with just a thumb drive can plug this into a USB ports and access a suite of office tools on Singapore Airlines ' in-flight entertainment system . Celebrity chefs including Britain 's Gordon Ramsay and Georges Blanc were behind the first class menu that can be eaten off Givenchy tableware . Unlike other airlines , that have considered offering casinos , gyms and showers on their future A380s , Singapore Airlines has opted instead for a configuration that , whilst offering luxury , also makes money . As Chew Choon Seng , CEO of Singapore Airlines reminded reporters last week , the first Boeing 747s soon ditched the lounges and bars on the upper decks in favor of seats that could generate cash . Behind the 12 luxury suites there are 399 economy seats , ranked 10-abreast on the upper and lower decks , as well as 60 business class seats that are the biggest yet at 87 centimeters wide . Singapore Airlines has ordered 19 superjumbos for an estimated price tag of $ 5.7 billion . The second is due to arrive next February with further deliveries later in 2008 . Tickets for the A380 's first return commercial flight between Singapore and Sydney were sold at auction on eBay . One passenger paid $ 100,000 for the experience , with the majority paying between $ 1,500 and $ 5,000 . The $ 1.4 million raised has gone to charities in Singapore , Sydney and a global humanitarian organization . From Sunday 28 October , Singapore Airlines will commence its scheduled service between Singapore and Sydney on one of the three daily flights in each direction . The jetliner to be delivered next spring will be used on one of the three daily flights between Singapore and London 's Heathrow Airport . It 's been a long road to this point for Airbus , but the journey is by no means over . The airline has a tough delivery schedule ahead to fulfil its 185 orders to 15 customers  see figures below  . Next year it plans to deliver 13 , a further 25 in 2009 and 45 in 2010 . Tom Enders , Airbus ' CEO does n't underestimate the scale of challenge ahead . "  This is not a piece of cake , " he told CNN , "  but we have learned our lessons and we are very confident today that we can deliver to our customers . " It has n't just been Airbus that has been frantically preparing for the A380 launch . Airports around the world have had to make changes to runways and gates , as well as buy in new vehicles that can tow the giant aircraft and lift high enough to its upper decks . Seventy airports are now ready , Airbus has said . Singapore 's Changi Airport , home to the Singapore Airlines A380 fleet , was the first , and when its new Terminal 3 opens early next year , 19 gates across the three terminals will be A380-ready with aerobridge access to both decks . Heathrow 's new Terminal 5 will be able to handle four A380s at one time . British Airways , the Terminal 's sole occupant , recently confirmed an order for 12 superjumbos and it now wants BAA to upgrade a satellite building to be built next to Terminal 5 to accommodate them . As Willie Walsh , BA 's CEO told CNN , "  we want to make sure that development is built with the A380 in mind . " But whether the arrival of the A380 sets a standard for future air travel is still undecided . As CNN 's Richard Quest points out , while these giant airplanes may be suitable for getting large numbers of people between key destinations quickly , demand could be even higher for the medium-size jets such as Boeing 's up-coming 787 Dreamliner . As Richard Quest says , "  there 's no doubt the A380 will sell , but it is going to take a long time to reach the 420 sales which is the amount Airbus needs to make money . " But those worries , he adds , are for another day . Thursday was a day for celebration . SOME KEY FIGURES Orders Total : 185 orders  165 firm orders  15 customers Emirates : 47 Qantas : 20 Singapore Airlines : 19 Lufthansa : 15 Air France : 12 British Airways : 12 ILFC : 10 Emirates : 8 Virgin Atlantic : 6 Thai Airways : 6 Malaysia Airlines : 6 Qatar : 5 Kingfisher : 5 Korean Air : 5 China Southern : 5 Etihad : 4 Delivery schedule 1 in 2007 13 in 2008 25 in 2009 45 in 2010 The Aircraft Wingspan : 79.8 meters  747 - 64.4 meters  Length : 73 meters or seven London buses in a row  747 - 70.7 meters  Height : 24.1 meters  747 - 19.4 meters  Internal cabin width : 6.58 meters  747 - 6.1 meters  Seats : 555  747 - 416  Flight range : 15,000 kilometers  747 - 13,450 kilometers  Wiring : 500 kilometers Ideal routes SIN-LHR DXB-LHR SYD-LAX CDG-NRT JFK-NRT Ticket sales for maiden passenger trip between Singapore and Sydney Top ticket price : US$ 100,380 The bargain : US$ 560 for a single economy seat E-mail to a friend	Singapore Airlines A380 superjumbo completes historic maiden flight Luxury first class cabins have separate leather seats and double beds One passenger paid $ 100,000 for the first Singapore to Sydney trip
CNN  -- Nigeria joined Group C rivals Egypt in the quarterfinals of the Africa Cup of Nations after they completed a 3-0 victory over Mozambique on Wednesday . Osaze Odemwingie struck either side of halftime break for Nigeria at the Tundavala Stadium in Lubango before substitute Obafemi Martins sealed victory for the the ` Super Eagles ' . Nigeria had enjoyed the majority of possession and took the lead moments before the interval when Odemwingie found space inside the penalty area . The Lokomotiv Moscow midfielder was able to take full advantage and rifled a low near-post shot past Mozambique goalkeeper Joao Rafael and into the net . Shuaibu Amodu 's side doubled their lead two minutes after the break when the unmarked Odemwingie was able to control a cross from Yakubu Aiyegbeni and tap the ball home from close range . Everton striker Yakubu was substituted and replaced by Martins who got his name on the scoresheet five minutes from time . John Obi Mikel punished some sloppy Mozambique defending but lashed a shot straight at Rafael who parried the ball into Martins and he confidently stroked the ball home . Defending champions Egypt cruised into the knockout stages with a 100 percent record after a routine 2-0 victory over Benin which extended their unbeaten run in the Africa Cup of Nations to 16 games . Egypt coach Hassan Shehata rested key players Ahmed Fathi and Wael Gomaa but they still had too much quality for Benin and took the lead in the seventh minute with an audacious effort by Ahmed Al-Mohammadi . The defender lashed an ambitious shot from long range which caught Benin goalkeeper Yoann Djidonou off his line and dropped into the top-right corner of the net . Egypt doubled their lead in the 23rd minute when Emad Motaeb was able to bundle the ball home from close range after Ahmed Raouf 's header had been parried by Djidonou . The win ensured the ` Pharaohs ' qualified with nine points at the top of Group C and Nigeria went through with six while Benin and Mozambique end their campaigns with just a point apiece .	Nigeria joined Group C rivals Egypt in the quarterfinals of the Africa Cup of Nations after they completed a 3-0 victory over Mozambique . Osaze Odemwingie struck either side of halftime break for Nigeria before Obafemi Martins scored five minute from time . Defending champions Egypt cruised into the knockout stages with a 100 percent record after a routine 2-0 victory over Benin . Egypt qualified with nine points and Nigeria went through with six while Benin and Mozambique ended with just a point apiece .
CNN  Before Ellen DeGeneres was out and proud and dancing every day on her talk show , when heterosexual male actors would n't dare to play gay , and violence against gay people was the talking point of the day for LGBT activists , there was transgender activist Leslie Feinberg . It 's hard to find Feinberg 's 1993 classic novel , "  Stone Butch Blues , " today . The novel 's protagonist starts out as a girl and moves through the identities of being lesbian , butch and a man in the 1960s and 1970s . "  You 're more than just neither , honey , " Feinberg wrote in "  Stone Butch Blues . " "  There 's other ways to be than either-or . It 's not so simple . Otherwise there would n't be so many people who do n't fit . " Like the customers who had enough of police brutality and rioted at New York 's Stonewall Inn in 1969 and energized a movement , there was no closet big enough to hold Feinberg , who passed away November 15 at age 65 . Feinberg died at home in Syracuse , New York , from complications from several infections , her spouse of 22 years , Minnie Bruce Pratt , told The Advocate . She was working on the 20th anniversary edition of "  Stone Butch Blues " when she died . When I first read her book , the landscape for LGBT rights was very different . For a 20-something like me coming out in the early 1990s , there was nothing trendy or cool about being out . It was dangerous territory . Forget ever getting married : There was no law that protected me from being fired or attacked because of my identity . I did n't "  look " gay so I could hide , as I had through my teen years and most of my undergraduate education . I could quietly enjoy the benefits of the work done by Feinberg and other transgender activists , butch women , gay men and drag queens who could not or would not fade into the shadows . Feinberg and the other people who would not be silent taught me that was not a way to live , to truly live , standing on the backs of others without lifting any of the load myself . Always a writer and journalist , I came out during my last year in college , stayed out in graduate school , and have been out at every job I 've ever held ; I did service work in my profession to bridge the gaps between journalists of different racial , ethnic , LGBT and other identities . I know other members of the LGBT community feel the same way about Feinberg . "  Reading ` Stone Butch Blues ' in '93 and later ` Transgender Warriors , ' I was able to recognize and name my own gender queerness , " activist Candace Gingrich wrote me . "  Feinberg 's quote ` Gender is the poetry each of us makes out of the language we are taught ' is a truth that trans and genderqueer people live every day , and I 'm grateful for the wordsmith  Feinberg  helped me become . " We never met , but I suspect Feinberg and I would have disagreed on Cuba and other parts of her political life . But that she had a larger and diverse political agenda was one of her many strengths . She fought for workers ' rights , marched against racism , protested against the Klan and fought for abortion rights in upstate New York . Gay rights , transgender rights , workers ' rights , any rights : They did not exist in a vacuum to Feinberg . There was no parachuting into a town to get everyone rising up for gay rights but forgetting when those allies needed help on race or gender or other issues . Feinberg linked them all together , organized and protested in the streets and fought for all of us . That 's what stands out to my friend Ina Fried , an openly transgendered journalist and senior editor at Re/code . "  It was the real-life struggle for justice , particularly economic justice that was Feinberg 's life work and passion , " Fried wrote to me . "  With Feinberg 's death we each have more work to do to make this a fairer and more just world . " For all the progress that 's been made , I can still get fired for my identity in the state in which I live , and I still ca n't get married  or divorced  here . But I have n't been afraid for a very long time . That was Feinberg 's gift to me , and to you .	Leslie Feinberg fought for justice across all lines Her novel , "  Stone Butch Blues , " inspired a generation She created space for many people to come out
CNN  -- The co-founder of the popular social news site Reddit has called on the leaders of Google , Facebook and Twitter to help defeat a controversial cybersecurity bill that would compromise the privacy of their users if passed by lawmakers . "  I 'm hoping that all of these tech companies take the stand that their privacy policies matter , their users ' privacy matters , and no legislation like CISPA should take that away , " Alexis Ohanian , former owner of Reddit  Wired 's parent company Conde Nast currently owns Reddit  , said in a video posted last week . "  If someone wants access to our private home or to our mail we would say , Well go get a warrant . Right ? CISPA basically says , uh , not necessary . Your digital privacy is irrelevant . " The video shows Ohanian trying to call Google CEO Larry Page to urge him to oppose the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act  CISPA  . But when he reaches the company -- through the switchboard -- the operator tells him that no one by that name works at Google . "  I am pretty sure there 's a Larry Page at Google , " he replies . Ohanian , who is on the steering committee for the Internet Defense League and is very active in the fight to preserve internet freedom , also called on the public to sign a petition to defeat CISPA in the way users helped defeat the Stop Online Piracy Act and Protect Intellectual Propert Act in 2011 . "  Since we could n't get in touch with the deciders , maybe you can , " he says . "  Sign the petition , get on social media , because this is what defeated SOPA and PIPA and this is what will defeat CISPA and this is what will defeat whatever they throw at us . Internet freedom , Internet privacy matters . " The bill opens the way for government agencies and the private sector to share information about cyberattack threats , but critics say it lacks protections to preserve the privacy of users and gives companies immunity for repercussions that might come as a result of sharing information . The White House announced this week that President Obama planned to veto the bill if passed without protections that would force companies to anonymize and minimize data they provide the government and other companies . In a statement the White House said it remained "  concerned that the bill does not require private entities to take reasonable steps to remove irrelevant personal information when sending cybersecurity data to the government or other private sector entities . Citizens have a right to know that corporations will be held accountable -- and not granted immunity -- for failing to safeguard personal information adequately . " Despite Ohanian 's plea and the White House veto threat , the House passed the CISPA bill on Thursday by a vote of 288 to 127 . A companion bill is planned for the Senate . The American Civil Liberties Union said today , following the passage of CISPA in the House , that it will continue working to correct the problems with CISPA . "  CISPA is an extreme proposal that allows companies that hold our very sensitive information to share it with any company or government entity they choose , even directly with military agencies like the NSA , without first stripping out personally identifiable information , " Michelle Richardson , legislative counsel at the ACLU 's Washington Legislative Office , said in a statement . "  We will work with Congress to make sure that the next version of information sharing legislation unequivocally resolves this issue , as well as tightens immunity provisions and protects personal information . Cybersecurity can be done without sacrificing Americans ' privacy online . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian is calling on tech leaders to help defeat CISPA CISPA bill would allow government and private sector to share info about cyberattack threats House passed the CISPA bill last week by a vote of 288 to 127 ; Senate is up next New video shows Ohanian trying to call Google CEO Larry Page to ask his help
LifeWire  -- Rachel Hunt has encountered it all : automated operators , interminable phone trees , customer service representatives who 've "  never heard of " widely advertised promotions . Bad or no customer service can drive consumers crazy . But the public relations account director from Chevy Chase , Maryland , says her most memorable moment was when a customer service rep informed her that her house was n't there . "  My husband and I were trying to get service from a cable TV provider and were told by a representative that our address did n't exist , " she says . "  They said they could n't help us or sign us up for service , even though our neighbors across the street had cable . It probably took eight hours to get it all straightened out . " The downfall of service Thanks to outsourcing , labyrinthine answering systems and unresponsive corporations , many have come to dread what 's paradoxically known as "  customer care . " "  People get lost in that maze of ` press 1 for this and press 2 for that , ' " says Randi Busse , president of Workforce Development Group Inc. , a customer service training center in Long Island , New York . "  Years ago , the customer was the most important thing , but today , businesses large and small are indifferent . " Real service is such a rarity that some frustrated folks are turning into what BusinessWeek calls "  consumer vigilantes . " The vigilantes blog about battles with customer service departments ; they use the Web to track down high-ranking employees ' e-mails and direct lines . Surfing for satisfaction After weeks of bad TV reception  and repeated requests for help  following Hurricane Ike , Sarah Shah , an image coach from Houston , found a Comcast executive on Twitter , a social networking site . "  I tweeted him and asked if he could help and he tweeted right back and said , ` Here 's my e-mail , shoot me your account number , ' " says Shah . "  By the end of the day , five trucks , three supervisors and two technicians were at my house and we had the best cable reception we 've ever had . All it took was finding a person high enough on the food chain to fix the problem . " Michelle Gotay , a motivational speaker from Watertown , Connecticut , went up the corporate ladder in a creative way after unsuccessful calls to an automaker about her problematic car . Gotay dressed up as a "  nutty character " and vented her frustrations in a YouTube video she forwarded to the executive offices of Nissan North America . "  My friends thought I was nuts and that no one would ever see it or respond . But 16 hours after I e-mailed them the link , I heard back from the company . They loved the video and helped me resolve my car issues . " The new word of mouth Web-based customer empowerment is rapidly changing customer service , says Amy Muller , co-founder and chief community officer for GetSatisfaction.com , an online clearinghouse for complaints and responses . "  With blogs and social networks and the way information can be posted so freely , word of mouth is incredibly powerful , " says Muller . "  It 's more and more difficult for companies to survive without learning to embrace this new era . They do n't have a choice but to start to provide better customer service , especially in hard economic times . " Muller says nearly 300,000 registered users interact on GetSatisfaction.com with nearly 18,500 companies -- from big guns like AT&T , Ford and Verizon to startups like Foxmarks and Widgetbox . Customers post questions or complaints which company reps  or other customers  try to resolve . "  We 've had situations where a customer will come in furious and the company will step in and do a stellar response and then the customer will go away happy , " says Muller . "  And it all happens in a public way . We believe in the good , the bad and the ugly all being out there . " The dark side The ugly stuff is not always on the company 's part , says Vernon Effenberger , 31 , a PR account executive from Austin , Texas . "  I worked for an energy company for 2 1/2 years and I once got a call from a woman who did n't have power at her restaurant , " he says . "  The problem was on her end -- she had n't had all the inspections she needed -- but she was livid . She said , ` If I ever see you , I will kill you . ' I 'd had people yell at me before , but I 'd never had a death threat . " Robin Taylor , 42 , a Nashville , Tennessee , customer care rep , says customers scream , cuss and even cry . But the calls that really get on her nerves are the ones from "  the freaks . " "  There 's one guy who calls and just says ` You f -- ing b -- ch ' in this weird low tone and then hangs up . He 's called a couple of times , " she says . "  And then there 's another guy who calls in regularly and says he wants to discuss his bill , but then says ' I want you to tell me to write with a pink pen . And I want you to say , ` Do it now ! ' " The golden touch Most people who contact customer service sincerely need help , and companies would do well to listen to them , says Busse , who 's worked in the industry for 15 years . "  Customer service is going to be the new differentiator , " she says . "  Price is n't the deciding factor anymore -- it 's service . " That 's certainly what worked for Rachel Hunt , who says her most recent customer service experience , in which an L.L. Bean rep took 10 minutes to help her track a pair of hard-to-find clogs for her husband , was "  positively amazing . " "  I 'd normally think someone would just want to take the order and get off the phone , but he was really cooperative and patient and very friendly , " she says . "  I felt like I should send the company a thank-you note . It definitely left me with a positive feeling . " LifeWire provides original and syndicated content to Web publishers . Diane Mapes is the author of "  How to Date in a Post-Dating World " and writes the column , Single Shot , for the Seattle Post-Intelligencer .	When there 's a problem , finding good customer service can be a problem Expert : "  Consumer vigilantes " blog about bad or no customer service Some customers use Web to track down company officials But sometimes it 's the customer who is rude or unreasonable
The SAT college exam will undergo sweeping changes on what 's tested , how it 's scored and how students can prepare , College Board President and CEO David Coleman said Wednesday . Standardized tests have become "  far too disconnected from the work of our high schools , " Coleman said at an event in Austin , Texas . They 're too stressful for students , too filled with mystery and "  tricks " to raise scores and are n't necessarily creating more college-ready students , he said . The SAT to be released in spring 2016 is designed to change that , he said . The test will include three sections -- evidence-based reading and writing , math and an optional essay -- each retooled to stop students from simply filling a bubble on the test sheet . "  No longer will it be good enough to focus on tricks and trying to eliminate answer choices , " Coleman said . "  We are not interested in students just picking an answer , but justifying their answers . " The test will shift from its current score scale of 2400 back to 1600 , with a separate score for the essay . No longer will test takers be penalized for choosing incorrect answers . To prepare students for the test , the College Board will partner for the first time with Khan Academy to provide free test preparation materials , starting in spring 2015 . Afterward , income-eligible students will receive fee waivers to apply to four colleges for free . Why the test is changing The last major changes to the SAT came in 2005 , when it altered some question formats , added a written essay and changed its score scale from 1600 to 2400 . For this change , Coleman cited the need to create more opportunities for students , rather than obstructing them with test questions that felt detached from their educations and the preparation colleges needed . Coleman , who joined the College Board in 2012 , has spoken critically of his organization 's test and discussed how it could be improved . "  Admissions officers and counselors have said they find the data from admissions exams useful , but are concerned that these exams have become disconnected from the work of high school classrooms and surrounded by costly test preparation , " Coleman said . In recent years , another exam , the ACT , has gained popularity as several states adopted it as part of their standardized testing programs . And while the majority of four-year colleges require an exam score for admission , hundreds of schools have shifted to test-optional policies that allow students to decide what to submit -- or whether to share a test score at all . Indeed , students ' grades and the academic rigor of their courses weighs more heavily in college admissions decision than standardized test scores , class rank or professed interest in a particular school , according to the National Association for College Admission Counseling 's 2013 "  State of College Admission " report released in January . The report was based on surveys sent to public and private high schools , postsecondary institutions and data from the College Board , the U.S. Department of Education and the U.S. Census Bureau . "  I 'd like to be optimistic and believe some of this is going to be good , " said Steve Syverson , a member of the NACAC board and dean of admissions emeritus for Lawrence University in Appleton , Wisconsin -- a test-optional school . "  I just do n't know how it will work out . " Syverson was part of NACAC 's Commission on Standardized Testing that in 2008 urged standardized test makers to adhere more closely to school curricula , colleges to consider more about applicants than seductively simple test scores and society to stop rating schools based on standardized test scores . Syverson was intrigued by the Khan Academy partnership , he said , and pleased with the direction Coleman seemed to be taking the test . He wonders whether fee waivers and others changes are meant to draw back students and schools that have turned away from the SAT or testing in general . Until he sees the passages students will be reading , the questions they 're answering and the way colleges react , he has to remain skeptical . "  Some of this is just words . They had a lot of great language around the last change , " in 2005 , Syverson said . "  The angst about the exams has just continued to grow . " How the test will change Sections of the redesigned SAT might sound similar to the current test , but the changes are significant , Coleman said . The reading and writing sections will include questions that require students to cite evidence for their answer choices , and will include reading passages from a broader range of disciplines , including science , history , social studies and literature . Test takers will no longer be asked to complete sentences with obscure words they might have memorized from flash cards . Instead , students will have to consider the context of how words like "  synthesis " and "  empirical " are used . They 're not "  SAT words " as they 've come to be known , Coleman said , but words students are likely to encounter again . "  We must do all we can to foster this daily work that prepares students , " Coleman said . The math section will no longer allow calculators to be used on every portion . It will focus on data analysis and real world problem-solving , algebra and some more advanced math concepts -- areas that most prepare students for college and career , Coleman said . "  It is not that helpful to tell students , ` To get ready , they should study all of math , ' " Coleman said . The essay , which the SAT added in 2005 , will now be optional . SAT essays have faced criticism over the years from educators who said they focused too much on what test takers wrote , not whether their statements were true , or their arguments reasonable . Coleman said the College Board would now take responsibility for "  unintended consequences " of how the essay test was designed . Essays will be scored separately from the rest of the test , and the prompt will remain basically the same in every test : It will ask students to consider a passage and write an essay that analyzes how the author made an argument , used evidence and styled ideas . The redesigned test will take about three hours , with an additional 50 minutes for the essay , and will be administered by print and computer ; the current test is available on paper only . How students can prepare Last year , when Coleman announced plans to redesign the SAT , he said it would launch in 2015 . Toward the end of 2013 , he delayed the launch to 2016 in order to allow partners more time to prepare . That means more time for students , educators and guidance and admissions counselors to understand the changes -- and more time for the College Board 's Khan Academy test prep program to gear up . Partnering with the free , online resource is intended to make the SAT more transparent , and cut back on perceptions of inequality around expensive test preparation services , Coleman explained Wednesday . "  If there are no more secrets , " Coleman said , "  it 's very hard to pay for them . " Students ' classrooms are meant to be the best preparation for the redesigned SAT . The College Board 's Khan Academy tools will supplement that learning . "  It 's going to meet students where they are , " said Salman Khan , the Khan Academy creator . "  We 'll take you as far back as you need to go or as far forward as you need to go . " Khan emphasized that he is planning to challenge the existing test prep industry by offering high quality , easily accessible tools . "  This is n't just a ` Hey , since it 's free , it 's better than nothing , " he said . "  Our intention in this partnership is this will be the best thing out there , and it happens to be free . " On April 16 , the College Board will release more detailed specifications about the test and sample test questions . Some Khan Academy tools will be available to help students taking the SAT before the redesigned exam launches , Coleman said . For students , Coleman said , "  we hope you breathe a sigh of relief that this exam will be focused , useful , open , clear , and aligned with the work you will do throughout high school . " What do you think of changes to the SAT ? Share in the comments , on Twitter @CNNschools or on CNN Living 's Facebook page .	College Board 's SAT test will undergo its first major changes since 2005 Test will align with high school curricula and return to a 1600 scoring scale Free test preparation will be offered through the College Board and Khan Academy The new test will be available to students in spring 2016
CNN  -- Fans of English football club Tottenham Hotspur found themselves on the receiving end of vicious attacks for the second time in six months on Wednesday after three people were injured during an incident in the French city of Lyon . Tottenham supporters have traveled to France for the second leg of the club 's Europa League tie with Olympique Lyonnais and were confronted by a group of roughly 50 people while gathered at a pub . "  Club officials attended an incident last night in Lyon , " read a statement from Tottenham , who are based in North London . "  A group of around 50 people confronted fans . "  The situation was dealt with and arrests were made within the hour . Three fans sustained minor injuries and received prompt medical assistance . "  Spurs officials and stewards will be in the city throughout the day , along with matchday French police ahead of kick-off . " The Press Association reported masked attackers made Nazi salutes as they descended on approximately 150 Spurs fans outside the Smoking Dog pub . Lyon issued a statement expressing sympathy for Tottenham 's supporters while also distancing the club from the perpetrators of the attack . "  Olympique Lyonnais deeply regrets the incidents that took place last night in the neighborhood of Saint-Jean between supporters of Tottenham and so-called supporters of Lyons who absolutely do not represent the club , " read the statement . "  Olympique Lyonnais apologizes to Tottenham and its fans , for these unacceptable acts that degrade the image of the city of Lyon . "  Olympique Lyonnais calls on the French justice to severely punish these reprehensible acts . "  Olympique Lyonnais wishes a warm welcome to Tottenham 's fans tonight at Gerland and calls on all the fans , French and English , to support their team with respect and fairplay . " Local police in France were unavailable for comment when contacted by CNN . The incident comes after a Spurs fan was stabbed in Rome in November ahead of the club 's match with Italian team Lazio , a tie which was marred by anti-semitic chanting . Tottenham have a strong following from the Jewish community in North London where their White Hart Lane Stadium is situated . "  We can confirm the hospitalisation of a number of British nationals following an incident in Lyon , " confirmed a statement from the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office . "  We are providing consular assistance . " The match will see Tottenham attempt to reach the last 16 of Europe 's second-tier club competition after winning last week 's first leg 2-1 .	Tottenham Hotspur fans attacked outside a pub in the French city of Lyon Three people sustained minor injuries Tottenham fans in the French city for a Europa League tie with Olympique Lyonnais Local police in France were unavailable for comment when contacted by CNN
CNN  -- Quick quiz : Name every big-league baseball team . No fair looking it up online , or checking a newspaper sports page . Just name them all . Take your time . We 'll wait . Pause Are you back ? If you could do it , congratulations -- you may belong in the Hall of Fame . I 've followed baseball since I was a kid , and I could n't come up with all the teams when I tried just now . I do n't feel so bad about it , because I asked two baseball fanatics -- guys who really know the game -- if they could rattle off all the teams , and they had their doubts . "  I probably could n't do it , " said Rob Fleder , formerly executive editor of both Sports Illustrated and The National Sports Daily , and editor of "  Damn Yankees , " an anthology of original essays about the New York Yankees by celebrated writers , to be published next month . "  I 'm supposed to know this , but I 'd probably miss one or two . " Fleder said that if you were to go up to people on the street and ask them to name all the Major League teams , "  I 'd guess that only 5 % or 10 % could do it -- most likely closer to 5 % . " Author David Krell , who is at work on "  Blue Magic : The Brooklyn Dodgers , Ebbets Field , and the Battle for Baseball 's Soul , " agreed with Fleder : "  Less than 10 % of people would be able to do it . Maybe a lot less . I know that I 'd end up leaving some teams out . " The reason for this little exercise is that Major League Baseball has just announced that its playoffs will be expanded by two teams , so that 10 teams will now go into post-season play . There are currently 30 big-league teams : 16 in the National League and 14 in the American League . It 's that 30-team number that makes verbally zipping through a list of them so daunting . You just blank out .  When , after Krell and Fleder had predicted that they 'd be unable to name all the teams I asked them to attempt it , Krell maxed out at 29 teams and Fleder hit 26 before , 18 minutes into trying , he said he 'd toss in the towel . I made it to 29 , but I allowed myself longer than 18 minutes . Maybe you did better . If so , Krell , Fleder and I salute you . From the first years of the 20th century straight through to the early 1960s , baseball had perfect symmetry : eight teams in the National League , eight teams in the American . Any kid and most adults could quickly list them . It was easy to determine if the town where you lived was big-league : If there was one of those 16 teams in town , then it was . If not , then it was n't . There was only one playoff series : the World Series . Under baseball 's new system , the equivalent of the entire old National League and 25 % of the old American League would make it to the playoffs . All of this is very good for the baseball business and the television sports business . But just as when any professional sports league expands there are worries about a dilution of the talent pool , so , too , when the playoffs keep expanding , there is a danger of the dilution of memories . When you try to spread big moments out too thin , they do n't seem quite as big anymore . And , as Krell pointed out , for all the benefits and basic fairness that came with free agency , "  when players switch teams so much , it 's tough for the fans to get a chance to root for a solid group of players for six or eight straight years . " The memories keep heading out of town . How visceral and enduring is the meaning of all this ? I still treasure as one of the most dizzyingly wondrous days of my life a single summer afternoon in 1983 when I got to spend time talking with Joe DiMaggio , Duke Snider , Pee Wee Reese , Willie Mays , Roger Maris , Ernie Banks , Bobby Thomson and Stan Musial . The occasion was the 50th anniversary of the All-Star Game ; a special old-timers ' game had been arranged . I was working for ABC 's "  Nightline " in those Ted Koppel years , and I was assigned to do the story . It was like a parade of Topps baseball cards come to life -- the good cards , the prized ones , the cards you hoped against hope would be included in the wax-paper pack you bought at the drugstore , along with that brittle , pink , always slightly stale slab of gum . My favorite moment of the afternoon ? Easy -- Snider telling me he had gone to a car wash , and , surprised at how inexpensive it was , asking the attendant if the price was n't usually higher : "  And the fellow said , ` Yes , sir , but we give a discount to senior citizens . ' " Second favorite moment ? The organist at Chicago 's old Comiskey Park playing "  When I 'm 64 " as I was talking on the field with Reese , and Reese saying : "  Do they have one called ` When I 'm 65 ' ? " He was about to have a birthday . Baseball clearly did the right thing fiscally by growing past the original eight-team leagues and establishing outposts in far-flung parts of the country . Per-team home attendance is much higher now than it was in , say , the early 1950s . And adding two more teams to the playoffs will make the cash registers ring . Yet there was something kind of swell about the years when , of course , you could rapidly name every team -- when you knew them as well as you knew the names of the streets in your own neighborhood . But , as Fleder told me , the act of remembering has itself become largely unnecessary : "  We do n't have to remember things , so we do n't . The answer to any question is : ` Give me five seconds on the Internet . ' " So if you could n't name those 30 teams , it may not matter . Sincere good luck to baseball with its expanded playoffs . And Reggie Jackson probably does n't have to worry that some post-season hero will someday supplant him as Mr. October . At this rate , the new guy will be Mr. November . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Major League Baseball is expanding the number of playoff teams to 10 Bob Greene recalls when baseball had just 16 teams , and fans could easily name them In an era of 30 teams , even baseball experts stumble at the challenge , he says Greene : Expanding playoffs may be good for revenue but risks diluting memories
Sheriff 's deputies delivered the fatal wound that killed a man who , along with his wife , gunned down two police officers and a civilian in Las Vegas on Sunday , a sheriff 's department official said Wednesday . Authorities had earlier said the woman shot and killed her husband before taking her own life . But Assistant Sheriff Kevin McMahill told reporters Wednesday that a review of forensic evidence at the scene and autopsy results showed that police fatally wounded the gunman . "  We made a determination that she did not shoot him . He did suffer a gunshot wound , and we believe the entrance wound was here , " McMahill said , pointing to his own collarbone . In fact , he said , the fatal wound was delivered from a rifle fired by police . McMahill said three officers fired on the suspect . "  We do not believe any of her shots hit him , " he said . McMahill said investigators were reviewing a "  tremendous " amount of graphic video of the suspects during the rampage . "  The video shows you exactly how vicious and coldblooded these murderers were , " he said . In the Walmart security video , released by police , the Millers are seen in their final moments . They are lying wounded in an aisle with various store items surrounding them -- items , police say , they used for cover . They hold firearms , which they at times point at each other . At the end of the video , Amanda Miller turns the gun on herself . The latest developments came as still-shaken colleagues of the fallen officers wore black bands to pay tribute to Igor Soldo , 31 , shot in the back of the head , and his partner , Alyn Beck , 41 , struck by a bullet in the neck . The killers apparently considered law enforcement as oppressors , authorities said . They placed a "  Do n't Tread on Me " flag and a Nazi swastika on one officer and left a note saying , "  This is the beginning of the revolution , " on the other officer 's body , authorities said . After gunning down the officers , Jerad and Amanda Miller ran to a nearby Walmart , police said , where they killed a bystander before barricading themselves inside the store during a firefight with responding officers . On Wednesday , authorities revealed that police had previous contact with the couple on three occasions this year -- in February , April and on May 31 -- without incident . "  There was no indication provided by the suspects of their anti-police feelings , " McMahill said . In February , detectives from the Southern Nevada Counter-Terrorism Center investigated threats made by Jerad Miller against the Indiana Bureau of Motor Vehicles , McMahill said . Miller threatened to shoot staff at the agency after his suspended driver 's license was taken from him during a traffic stop , according to Danielle Dean , a spokeswoman for the Indiana Bureau of Motor Vehicles . Detectives who interviewed Miller did not perceive the "  potential for an ongoing threat , " McMahill said . A second contact came on April 10 when officers interviewed the Millers as witnesses in a domestic violence case , McMahill said . The couple provided voluntary statements about the alleged assault and did not display any "  anti-police " sentiments , he said . On May 31 , the Millers again provided statements to police officers about an alleged sexual assault of a neighbor without incident . "  Because an individual may online espouse ideology that is anti-government or anti-police does not make them translate into a murderer , " McMahill said "  What happened to change these two people into murderers , we do n't know . " Authorities said three weapons were recovered from the suspects : a Smith & Wesson M&P 9 mm handgun , a Ruger .38 - caliber revolver and a Winchester 1300 12 gauge shotgun with a pistol grip . The weapons were not registered , as required by law . Police officers have been kneeling in front of a makeshift memorial overflowing with flowers and miniature flags , and vowed to honor the slain officers and the uniform they deeply cherished . "  It 's one thing to die in the line of duty when you 're actually in the act of doing something , " said Sgt. Trey Gethoefer of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department . "  It 's a complete different feeling when your two officers are basically assassinated because of the uniform they 're wearing . " The officers said they will wear their badges with pride . Las Vegas police will double up in patrol cars for the next few days as they mourn their two colleagues . "  We are the only thing that stands on that line every day between good and evil , " Gethoefer said . "  And we have to draw that line in the sand so the good people can enjoy the freedoms on a daily basis . " Who were the victims ? Husbands , fathers Beck and Soldo were both married with children : Beck left behind a wife and three children ; Soldo , a wife and a baby . "  He had three children and a wife , he had everything to concentrate on , " Gethoefer said of Beck . "  When you 're a beacon in your community , out of uniform and in , that speaks volumes about a person 's character . " Beck walked the walk , he said . He believed in policing by foot and handshakes . His partner , Soldo , shared the same commitment . His parents fled Bosnia-Herzegovina with their two sons in 1995 to escape a bloody war . They settled in Nebraska . The two teenage brothers grew up to be police officers , a job they loved and cherished after the ethnic intolerance in their homeland . Their relatives are devastated to lose their son in a country they fled to for refuge . Las Vegas residents also mourned the officers . "  When I first found out , I was so upset , " said a tearful Angela Austin . The officers were a constant in her neighborhood , she said . Opinion : Honor my brave friend , a good cop ' I got five deaths on my shoulders ' As more details emerge , so do the signs . Kellie Fielder said one of the suspects , Amanda Miller , was her best friend . The Millers were staying with her for about two weeks before the shooting . She saw them leave on that fateful day , armed to the teeth . "  There were two duffel bags in a cart . They had two duffel bags on their back , " Fielder said . "  She just hugged me and said , ' I love you , thank you for everything . ' " She said she never thought they were planning the carnage . "  I was stupid , I guess , " Fielder said . "  I got five deaths on my shoulders . I should have called the cops , " she said , crying . "  I 'm so so so sorry -- to everybody . I 'm sorry . " Victim 's friend : ` You never expect it ' Targeting officers at random Police believe the couple acted alone and targeted officers at random . The bystander who was shot was identified as shopper Joseph Wilcox , 31 . He was going to confront the suspects . "  He was carrying a concealed weapon , and he immediately and heroically moved toward the position of Jerad Miller . Upon completing that action , he did not realize that Amanda Miller was with Jerad Miller , " McMahill said . Amanda Miller shot him . Wilcox died trying to protect others . Who were the Millers ? Opinion : Right-wing extremists strike again	Police take back earlier statement that woman shot and killed her husband Fatal wound to Jerad Miller was delivered from police rifle , authorities say Officers kneel in front of a makeshift memorial overflowing with flowers Couple gunned down the two officers at a pizza restaurant Sunday
Washington  CNN  -- Claims that workers associated with Animal Planet 's "  Call of the Wildman " show mistreated animals have prompted federal officials to review whether an investigation is warranted . The accusations were made by the magazine Mother Jones , which alleged that "  Call of the Wildman " staged animal rescues and said it found "  evidence of a culture that tolerated legally and ethically dubious activities . " Those activities include sedating a zebra in violation of federal rules , directing trappers to procure animals so they could be "  caught " again as part of a script and wrongly completing legal documents . Animal Planet and Sharp Entertainment , the show 's production company , have disputed the accusations . The U.S. Department of Agriculture , which enforces the Animal Welfare Act , told CNN Thursday it is "  fact-finding " but has not launched an investigation . The agency said it does not know yet whether Animal Planet or the production company conducted any activities that are regulated under the act . USDA spokeswoman Tanya Espinosa said the Mother Jones article prompted the review . "  Once we have an opportunity to look into the situation , we will work to determine our next steps . If we determine an investigation is warranted , we will open one , " Espinosa said . On Wednesday , People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals , an animal rights group , filed a request with the USDA asking it to investigate the allegations . "  Call of the Wildman " centers on Ernie Brown Jr. , also known as "  Turtleman , " a Kentucky wildlife rescuer who catches "  nuisance " animals and releases them back into the wild . Animal Planet released a statement to CNN 's New Day , saying in part : "  The life and welfare of all animals is of paramount importance to Animal Planet . It is core to our ethos that every animal 's life has value ... The notion that there is a culture of ` neglect ' at the only network that is devoted to celebrating and protecting animals is absurd . "  Claims in the ` Mother Jones ' article were brought to the production company 's attention nearly nine months ago . Where appropriate , Sharp Entertainment promptly instituted changes to further ensure the welfare of animals while filming the series . " it read . Dan Adler , senior vice president of Sharp Entertainment , said on New Day Thursday , "  The idea that there is a culture of neglect or abuse on the show is completely false ... Everyone on the show from staff to talent love animals . " "  The idea that animals are killed or drugged on ` Call of the Wildman ' is false , " he said . Adler said nuisance animals in Kentucky are customarily euthanized , but the show has given hundreds of animals "  a second lease on life . "	Magazine Mother Jones accused "  Call of the Wildman " of mistreating animals The USDA is looking into the claims of drugging , trapping by Animal Planet show Animal Planet and show 's production company deny the accusations "  The notion that there is a culture of ` neglect ' ... is absurd , " channel says
CNN  -- Washington Redskins owner Dan Snyder was seen Sunday sitting with the outgoing president of the Navajo Nation as the NFL team continues taking heat for not changing its name , a term considered derogatory by many Native Americans . Fox Sports showed Ben Shelly and his wife -- both wearing Redskins hats -- sitting next to Snyder for the Redskins vs. Cardinals game in Arizona on Sunday . Outside of the stadium in Glendale , demonstrators who take issue with the name stood with signs lambasting the team 's name . Opinion : Why Redskins decision is wrong Shelly 's term expires in January . He ran for a second term but lost his re-election bid in the primary last year . Seattle Times gets rid of ` Redskins , ' joins tide against name Deswood Tome , a spokesman for Shelly , told CNN affiliate WJLA in Washington that Shelly was there to support a franchising agreement in which Snyder agreed to sell Navajo art and crafts at FedEx Field . The Cardinals defeated the Redskins , 30-20 . Tribal chief : No FedEx until Redskins change team name	The Washington Redskins owner sat with the Navajo Nation president . The two were seen Sunday at the Redskins vs. Cardinals game in Arizona . Demonstrators were outside the stadium protesting the NFL team 's name .
New York  CNN  -- It 's not your imagination : Our dysfunctional divided Congress is the least productive and least popular in recent history . Some congressmen walk the halls like members of rival gangs . The simple job of reasoning together seems out of reach . A few good men and women -- like Sens. Joe Lieberman and Olympia Snowe -- have decided to retire rather than subject themselves to this disheartening Kabuki theater . The system is broken . But what can we do to fix it ? The good news is that it does n't have to be this way . In the past , divided government presided over ambitious accomplishments like the Marshall Plan and the creation of the interstate highway system . Ronald Reagan 's accomplishments occurred while liberal Tip O'Neill ran the House of Representatives . President Bill Clinton and then-Speaker Newt Gingrich did n't get along at all personally , but together they achieved welfare reform and balanced the budget . We need to change the culture of Washington to encourage more constructive and more civil behavior -- and that means changing the way the game is played . Congressional reform might not sound all that sexy on the surface , but if you are frustrated with Washington 's chronic dysfunction , you should care enough to help propose new solutions . That 's why it was heartening to see a Senate hearing by the Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee this week devoted to congressional reform . It had the overly officious name "  Raising the Bar for Congress : Reform Proposals for the 21st century . " But beneath the congressional-ese were some strikingly common sense ideas , some of which were first proposed by the organization No Labels , which I helped co-found in 2010 . It is a group of Democrats , Republicans and independents united in the belief that hyper-partisanship is hurting our country because it is stopping us from solving the serious problems we face . Here are three of the ideas proposed that could help heal the hyper-partisan gridlock afflicting Washington . 1  No Budget , No Pay -- This proposal would provide some personal incentive for senators and representatives do to something basic : Pass a budget on time . But the sad fact is that it has been more than 1,000 days since Congress passed a joint budget resolution , which is why we keep playing chicken with a government shutdown over continuing resolutions . What 's worse is that this failure has become standard operating procedure . Congress has passed a budget on time only four times since 1952 and , for the past decade and a half , annual budgets have been an average of four months late . Some members of Congress complain that having their $ 174,000-a-year salary docked until they pass a budget would unfairly penalize them . But we need to apply some reasonable pressure to focus Congress ' collective mind . No Budget , No Pay is a good place to start . 2  Filibuster Reform -- Think back to the classic movie "  Mr. Smith Goes to Washington " and you 'll remember the filibuster scene , the high drama of watching Jimmy Stewart stand alone on the Senate floor trying to alert the nation to a miscarriage of justice . But the filibuster has turned in recent years from an extraordinary event to a routine parliamentary maneuver , designed to block legislation from ever receiving an up or down vote without a supermajority in favor . Opinion : Imagine a Congress that can do great things Here 's a reality check . In the first 50 years of the convening of Congress , the filibuster was used 35 times . In the last two years , it has been used more than 100 times . The system is broken and being abused . "  Back in the 1960s , senators had to risk their bladder to filibuster , " Rep. Jim Cooper , D-Tennessee , once told me . "  Now no senator has skin in the game . They just ask a staffer to file paperwork . " A simple procedural rule change to return the filibuster to its roots would mean an end to gridlock . 3  Up or Down Vote in 90 Days -- Since the Clinton era , we 've seen an increase in White House nominations getting blocked before they ever get a chance to have an up or down vote . In 2010 , Sen. Richard Shelby , R-Alabama , single-handedly blocked 70 nominations to get more spending for his state . In 2011 , more than 200 presidential appointments were left open , including the directorship of FEMA and key positions at the Fed and Treasury as well as federal judgeships . Both parties do it . The Democrats disgracefully blocked President Bush 's judicial nominees , including Miguel Estrada . Failing to confirm federal appointments leaves important offices unfilled and good people who want to serve their country stranded on the sidelines . The solution is a rule change that would give the Senate 90 days to advise and consent -- but if they ca n't get their act together , the nominee would be automatically approved so government work can go on . Opinion : What 's wrong with Congress ? It 's not big enough These are just a few congressional proposals that have been put forward . You should start proposing a few of your own . After all , no party , person or organization has a monopoly on good ideas . The key is to focus your frustration with Congress in a constructive direction . With their approval numbers at a historic low , who knows ? They just might feel enough pressure to start taking citizens ' advice . As Sen. Joe Lieberman said at the hearing : "  We ca n't just hope and pray for a miraculous political awakening . There 's not going to be some spontaneous cultural change in Congress . It 's got to be forced . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon says a Senate hearing on reforming Congress was a positive step He says members of Congress should n't be paid until they can pass a budget The Senate should have to vote presidential appointees up or down in 90 days , he says Avlon : The old practice of a filibuster requiring continuous talk should be brought back
CNN  -- As the saying goes , do n't bring a knife to a gun fight . Or , in this case , do n't try to hold up a gun store with a baseball bat and a knife . Authorities in Oregon say a man who tried to rob a gun store outside of Portland was just so under-armed when he tried to pull off a heist Thursday afternoon . The suspect ended up on the ground , taking orders from the store manager who held the man at gunpoint until police came . The would-be robber apparently was looking to step up his weaponry -- he smashed a glass display case at Discount Gun Sales and pulled a handgun from the display , the Washington County sheriff 's department said in a news release . The store manager then drew his own handgun and ordered the suspect to drop his bat , his 9-inch knife and the purloined handgun . Washington County deputies responded to the call and found the suspect on the floor when they arrived . Derrick Mosley , 22 , was being held at the Washington County , Oregon , jail , with bond set at $ 250,000 , the sheriff 's department said . He was charged with first degree robbery and unlawful possession of a firearm , according to the news release .	A would-be robber smashes a a glass display case at a gun store in Oregon The manager pulls his gun and orders the man to drop his weapons -- a bat and a knife The suspect winds up in jail with bail set at a quarter of a million dollars
Berlin  CNN  -- Chancellor Angela Merkel 's popularity will not be enough to ensure a continuation of the government she would like to lead after Germans go to the polls - and a newcomer on the political scene could throw a wrench in the gears of her plans for the nation . Despite standing 20 points higher in the ratings than challenger Peer Steinbrueck of the SPD , Merkel 's conservative Christian Democrats  CDU  are unlikely to secure enough votes for an absolute majority . It is actually the Chancellor 's own camp in the political spectrum of the right that threatens the current government , made up of the Christian Democrats and their junior partner , the liberal democratic FDP . The upstart Alternative for Germany  AfD  party could deliver payback to Europe 's paymaster , because of Chancellor Merkel 's ad hoc reactions to financial instability in the Eurozone . With a populist platform cloaked in its profile as the "  party of professors , " the nascent AfD touts an anti-euro platform , and is channelling supporters away from the right and enticing protest voters . Together , they could be enough to help the AfD garner the five per cent of the vote they need to gain seats in Germany 's parliament , the Bundestag . The party currently scores between 2 % and 4 % in the polls . Read more : Germany playing beggar-my-neighbor with eurozone ? If they succeed , it could then be difficult for the current government to muster a majority . Just as suddenly as the AfD party appeared on the scene earlier this year , consensus on Germany 's role in Europe may disintegrate in Berlin , since there is now a conservative political voice breaking the taboo on questioning Germany 's integration within the European Union . Neither the political parties nor the German electorate has mobilized around any burning issues this campaign season , but the AfD has tapped into an undercurrent of frustration about the euro and unease about Germany 's economic resilience . Merkel has steered Europe 's biggest economy well during the global economic crisis : today , unemployment is under 7 % and Germany 's export engine is the envy of many countries . Two decades after reunification , the nation seems to have reached the zenith in economic indicators , but looming in the background are structural factors such as a demographic decline and income disparity which , coupled with aiding Eurozone countries in the periphery , creates unease among this nation of savers . According to the 2013 Transatlantic Trends Survey , a majority of Germans would like to see each EU member state maintain authority over its own economic and budgetary policies . Read more : It 's the economy Dummkopf - CNN debate highights key issue The AfD may only have 20,000 party members , but about a third of the country 's 50 million voters are believed to be undecided . As a result , there is ample recruiting ground for parties like the AfD to generate a critical mass . Even if it does n't enter the Bundestag this time around , its mere existence could create more political fragmentation and upend Merkel 's current center-right coalition . Just as election campaigning swung into gear at the end of the summer , Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble predicted another bailout for Greece . This was the moment for Merkel to outline a plan for the European project in order to neutralize the opposition complaining about her lack of a plan and calm the euroskeptics in her midst , reinforcing her credibility as a measured leader in times of crisis . Instead she is riding on Germans ' current sense of prosperity to usher in a third term as Chancellor . But as long as the AfD remains a potential player in Berlin , Germans will always be reminded of the solidity of the Deutschmark , and Merkel may soon see the conservatives splinter , just as the German left has done over the past decade . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sudha David-Wilp .	Germans go to the polls Sunday ; Chancellor Angela Merkel up for re-election Anti-euro Alternative for Germany  AfD  party is campaigning for the first time Sudha David-Wilp : Fledgling party could throw wrench in gears of Merkel 's plans If it wins seats in parliament , AfD could splinter the conservative alliance , says David-Wilp
Italian motorsport maestros Ferrari want to get back to being "  bellissimo " in Barcelona next month after two team errors saw their No. 1 driver Fernando Alonso fall behind in the race for the Formula One title . Alonso dropped to fourth in the drivers ' championship -- and 30 points behind the leader , Red Bull 's reigning champion Sebastian Vettel -- after his race in Bahrain was compromised by problems with his car 's rear-wing overtaking aid . The Spaniard also crashed out of the Malaysian Grand Prix when the team failed to call him back to the pits to repair a damaged front wing that had slipped dangerously underneath his car . The mistakes mean Ferrari -- who have not won the team title since 2008 -- are now third in the constructor standings behind Red Bull and Lotus . After the first four long-haul destination races of 2013 , the team have returned to their Maranello headquarters in northern Italy where team principal Stefano Domencali has issued a rallying call to the famous racing marque . "  We have to be perfect in every area , " he said . "  Responsibility lies with reliability , from the smallest to the biggest components , to ensure the level of perfection that has to be the standard for Ferrari . We must work with renewed attention on this front . " That extra attention to detail has already begun at the Ferrari factory as the team 's engineers solved the problem with Alonso 's faulty drag reduction system  DRS  -- an overtaking aid which increases the car 's straight-line speed by flipping open the top flap of the rear wing -- the day after the Bahrain Grand Prix . Analysis revealed the problem was caused by a broken mechanical component . Ferrari say it was the first of its kind in the three years since DRS was introduced to F1 . But the team say there is still work to be done , especially as Ferrari 's Brazilian driver Felipe Massa also had a torrid race in Bahrain , finishing 15th because of tire problems . Alonso had started the race in third place but battled his way to eighth after stopping twice so mechanics could mend his car 's faulty rear wing . "  It 's hard to recall a race where so many things went wrong , " commented Domenicali . "  The DRS failure prevented Fernando , who yet again produced a great performance , from fighting Vettel for the win . "  Then for Felipe , there were the two tire-related problems that pushed him out of the points and prevented him from getting the top-five finish that was within his grasp . "  In these first four races of the season we have not managed , for various reasons , to bring home the points that were within our grasp . That 's why the gap to the top in both classifications seems quite large . " Strong performances in Australia and China , where Alonso raced to a dominant victory for Ferrari , continue to give Ferrari hope that they can still challenge their main rivals Red Bull , Lotus and Mercedes in the title hunt when racing resumes in the Spanish city of Barcelona on May 12 . "  We believe in our ability to be in the fight for the titles right to the end and this time , we have been in that fight since the start , which has not been the case for a while , " said Domenicali . "  We must not be discouraged , quite the contrary , because we have seen so often , both in our favor and against , how things can change in a hurry . "	Ferrari aiming for perfection after errors in Malaysian and Bahrain grands prix Fernando Alonso has fallen to fourth in 2013 Formula One drivers ' championship Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel leads from Lotus driver Kimi Raikkonen Ferrari say mechanical fault to blame for Ferrari 's rear-wing failure in Bahrain
Washington  CNN  -- When presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney appears before Latino small-business owners in Washington on Wednesday , he 'll address a group whose explosive birth rates foreshadow a seismic political shift in GOP strongholds in the Deep South and Southwest . "  The Republicans ' problem is their voters are white , aging and dying off , " said David Bositis , a senior research associate at the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies , who studies minority political engagement . "  There will come a time when they suffer catastrophic losses with the realization of the population changes . " Over the next several generations , the wave of minority voters -- who , according to U.S. Census figures released this week , now represent more than half of the nation 's population born in the past year -- will become more of a power base in places like Alabama , Mississippi and Georgia . That hold will extend across the Southwest all the way to California , experts say . Opinion : Sorry Rush Limbaugh , minorities not looking for ` payback ' The coming political revolution could result in a massive changing of the guard on nearly every level of government , potential cultural clashes , and the type of political alliances that are now considered rare . Offspring of immigrant farm workers In Georgia , those rumblings are already being felt . It is a state that depends heavily on immigrant labor to pick peaches and peanuts and work in poultry plants . So when Georgia -- like its Southern sister states of Alabama , Louisiana , Mississippi , Tennessee and South Carolina -- passed a tough anti-immigration bill that also penalizes businesses , Hispanic groups and farmers alike pushed back . "  This election cycle Latinos in Georgia are upset about  the law  , " said Jerry Gonzalez , executive director of GALEO , a nonprofit and nonpartisan group geared toward Georgia 's growing Latino population . "  That 's going to spur more galvanization than we 've ever seen before . " According to the Pew Hispanic Center , Southeastern states such as Alabama , Arkansas , Kentucky , Mississippi , North Carolina , South Carolina and Tennessee boast some of the greatest percentage increases in Latino population growth . They are also states where the percentage of Hispanics roughly doubled . And , according to Pew , the Latino population boom helped Arizona , Florida , Georgia , Nevada , South Carolina , Texas , Utah and Washington net additional congressional seats . Though Georgia 's Latino population has mushroomed over the past ten years , according to Pew , roughly 23 % of that group is eligible to vote , compared to roughly 76.2 % of whites and just over 69 % of African-Americans . Still , activists like Gonzalez are hopeful that lawmakers will see the trends and recognize "  Latinos merit a seat at the table as well . " So far , Republican efforts to offer Latinos a place at the table have fallen short . The nation 's Hispanics tend to vote Democratic , and overwhelmingly supported Barack Obama and Joe Biden in 2008 . Romney in particular has stumbled with this critical voting bloc , after his comments suggesting that making the economic landscape tough for illegal immigrants will force them to "  self deport . " Trying to convince a growing population Even Republican Hispanic lawmakers , such as Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Florida , have urged the GOP to soften its language when discussing immigration and such proposals as the House-passed version of the Violence Against Women Act , which killed expanded coverage for illegal immigrants and Native Americans who are victims of domestic abuse , and the failed DREAM Act , which would have given U.S. residency to immigrant kids with high school diplomas . The GOP is trying to clean up its image with Hispanic voters , with an eye toward the demographic 's looming political clout . Romney is slated to speak at the Latino Coalition 's Annual Economic Summit in Washington on Wednesday . Last week , his campaign released "  Dia Uno , " a Spanish-language version of an ad underscoring Romney 's mission for the first day he assumes the presidency . If Republicans continue to struggle to appeal to Latino voters , Spanish-language ads may not stave off a change that experts like Bositis see coming in the not too distant future , when states such as Georgia go purple and eventually blue . "  There 'll be a tipping point where you 've got the Republicans in charge , but you 'll get to the point when the population becomes minority , " Bositis said . "  When that happens the statewide offices will fall . Republican governors will fall . Things will change . " This announcement on birth rates "  should be a wake-up call to everyone running for political office from this day forward , " said Lionel Sosa , a veteran Latino GOP strategist who has helped advise candidates since 1980 . "  Latinos should no longer be considered minorities . In many crucial electoral states , this ` former minority ' is fast becoming the deciding vote . The candidate who reaches out most effectively will win their support . " "  Token efforts , such as tamale parties , will no longer work . Winning will require more than outreach . It will require inclusion , " Sosa said . "  Latinos , African-Americans and people of other races must be represented in the important decision-making strategies of any given campaign , whether it be for a Democrat or Republican . "	Births of nonwhites have now overtaken births of whites , according to the U.S. Census Republicans face uphill battle in persuading Latinos to vote for their candidates Shift is most pronounced in the South and Southwest
CNN  -- Are you worried that millionaires do n't have enough influence in our elections ? If you ca n't contribute more than $ 123,000 to politicians , are your free speech rights harmed ? At least 99 % of Americans would laugh at the absurdity of these questions , but not Shaun McCutcheon , an Alabama political donor . McCutcheon v. FEC , his court challenge to the $ 123,200 aggregate contribution limit , has made it all the way to the Supreme Court , where it will be heard on October 8 . Aggregate limits -- or the total someone can contribute to federal candidates and committees each two-year election cycle -- was previously before the Supreme Court . In Buckley v. Valeo  1976  , the Supreme Court found the limits constitutional because they prevent corruption of federal officeholders and government decisions . The court wrote , "  But this quite modest restraint upon protected political activity serves to prevent evasion of the $ 1,000 contribution limitation by a person who might otherwise contribute massive amounts of money to a particular candidate " through "  contributions to political committees likely to contribute to that candidate , or huge contributions to the candidate 's political party . " Now , especially after throwing out a century 's worth of law approving restrictions on corporate campaign expenditures in rulings , including Citizens United , one would expect the Supreme Court to leave some of its campaign finance precedents intact . With this challenge to another longstanding law , the court will have its chance . One argument advanced by McCutcheon 's supporters is that because the Citizens United decision unleashed millions of dollars in independent electoral spending , much of it from anonymous sources , the role of political parties has been diminished to the detriment of our political system . That 's hogwash . McCutcheon supporters propose throwing out aggregate limits so the parties can raise more than $ 1 million from a single contributor . Eliminating the aggregate limits would only invite more political corruption . First , it would provide another advantage for the tiny fraction of Americans who have the means to give so lavishly . In 2012 , only four out of 1,000 Americans made political contributions of $ 200 or more , and the proportion of Americans who give the maximum amount of contributions allowed under federal law is much smaller . By way of perspective , McCutcheon challenges a contribution cap for individuals of $ 123,200 -- or more than twice the $ 51,017 the average American family earns a year before taxes . Eliminating this "  quite modest restraint " would further empower the very few Americans who can afford to give such sums , and it would bring us pretty close to the definition of oligarchy . Second , the corruption that would arise from eliminating these limits is not hypothetical . The record presented to the U.S. Supreme Court in the case of McConnell v FEC -- the decision that upheld the McCain-Feingold campaign financing act -- confirmed that the parties can and do serve as conduits for huge donors seeking specific outcomes in Washington and state capitals across the country . Not only does the lower court record make clear that large contributions buy access and influence -- read the depositions of Sen. Warren Rudman , R-New Hampshire ; Alan Simpson , R-Wyoming , and Paul Simon , D-Illinois -- but they also affect Senate action . For example , the court record shows that in 1996 , during Senate consideration of an amendment to benefit Federal Express , Sen. Russ Feingold , D-Wisconsin , said a senior senator suggested to him that he support the amendment because "  they just gave us $ 100,000 . " The record reports that a popular generic drug bill died in Congress in 2002 , shortly after two Republican Party congressional committees held a large gala fundraiser to raise almost $ 30 million in contributions . Among the largest contributors to the gala were GlaxoSmithKline PLC , PhRMA , Pfizer , Eli Lilly & Co. , Bayer AG and Merck & Co. . Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , summed up the problem this way : "  There 's a terrible appearance when the Generic Drug Bill , which passes by 78 votes through the Senate , is not allowed to be brought up in the House shortly after a huge fundraiser with multimillion-dollar contributions from the pharmaceutical drug companies who are opposed to the legislation . " Third , allowing donors a direct route to funnel millions straight to parties and candidates will not stop the anonymous independent spending . These expenditures will persist because they offer distinct advantages : They allow donors to hide their identities from the public , and allow candidates to outsource the dirty work , like attack ads . If the Supreme Court sides with McCutcheon , all it will have done is open new routes for corruption without closing the old ones . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Meredith McGehee .	Supreme Court takes on a challenge to $ 123,200 aggregate campaign contribution limit Limit is the total you can give to federal candidates each two-year election cycle Meredith McGehee : If court gets rid of limits , it invites corruption and gives advantage to the rich Large contributions are corrupting , she says ; they buy access and influence to power
New York  CNN  -- Evelyn Lauder , a member of the Estee Lauder cosmetic company who helped create the pink ribbon symbol for breast cancer awareness , died Saturday in New York City . She was 75 . Lauder died from complications of ovarian cancer at her home with her family by her side , the company said . The Vienna , Austria , native fled Nazi-occupied Europe with her parents , eventually settling in New York City . As a college freshman , she was introduced to the man she would marry , Leonard A. Lauder , the son of Estee and Joseph Lauder , who co-founded the cosmetics company . Lauder joined the family business and rose to be senior corporate vice president and head of fragrance development worldwide . Perhaps best known as an advocate for women 's health , Lauder helped to create the pink ribbon , the now ubiquitous symbol for breast cancer awareness . She is survived by her husband , two sons and five grandchildren . "  My mother carried the torch of our company heritage and the values that were passed to her by my grandmother , Mrs. Estee Lauder , " her son , William Lauder , said in a statement . "  My mother and father were life partners as well as business partners . They nurtured the culture and growth of the Estee Lauder companies , and as we grew , my mother was our creative compass and pillar of strength . Together my family and the company celebrate the beautiful person she was . "	Evelyn Lauder dies from complications of ovarian cancer Lauder helped create the pink ribbon as a symbol of breast cancer awareness She is survived by her husband , two sons and five grandchildren
