LONDON , England  CNN  -- British airlines have put into effect measures to stop people with swine flu boarding flights in a bid to prevent the virus from spreading further . Medical screening for the swine flu virus has been introduced at many airports . British Airways said there had been a "  very small number of cases " where people who had checked in with symptoms of H1N1 had been advised not to travel after having medical checks . Virgin Atlantic also said victims would not be allowed to board one of its planes without a fit-to-fly certificate from their doctor or a hospital , though there had been no cases yet . The World Health Organization declared the virus a global pandemic June 11 . More than 120 countries have reported cases of human infection . About 98,000 cases have been documented worldwide , with 440 deaths , according to the WHO . Watch as airlines ban sufferers " With 29 deaths and a huge rise in the number of cases , Britain has the worst swine flu figures in Europe . Eight British schoolchildren remained in hospital in China on Monday after contracting swine flu on a trip to the country , the Foreign Office said . The teenagers were diagnosed with the H1N1 virus in Beijing . More than 50 of their classmates and teachers are also quarantined in a hotel . Watch as students are quarantined " Medical screening for the swine flu virus has been introduced at many airports around the world for passengers arriving on international flights but there are concerns that many people may not be aware they are infected . Those who do have symptoms have been advised by Britain 's health authorities to delay their journeys until the signs have cleared up . "  We have a medical team within the airline as well as a contingency planning group which has met for the past few years to look at the issue of a flu pandemic , " A British Airways spokeswoman said . "  We have a wide range of contingency plans in place which we can use depending on how the situation may evolve . "  If we have concerns about a customer or the customer is concerned , then we have a 24-hour medical service we can call to give advice to staff . "  They will speak to the customer and an assessment will be made about their fitness to fly . "  There have been a number of cases where we have advised customers not to fly on the basis of their diagnosis or symptoms of H1N1 . " Watch as a CNN reporter is quarantined " BA told CNN Monday though that it was "  business as usual " and all flights were operating normally . Virgin Atlantic spokesman Paul Charles said : "  If there are signs of something being wrong , be it excessive sneezing or coughing , not looking well , high temperature , then the airport staff can call in a medical team for extra advice . "  If the medical team believe there are reasons not to fly , the passenger will be asked to produce a fit to fly certificate from their doctor or a hospital , and they will be put at our cost on to the next available flight . " Swine flu has spread so rapidly and extensively around the globe that the World Health Organization is changing tactics against the H1N1 virus , including stopping a tally of cases and focusing on unusual patterns . "  At this point , further spread of the pandemic , within affected countries and to new countries , is considered inevitable , " the WHO said . The counting of all cases is no longer essential because it is exhausting countries ' resources , the organization said . "  In some countries , this strategy is absorbing most national laboratory and response capacity , leaving little capacity for the monitoring and investigation of severe cases , and other exceptional events . " Monitoring is still required , the organization urged , but should focus on exceptional patterns . "  Because the numbers of cases have increased in so many countries , it is very hard to keep up , " Keiji Fukuda , WHO assistant director-general , said earlier this month . Laboratories have been inundated with testing requests and the virus is showing up in most lab tests in countries with major outbreaks , he said . The organization said it will not issue global tables showing confirmed cases for countries that have reported cases , according to the release . However , it will still report on nations that have not had cases so that its presence can be confirmed . "  WHO will continue to request that these countries report the first confirmed cases and , as far as feasible , provide weekly aggregated case numbers and descriptive epidemiology of the early cases . " Meanwhile , governments should should be on the lookout for unusual patterns , the organization said . While most patients have reported mild symptoms , a rise in severe symptoms or respiratory ailments that require hospitalization should be cause for concern , it said . Governments should also pay attention to unusual patterns linked to fatal cases , the WHO said . Any changes in prevailing patterns should be flagged , including a rise in school and job absenteeism , and an increase in visits to the emergency room . An overwhelmed health system may mean there is a rise in severe cases , the organization said .	British airlines stop people with swine flu boarding flights Around the world there have been 98,000 cases of swine flu in 120 countries With 29 deaths , Britain has the worst swine flu figures in Europe Medical screening for virus has been introduced at many airports
An investigation into the killing of the most senior U.S. military officer since 9/11 found the incident could not have been "  foreseen " or "  prevented , " according to a military report out Thursday . Maj. Gen. Harold Greene , who was leading efforts to train soldiers in Afghanistan , was killed by a member of the Afghan National Army on Aug. 5 during a visit to a military training facility in Kabul . The report was from the International Security Assistance Force , which serves as NATO 's command over allied military operations in Afghanistan . Greene , along with more than 90 other US and Coalition personnel , visited the Marshal Fahim National Defense University to take a look at the construction of a site at the school that would serve officers in the Afghan Army . According to the report , overall security at the site was provided by Danish forces , but there were protection forces from the United States , United Kingdom and Germany also present . But despite "  extensive security planning " for the event , the report said "  there was no comprehensive plan that incorporated all participating security elements , " as each individual security detachment did their own preparation . "  The threat level that day was assessed as low , with no indicators of unusual activity or concern , " the report said . ISAF identified the shooter as Rafiqullah , a soldier with the Afghan Army who entered the barracks at the university where the presentation was taking place and positioned himself in a nearby bathroom in direct view of the delegation and fired 27 -- 30 rounds in to the crowd . In addition to Greene , 18 others were seriously wounded . Two Coalition Force Soldiers returned fire and killed the shooter . "  Although there have been many leads , nothing has yet materialized that conclusively links the shooter to any plots , plans or person of interest , " the report said . "  It appears the shooting was not pre-meditated , and the shooter simply took advantage a target of opportunity provided by the close gathering . " The report raised the possibility the shooter may have been "  self-radicalized " or suffered from some type of psychological condition . While visits to the site from various officials are a regular occurrence , the report said the incident appeared to be an "  isolated act of a determined shooter without indicators or warnings . " ISAF made recommendations for greater risk assessment planning of such events and visits in the future , as well as a review of ISAF 's standard on the use of personal protective equipment .	Maj. Gen. Harold was killed by a member of the Afghan National Army in August A report said there was no way the death could have been "  foreseen " The International Security Assistance Force authored the report
CNN  -- Sounding as much like a Western leader as a Middle Eastern one , Iran 's president is denouncing ISIS in strong terms , but even in firm opposition he 's hardly embracing the U.S.-led military effort intent on destroying the extremist group . Hassan Rouhani , in an interview with NBC News , characterized ISIS 's recent beheadings of three Western captives are offensive to all people , including Muslims like himself . "  They want to kill humanity and , from the viewpoint of the Islamic tenets and culture , killing an innocent person equals the killing of  all  humanity , " Rouhani said of ISIS militants , according to the translation on NBC 's website . " ... The killing and beheading of innocent people , in fact , is a matter of shame on them and a matter of concern and sorry for all ... mankind . " The only relevant thing about the victims is that they were innocent , not their nationalities or religions , according to Rouhani . The three killed were British aid worker David Haines and American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff . Sotloff was Jewish and had dual citizenship with Israel . "  Who can really tolerate to see an innocent person be executed ? " said the Iranian president . "  It does n't make any difference , from our viewpoint , if the person is Muslim , Jewish , Christian or  a  follower of any other religion . It is not important to us ... which nationality he belongs to . " Rouhani 's position on ISIS is n't entirely new or unexpected . The group is made up of Sunni Muslims aiming to create a vast caliphate in the region under its strict , distinct version of Sharia law . Iran consists predominantly of Shia Muslims , and it could find itself under attack if ISIS militants move east from Iraq into its territory . Iran is n't alone in its stance on ISIS . U.S. President Barack Obama has been active in his opposition to the group , ordering airstrikes targeting ISIS in Iraq and promising similar air attacks on the group in Syria . In his NBC interview , Rouhani did not appear supportive or impressed with Washington 's plan to form a coalition -- one which he called "  ridiculous " -- or its using airstrikes , rather than ground forces , to combat the ISIS threat . Obama , Kerry : No U.S. troops to be sent into combat The Iranian president asked rhetorically if the United States , by conducting airstrikes but refusing to put its own troops into battle , is "  afraid of their soldiers being killed in the fight they claim is against terrorism . " "  If they want to use planes and if they want to use unmanned planes , so that nobody is injured from the Americans -- is it really possible to fight terrorism without any hardship , without any sacrifice ? " he added . Rouhani then made an apparent allusion to possible airstrikes against ISIS in Syria -- something that U.S. officials would be done without coordinating with the government of President Bashar al-Assad . Washington has backed moderate opposition forces working to oust al-Assad ; Tehran , meanwhile , is an ally of the embattled Syrian leader . "  Maybe it is necessary for airstrikes in some conditions and some circumstances , " Rouhani told NBC 's Ann Curry . "  However , airstrikes should take place with the permission of the people of that county and the government of that country . " Ali Shamkhani , the secretary of Iran 's Supreme National Security Council , told state-run Press TV that Iran turned down an invite from Denmark Foreign Minister Martin Lidegaard to join the U.S.-led alliance to fight ISIS . Shamkhani surmised Wednesday that one of this coalition 's chief goals is to protect Israel and that Tehran does n't believe it will be effective . "  The alliance ... for confronting this terrorist group is an effort to forge safe borders for the Zionist regime rather than bring about regional stability and security for the oppressed people of the  Middle East  , " he said .	NEW : Rouhani on U.S. strikes : "  Is it really possible to fight terrorism without ... sacrifice ? " NEW : Official : Iran turned down invite from Denmark minister to join U.S.-led anti-ISIS coalition NEW : Iranian official says the coalition 's goal is to protect Israel , state news reports Iranian President Hassan Rouhani tells NBC that ISIS ' beheadings violate Islam
CNN  -- By definition , a model is an archetype , an example to emulate . Within those standards , Shaun Ross is a model of imperfection . The 22-year-old was born with albinism , a congenital disorder that results in the production of little to no pigment in the skin , hair and eyes . The condition affects an estimated 1 in 17,000 people in the United States , according to the National Organization for Albinism and Hypopigmentation , and puts people at risk for persecution in some parts of the world , according to the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies . During this New York Fashion Week , which runs until September 12 , Ross appeared in presentations for brands Third NYC and Monsieur Belange . He previously walked the runway in Berlin and appeared in music videos for Katy Perry and BeyoncÃ © . His most anticipated project is an upcoming short film entitled "  Tropico " with Lana Del Rey . Ross , who describes his look as "  euphoric , " is one of a growing number of anti-cookie-cutter models . He said his smile "  is n't the prettiest , " but illuminating ; his face is "  very disoriented , " but edgy . "  I challenge photographers , " he said . Interactive : The look of NYFW Ross said his condition does n't confine or define him -- it has just always been there . The 6-foot-1 model came into the world the same way he did the modeling industry : in an unlikely fashion . Ross 's mom gave birth to him on the highway on the way to the hospital . "  The nickname my parents always called me was Nissan , " Ross said with a laugh . But growing up in the Bronx borough of New York , Ross said he was called everything from "  Casper " to "  Powder " to "  white bread . " In seventh grade , the teasing culminated when a boy stabbed him in the back six times with a pen . "  I was always the outcast , but a confident outcast , " Ross said . "  I just had to accept it . I 'm going to be me ; either you 're going to accept it or you 're not . " Ross , in part , credits his confidence to his mother , who never dwelled on his differences . "  It 's really weird to say , but I never thought about my skin being weird . I just knew that 's what it was . I never asked myself why I did n't look like my parents , " Ross said . "  My mother has showed me you have no fear . You let people judge you , but who gives a fâ $ " k ? " To him , beauty is confidence . While the runways this week continue to be dominated by waif-like bodies , angular faces and symmetrical , round eyes , Ross arrived on the scene just as the modeling industry is abuzz about what it means to be beautiful . Fashion Week 's first plus-sized designer The New York Times recently declared it the season of the quirky model . "  It girl " of the moment Cara Delevingne sports full , bushy brows and self-deprecating , goofy Instagrams to match . She also suffers from psoriasis , an autoimmune disease that often results in splotchy red patches on the skin . A recent flare-up served as an accessory to a red Versace gown during Milan Fashion Week in February 2013 . "  It only happened during Fashion Week ! " Delevingne told W Magazine . "  Which is , of course , the worst time of the year for me to be covered in scabs . Psoriasis is an autoimmune disease , and I 'm sensitive . Kate  Moss  saw me before the Louis Vuitton show at 3 a.m. , when I was being painted by people to cover the scabs . " Meanwhile , Lindsey Wixson with her "  bee-stung lips " and gap teeth glided down the runway for top designers Rebecca Minkoff and Zac Posen , among others , during New York Fashion Week . Ukrainian model Masha Tyelna 's otherworldly eyes pierce the cameras , while Andrej Pejic continues to push limits with crossover between menswear and womenswear . Charlotte Free rocks pink hair , while Saskia de Brauw sports a short , grunge haircut -- and challenges the notion that models must be in their late teens by continuing to work at age 32 . High fashion , minus the labels Some argue there is n't enough racial diversity in modeling , such as model-turned-activist Bethann Hardison , who sent a memo to Fashion Week organizers on behalf of the Diversity Coalition , an advocacy group that champions diversity on the runway . "  Eyes are on an industry that season after season watches fashion design houses consistently use one or no models of color , " Hardison wrote to the Council of Fashion Designers of America , as well as to the British Fashion Council and the governing fashion week bodies for Paris and Milan . "  No matter the intention , the result is racism , " she continues ; the memo went on to call out specific designers who featured zero or only a couple of black models during their last season . According to Noah Shelley and Angus Munro , two of the most influential casting directors during New York Fashion Week , one part of casting is a designer 's aesthetic : Does it make sense to put a rock 'n' roll girl in a romantic gown ? But the majority is based on instinct . "  When an ` it girl ' arrives , to an untrained eye , you would n't give her a second glance , " Munro told CNN after Opening Ceremony debuted its spring collection at Fashion Week , where models were juxtaposed with flashy sports cars and Justin Bieber and Rihanna watched from the front row . "  Models are supposed to be aspirational , unreal characters , " Munro said . "  The fact that they are abnormally tall , perfectly proportioned and have amazing skin , it 's because we 're creating a picture . It entices someone to buy something . " Shelley said that when he and Munro make casting decisions , there are a limited number of diverse models . They have seen a growing number of Asian models , as that area of the world has become one of the fastest growing markets for luxury goods . "  All the shows essentially want the best of the best , " Shelley said . In a statement , the British Fashion Council said the lack of ethnic models is also a multitiered problem , from who the agencies decide to sign to what designers request . "  The British Fashion Council does not organize model castings for London Fashion Week , although , as its governing body , strongly asserts that all participating designers should recognize that London is one of the most multicultural cities in the world and should consider reflecting this demographic at their shows and presentations , " it said in its response to the Diversity Coalition 's memo . This season , Munro and Shelley say that personality and quirk appeals because of the intensity of model turnover . During the era of the supermodel , the faces of Cindy Crawford , Christy Turlington , Linda Evangelista and Naomi Campbell transcended the runway -- often into mainstream media -- for years . Now , a model 's look can be in and out of vogue in a matter of a few seasons . A day in the life of a model It can be a matter of a model having the right look at the right time , whether heroin chic , like Kate Moss in the 1990s , or the androgynous look spurred by Agyness Deyn in the mid-2000s . "  The world has to want what that girl offers at that exact time , " Shelley said . But Shelley and Munro try not to cross the line from quirk into novelty . "  There 's a fine line between an interesting event and a spectacle , " Shelley said . "  It 's a spectacle when it becomes more about people wanting to identify with the strange . " Ross , the model with albinism , is a tricky one to cast , Munro said . "  That guy is unbelievably good-looking in an unbelievably bizarre way . But many designers have n't thought that way , " he said . Ross summed up his attitude with a hashtag he uses to his growing social media following , #InMySkinIWin , which he says promotes a level of comfort with yourself . He started it to raise albinism awareness , but has since expanded the meaning to just loving who you are . "  It 's the DIY generation , " Ross said . "  Kids are becoming muses because they understand that what it takes to be successful is to be desirable and confident . " Follow Sarah LeTrent and on Twitter and Instagram for dispatches from New York Fashion Week .	Shaun Ross challenges the standards of beauty at New York Fashion Week Ross was born with albinism : "  I was always the outcast , but a confident outcast " Media outlets say quirky is in when it comes to models Some argue there 's still not enough diversity on the runway
CNN  -- On Tuesday night 's "  Larry King Live , " guest host Joy Behar talked about whether the Rihanna/Chris Brown case sends a dangerous message . Robin Givens told Joy Behar Tuesday night that details of domestic abuse are often the same . Among her guests were Robin Givens and Denise Brown . In an emotional interview , Behar examines how domestic abuse starts and why it 's hard to stop . The following transcript has been edited for brevity and clarity : Guest host Joy Behar : In a "  Larry King Live " exclusive , Robin Givens and Denise Brown sound the warning to one quarter of all women who will be kicked , punched , raped , even killed by partners in their life times . ... We 're talking about Rihanna and Chris Brown and the allegations against him . As you 've just heard , the numbers are pretty appalling . Joining me now is someone who lived it : actress , ex-wife of former heavyweight champ Mike Tyson and spokesperson for the National Domestic Violence Hotline , Robin Givens . Greetings . Robin Givens : Greetings . Behar : Does this Rihanna/Chris Brown -LSB- story -RSB- bring up bad memories for you ? Givens : Yes , it does . Behar : Tell me how you 've been feeling lately while you 're watching this on television ? Givens : Even sitting now , you know , here with you , it shakes you up . You know , you begin to sweat . You begin to feel sad all over . ... It 's hard to sit here . Watch Givens describe living with abuse " Behar . You were saying to me before that it 's always the same story . What do you mean by that ? Givens : I 've spoken to women every -LSB- where -RSB- . ... Peoria , El Paso . ... And what 's amazing is that I find that my story is their story ; their story is my story -- down to the details . He dragged me down the hall by my hair . He pulled me out of bed by my panties . He would like to choke me . He would kick . When I wrote my book , I was somewhere talking about something . And a woman came up to me and she said I wanted you to stop talking because I felt like everybody would know that you were talking about me . Behar : Oh , boy . And it 's the same progression , too , it seems ? Givens : I was hit for the first time before I was married . And I did what you thought you should do , of course . You know , you do n't take any phone calls . Three days , absolutely not . Absolutely not . All of a sudden , you start taking a phone calls . Behar : Softening up . Givens : Yes . And then all of a sudden , OK , let 's meet and we 'll talk . And then you meet and all of a sudden this person , this man that you love , that 's claiming his love for you , is crying , you know ? And then you 're consoling them . And it just becomes , I 'll never , ever , ever do it again . ... I just love you so much . It 's so hard for me to handle how much I love you . And it just begins . Behar : It must have touched you a little bit , too , like here 's this big heavyweight champion crying ... Givens : Yes . ... To see a man crying like that and promising and professing his love , I thought well , he must love me . ... Behar : In the fall of that year , you and Mike sat down with Barbara Walters to talk about the relationship . Here 's an excerpt : Barbara Walters , host : What 's it been like , this roller coaster ? Givens : It 's been torture . It 's been pure hell . It 's been worse than anything I could possibly imagine . ... He shakes . He pushes . He swings . Sometimes I think he 's trying to scare me . Behar : That is a most interesting moment in that interview , which I 've seen many times . What was going on in your head during that interview ? Givens : Well , I was so numb . Barbara knew what was going on in our lives and encouraged me to be honest . I wanted to be honest and thought it would help other people . ... Behar : By the way , he -LSB- Tyson -RSB- was never convicted of anything ? Givens : No . ... It 's interesting , though . He had done an interview somewhere . ... I do n't know specifically , but -LSB- he said -RSB- the best punch he ever threw was against me and that he punched me in the head and I bounced from one wall to the other . Behar : After the interview -LSB- with Walters -RSB- , though , you stayed with him . Givens : Yes . Behar : Why did you stay with him ? Givens : Well , he had said that he was going to get help . And I loved him . I wanted to make it work . I was very bonded . And it 's hard to be bonded and save yourself at the same time . Behar : One of the most influential women in the world used her considerable power to speak up about domestic abuse . Here 's what Oprah Winfrey had to say . Winfrey : Heal yourself first . And , also , love does n't hurt . I 've been saying this to women for years , love does n't hurt . ... And if a man hits you once , he will hit you again . ... He will hit you again . Behar : If Oprah was speaking to you , too , call the National Domestic Violence Hot Line now . The number is 1-800-799-SAFE . That 's 1-800-799-7233 . ... Denise Brown 's sister was Nicole Brown . We all know Nicole Brown Simpson , O.J. Simpson 's former wife . Greetings , Denise . How are you ? Denise Brown : I am doing great . And I 'm listening to all this information that you guys are talking about and it 's amazing . It 's so great to get out there . You talk about the dirty little secret . And it is . It 's just that -- a dirty little secret . And then you 're talking about what Oprah said -- if they hit you once , they 'll hit you again . You can even go one step further , Joy , and you can say if they hit you once , they 'll hit you again . And if they ever threaten to kill you , eventually one day they will . ... You know , it 's the cycle of domestic violence , which is about the power and control of one human being over another -- the verbal , the emotional , the psychological abuse , you know , the chipping away at one 's self-esteem . I 'm sure you heard it , Robin : you know , nobody is going to want you . I 'm the best thing for you . Givens : Um-hmm . Brown : And then that escalates into the physical violence , which is the hitting , the kicking , the punching , throwing up against the walls . And then , of course , -LSB- comes -RSB- the honeymoon phase . And that 's the ` oh , baby , I 'm so sorry . It 's never going to happen again . ' Givens : She 's absolutely right . The woman -- every woman tells the same story . Behar : If you read the Internet now , there 's some hostility toward Rihanna . They 're saying she provoked Chris . What do you make of that ? Givens : I do n't know why that is . I mean I do n't know why in our society that is , that we blame the victim . Brown : Battery treatment programs is what people need . I spoke to a gentleman , Dr. Donald Dutton . He wrote a book , "  The Batterer . " He said right now , it would take three years for people that are batterers to get that mindset to change . And I 'm sure that 's even more . And our society does not take it serious enough ... until , of course , there 's a murder or there 's a celebrity or something of that nature , which is really sad . Givens : The one thing I 'd like to say to Rihanna , actually ; as difficult as this all is , she does not have to answer to the media . She does n't have to explain it . She has to take care of herself . Behar : Thank you all very much . Go to CNN.com / LarryKing if you have something to say about domestic abuse . If you need help , there are resources listed there for you . Do n't wait . Get help now .	Robin Givens , Denise Brown talk about women and domestic violence Givens says Mike Tyson would drag her by her hair and try to choke her Why did Givens stay for so long ? She thought her love would fix the situation Brown says only when celebrity stories like Rihanna 's come out do people care
Call them drones ; call them toy airplanes with digital cameras dropped into their girths . Either way , South Korean defense officials said on Friday they were sure that they came from North Korea and that they were up to no good . Three diminutive single-engine unmanned propeller planes that look like they could have come from a hobby shop were found on the ground in March and April in parts of the South near the border with the northern Communist regime . Though the low-tech buzzers do n't seem to represent a major danger , they come in the shadow of North Korean missile launches and the impending countdown to the test of a nuclear device . And they made it through South Korean air defenses . Ministry of National Defense officials in Seoul immediately suspected that the sky-blue colored fliers belonged to Pyongyang . They formed an investigation team with the United States in mid-April to analyze the "  travel log file " and photos taken by the drones and announced the results on Friday . Scientists found a "  smoking gun that all three were sent from North Korea and are programmed to return to North Korea , " South Korean defense spokesman Kim Min-soek said . Photos the drones took along on their journey corroborate their flight path , he said . Precarious cargo Had the mechanical carrier pigeons made it back home , they would have delivered precarious cargo , but it would have been far from precious . Japanese-made digital cameras , which look like they could be of the consumer variety , were inserted into the bellies of the drones and had taken aerial photos of the South from around the border region . All three were programmed to fly over military facilities , and two of them had images of targets of military interest -- strategically important islands near the demilitarized zone , and the Blue House , residence and office of South Korea 's President Park Geun-hye . Images from the third drone were not available to South Korean investigators . A wild ginseng digger had stumbled upon the plane and had deleted its memory card so he could use it himself , the Korea Times reported . The planes were not capable of transmitting images back to North Korea in real time , and the photos themselves were no better than what one might see on a service akin to Google Earth , Kim said in a previous briefing . Limited capabilities There is little danger the drones could have made it far into South Korea . The type of drone is not used for long-range missions , a defense analyst said . Instead they 're better suited to see what the enemy is up to on the other side of a hill or wall . "  It has quite a small range , it does n't have very long endurance so it would only be up there for a few hours . You would use those to see what the other guys are doing in a battlefield environment , " said James Hardy , the Asia Pacific editor of IHS Jane 's Defence Weekly magazine . "  They 're very much closely built off a remote-controlled aircraft that you can buy in a toy store . They 're just a militarized version of that , " Hardy said . The Korean drones are nowhere near as sophisticated as those used by the United States in Pakistan , Yemen and Afghanistan , he said . They would also not make much of a weapon , if someone decided to stuff explosives into them , Kim has said . "  Even if they are to be used for future attacks ,  they  can only carry 2-3 kilograms of TNT and can not cause huge damage . " North Korea has flaunted similar , larger UAVs at military parades in recent years , and some of them have been spiked with explosives , Hardy said . Video footage shows North Korean exercises using them as missiles , but it 's an expensive way to build a bomb , he said . And it could only take out a single vehicle or ship . 'T is the season Spring is traditionally a time of high tensions between Pyongyang on the one side and Seoul and Washington on the other . Annual U.S.-South Korean joint military drills , that ended on April 7 , drew criticism from North Korea , which views the exercises as "  dress rehearsals for invasion , " according to analyst James Person from the Woodrow Wilson Center . In March , Pyongyang fired two mid-range ballistics missiles off its eastern coast , in an apparent response to the drills . Days later , the two sides fired hundreds of shells across the Northern Limit Line , their disputed maritime border . The shells were shot into the sea , not at hard targets . North Korea also warned it was preparing to test another nuclear device . "  It 's all good stuff because it allows the North Koreans to do something provocative and slightly annoying which might embarrass South Koreans , but it 's not provocative enough to create a proper military response , " Hardy said . Slipping through The drones would fit well into that category , since they slipped through South Korean air defenses . They are made of polycarbonate , which is difficult to detect with radar , according to South Korea 's Yonhap news agency . They fly at an average speed of about 110 km per hour  68 mph  at an altitude of 1.3 km  .8 miles  . They were launched in North Korea from three locations , South Korea 's defense ministry said : Near the Kaesong area , 27 kilometers southeast of Haeju and 17 kilometers from Pyonggak . South Korea 's defense ministry called the intrusion by the drones a violation of the truce that ended the bloody conflict between North and South Korea in 1953 . Kim said Seoul will send a warning via the United Nations to Pyongyang and tighten air defenses as a response to the drones .	Three diminutive single-engine unmanned propeller planes were found in March and April They look like hobby shop model airplanes with consumer cameras shoved into them They do n't have strong military or spy capabilities , but they made it through air defenses Spring is typically a time of high provocations between North and South Korea
CNN  -- The Afghan government said Monday it was "  shocked " as it sifted through tens of thousands of leaked U.S. military and diplomatic reports on the war in Afghanistan that a whistleblower website posted a day earlier . "  The Afghan government is shocked with the report that has opened the reality of the Afghan war , " said Siamak Herawi , a government spokesman . WikiLeaks.org -- a whistleblower website -- published on Sunday what it says are more than 90,000 United States military and diplomatic reports about Afghanistan filed between 2004 and January of this year . Are you reading the documents ? Tell us what you find The first-hand accounts are the military 's own raw data on the war , including numbers killed , casualties , threat reports and the like , according to Julian Assange , the founder of the website . "  It is the total history of the Afghan war from 2004 to 2010 , with some important exceptions -- U.S. Special Forces , CIA activity , and most of the activity of other non-U.S. groups , " Assange said . CNN has not independently confirmed the authenticity of the documents . The Department of Defense will not comment on them until the Pentagon has had a chance to look at them , a Defense official told CNN . "  What you have here is you have a variety of reports of different types , " said New York Times reporter Chris Chivers . "  Many of them are simple incident reports . The military describing ... on the ground what happened . Incident by incident . " The New York Times reported Sunday that military field documents included in the release suggest that Pakistan , an ally of the United States in the war against terror , has been running something of a "  double game , " allowing "  representatives of its spy service to meet directly with the Taliban in secret strategy sessions to organize networks of militant groups that fight against American soldiers in Afghanistan , and even hatch plots to assassinate Afghan leaders . " Herawi charged that Washington needed to deal with Pakistani intelligence , known as the ISI . "  There should be serious action taken against the ISI , who has a direct connection with the terrorists , " he said . "  These reports show that the U.S. was already aware of the ISI connection with the al Qaeda terrorist network . The United States is overdue on the ISI issue and now the United States should answer . " But Gen. Hamid Gul , the former head of Pakistan 's intelligence service and who is mentioned numerous times in the Wikileaks reports , called the accusations lies . "  These reports are absolutely and utterly false , " Gul said Monday . "  I think they -LSB- United States -RSB- are failing and they 're looking for scapegoats . " Husain Haqqani , Pakistan 's ambassador to the United States , issued a statement Sunday saying the reports "  do not reflect the current onground realities . " Rather , they "  reflect nothing more than single source comments and rumors , which abound on both sides of the Pakistan-Afghanistan border and are often proved wrong after deeper examination , " Haqqani 's statement said . "  Pakistan 's government under the democratically elected leadership of President -LSB- Asif Ali -RSB- Zardari and Prime Minister -LSB- Yousuf Raza -RSB- Gilani is following a clearly laid out strategy of fighting and marginalizing terrorists and our military and intelligence services are effectively executing that policy , " the statement said . National Security Adviser Gen. James Jones issued a statement Sunday calling the documents ' release "  irresponsible . " "  The United States strongly condemns the disclosure of classified information by individuals and organizations which could put the lives of Americans and our partners at risk , and threaten our national security , " the statement said . "  These irresponsible leaks will not impact our ongoing commitment to deepen our partnerships with Afghanistan and Pakistan ; to defeat our common enemies ; and to support the aspirations of the Afghan and Pakistani people , " the statement said . Assange declined to tell CNN where he got the documents . Jones ' statement said the website made "  no effort " to contact the Obama administration about the documents . "  The United States government learned from news organizations that these documents would be posted , " Jones ' statement said . Assange claims the documents reveal the "  squalor " of war , uncovering how many relatively small incidents have added up to huge numbers of dead civilians . The significance lies in "  all of these people being killed in the small events that we have n't heard about that numerically eclipse the big casualty events . It 's the boy killed by a shell that missed a target , " he told CNN . "  What we have n't seen previously is all those individual deaths , " he said . "  We 've seen just the number and , like Stalin said , ` One man 's death is a tragedy , a million dead is a statistic . ' So , we 've seen the statistic . " WikiLeaks publishes anonymously submitted documents , video and other sensitive materials after vetting them , it says . It claims never to have fallen for a forgery . Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , said in a statement Sunday that the documents -- regardless of how they came to light -- "  raise serious questions about the reality of America 's policy toward Pakistan and Afghanistan . " Wikileaks has previously made headlines for posting controversial videos of combat in Iraq . The site gained international attention in April when it posted a 2007 video said to show a U.S. helicopter attack in Iraq killing a dozen civilians , including two unarmed Reuters journalists . At the time , Maj. Shawn Turner , a U.S. military spokesman , said that "  all evidence available supported the conclusion by those forces that they were engaging armed insurgents and not civilians . " Pfc. Bradley Manning , 22 , suspected of leaking a classified 2007 video , has been charged by the U.S. military with eight violations of the U.S. Criminal Code for transferring classified data , according to a charge sheet released by the military earlier this month . Attempts to reach Manning 's military defense attorney , Capt. Paul Bouchard , were unsuccessful Sunday . However , U.S. Army spokesman Col. Tom Collins has said Bouchard would not speak to the media about the charges . Assange says WikiLeaks has attempted to put together a legal team to defend Manning , something it will do for any "  alleged " whistleblower that runs into legal trouble because of WikiLeaks . Assange -- a former teen hacker who launched the site in 2007 -- denies that WikiLeaks has put troops in danger . "  There certainly have been people who have lost elections as a result of material being on WikiLeaks , " he said . "  There have been prosecutions because of material being on WikiLeaks . There have been legislative reforms because of material being on WikiLeaks , " he said . "  What has not happened is anyone being physically harmed as a result . " The website held back about 15,000 documents from Afghanistan to protect individuals who informed on the Taliban , he said . But he said he hoped his website would be "  very dangerous " to "  people who want to conduct wars in an abusive way . " "  This material does n't just reveal occasional abuse by the U.S. military , " he said . "  Of course it has U.S. military reporting on all sort of abuses by the Taliban . ... So it does describe the abuses by both sides in this war and that 's how people can understand what 's really going on and if they choose to support it or not . " Assange said the organization gets material from whistle-blowers in a variety of ways -- including via postal mail -- vets it , releases it to the public and then defends itself against "  the regular political or legal attack . " He said the organization rarely knows the identity of the source of the leak . "  If we find out at some stage , we destroy that information as soon as possible , " he said . CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Afghan government said it 's "  shocked " by reports Former head of Pakistani intelligence says reports are lies Some documents allege Pakistan is aiding the insurgency , New York Times reports Senator says the documents "  raise serious questions " about foreign policy
CNN  -- A federal judge on Monday blocked implementation of a law that would have mandated tobacco companies include on cigarette packages graphic pictures and messages showing the dangers of smoking . "  This case poses a constitutional challenge to a bold new tact  sic  by the Congress , and the FDA , in their obvious and continuing efforts to minimize , if not eradicate , tobacco use in the United States , " concluded U.S. District Judge Richard J. Leon , who cited First Amendment rights against unconstitutionally compelled speech as a factor in his 29-page decision . "  Notwithstanding the potential legal and financial ramifications of this challenge , the Government , for reasons known only to itself , is unwilling to voluntarily stay the effective date of this Rule until the Judicial Branch can appropriately review the constitutionality of the Government 's novel -- and costly -- approach to regulating tobacco packaging and advertising . Thus , this Court must -- and will -- act to preserve the status quo until it can evaluate , on the merits  and without incurring irreparable harm to those companies genuinely affected  , the constitutionality of the commercial speech that these graphic images compel , " Leon wrote in his decision . Gallery : See the cigarette labels He said the tobacco companies had shown : a substantial likelihood of success ; that allowing the labeling requirements to proceed would cause them to "  suffer irreparable harm " ; that "  neither the Government , nor the public , will suffer any comparable injury as a result of the relief sought " ; and that the public 's "  interest in the protection of its First Amendment rights against unconstitutionally compelled speech would be furthered . " The 36 proposed images include a man exhaling smoke through a hole in his throat ; diseased lungs next to healthy lungs ; a mouth bearing what appear to be cancerous lesions ; a bare-chested male cadaver with chest staples down his torso . Opinion : Can scary labels , taxes end smoking ? Leon noted that the some of the pictures appeared to have been digitally enhanced or manipulated to make them "  evoke emotion " and are not therefore "  purely factual , " as the government had asserted . Though Congress mandated the images fill the top half of the front and back of cigarette packages , Leon said the dimensions suggest it was trying to turn cigarettes into mini-billboards intended not to impart information about smoking but "  to advocate a change in consumer behavior . " In a statement , Matthew L. Myers , the president of Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids , called the decision "  wrong on the science and wrong on the law " and called for the Justice Department to appeal . "  If allowed to stand , this ruling would make it impossible to implement any effective warning labels , " he said , adding that Leon 's ruling "  ignores the overwhelming scientific evidence about the need for the new cigarette warnings and their effectiveness " and ignores First Amendment precedent that supports the right of the government to require warning labels to protect public health . Myers noted that studies have shown that such graphic warnings are effective at "  informing consumers about the health risks of smoking , discouraging children and other nonsmokers from starting to smoke , and motivating smokers to quit . " FDA reveals bigger , graphic warning labels for cigarette packages At least 43 other countries require such cigarette box warnings , he said . The law on the labels was to have kicked in beginning next September . "  They serve the compelling goal of reducing the death and disease caused by tobacco use , which kills more than 400,000 Americans and costs the nation $ 96 billion in health care expenditures each year , " Myers said . Richard Daynard , a professor at Northeastern University Law School and head of the Tobacco Products Liability Project , said the case may not be resolved for years , and the matter is an urgent one . "  Even a relatively modest percentage improvement or a percentage reduction in initiation or continued use will potentially save tens of thousands of lives per year , " he said .	Judge cites First Amendment rights against unconstitutionally compelled speech Court acts "  to preserve the status quo , " he says Case may not be resolved for years , expert says More than 400,000 Americans die of tobacco-related disease each year
CNN  -- It was a promise the castaway made to a dying man : He vowed the man 's mother would learn how he perished and hear his last words . Jose Salvador Alvarenga flew from El Salvador to Mexico this week to keep his word -- more than a month after the stunning story of his survival at sea captured international attention . "  It 's a promise that we both had made , " Alvarenga said after landing in Mexico City , "  and now I 'm here to fulfill it . " Alvarenga was found in an atoll in the Marshall Islands in late January . He told authorities there he had drifted on a small fishing boat for 13 months all the way from Mexico , more than 6,000 miles away . As some hailed what seemed to be his miraculous survival and others said they doubted his story , there was a tragic side to the tale . His traveling companion , fellow fisherman Ezequiel Cordoba , 23 , had n't made it . Alvarenga said Cordoba had died four weeks into their ordeal because he could n't manage to drink turtle blood and eat raw fish . While Alvarenga , 37 , returned to his native El Salvador last month , Cordoba 's family was left demanding answers . This week , they got some . Roselia Diaz , Cordoba 's mother , said she was grateful that Alvarenga had traveled to the coastal Mexican town where she lives . "  For me , it would have been sadder if both had died , because I never would have known what happened to my son , " she said . "  So I 'm very happy to see him again . " Alvarenga told reporters that Cordoba often spoke about his mother . "  He told me a lot about her , that she was a very good person with everybody , and that she was very loving , " he said . Alvarenga also told Cordoba 's mother how the two fishermen passed the time while drifting in the open sea . Cordoba , an Evangelical Christian , told the Salvadoran fisherman about his faith as they both clung to the hope of being found alive and rescued in the middle of the Pacific Ocean . "  He taught me how to pray , " Alvarenga said . "  He taught me to sing . " The castaway said there were some things Cordoba told him that only the dead fisherman 's mother must know . "  To reveal them publicly , " he said , "  would be to betray his memory . " CNN 's Nick Parker and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Jose Salvador Alvarenga travels back to Mexico to visit his companion 's family The castaway 's survival at sea grabbed global attention ; his companion perished Alvarenga tells the fellow fisherman 's mother his final words Mother : "  I 'm very happy to see him again "
London  CNN  -- The "  shutter shades " most recently popularized by fashion-conscious rapper Kanye West are in the midst of a transformation from flash-in-the-pan style accessory to a clever technological learning aid that its makers hope will encourage more people to learn the art of computer coding . The Bright Eyes Kit contains a pair of glasses made entirely of circuit board and dotted with 174 LED 's tacked onto the front . "  You can control each individual LED , " explains Daniel Hirschmann , co-founder of Technology Will Save Us  TWSU  , the London based start-up behind the idea . The small array can display scrolling text , videos of flickering flames or generate any moving image that the user desires . "  Bright Eyes is our mission to convince people to learn how to program , " says Hirschmann , who expects that as more everyday items develop the capacity to send and receive data -- a trend sometimes referred to as the "  Internet of Things " -- the more important it will be that we know how to operate and adapt them . TWSU are following in the footsteps of Rasberry Pi , the $ 25 computer designed to encourage children to learn to code . But the flashing lights of The Bright Eyes Kit is an added incentive : learn code , and look cool in the process . "  Without the incentive we do n't have a convincing argument , so we thought let 's create  one  , " says Hirschmann . Importantly , users can choose how far they want to delve into the code , ranging from an introdcutory level drag-and-drop interface to full , line-by-line coding . As technology creeps inexorably into every crevice of our lives , a rudimentary understanding of computer code is seen by some as an essential life skill . For Zach Simms , co-founder of Code Academy , an interactive online resource that teaches programming , it has become as important as learning to read . "  Coding is 21st century literacy , " says Simms . "  With an economy in flux and a world in which everything is increasingly becoming revolutionized by technology , programming is becoming a core part of job competency . Even knowing basic programming and algorithms helps you throughout everyday life . " Unlike most products on the high street , Bright Eyes is built to be modified . As it is made entirely out of circuit board , users can solder components directly to it -- such as a light dependent resistor or a microphone to make it respond to sound . "  One of the first things people asked was if it could react to music . So we added a microphone as an added incentive , " says Hirschmann . TWSU describe themselves as a "  haberdashery for technology and education dedicated to helping people produce and not just consume technology . " Bright Eyes is their latest piece of kit seeking to fill the gap between the technology we own and what we know about how it works . "  We all realize at some point that we want to make the things in life that we care about , " says Hirschmann . "  We do n't actually want microwavable TV dinners -- we care about food . Food is just one example of that maker revolution . " Hirschmann thinks the growth of interactive new media has encouraged a move away from 20th century-style consumerism . "  YouTube was a big precipitating factor in that , " he says . "  All of a sudden people were not just consuming media , but creating it . " This so-called "  maker movement " has been credited with heralding a new industrial revolution , with community-run DIY workshops , often known as hackspaces , gaining increasing popularity . "  We do see ourselves as part of the maker revolution , " says Hirschmann . "  I think hackspaces are phenomenal , but they 're servicing a very small community . If you 're someone from the outside looking in , it can be a very frightening space . We 're not at all like that . " Hirschmann reckons his kit is more approachable , targeted at an entry level tinkerer : "  It 's really about opening the doorway to the world of technology and understanding what it is . It 's about giving people just enough , and making it easy enough , to tantalize them to jump in , and hopefully start swimming . " TWSU spoke at a "  makers " event in London last week alongside the creators of Sugru , local heroes of the maker revolution . Daniel Hirschmann thinks the movement is gaining momentum : "  We are part of this wave that is building . The maker revolution is like a paradigm shift in your own head . "	The Bright Eyes Kit DIY LED glasses teaches you basic programming , and makes you look cool too . Daniel Hirschmann , founder of Technology Will Save Us talks with CNN about his educational kits and his philosophy . Programming is as important today as literacy ; the maker movement is a "  paradigm shift " in thinking .
CNN  A Chilean girl 's plea via social media for an assisted suicide caught the attention of the person the teen thinks could make it happen : President Michelle Bachelet . Bachelet visited 14-year-old Valentina Maureira on Saturday after the girl 's video went viral and spurred debate in Chile about euthanasia . Valentina was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis when she was 6 . Her older brother died from the same disease . Cystic fibrosis is a life-threatening disease that damages the lungs and digestive system . Valentina 's family has already witnessed how the disease can be terminal . Valentina 's suffering includes vomiting and headaches that are constant , according to her father , Freddy Maureira . The teen recently posted a video on her Facebook page , asking Bachelet to allow her to end her life . "  I am tired of living with this sickness , " Valentina says in the video . "  Please authorize an injection so I can sleep forever . " Bachelet visited Valentina on Saturday for more than an hour at the hospital . The country 's minister of health also attended . During the visit , the President learned details about Valentina 's health , whose condition has reportedly slightly improved , CNN Chile reported . The teen thanked Bachelet for the visit , and her father said he is holding on to hope for a lung transplant for his daughter , according to CNN Chile . Before the visit , the President had already stated her position on the impossibility of an assisted suicide for the girl . Not even the President can agree to Valentina 's request because Chilean law does not allow euthanasia , Presidential spokesman Alvaro Elizaldo said . "  But what are we doing ? " Elizaldo said last week . "  The health ministry is in constant contact with Valentina 's family , and we will provide all the emotional and psychological support and medical treatment to improve her living conditions . " Valentina 's case has caused an overwhelming response on social media . People took to Facebook and Twitter to discuss the debate on assisted suicide . One Twitter user posed the question in a tweet : "  After the case of Valentina Maureira , should euthanasia be legal ? " Doctor Andres Castillo , chief of pediatrics at Catholic University 's Clinic Hospital , said that at the moment , Valentina 's condition is stable . " After her diagnosis , doctors expected her to live to about 17 , which would give her three and a half more years to live .	14-year-old Valentina Maureira suffers from cystic fibrosis In a video , she asks the President to allow her to have an assisted suicide
WEIMAR , Germany  CNN  -- A long narrow road winds through a thick forest up a hill called the "  Ettesberg , " on the outskirts of Weimar in central Germany . The ovens where tens of thousands of bodies were cremated are restored and working . The road goes on for miles through the forest , but every once in a while you see an old railway station , a tower , or an old structure withering in the German rain . This road was named "  the trail of blood , " by inmates of the infamous concentration camp Buchenwald , because of the death marches they were forced to undertake as they were deported to work as slave laborers for Nazi Germany 's defense industry from 1937 to 1945 . "  The trail of blood " leads straight to the entrance gate of the former concentration camp -- a structure with a huge iron gate in the middle , a tower with a clock above , and arrest cells in the building 's wings . U.S. troops saw the horror of the Nazi regime first hand when they came through this gate on April 11 , 1945 , and found camp inmates starved to the bone , many too weak to stand . "  We could n't even show our joy at this moment , which we had been waiting for so long , " said former inmate Zeev Factor , recalling the day American troops came to liberate the camp . Now the camp is getting ready to host President Obama , who has a special relationship with Buchenwald . His great-uncle Charlie Payne , 84 , helped liberate a sub-camp here when he was an infantryman fighting in World War II . "  The survivors see President Obama almost like a grandson of theirs , " said the director of the Buchenwald memorial , Volker Knigge , speaking just outside the front gate . "  The president is related to one of the brave men who came here and saw the Nazi horror first hand . The soldiers only had vague knowledge of what concentration camps actually were , but here they saw people too weak to survive , even after having been liberated . " Historians estimate that of the 20,000 inmates who were liberated by U.S. troops , 1,000 died shortly after because of exhaustion and the effects of years of starvation . It is easy to see why . Every building in the Buchenwald complex radiates death , suffering and evil . In the crematorium , where tens of thousands of bodies were burned , the ovens have been restored and are fully functional . In a cellar below the cremation room , meat hooks in the walls were used by SS guards to hang and strangle more than 1,000 inmates , many of them women and children . Obama will see these testimonies to the barbarism of the Nazis when he takes a tour of the camp with German Chancellor Angela Merkel . He will also meet some of the survivors who Volker Knigge says feel so close to this president .	President Obama visits Buchenwald concentration camp , Germany , on Friday His great-uncle helped liberate one of the complex 's sub-camps during WWII Director of Buchenwald camp memorial : Survivors see Obama as a grandson Obama will meet some camp survivors during his visit
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Serving a 36-year-old government-issue cake at an Army retirement ceremony sounds like a classic bureaucratic mistake , but there was no mistake about it . Retiring Army Col. Henry Moak uses a vintage P-38 to break the seal on government cake saved since 1973 . Retiring Army Col. Henry Moak served it up himself -- at his own ceremony . Moak had saved the cake since 1973 , when he got it while serving in Vietnam , and had long-standing plans to open it upon his retirement . Pound cake served in a can was standard fare in military C rations back then . Moak said it was his favorite , and he could not get enough of it . "  I would eat it any chance I could get , but not all of the meals came with pound cake , " he said before opening it . In front of friends and family who attended his retirement ceremony Friday at the Pentagon , Moak eagerly opened the can . Answering the question of whether the anticipation was the same now as back then , Moak said , "  Yes , even more ! " "  I wo n't eat it if it 's black and moldy , " he told onlookers . "  You can hear the pop of the air coming out , " he said referring to the vacuum seal on the can . To most people 's surprise , the opened can revealed a still-edible yellow cake . The ceremonial sword used to cut Moak 's real retirement cake was also used to dig into the can and cut out the cake . Moak took a bite and put up his thumb , "  It 's good , it 's still kind of moist , " he declared .	Retiring Army Col. Henry Moak treats himself to pound cake saved from 1973 Moak says he always liked the cake and "  would eat it any chance I could get " He saved the C ration goodie to have alongside traditional retirement cake
Beijing  CNN  -- China Tuesday blamed its neighbors for escalating tensions in the South China Sea , one day after the Vietnamese navy held a live-fire drill in disputed waters . "  Some countries took unilateral actions to impair China 's sovereignty and maritime rights and interests , released groundless and irresponsible remarks with the attempt to expand and complicate the disputes , " said Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei at a regular press briefing . Beijing and Hanoi have exchanged increasingly heated words in recent weeks , accusing each other of territorial intrusions in the South China Sea , which is claimed in whole or in part by China , Vietnam , the Philippines , Malaysia , Brunei and Taiwan . The vast area of waters , dotted with partially submerged atolls and reefs , contain some of the world 's busiest shipping lanes and are thought to hold large deposits of oil and natural gas . Hanoi authorities have announced a few recent incidents , charging that Chinese ships last week intentionally severed electric cables on Vietnamese survey vessels in Vietnamese waters . Beijing has countered that Vietnamese vessels have been illegally surveying in Chinese waters and harassing Chinese fishing boats . Computer hackers from both sides have also attacked websites in the other country , posting nationalistic images and messages , according to Chinese media reports . Although tensions flare up periodically among the various claimants of the disputed waters , the current situation is drawing more international attention amid China 's fast-growing political and military power . The United States officially stays neutral in the disputes , despite some Congressional calls for a more forceful stance to balance China 's clout . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , however , has expressed Washington 's willingness to facilitate multilateral talks on the issue . "  The United States has a national interest in freedom of navigation , open access to Asia 's maritime commons and respect for international law in the South China Sea , " she said last July at a regional security meeting in Hanoi . Chinese analysts see the United States using the South China Sea issue as a new way to contain China 's rise . "  The United States used to have Taiwan as its main bargaining chip in the region , " said Zhang Xizhen , a professor of Southeast Asian studies at Peking University . "  Now that tensions across the Taiwan Strait have calmed down , they are turning to the South China Sea . " "  Although the U.S. claimed neutrality on the issue , if conflicts arise in the area , they may use it as an excuse to intervene , " he added . The Beijing leadership balks at any notion of "  internationalizing " the dispute , in sharp contrast to a recent comment by Vietnamese officials welcoming foreign involvement . "  China always maintains that countries directly related to the issue should conduct bilateral negotiations and friendly consultations , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong said . "  China is trying to safeguard its own legitimate rights and interests , not infringing on other countries ' rights , " he added . "  Justice lies in the heart of the people . "	China and Vietnam are at odds over the South China Sea Six countries claim the sea in whole or in part The United States says it is neutral but has offered to mediate China rejects foreign intervention , but Vietnam has welcomed it
CNN  -- FIFA has asked the Italian Football Federation  FIGC  to investigate alleged comments from the front runner to become its next president that referred to African players as "  banana eaters . " Reports in Italy claim Carlo Tavecchio , who is currently the organization 's vice-president , made the remarks at a conference of Italy 's amateur leagues at the weekend . He touched on the debate that has followed Italy 's group stage exit at the recent World Cup in Brazil , with some suggesting there are too many foreign players operating in the country 's top league -- Serie A. Tavecchio made reference to the system in England , which has strict rules on players from outside the European Union . "  In England , they identify the players coming in and , if they are professional , they are allowed to play , " the 71-year-old was reported to have said by Reuters . "  Here instead we get ` Opti Poba '  a fictional player  who previously ate bananas and then suddenly becomes a first team player with Lazio . "  That 's how it is here . In England , you need to demonstrate what you have on your CV and your pedigree . " Tavecchio 's remarks prompted one of Italy 's leading clubs Fiorentina to say his bid to be FIGC president was no longer "  sustainable " while an online campaign set up by an Italian politician asked people to protest at his candidacy . World soccer 's governing body said on Tuesday it wanted the FIGC to investigate and stressed that tackling racism was one of its top priorities . Piara Powar , executive director of the Football Against Racism in Europe  FARE  , said it was little wonder some of Italy 's top clubs , and the country 's prime minister Matteo Renzi , have come out against Tavecchio 's presidency bid . "  It 's quite clear there is a strong public opinion focus on this guy and this idea he should not become president at any cost , " he told CNN . "  Unfortunately , the people that will vote him in later in August do n't necessarily share that view . "  To have someone who has said the sort of things that he 's said , said them in the way he 's said them , to become a president of one of the top five footballing countries in Europe really is going to be quite a big shock . " Tavecchio has been president of the Italian amateur football federation for more than a decade and has apologized twice since he made the remarks . But he retains support from big clubs like AC Milan and is thought to be winning the battle with his rival for the presidency , former Italy midfielder Demetrio Albertini . Although his comments are not enough for FIFA or its European counterpart UEFA to block his bid , Powar thinks they may act if he is elected . "  I imagine if he gets elected in two weeks ' time that FIFA and UEFA will start to lobby against him , " Powar added . "  Because how can he look people from African nations in eye , for example , within FIFA who he has already insulted through these words ? "  How can he possibly manage the national team when it has two or three black players but younger , emerging black players . "  The former FIGC president Giancarlo Abete had done a great deal to tackle racism , he was very strong and put in place some very innovative measures . "  I think the question is , where does this leave this very strong struggle , this real big problem that Italian football has had historically ? " The FIGC said they would not be commenting when contacted by CNN but FIFA made its position clear with a statement on Tuesday morning . It read : "  Media reports concerning alleged racist comments by one of the presidential candidates for the Italian FA have alerted FIFA 's Task Force against racism and discrimination and its chairman Jeffrey Webb . "  As such , FIFA has written a letter to the Italian FA asking it to take the appropriate steps to investigate and decide on this matter and report to FIFA . "  In the letter , FIFA reminded the Italian FA that the fight against racism is a top priority for FIFA . "  In 2013 , the FIFA Congress unanimously passed a strong resolution on the fight against racism and discrimination , which , among other measures , reminded the member associations about their obligation to put every effort into eliminating racism and discrimination in football . "  In its correspondence , FIFA also stressed that officials of the football community are expected to act as role models in the fight against racism . "	FIFA asks Italian soccer federation to investigate alleged racist remarks Carlo Tavecchio said to have referred to African players as "  banana eaters " Tavecchio running to be president of the Italian Football Federation in August Italian prime minister among those questioning his suitability for the role
Washington  CNN  -- The Pentagon has advised recruiting commands that they can accept openly gay and lesbian recruit candidates , given the recent federal court decision that bars the military from expelling openly gay service members , according to a Pentagon spokeswoman . The guidance from the Personnel and Readiness office was sent to recruiting commands on Friday , according to spokeswoman Cynthia Smith . The recruiters were told that if a candidate admits he or she is openly gay , and qualify under normal recruiting guidelines , their application can be processed . Recruiters are not allowed to ask candidates if they are gay as part of the application process . The notice also reminded recruiters that they have to "  manage expectations " of applicants by informing them that a reversal of the court decision might occur , whereby the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy could be reinstated , Smith said . Later Tuesday , U.S. District Court Judge Virginia Phillips in California denied the government 's request for an emergency stay of her order barring the military from enforcing its ban on gay men and lesbians serving openly . The government is now expected to go to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco . Groups representing gays and lesbians have warned against coming out to the military because the policy is still being appealed in courts . One group , the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network , sent a statement out Tuesday reiterating the concern . "  During this interim period of uncertainty , service members must not come out and recruits should use caution if choosing to sign up , " said SLDN Executive Director Aubrey Sarvis in the statement . "  The bottom line : if you come out now , it can be used against you in the future by the Pentagon . " Judge Phillips ' ruling on "  do n't ask , do n't tell " stemmed from a lawsuit by Log Cabin Republicans , a gay rights group , challenging the policy . Former Army Lt. Daniel Choi , an Iraq war combat veteran who challenged "  do n't ask , do n't tell " and was discharged , moved to rejoin the military Tuesday afternoon . "  I 'm here because I want to serve my country , " he said . "  In the recruiting station . Apparently I 'm too old for the Marines ! " he said in a tweet . "  Just filled out the Army application . " Choi said he told recruiters he was gay and that there was no reaction or delay in the enlistment process . He indicated he would complete his paperwork Wednesday and that he did not care what rank he would assume . Will Rodriguez-Kennedy , president of Log Cabin Republicans ' San Diego , California , office , tried Tuesday afternoon to be reinstated by the Marines . "  Once a Marine , always a Marine , " said Rodriguez-Kennedy , a corporal who was honorably discharged in February 2008 . He served three years of a four-year term . "  It 's a feeling of not having completed a full tour , " he said . Recruiters told him Tuesday there were no current slots and they would call him in January , Rodriguez-Kennedy told CNN . One option is to join another branch of the service , but Rodriguez-Kennedy said he might now speak with Marine officers or get legal help . Reinstatement would allow him to keep the corporal rank and resume benefits . Rodriguez-Kennedy , 23 , served as a provisional military police officer in Iraq in 2007 . He said he was open to new responsibilities . "  I love the Marine Corps , " he told CNN . CNN called several recruiting stations in New York and Chicago . They referred inquiries to the Pentagon . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy , Vivienne Foley and Phil Gast contributed to this report	NEW : Judge reaffirms ruling allowing gays and lesbians into military Recruiting stations are not asking about sexual orientation The Pentagon says given the ruling , recruiters can accept gay and lesbian candidates
CNN  -- The bow of a U.S. Navy warship that grounded on a Philippine reef in January was cut from the rest of the hull on Tuesday , lifted by a massive crane and dropped on a waiting barge . "  The bow section of the USS Guardian was lifted out of the water around 2:45 p.m. , " said Enrico Efren Evangelista , head of the Philippine coast guard Palawan District , according to the official Philippine News Agency . "  The lifting of the first large hull section was a significant accomplishment . Each of these sections weigh about 250 tons , " Capt. Mark Matthews , supervisor of the salvage operation , said in a U.S. Navy 7th Fleet blog post . The hull will be removed in four sections , the Navy said . "  Preparing the ship for this sectioning has been extremely challenging . We have had to painstakingly clear about a two-foot path inside the ship , removing everything that is in our way , " Matthews said . "  Once the path is clear , the hull cutting is done manually by Navy divers and salvage contractors using chainsaws and reciprocating saws , and some of this cutting is underwater using hydraulically driven tools . " Big parts coming off ship on reef The removal of the bow of the U.S. Navy minesweeper was followed by that of the ship 's auxiliary engine room , a 200-ton piece that was removed Wednesday afternoon . With the removal of the two sections , about 900 tons of the formerly 1,312-ton warship remain on Tubbataha Reef , the news agency reported . The U.S. Navy expects the Guardian to be completely removed from the reef by the second week of April , Evangelista said . It was decommissioned and stricken from the naval registry on February 15 . The minesweeper ran onto the reef on January 17 . An investigation into the grounding is ongoing , but Navy officials said in January that the U.S. National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency , which prepares the digital navigation charts used by the Navy , has reported the location of the reef was misplaced on a chart by nine miles . Tubbataha Reef , a UNESCO World Heritage Site , is home to about 500 species of fish , 350 species of coral as well as whales , dolphins , sharks , turtles and breeding seabirds , according to UNESCO . The Guardian is estimated to have damaged about 4,000 square meters  about 43,000 square feet  of the reef . The Navy has pledged to clean up the debris created when waves stripped off pieces of fiberglass covering the wooden hull of the ship and to try to restore the reef as much as possible . Philippine officials said that the country would seek compensation for reef damage . Harry K. Thomas Jr. , the U.S. ambassador to the Philippines , has assured Filipinos that the United States "  will provide appropriate compensation for damage to the reef caused by the ship . "	Two huge chunks of USS Guardian have been removed from the reef U.S. Navy minesweeper has been on reef since January 17 Ship is expected to be completely removed by mid-April , official says
CNN  -- An evangelical preacher killed his wife several years ago and stuffed her body in a freezer after she caught him abusing their daughter , according to police and court documents . Anthony Hopkins appeared in court Thursday to face murder , rape and incest charges . Anthony Hopkins , 37 , was arrested Monday night at the Inspirational Tabernacle Church of God in Christ in Jackson , Alabama , just after he had delivered a sermon to a congregation that included his seven other children , officials said . He faces charges including murder , rape , sodomy , sexual abuse and incest . Hopkins was denied bail Thursday when he appeared before Mobile County District Judge George Hardesty . The case is set for arraignment next week , Hardesty 's clerk said . The case began Monday , when the daughter , now 19 , went to the Mobile Police Department 's Child Advocacy Center and reported that she had been sexually abused by Hopkins since she was 11 years old , according to an affidavit filed in support of a search warrant of the preacher 's home in Mobile . The affidavit related the daughter 's story as follows : Her mother , Arletha Hopkins , 36 , caught her father abusing her in a bathroom in November 2004 . Afterward , her parents argued , and her mother locked her father out of the house . The father came to the daughter 's window and asked her to let him in , and she did so . The next morning , her father asked her to help him hide her mother 's body in the freezer in the laundry room of the home . The girl said she moved out of the home about two weeks ago and was living with a neighbor . She told police that her mother 's body was still in the freezer . When authorities went to the home , no one was there , as Hopkins and the other children were at the church . A body was found in the freezer , the affidavit says . Although police think the body is that of Arletha Hopkins , an identification is not expected until early next week , Mobile Police spokesman Officer Eric Gallichant said Thursday . Watch Nancy Grace 's report " Mobile Police Chief Phillip Garrett had said that an identification and autopsy results would take a few days : "  obviously , the body was in a freezer . " He said he was not sure of the body 's condition or whether it was intact , as upon seeing the body , authorities immediately sealed the chest-type freezer . The body had been covered in the unit , he said , and the entire appliance was taken to the state Department of Forensic Science . At the Inspirational Tabernacle Church of God in Christ , Hopkins was preaching at a revival , pastor Beverly Jackson told CNN affiliate WKRG . His message , she said , was about forgiveness and not passing judgment -- and at one point , he turned to his seven children and asked them to forgive him his past , present and future . Police allowed Hopkins to finish his sermon before arresting him , Jackson said . She said she asked police why they were arresting him and was told , "  he murdered his wife . " She said Hopkins had told her his wife died four years ago while giving birth to their youngest son . Attempts to reach Jackson on Thursday were unsuccessful . Authorities moved quickly on the daughter 's accusations to make sure the children still in the household were OK , Garrett said . They were placed in the custody of child welfare authorities . The next-oldest child is a 17-year-old female , he said . All eight were the children of Arletha Hopkins , and Anthony Hopkins fathered six of them , he said . An investigation has not found any record of Arletha Hopkins ' existence since 2004 , according to the affidavit . Asked how long police think the body had been in the freezer , Garrett said , "  I 'm thinking that she 's probably been there for a number of years . " He said Anthony Hopkins did not have a regular church but apparently preached in various areas around the South . "  Part of the mystery here is that , apparently , none of these children were in school " but were being home-schooled , Mobile County District Attorney John Tyson said . "  Home schooling , under this situation , removes almost any chances of us catching up with these kinds of things until there is a catastrophe . " Pastor Jerry Porter said he used to preach with Hopkins at his church , the Williams Street Holiness Church , and knew the family . Arletha Hopkins "  was very quiet , " he told Mobile television station and CNN affiliate WPMI . "  She was kind of secluded . She 'd talk , but not much . " Anthony Hopkins , he said , made statements that led him to believe all was not well at home . "  He always used to tell me ... ` You 're blessed in the fact that you have a wife that supports you and what you 're trying to do for God , ' " Porter said . He said Arletha Hopkins disappeared shortly after the couple 's youngest child was born . As rumors swirled , Porter said , he confronted Hopkins and asked whether his wife was dead . Hopkins "  would n't give me an answer , " he said . After that , Porter said , he banned him from the church but remained on good terms with him . He said he visited the family a few years ago , and their home was clean and well-kept . "  It was the ideal family . I mean , the children were so respectful , just so easygoing , " Porter said . "  Did n't seem to be no stress at all . Never got that impression , never . " The children , he said , "  loved their dad . They were very close to him . " Of Hopkins ' preaching ability , Porter said , "  he was a bulls-eye prophet . If he told you something , you could pretty much bank on it . "	NEW : Anthony Hopkins denied bail at initial court appearance Preacher is charged with murder , rape , sodomy , sexual abuse and incest He was arrested after delivering sermon at his Alabama church Case began when daughter told police she 'd been sexually abused
Serie A side Napoli have completed the signing of Argentine international Gonzalo Higuain from Real Madrid . A statement on the Spanish club 's website published Saturday confirmed that the 25-year-old striker was on his way to Italy . "  Real Madrid C. F. announces that Gonzalo Higuain has been transferred to Naples , " read the statement . "  The club would like to express their gratitude for his years of dedication and professionalism , and wishes him luck in this new step . " Higuain , who is reported to have cost Napoli in the region of $ 50 million , spent six-and-a-half seasons at the Bernabeu and scored a total of 107 goals in 187 appearances . The Argentine joins a growing list of new signings as Napoli 's new manager Rafa Benitez prepares for an assault on both the Serie A title and the Champions League . Striker Jose Callejon and defender Raul Albiol both joined the Italian club from Madrid earlier this month while Belgian international winger Dries Mertens signed from Dutch club PSV Eindhoven in June . Benitez has also signed Liverpool goalkeeper Jose Reina on a one-year loan deal . Higuain is expected to fill the void left by last season 's top scorer in Serie A Edinson Cavani . The Uruguayan striker , who scored 29 goals for Napoli last term , joined French champions Paris Saint Germain earlier this month in a deal worth a French record $ 64 million  $ 84 million  .	Argentine striker moves to Serie A following six-and-a-half years at the Bernabeu Higuain scored 107 times in 187 matches for Real Madrid Napoli looking to bolster squad for assault on both Serie A and Champions League
CNN  -- Jenna Nielsen was 22 years old , 8 1/2 months pregnant and looking forward to bringing her third child into the world when her life came to a violent and abrupt end on June 14 , 2007 . Jenna Nielsen was driving her newspaper route when she was stabbed to death two years ago . She was working her new job on a newspaper delivery route she 'd taken to help her young family make ends meet . That 's when police say she was stabbed to death in front of a convenience store in Raleigh , North Carolina -- a crime that has police and family members still looking for answers . Marking the two-year anniversary of his wife 's death , with no arrests and no named suspects announced by police , Tim Nielsen can only shake his head when he ponders who may have targeted his wife . "  I believe she was just at the wrong place at the wrong time , " said Nielsen , who has returned to his native Utah , where his family helps him raise his two children -- Schyler , 5 , and Kaiden , 2 . "  My wife had no enemies . " Watch an update " Police say that two years ago last Sunday , Nielsen arrived at the AmeriKing Food Mart about 3:30 a.m. to deliver papers . She 'd parked and just finished loading the newspaper vending machine when she was attacked on the way back to her car . Nielsen was stabbed in the neck . Two of her car doors were left open and her purse and car keys were still inside , police said . Authorities will not publicly speculate on a motive . But Jenna 's family believes the attack may have been an attempted sexual assault and that Jenna fought back . Investigators say they have received thousands of tips and interviewed hundreds of people , but they still do n't have a clear picture of a suspect . Laura Hourigan , spokeswoman for the Raleigh Police Department , said investigators remain confident the case can be solved . "  This case is actively being investigated still , " she said . "  But we have a few missing pieces and hope for the public 's help . " Early in their investigation , the police released a composite sketch obtained from two witnesses who saw the attacker fleeing the scene of the crime . But they have since backed away from the image , saying it was misleading people . They describe Nielsen 's attacker as a short , slightly built man in his late teens or early 20s with black hair pulled back into a long ponytail . He was wearing a dark sleeveless shirt and baggy blue jeans shorts , according to witnesses . Shortly after Nielsen 's death , a knife was found by a homeless man not far from the scene of the crime . Police wo n't comment on whether the knife might be the murder weapon . There has been other evidence collected . "  They found DNA , but I ca n't say more than that , " Tim Nielsen said . Other members of Nielsen 's family quote police as saying they have DNA evidence from the killer , but have not been able to match it with anyone they 've interviewed over the years . The family has stayed active in keeping Nielsen 's case in the public eye . They 've held "  Vigils Against Violence " the last Sunday of every month and maintain justice4jenna.org , a Web site devoted to her memory and to the effort to track down her killer . "  It 's hard to believe that it has been two years since someone selfishly stole you from our family , " reads the site 's home page . "  There is n't a day that goes by that you and Ethen -LSB- the name planned for her unborn child -RSB- are not in our thoughts . "  Schyler and Kaiden are growing so fast . They look like you , act like you and laugh like you -- for that we are able to see you each and every day through them . Schyler asks about you often and helps Kaiden remember Mommy . " The family also have been advocates for the so-called Unborn Victims of Violence Act , state legislation that would create a fetal homicide law in North Carolina . Currently , state law does not consider a killing a double homicide when an expectant mother is slain . Jenna Nielsen 's father , Kevin Blaine , takes every chance he can to plead for help from the public "  Help find the people that did this to her , " he said . "  The person who did this is still out there . " The family is offering a $ 15,000 reward for the arrest and conviction of the individual responsible for Nielsen 's murder . Anyone with any information on this crime is asked to call the Raleigh Police Department at 919 227-6220 .	Jenna Nielsen was eight months pregnant when she was stabbed to death Nielsen , 22 , was delivering papers at a convenience store at 3:30 a.m. Police have described a suspect ; family says they have DNA evidence Know something ? Call 919 227-6220 . A reward is offered
CNN  -- For foreign executives , doing business for the first time in India can be a bewildering experience . There 's the new -- different business customs , bureaucracy and the dizzying scale of the population -- but also the familiar . "  You 'll likely be dealing with people who speak the Queen 's English , and who graduated from top Western universities , " said Jitendra Singh , a management professor at the University of Pennsylvania 's Wharton School . "  You can get lulled into a false sense of security -- "  but for people dressing a little different and talking a little different , they are just like me , ' " he said . "  That 's a completely false premise . There are all kinds of nuances in the culture , implicit cultural norms that we do n't know about until we run afoul of them . " As the world 's second most populous nation , with more than one billion people , India is projected to become one of its biggest economies . It is tipped by PricewaterhouseCoopers to nearly draw level with the United States by 2050 . "  For companies with any kind of global interest , the writing is on the wall that they need to have a strategy for India , " said Singh . Read more : Doing business in China But Singh said that for Western companies rushing to enter the Indian marketplace , it needs to be recognized that the country is a very different proposition -- both in terms of business practices and consumer preferences -- and must be treated accordingly . "  One of the common pitfalls in addressing the Indian marketplace is simply dusting off something you might offer in your home market , " he said . "  Indian consumers are very different -- enormously value conscious and very , very finicky . " Holding to too high a price point could be fatal for foreign businesses , as Indian consumers have less capacity to pay than Western consumers . But by making their products affordable to the mass market , businesses put them within reach of hundreds of millions of potential consumers . The companies that fare best in the Indian market are those that customize their products to the particular preferences of Indian consumers , according to Singh . A case in point was the success of Korean auto manufacturers , he said . "  In the West , it 's almost unheard of to have a driver , " said Singh . "  But in India , labor markets being what they are , you can get a full time driver for a relatively modest wage , and even with a small car , you may want a chauffeur . This will clearly have ramifications for the design of the car -- the customer wants more space in the back . " Business practices are also different in India , and many foreign businesses underestimate the bureaucratic hurdles they will encounter , according to Pawan Budhwar , associate Dean of Research at Aston Business School and co-author of "  Doing Business in India : Building Research-Based Practice . " The secret , he said , was to factor in a realistic amount of time for delays . "  If the website of the ministry says it will take 13 weeks to get the required certificate , it 's not realistic it will take 13 weeks , " he said . Budhwar said that often the reason for the bottlenecks was bureaucrats expecting a pay off . "  That 's why they 're delaying things , although no one will say this out loud , " he said . "  If you have a local player , they can perhaps better handle local dynamics like this . " Budhwar said that within "  modern sectors " such as IT , software and pharmaceuticals , and developed business enclaves such as those in Gurgaon , Pune and Hyderabad , levels of professionalism were often in line with international business expectations . "  People will stick to meeting times , deadlines , promises ; they will mean business , " he said . But he added that dealing with the public sector and trade unions could be a different story . Read more : Is your boss a psychopath ? Singh said another area where foreign executives could encounter turbulence was in failing to appreciate the relationship-based focus of Indian business . "  The U.S. is a much more transaction-oriented society , " he said . "  When you 're doing business , you 're there to talk about a particular transaction , and you either do it or you do n't . But Indian business is still very much relationship-based . Sometimes being too transaction-oriented can be not a smart way to go . " Singh 's advice ? "  Do a lot of homework and figure out who might be the right people to deal with . There 's a very tight network at the top of Indian business , and you need to get access to that network in order to succeed . Finding the right partners can be key , but you need to be diligent . " Budhwar said the key to succeeding in India was to be prepared by tapping into the networks and resources that can provide information on the subject , thereby going in with realistic expectations . "  Have persistence , and do n't give up , " he said . "  The mileage to get into India is great . Do n't expect it to be a smooth ride , expect it to be irritating . But once you 're there , you 'll enjoy it -- and you 'll make a lot of money as well . "	India is projected to become one of the world 's biggest economies in coming decades Experts say its business practices are very different from the West To succeed in India , products need to be specifically tailored to the local consumer Plenty of time needs to be factored in for bureaucratic delays
CNN  -- When you look to buy airline tickets later this week , it might seem like prices have shot up . For once , that 's not actually the case . Higher advertised fares are the result of new Department of Transportation rules that are going into effect under the banner "  Enhancing Airline Passenger Protections # 2 . " Higher prices shown up front is one of the four main changes that you 'll see when the the new rules go into effect starting Tuesday , so let 's talk about what will happen . Full fare advertising On some airline websites and in ads , you 've probably seen fares displayed as a certain amount plus taxes and fees . That 's a pretty common thing throughout society , but the DOT has decided that it 's unacceptable for airline travelers . Beginning Thursday , the advertised price has to be the total price including any mandatory per passenger taxes and fees . Let 's say that there 's a sale for $ 59 each way between Los Angeles and San Francisco . Now , the airline can advertise it as $ 59 each way plus taxes and fees . On Thursday , it will have to be shown as $ 69.80 each way . This applies to advertisements , but more importantly , it applies to reservation websites . They can no longer show just the base fare in the search results . This may seem a little strange since it 's not the case in other industries . Hotels still show base rate before taxes and fees , for example . But this is how the DOT wants the airline industry to work . Wondering what exactly is included in this new fare ? Fuel surcharges must be included in the rate  as has been the case for years anyway  and any mandatory fees . Of course , most of the fees people see adding up today are optional fees , like baggage charges , and those can still be broken out . There are , however , a slew of regulations impacting them as well . Fees become more prominent and standardized The DOT has decided to regulate optional fee disclosure to make pricing clearer , but unfortunately , the new rules might end up doing the exact opposite . A couple of things make good sense . If there is a change in bag fees or baggage allowances , the airlines must prominently display a link to the change on their homepages for at least three months . Airlines will also have to make available a complete list of rates for all optional services , from pillows to food and drinks . While airlines have to get into specifics for bag fees , the rest can be listed in ranges of fees , making the information somewhat less useful . These changes sound good , but then the DOT steps up disclosure where it might hit the point of overload . Under the new rules , anytime a fare quote is given , airlines have to let passengers know that "  bag fees may apply . " In addition , when a ticket is purchased , the airline must include in the e-ticket receipt , a complete list of all possible bag fees and allowances . That means detailing different rules for elite frequent fliers , different rules by class of service , etc. . If you 're wondering where they 'll put it , it will undoubtedly go into the fine print at the bottom that nobody reads anyway because there are already too many disclosures down there . One actual victory for travelers here centers around which bag fees get charged when a traveler is booked on codesharing airlines for trips beginning or ending in the U.S. Today , if you buy a ticket on , say , American , but your first flight is on its codeshare partner Etihad , then the baggage rules on Etihad usually apply . The new rule means that the policies of the marketing airline , in this case American , apply regardless of who is operating the flight . That sounds good , but in practice it 's going to be very difficult to implement and enforce . No more opt-out If you 've ever bought a ticket from an ultra low-cost airline like Allegiant or Spirit , you might have found yourself frustrated by the dreaded "  opt-out " procedure . You know how it works . The travel insurance or some other optional service might be automatically checked . If you do n't want it , you have to uncheck it before you continue or it will be charged . This rule makes that illegal going forward . All optional services will be "  opt-in " only . No price increases after you buy This might sound silly , but fares can no longer be increased after tickets have been purchased . Has this been a problem ? No . But it does prevent Allegiant from doing something that travelers might have liked . Allegiant had discussed the idea of giving travelers the choice of two fares . One would be higher , but would not change . The other would be lower , but would go up if the price of fuel went up . So it would simply tie a piece of the fare to the cost of fuel . If people wanted to take a gamble on fuel prices , they could buy the lower fares . That , however , is no longer an option . But it really is minor since the option was n't yet offered anyway . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Brett Snyder .	New rules require airlines to roll mandatory taxes and fees into advertised fares Optional fees must be more clearly listed , which Snyder says may create confusion Baggage fees will be subject to more stringent disclosure rules
CNN  -- Tamara Rojo is so often described as the greatest dance actress of her generation , it might possibly be true . Prima ballerina with London 's prestigious Royal Ballet for over a decade , the Spaniard 's presence on a cast list is guaranteed to fill any theater in London , New York or Paris . Her graceful adagio combinations and perfectly formed arabesques may have wowed audiences across the globe , but how would the 37-year-old fare when parachuted into a dance culture she 'd never encountered ? This was the challenge for Rojo 's "  Fusion Journey . " Over the course of 10 days , the classically trained ballerina traveled from London to Beijing to immerse herself in the traditions of Chinese dance and create a brand-new piece inspired by this meeting of east and west . Guided on her trip by a local rising star of Chinese contemporary dance , 34-year-old choreographer Fei Bo , Rojo said the experience will change how she thinks about performance forever . In her own words , this is the story of her journey . Tamara Rojo : Ballet affects everything I do . On a physical level it impacts what I eat and drink , how much I sleep , when I go out . But it also affects how I see the world . When I read a book , watch television , go to the theater , I think to myself : "  How can I assimilate that into my art form ? How would that be translated on the stage into a ballet ? " This is one of the reasons why the thought of traveling to Beijing was so exciting for me . Classic ballet is based on very particular notions of beauty , much of which is derived from the Greek concept of harmony : Nothing too much or too little , all in perfect proportion , everything in a good relation to everything else . See also : See Beijing 's hidden culture , before the bulldozers get there But of course , other art forms and cultures have quite different notions of beauty . The first thing I noticed about the Chinese ballet is that it is much more influenced by philosophy than physicality -- there was a lot more emphasis on meaning . These ideas are typically expressed with little gestures of the hand or head . Such movements might not be the most beautiful to my eye , but because they have a shared cultural meaning -- a meaning that is understood by onlookers because it is part of their tradition -- it 's beautiful to them . One of the main challenges I experienced out there was trying to understand this complicated and subtle language . While I could always admire Chinese and Asian dance from a distance , I felt that I could never really understand the depth of meaning -- and everything that comes with it -- until immersing myself in the culture first hand . I discovered that Chinese ballet is a relatively young art form . It was introduced by Madam Mao during the Cultural Revolution  1966-76  and , until recently , it was used as a form of propaganda for the communist regime -- with communist heroines being saved by communist heroes and so on . But that part of history is viewed with mistrust by the younger generation , so at the moment ballet is going through a sort of reinvention . What 's really surprising is that the youth of China are now obsessed with incorporating traditions from before the revolution . Unfortunately , a lot of that has been lost , and when they ca n't find what they 're looking for , they invent it . So what they call classical Chinese dance is really only 10 or 20 years old and has bits of traditional ballet , a little bit of Kung Fu , a bit of contemporary dance , a bit of everything . After a mere two days immersed in Chinese culture , Fei Bo and I combined our influences from east and west to create something new : a fusion of dancing cultures . See also : Keeping the world 's greatest dancers on their toes The piece was choreographed by Fei Bo . He wanted to create something about a philosopher who had a dream and when he woke up he was n't sure what reality was anymore . And then I remembered a very famous Spanish play by Pedro Calderon de la Barca called " La Vida es Sueno " which means "  Life is a Dream . " And it was funny that exactly the same saying exists in Chinese , in Spanish and in English , so we thought that it was the perfect fusion , the perfect combination of cultures for the title . While the choreography was made by Fei Bo , the interpretation was made by me . Imagine a performance of Hamlet by a Chinese theater company ; the actors would interpret the text through their traditions and what they know acting is supposed to be , but those words are still , of course , intrinsically English . So , in a sense , it would n't be English and it would n't be Chinese . My performance of "  Life is a Dream " is just the same . I was doing steps created by a Chinese contemporary choreographer and I am a classically trained European dancer , so my interpretation is where the fusion occurred . I 'm not going to pretend that in one week I understand all the depth of Chinese culture or that I can really move my hands like a traditional Chinese dancer -- that would be naÃ ¯ ve and arrogant of me . However , I found that the need for human beings to understand the world through art and story telling is universal ; we just have different vocabularies . I like to think that , in the future , my own performances will be enriched by new ways of communicating .	Royal Ballet principal ballerina Tamara Rojo travels to Beijing to create dance fusion On journey Rojo seeks to understand different cultural notions of beauty She explains how her interpretation of Chinese dance creates synthesis of east and west
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Beginning December 1 , Mexico City plans to hand out free medicine to elderly men with erectile dysfunction , the local government said . Medications such as Viagra , Levitra or Cialis reportedly will be offered under medical supervision . "  Everyone has the right to be happy , " said Marcelo Ebrard Casaubon , governor of the federal district that encompasses the Mexican capital . "  We have to protect people -- senior citizens above all , " he said in a statement Thursday . "  Many of them are abandoned and lack money . They do n't have medical services , and a society that does n't care for its senior citizens has no dignity . " The government said it plans to offer Viagra , Levitra or Cialis -- medication used to treat erectile dysfunction -- under adequate medical supervision . It cited figures saying that 70 percent of elderly men suffer from the condition . To obtain the medicine , men must first undergo a "  very , very detailed " medical check to screen for and possibly treat ailments such as hypertension and diabetes , the government said . Centers in Mexico City also will offer a variety of treatment to elderly men and women .	Elderly men in Mexico City must undergo medical screening first Free medicine will be out handed out to those with erectile dysfunction in December "  Everyone has the right to be happy , " official says Figures show 70 percent of elderly men suffer from condition , local government says
Harold Holzer , co-chairman of the U. S. Lincoln Bicentennial Commission , is the author of the new book , "  Lincoln President-Elect : Abraham Lincoln and the Great Secession Winter 1860-1861 " and author , co-author or editor of 32 other books . Harold Holzer says Obama represents validation of Lincoln 's hope of equal opportunity for all . NEW YORK  CNN  -- They are big shoes to fill by any standard , political or historical . Pointing to his oversize , specially made boots , Abraham Lincoln once confided that he may have been slow to put his foot down , but once he did , he never went back . That 's a lesson worth learning for any president-elect . And few incoming chief executives have been as conscious of the 16th president as the 44th : Barack Obama . The new president-elect wrote about Lincoln in his acclaimed books . He not only chose to announce his candidacy for the presidency on Lincoln 's birthday , in 2006 , but did so outside the Old State Capitol in Springfield , Illinois , where Lincoln delivered his famous "  House Divided " speech in 1858 and where he had his headquarters as president-elect . The myriad comparisons between the two skinny , big-eared Illinoisans -- Obama 's own fond description -- are already entering the realm of modern legend . Both were believed too inexperienced to be president . See iReporters don stovepipe hats to pay tribute to Lincoln Both were long-shot underdogs for their party 's nomination . Yet each went on not only to win , but to nominate the defeated party favorite  who happened to be a senator from New York  as secretary of state . William H. Seward was Lincoln 's choice , Hillary Clinton is Obama 's . But of course there are substantial differences : Lincoln got his education "  by littles , " he once embarrassingly admitted , spending less than a year all told in primitive one-room schoolhouses . Obama was superbly educated at Columbia University and Harvard Law . One man was a Republican , the other is a Democrat . And while Barack Obama scored an impressive victory , the nation divided bitterly over Lincoln 's 39 percent plurality in a four-person race , to the degree that the Electoral College validation remained in question -- much more like Bush vs. Gore -- as late as February 1861 , while seven Southern states seceded rather than accept a Lincoln presidency . Yet fascinating similarities predominate . Both men wrote best-selling books  yes , Lincoln , too : he brought out a hugely popular edition of his Lincoln-Douglas debates  . Both won fame through their transcendent oratory . Both got into political trouble over their church affiliations -- Lincoln for leaving his church too soon , Obama for not leaving soon enough . Both refused to take pets along to the White House , but promised to shower their small children with pets once they arrived  the Lincolns left their mangy dog Fido behind and President-elect Obama has vowed to get a dog for his girls once settled in Washington  . He might have to do better . Willie and Tad Lincoln eventually obtained kittens , turkeys and ponies . And here is another fascinating side story . Both men felt the need to make one final visit -- before their life-altering presidencies -- for reunions with the women , neither one a natural mother , who helped raise them . Obama , of course , went back to Honolulu to see his gravely ill grandmother right before Election Day ; Lincoln , right before Inauguration Day , visited rural Charleston , Illinois , to say goodbye to his aged stepmother -- who wound up outliving him . But most extraordinary of all , surely , is the fact that Barack Obama 's victory serves to help complete the "  unfinished work " Abraham Lincoln spoke about in his Gettysburg Address : that America fulfill its dream of equal opportunity regardless of race . Lincoln , of course , advanced black freedom and black voting rights ; Obama represents the validation of those elusive aspirations . It is not difficult to understand why so many Americans see Barack Obama as the second coming -- of Abraham Lincoln , if not more . Lincoln once declared , "  We can not escape history , " and after years of national indifference to , or defiance of , the lessons of the past , our next president seems to love , comprehend , and use the past to illuminate the future . iReport.com : Can you speak like Lincoln ? Comparisons can invite problems , too . On his triumphant election night , Obama properly noted that Lincoln faced a crisis far graver than our own , then quoted Lincoln 's hope that "  while passion may have strained , it must not break our bonds of affection . " Those words came right out of Lincoln 's first inaugural address . But in fact they were written not by Lincoln himself -- rare for America 's greatest writer-president -- but by his incoming Secretary of State Seward . Lincoln later performed an editing miracle to transform the draft into near-poetry . Using this lesson , Obama should be asking Hillary Clinton for a draft . But that probably wo n't happen . Sometimes reality trumps even history . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Harold Holzer .	Harold Holzer : Obama has much in common with Lincoln , the 16th president He says the two were underdog candidates , authors , famed orators Yet Holzer says there are many differences in their stories Holzer : Obama represents validation of Lincoln 's hope of equal opportunity
CNN  -- A woman facing possible stoning and one of her lawyers argue that Iran is mischaracterizing the status of adultery and murder charges against her . Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani and attorney Hootan Kian say even though Ashtiani was cleared of her husband 's murder five years ago , Iran continues to insist she was found guilty . "  They 're lying , " Ashtiani told the Guardian newspaper through an intermediary Friday . "  They are embarrassed by the international attention on my case and they are desperately trying to distract attention and confuse the media so that they can kill me in secret . " Iran suspended the death by stoning after there was international outcry over the sentence , but may reinstate it in coming days . "  I was found guilty of adultery -LSB- in 2006 -RSB- and was acquitted of murder , but the man who actually killed my husband was identified and imprisoned but he is not sentenced to death , " Ashtiani said . She insists Iran wants her stoned because she is a woman . In a letter written to the International Committee against Stoning and sent Saturday to CNN , Kian argued the Iranian judicial system has mishandled Ashtiani 's case . "  If murder was proven , my client would have been executed and there would have been no need to stone her to death , " Kian wrote . "  Based on Islamic Penal Code , the punishments for murder and adultery should have been combined in one case and sentence and handled by Branch 12 of the Tabriz Province Court . Whereas this was not the case . The branch has no records of sentencing my client to murder . " Last month , Malek Ajdar Sharifi , who is the head of the judiciary of East Azerbaijan province , said Ashtiani 's crimes were "  numerous " and said she was "  convicted of adultery and murder and was sentenced to death , " according to the official news agency IRNA . "  Because of morality and ethics , I can not go into the details of the crimes , but if the public knew , they would understand the criminal nature of them , " he said , according to IRNA . "  But she killed her husband , brutally and gruesomely , and the detective on the scene said that if she had beheaded her husband it would have been better than what they actually saw . " Ashtiani , 43 , a mother of two , is being held in a Tabriz prison . Iran 's judiciary could reinstate her sentence of death by stoning , execute her by other means , or possibly even grant her a reprieve , according to human rights groups . Mina Ahadi , spokeswoman for the International Committee against Stoning , said if Ashtiani is executed , "  it is entirely political . It has nothing to do with the case itself . " "  Now that Iran is under this international pressure , they have brought the case up that convicts her of the murder of her husband , " Ahadi said Saturday . Kian 's letter said the man actually convicted in the death of Ashtiani 's husband , "  admitted in the branch that he administered the electrifying of Mr. -LSB- Ebrahim -RSB- Ghaderzadeh himself with his own hands three times and each time the deceased received electrical shock . " The lawyer also challenged the adultery conviction . "  It completely violated the spirit of the laws of the Islamic Republic , " Kian writes . Ashtiani 's other lawyer , Mohammad Mostafaei , is being protected by European diplomats after he fled to Turkey from Iran . Mostafaei claims Iranian authorities tried to arrest him without cause . CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	Iranian woman may be executed by stoning Ashtiani says she was cleared in her husband 's murder Her attorney claims the murder was not proven Iranian official says Ashtiani guilty of numerous crimes
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- Back in 2010 , the conservative columnist and CNN contributor David Frum was worried about what he saw in his own party . Frum , who had worked as a speechwriter for President George W. Bush , feared that Republicans would be tempted by tea party Republicans to shift far to the right to achieve short-term electoral gains that would cost the party in the long run . "  A party must champion the values of the voters it already has , " Frum wrote , then warning , "  But it must also speak to the votes it still needs to win . " For several years , the tea party helped energize a moribund Republican Party . After the 2008 election , with conservatives reeling from the dismal approval ratings of Bush and the defeat of John McCain , tea party activists injected some life into the Republican grass roots , bringing out voters in the primaries who were frustrated with the political status quo . They pushed the GOP to focus more on the issue of deficit reduction and government spending , while creating immense pressure on the congressional leadership to avoid compromises . The midterm elections of 2010 put President Barack Obama on the defensive and constrained him for much of his first term . But Frum was right about the long run . The tea party has extracted some very high costs from the party from which it will be difficult to recover . The most immediate cost was control of the Senate . In 2010 and 2012 , tea party activists knocked out some powerful Republican candidates who probably would have been victorious and improved the chances for the party to win a majority in the Senate . Is the tea party ready to deal on the fiscal cliff ? In 2010 , the nation was riveted when Christine O'Donnell defeated U.S. Rep. Michael Castle in Delaware in the GOP primary . Most agree Castle would have won the Senate seat . O'Donnell could not . The seat went to a Democrat . Nevada 's Sharron Angle and Colorado 's Ken Buck suffered similar fates . This year , powerhouse Sen. Richard Lugar of Indiana was defeated by Richard Mourdock , who uttered some explosive comments about abortion that fueled perceptions the GOP was far right . Democrats won the seat . Besides the Senate , the electoral costs were also evident in the Republican presidential primaries , when Mitt Romney felt the need to make the kinds of "  severely conservative " statements that cost him enormously in the election . The tea party Republicans also made it difficult for Republicans to sign off on a $ 4 trillion "  grand bargain " about taxes and spending when Obama 's back was to the wall in 2011 . The most zealous Republicans were unwilling to capitulate to the president on the issue of tax increases in return for the spending cuts they sought . They gambled that Americans would elect a Republican in 2012 , which would give them free rein on Capitol Hill . But things turned out quite differently . Instead , Republicans do n't have control of the White House and face the possibility of taxes going up for all taxpayers , as well as steep cuts in defense , if nothing is done . They do n't have the leverage that existed in the post-2010 election . By most indications , they will now have to settle for ending some of Bush 's tax cuts and possibly domestic spending cuts that are not as deep as they could have gotten a few years ago . If the automatic cuts go through , a product of the failure to reach a deal when the wind was at their backs , conservatives will see heavy reductions on defense , something not likely to please the Republican base . Even if an acceptable deal goes through , after the 2012 election Americans will likely see Obama as the driving force and Republicans taking a deal because they did n't have any other choice . The tea party has also undermined efforts by the GOP to position itself as the party of governance rather than the party of extremism . The tea partiers are part of a dynamic in the party , that started with Barry Goldwater 's run in 1964 , which pushed out moderates and made it more difficult for the Republicans to build a long-term coalition , as Geoffrey Kabaservice documents in his book "  Rule and Ruin . " The demand to remain ideologically pure has consistently pushed Republican leaders to move to avoid saying yes to almost anything , preventing House Speaker John Boehner and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell from cutting deals . The inaction of the GOP and the ideologically charged rhetoric from its members have played directly into arguments by scholars such as Thomas Mann and Norman Ornstein that the GOP is moving far to the right and is responsible for the dysfunctional state of politics in Washington . Finally , the tea party is making it increasingly difficult for Republicans to win over hugely important voting blocs that can play a major role in 2016 and 2020 . In 2012 , the Republicans paid dearly among Latino voters for the rising power of hard-line anti-immigration advocates . The tea party helped to drown out voices such as those of Bush who believed the party needed to broaden its appeal and reach out to new constituencies , not shrink its electoral map . They have also turned off many younger millennial voters , another key constituency finding less to like about the Republican Party . All of these point to the ways in which the embrace of the tea party has taken its toll on the Republicans . Recently , observing the losses that resulted from tea party candidates , Frum asked : "  Have we learned our lesson yet ? " The answer is uncertain . At a moment when the party needs to avoid an electoral free fall with more red states turning blue , or at least becoming swing states , party leaders need to do some hard thinking about whether one of their greatest challenges does not come from Democrats , but from within . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : The tea party helped GOP bounce back from Bush years , McCain loss He says the short-term boost was overshadowed by the long-term damage Republicans moved far to the right to win tea party votes , only to lose the center , he says Zelizer : GOP lost some key Senate races , finds itself on the defensive in budget talks
NEWPORT NEWS , Virginia  CNN  -- A federal bankruptcy judge has denied the Chapter 11 bankruptcy plan presented by suspended NFL quarterback Michael Vick . Football player Michael Vick listens as his lawyers make the case for Chapter 11 bankruptcy . U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Frank Santoro urged Vick , 28 , to offer the Eastern District of Virginia Bankruptcy Court another plan for emerging from bankruptcy . "  Put together a plan that 's doable , " Santoro said . "  This plan does not work . " Santoro said the plan called for Vick to come up with $ 750,000 to $ 1 million in "  good , hard cash " to be paid to creditors on the day it would go into effect , but he saw no evidence that Vick could come up with that much money . "  Your plan puts you below zero , " Santoro told Vick . He suggested Vick liquidate some of his assets , including two houses and three cars , which Vick said he was going to keep in the rejected proposal . Vick tried to sell one of his mansions in the upscale Sugarloaf Country Club Community in Georgia earlier this month . The home was up on the auction block , but no one submitted the minimum $ 3.2 million bid . Vick is scheduled to return Monday to the federal penitentiary in Leavenworth , Kansas , but his lawyers said they need him in Virginia to help devise another plan . The judge 's ruling comes a day after Vick 's lawyer said the suspended quarterback will go to work for a construction company in Newport News , Virginia , after he leaves federal prison for bankrolling a dogfighting operation . The details emerged in a Chapter 11 confirmation hearing in Virginia Eastern Bankruptcy Court to determine how Vick , 28 , will work his way out of bankruptcy . Vick 's 23-month sentence ends in July , but he is expected to be released from the federal penitentiary in Leavenworth , Kansas , in May and serve the remainder of his sentence in home confinement , most likely in Virginia . He is a native of Newport News . The sports agent who landed Vick 's landmark 10-year , $ 140 million contract with the Atlanta Falcons also testified that he expects Vick will be back in the game as soon as September -- if the National Football League reinstates him . Vick is in great shape and could once again command millions of dollars if he returns to football , Joel Segal told the court . The decision to reinstate Vick rests with NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell , with whom Segal said he had consulted . Vick was suspended from the NFL after his conviction but remains under contract with the Falcons , Segal said , though he does not expect the Falcons to retain Vick 's rights if he is reinstated . Vick and many of his creditors are depending on a return to football as his main source of income . But Segal admitted that he has no way of knowing whether Vick will be reinstated , because the decision lies with Goodell . In the meantime , Vick is ready to "  get back in the community in a positive light " and demonstrate remorse for his actions , Segal said . He has agreed to participate in a documentary about him that will net him $ 600,000 , Segal said . He will also work 40 hours a week for W.M. Jordan , a construction company based in Newport News . The employment is not part of the official 61-page agreement tentatively worked out between 's Vick 's lawyers and numerous creditors . CNN 's Eric Fiegel contributed to this report .	NEW : Judge to Vick : "  Put together a plan that 's doable , " liquidate some assets Agent Joe Segal expects Vick to return to football as soon as September Vick is ready to return to community in "  positive light , " show remorse Vick will work 40 hours a week for Virginia-based W.M. Jordan , lawyer says
CNN  -- In a show of force , Islamist militants gathered in the Somali capital of Mogadishu on Wednesday to protest an American pastor 's now-scrubbed plans to burn the Quran . Chanting "  God is great " and "  Down with America , " crowds assembled at a stadium for a rally organized by Al-Shabaab militants . Florida pastor Terry Jones cancelled his plans to burn the Quran last weekend , but his intentions have sparked protests across the globe , including Afghanistan and in Kashmir , where anti-India unrest was fueled this week by reports of the planned desecration of Islam 's holy book . Al-Shabaab has been accused by human rights groups of gross violations . The al Qaeda-inspired group has threatened African neighbors and Israel and recently claimed responsibility for bombing two locations in Uganda where fans were watching the final match of soccer 's World Cup , killing at least 76 people . It also intensified its attacks in Somalia during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan , with more than 200 civilians killed in battles between the militants and government troops . Somalia has been mired in chaos since 1991 , when warlords overthrew dictator Mohamed Siad Barre and sparked brutal clan infighting . A transitional government has struggled to establish authority , challenged by Islamist groups like Al-Shabaab that have seized control of parts of Mogadishu and much of the south .	Crowds gather in Mogadishu to protest a U.S. pastor 's abandoned plans to burn Qurans Al-Shabaab has been accused of human rights violations
CNN  -- For decades , fans of Oscar Wilde have paid tribute to the Irish writer by leaving kisses on his tomb at Paris 's famed Pere Lachaise Cemetery . But years of greasy lipstick smears have badly damaged the memorial , a stone angel designed by modernist sculptor Jacob Epstein . Now the monument has been painstakingly cleaned and restored -- and surrounded by a glass barrier to protect it from the makeup-laden pecks of passers-by . The freshly renovated sculpture was unveiled -- on the 111th anniversary of Wilde 's death -- by his grandson , Merlin Holland , and British actor Rupert Everett . Ireland 's arts and heritage minister , Dinny McGinley , said the occasion was "  an opportunity to celebrate anew the life and works of one of Ireland 's great modern writers , Oscar Wilde , who gave generously of his genius to the entire world . " Wilde , the dandyish author , poet and playwright , wrote "  The Picture of Dorian Gray " and "  The Importance of Being Earnest , " in London in the 1880s and 1890s . He moved to France in 1897 , living there in self-imposed exile after serving a two-year hard labor prison sentence for gross indecency following a trial which scandalized Victorian society . "  His last few years were very sad , " said Donald Mead , Chairman of the Oscar Wilde Society . "  But there is always the sense that he was able to rise above his misfortunes , to remain buoyant and happy . "  His letters say a lot about his lack of money , but they are also very entertaining , full of amusing anecdotes and stories . They paint a picture of someone who was down , but certainly not out -- though of course he was ` out ' in the modern sense . " He died penniless in Paris on November 30 , 1900 , aged just 46 , and was given a ` sixth class ' burial outside the city . His remains were moved to Pere Lachaise years later . Epstein 's sculpture for the site was unveiled in 1914 , and has long been a site of pilgrimage for Wilde 's fans . In the early 1960s , one visitor hacked off the angel 's genitals , and the grave has been plagued by graffiti for many years . The graffiti was cleaned off in the 1990s when the tomb was listed as a historic monument , but despite a sign asking visitors not to deface it , the ` tributes ' have continued , with ink giving way to lipstick . Experts fear that if the tradition continues , the sculpture may be damaged beyond repair . "  The grease base of the lipstick penetrates the stone and long after the coloring pigments have faded , a grease ` shadow ' is still visible , " Paris 's Irish Cultural Centre said in a statement . "  The tomb is close to being irreparably damaged ; each cleaning has degraded some of the stone surface and rendered it more porous and has subsequently necessitated a more drastic cleaning . " Mead said he hoped those who made the pilgrimage to the cemetery in future would pay tribute to Wilde in a less destructive manner . "  It has reached the point of no return really , " he told CNN . "  There has been wanton vandalism , destruction . Now the screen is up , hopefully people will go and look , and if they feel the need to do something , they will leave a note , or some flowers -- there 's no harm in that . "	Oscar Wilde 's grave at Pere Lachaise Cemetery in Paris was covered in fans ' lipstick kisses Grease from the lipstick caused serious damage to the stonework The monument , by sculptor Jacob Epstein , is now surrounded by a glass screen Writer 's grandson among those present at unveiling on 111th anniversary of Wilde 's death
Washington  CNN  Votes wo n't be cast until 2016 , but the next White House occupant will have an extremely busy 2015 . A flurry of official entrances into the race could come this spring -- with all eyes on Hillary Clinton on the Democratic side , and Republicans looking at a wide-open field that includes more than a dozen potentially viable candidates . And much of the action will take place in the first two states to vote : Iowa and New Hampshire . Many of the events on 2015 's calendar will be familiar : Conservatives will flock to major conferences . The Iowa State Fair will draw a huge crowd . The first debates will be major events . But presidential election cycles are "  almost unique , " said David Oman , a former Iowa GOP co-chairman and the chief of staff to two of the state 's Republican governors . The 2016 cycle , Oman said , "  is well underway . It 's almost all under the radar . " Many contenders visited Iowa to campaign for Republican Senate candidate Joni Ernst in 2014 -- and did some outreach and organizing while they were there , he said . "  There are a lot of phone calls that are being made among Iowa activists , and certainly into the state -- some from the candidates or would-be candidates , and others from people who are helping them , " he said . "  We 've been in the somewhat invisible primary -- the activist organizing stage , etc. , for some time now , " said Terry Shumaker , a New Hampshire Democrat who co-chaired Bill Clinton 's campaigns and is backing Hillary Clinton in 2016 . Here 's a look at some of the key events and dates on 2015 's calendar : Jan. 15 : An unofficial Clinton decision . That 's the date pro-Clinton aides and confidants have long said that if she 's not running , she 'll make that clear -- at least privately . Otherwise , Democrats could be in a tough position , with the field effectively frozen and no clear alternative emerging in the early polls . Outside infrastructure like the group Ready for Hillary are also making plans into 2015 , but no other candidate has any comparable backing . Jan. 23-24 : The Rubio confab . Florida Sen. Marco Rubio will host his fourth annual "  Team Marco " gathering at the Delano Hotel on Miami 's South Beach -- this time , with a huge decision to make : Is he running for president ? The meeting will give Rubio a chance to take stock of how deeply former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush 's own steps into the race will cut into the senator 's home-state donor base -- including right-leaning Cuban-Americans who could have been angered by President Barack Obama 's move to ease tensions with the communist country . It 's also crucial in putting together the infrastructure Rubio would need for a national campaign . Jan. 24 : Iowa Freedom Summit . The inaugural event organized by Rep. Steve King and the conservative group Citizens United will feature at least eight prospective GOP presidential candidates who will speak with grassroots activists from across the state . On the guest list so far : New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum , Texas Gov. Rick Perry , businessman Ben Carson and businesswoman Carly Fiorina , and Donald Trump . Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker has said he might attend , as well . Feb. 25-28 : CPAC . GOP presidential hopefuls will flock to the annual Conservative Political Action Conference -- known as just "  CPAC " -- to court their party 's ideological grassroots . The conference has also offered a window into the debates riling conservatives . In 2011 , the participation of the pro-gay rights group GOProud and the invitation of then-Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels , who had called for a "  truce " on social issues , sparked boycotts from conservatives who are focused on just those policies . The conference has also been criticized for taking a libertarian turn , with Texas Rep. Ron Paul winning its 2010 and 2011 straw polls . It could be a particularly important barometer for Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul , who won the 2014 CPAC straw poll and has since sought to increase Republicans ' outreach to minority voters and smooth over his divisions with the GOP establishment . March 9-13 : Selma march 's 50th anniversary . Commemorating the Selma-to-Montgomery voting rights march , and the police beatings of protesters it included , has long drawn presidents and White House hopefuls to Alabama . This year 's 50th anniversary will be no different . March 19 : Clinton 's last scheduled paid speech . The lone heavyweight in the Democratic presidential field is scheduled to deliver a paid speech to the American Camp Association on March 19 -- the last one currently on her calendar . The date itself is n't all that meaningful : Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign plans are unlikely to be stalled by the American Camp Association . She could call off the event , or send Bill Clinton instead . Or , she could still schedule more paid speeches , especially if she does n't want to enter the race until the spring . Still , those looking for signs of Clinton 's plans will watch to see whether the current timing of her last paid speech moves in either direction . Early August : Iowa State Fair . It 's a must-visit for presidential candidates looking to mix and mingle with a broad swath of voters . The Des Moines Register , Iowa 's most important newspaper , will have what Oman called a "  massive presence " at the state fair -- including the Register Political Soapbox , where candidates will make appearances , deliver stump speeches and take questions . The 11-day fair will see visits from a candidate a day , and sometimes more . August : Ames Straw Poll . For a non-binding gut check of conservatives , this summer-before-the-caucuses tradition gets a lot of attention . Thousands of Iowans -- as well as candidates , political operatives and journalists -- have historically descended on the Iowa State University campus , where they 're courted by campaigns that see the event as an early test of their organizational strength in the state that kicks off the nominating process . However , the straw poll has n't predicted much in recent years . In 2011 , Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann won , with Texas Rep. Ron Paul landing a close second -- though both had faded by the time the elections rolled around . In 2007 , Mitt Romney won the straw poll , but former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee won the actual Iowa caucuses . There 's also the question of whether the straw poll will continue in its previous form . Some conservative groups have pushed to eliminate it , or at least make major changes . Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad commented in 2012 that the straw poll has "  outlived its usefulness . " Still , Iowa GOP operatives say it 'll likely take place in some form in 2015 . The straw poll was held in early August 2011 . The date has n't yet been set for 2015 , but it 'd likely come shortly after the state fair . Fall : State party dinners . Most campaigns ' top donors will come from out of the early-voting states , but they 'll need as much of the local party infrastructure in their corners as possible . In Iowa , for example , Republicans will flock to the state GOP 's fall dinner . "  That 's where the activists and donors show up all at one time . By that time you better have your campaign rolling and your organization well underway , " Oman said . In New Hampshire , the state Democratic Party 's annual Jefferson-Jackson dinner and its 100 Club dinner would be big opportunities for candidates not named Hillary Clinton . "  If you 're less well known than Hillary Clinton , scoring a speaking engagement at one of those two big dinners , which are populated by activists , would be a big deal for anybody , " Shumaker said . Iowa 's 99 counties and New Hampshire 's 10 counties will also offer candidates lower-profile speaking opportunities . Late 2015 : The debates . National Republicans have tried to winnow what during the 2012 election cycle seemed like an unending string of debates . But the debates will still happen , they 'll be televised nationally , and they 'll present candidates with opportunities to grab media attention -- for better or , as Texas Gov. Rick Perry learned when he forgot the name of the third federal agency he wanted to abolish during one debate , for worse . All year : Politics & Eggs . The New England Council and the New Hampshire Institute of Politics & Political Library at Saint Anselm College co-host these regular Granite State events . Candidates typically speak for about 15 minutes , and then take questions . Dates for 2015 appearances have n't yet been announced -- but a spate of presidential contenders are all but certain to be added to the schedule in the coming months . "  That is a real tradition . Virtually everybody that has run for president has spoken at one or more of those over the years , " Shumaker said . "  My guess is that will really heat up after the new year , and that 's a great way to meet a crowd that 's not a typical political crowd -- it 's bipartisan , heavy on business people and education and non-profit types and students . "	The coming year will be jam-packed with ca n't - miss events for 2016 presidential hopefuls The key events include activists ' conventions , state party dinners and even state fairs Many of the most important events will take place in Iowa and New Hampshire
CNN  -- Australian woman Schapelle Corby has walked out of a prison in Bali , Indonesia , after being convicted almost nine years ago of drug smuggling . The 36-year-old was surrounded by a swarm of cameras and Australian network reporters to see her released on bail in a case that supporters say was a setup . Covered in a hat and rushed into a waiting bus by security forces , she will be taken to a parole office for further processing . Indonesian Justice Minister Amir Syamsuddin said Friday that Corby had been granted parole . He said Corby 's parole review was one of more than 1,000 that had been completed . Corby , 36 , was convicted in May 2005 for smuggling 9 pounds  4.1 kilograms  of marijuana in a bag while arriving at Bali 's Denpasar International Airport the previous October . She has always maintained her innocence . Her lawyers argued the drugs were planted , possibly by airport employees involved in trafficking . But the court found her guilty and sentenced her to 20 years in prison . The punishment fueled anger in Australia , where many people said they felt Corby had been set up . After exhausting the appeals process , Corby applied for clemency . A medical exam diagnosed her as suffering from acute depression with psychotic symptoms . In 2012 , Indonesia reduced her sentence by five years , laying the foundation for her parole application . Corby appears unlikely to return to Australia anytime soon , though . Australian media have reported that she will have to remain in Bali on parole until 2017 . Some Indonesians have accused the authorities of giving Corby 's case special attention . But the justice ministry says she 's being treated the same way as other convicts in Indonesia .	Australian Schapelle Corby , 36 , is set free from prison in Bali , Indonesia She was convicted in 2005 for smuggling 9 pounds of marijuana Corby and her lawyers maintain she was the victim of a setup
CNN  -- Maple-bacon biscuits . Chocolate-dipped donuts . A lavish spread of eggs . Is there any meal more comforting than breakfast ? Whatever time zone you wake up in , the best breakfasts will brighten your mood , fortify you for the day , and give you a taste of daily life in that destination . Our short list of memorable breakfasts , part of T+L 's coverage of the Best Places to Eat Like a Local , includes a Middle Eastern-inspired London café where platters of baked breads are served with the morning newspaper and a Tokyo fish market where early risers clamor for the freshest breakfast sushi . America 's coolest coffeehouses Each was chosen not just for its standout food , but also for being a part of its hometown 's cultural fabric . So do n't settle for the hotel buffet ; these breakfast joints are worth the trip . See more of the world 's best breakfasts Restaurant Pricing Key $ Less than $ 25 $ $ $ 25 to $ 75 $ $ $ $ 75 to $ 150 $ $ $ $ More than $ 150 Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Travel + Leisure and CNN have been searching for places to eat like a local Here are 10 of the world 's tastiest breakfast options Whether you 're in the mood for eggs , pastries or sushi , there 's something for you
London  CNN  -- As News Corporation faces more scrutiny into allegations of phone hacking by its journalists , the spotlight has once again fallen on senior executive James Murdoch who has been recalled to the parliamentary committee hearing . Before the hacking scandal , James Murdoch was widely regarded by media watchers as the heir apparent to his father 's powerful empire -- a remarkable turnaround for a college dropout once viewed as the family 's black sheep . As its deputy chief operating officer and head of international operations , Murdoch , 38 , is the third most senior figure at News Corp , wielding considerable influence through the stable of newspaper titles at his command . But unless he can shrug off the turmoil that threatens to engulf the company , even after it stepped away from a controversial bid to acquire full control of its UK-based broadcasting arm , his widely anticipated succession of Rupert Murdoch could be under threat . James Murdoch 's close links to the papers at the heart of the phone-hacking scandal could be pivotal . It was James Murdoch who announced the closure of the News of the World amid public fury about the paper 's tactics . He has always denied being aware of the phone-hacking activities -- although he did authorize payments to appease victims . But he is now being recalled to a UK parliamentary investigation which is trying to establish the extent of illegal phone hacking by reporters working at the company 's titles . In evidence to an earlier hearing in July , James Murdoch said he could not recall seeing a key document known as the "  for Neville " e-mail . It implied that the practice was being conducted by more than one journalist , but this statement is directly contradicted by two of the company 's senior employees and may be the focus of fresh questioning . It is another intriguing chapter in a varied career to date . James Murdoch , the third child from his father 's second marriage , once appeared to be the least likely of the media tycoon 's offspring to succeed , despite his evident intelligence . Born in London , but raised in New York , James Murdoch went on to attend Harvard University , where he studied film and animation before dropping out in the mid-1990s to help launch a hip-hop music label , Rawkus Records . It was n't long before Murdoch was brought into the family business . Rawkus was eventually bought by News Corp. and in 1996 Murdoch was persuaded to take over the company 's nascent internet operations , with mixed results . By 2000 Murdoch was in charge of News Corp 's Asian satellite business , Star TV , where he appeared to find his feet . In 2003 he took over its UK-based sister operation , Sky , quickly dispelling doubts about his business acumen by meeting ambitious profit targets . Murdoch continued to rise through the ranks , taking on his News Corp executive roles in 2007 . At the time , Rupert Murdoch described his son as a "  talented and proven executive with a rare blend of international perspective and deep hands-on experience . " His new position handed him overall control of News International , an umbrella company that includes the Sun newspaper , the Times and the defunct News of the World -- the paper whose activities triggered the current UK media crisis . Although regularly cited as one of the most influential figures in Britain , Murdoch 's political allegiances have never been clear . A 2007 profile in the Observer newspaper says Murdoch has been "  unimpressed " by then opposition leader David Cameron . The Telegraph , meanwhile , described him as a "  close confidant " of Cameron . Murdoch himself told the Financial Times in 2007 : "  I do n't comment on politics . " Murdoch , who has two children with wife Kathryn Hufschmid , is said to be a black belt in karate . He is also proficient at corporate combat . In 2006 he steered BSkyB into the acquisition of a 17.9 % stake in UK broadcaster ITN , blocking a rival move by Virgin Media . But it is his and News Corp 's plans to acquire full ownership of BSkyB that have put them on a collision course with British lawmakers in the wake of the phone hacking scandal , eventually deciding to back down under government pressure . Media observers say it is too early to predict whether Murdoch can survive the scandal with his News Corp. prospects intact or will be edged out by contenders including older brother Lachlan or second-in-command Chase Carey . "  Obviously there is interest in the company 's main markets , Australia , the U.S. and UK and there will be repercussions affecting any officer of the company deemed to have oversight , " said London-based analyst Claire Enders .	James Murdoch , 38 , dropped out of Harvard to start a hip-hop record label Murdoch climbed ranks of News Corp after taking charge of Star Asia in 2000 Media observers say it 's too early to predict if scandal fallout will hurt Murdoch
A 67-year-old woman who reportedly received millions in life insurance money from at least five of her previous partners has been arrested on suspicion of poisoning her last husband with cyanide -- the latest high-profile case in Japan involving so-called "  black widows . " Chisako Kakehi , who benefited to the tune of 800 million yen  $ 6.8 million  over the past 20 years , according to Japanese media , denies any wrongdoing . "  I did n't kill him . I do n't know how to kill ... " she told police , according to CNN affiliate TV Asahi . But an autopsy report on Isao Kakehi , her fourth husband to die , found cyanide in his stomach and blood . The 75-year old died in December , less than two months after their wedding . It triggered a police investigation into the case , which culminated in Kakehi 's arrest in Kyoto on Wednesday . A previous fiancé , who died when he crashed his motorcycle , was also found to have traces of cyanide in his body . Police would only say "  many " of her previous partners -- who were aged between 54 and 75 -- had died in the past two decades . Autopsies rare However , authorities may be unable to prove she killed her other lovers because autopsies are generally rare in Japan . Her first husband died back in 1994 . Kakehi is the latest "  black widow " to make the headlines in Japan . Kanae Kijima is currently in prison after being found guilty of killing three men she met on dating websites in 2009 and making it look like suicide in each case . She was 37 at the time . That same year , bar worker Miyuki Ueta , 40 , was found guilty of drugging and drowning two men she reportedly owed money to . Both are appealing death sentences .	Seven of Chisako Kakehi 's previous partners have died in 20 years Autopsy report on her fourth husband found cyanide in his body , police say Media reports say she has made millions from life insurance money
Parenting.com  -- Is saving your child 's cord blood a wise investment for future stem cell therapy ? It was n't until my second pregnancy that a brochure touting the benefits of umbilical cord blood banking caught my eye . It made a convincing case for giving my baby this potentially lifesaving health insurance should he develop a serious illness like cancer . I dialed the number and signed up with a private cord blood storage bank on the spot . I learned that in addition to the initial costs , I 'll be paying an annual storage fee until my son is 18 . If your family is considering making this decision , it 's important to assess all the details . Here 's a rundown of what you need to know : Small price to pay Cord blood is what remains in the vessels of the placenta and the portion of the umbilical cord still attached to it after birth . It 's rich in blood-forming cells that can be used in transplants for patients with leukemia , lymphoma and many other life-threatening diseases . Parenting.com : 8 adorable ways your baby says ' I love you ' Each private cord blood bank charges different fees . A recent study from the University of California , San Francisco , estimates the total average cost to be $ 3,620 , which includes initial banking and storage for 20 years , at which point users must decide to either continue paying storage fees or donate or discard the cord blood . The American Academy of Pediatrics  AAP  estimates the chances of a child needing her own cord blood stem cells in the future to be about one in 200,000 . "  That means it 's a very rare event for a family to bank cord blood and then actually use it , " says Steven Joffe M.D. , associate professor of pediatrics at Harvard Medical School . Parenting.com : 11 important baby cues you need to know But who 's to say that one family wo n't be yours ? Gift of life The AAP recommends discussing the issue with your doctor and storing cord blood at a private bank only if a family has knowledge of a sibling with a condition that could benefit from transplantation . Otherwise , families are encouraged to donate their newborn 's cord blood to a public bank  if accessible in the area  for free , much like donating blood or an organ ; in other words , the donated unit is not reserved for the family who provided it . Parenting.com : What your kids ' growth charts tell you Find a list of participating hospitals that work with public cord blood banks at bethematch.org . If you do decide to store or donate your baby 's cord blood , you should notify the bank or hospital by at least the 34th week of your pregnancy . Free support The National Marrow Donor Program offers the related Donor Cord Blood Program , which allows eligible families to store cord blood at no cost to treat an affected sibling . A fee is only applied when the unit is used . Visit marrow.org/relatedcord for more information . Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Your child 's cord blood could be a wise investment for future stem cell therapy Blood is potentially lifesaving health insurance should baby develop a serious illness American Academy of Pediatrics estimates chances of needing it 1 in 200,000
CNN  -- Al Feldstein , who guided Mad magazine for almost three decades as its editor , has died , according to a Montana funeral home . He was 88 . He died Tuesday in his home in Livingston , Montana , Franzen-Davis Funeral Home & Crematory 's website said . Feldstein edited Mad from 1955 to 1984 when the magazine was the most widely read satirical publication in America . He was responsible for bringing on some of the "  Usual Gang of Idiots " -- the Mad staffers and freelancers who filled its pages with their caricatures , puns and general wackiness . "  We were all saddened to see Al 's passing , " said John Ficarra , Mad 's current editor-in-chief , in a statement . "  It 's impossible to overstate his importance to Mad . He took over Mad when it was transitioning from comic book to magazine and much of what the nation knows to be as Mad . He attracted many of the talents that went on to become legends -- Don Martin , Al Jaffee , Mort Drucker , Sergio Aragones ... to list just a few of the many . The result of his work in Mad can be seen in a lot of comedy media today . " Mad , which was started by writer Harvey Kurtzman and part of the EC Comics stable of William M. "  Bill " Gaines , " was successful because it called out society 's hypocrisy , Feldstein told the Onion A.V. Club in 2007 . "  When Mad came about , it was the reaffirmation of those feelings in print . We were saying , ` Kids , Madison Avenue is lying to you . Your parents are lying to you . The president is lying to you , ' " he said . Kurtzman left Mad in 1955 , and Feldstein took over . Under his guidance , the magazine was a no-holds-barred repository of movie parodies , witty verse , advertising take-offs , loopy comics and Al Jaffee 's indescribable Mad Fold-In . Nothing was sacred . "  Mad was wide open . Bill loved it , and he was a capitalist Republican . I loved it , and I was a liberal Democrat , " Feldstein said . "  That went for the writers , too ; they all had their own political leanings , and everybody had a voice . " Feldstein was born in 1925 and began his career as an artist as a teenager . He joined EC in the late 1940s . Its founder  and the inventor of the comic book  , Max Gaines , had just been killed in an accident , and the struggling company was in the hands of his son , William . "  I went down to meet this nerd with horn-rimmed glasses and a crew-cut named Bill Gaines . And I was with him for 35 years after that , " Feldstein told the A.V. Club . At the time , EC generally did romance and crime stories .  Originally , the company aspired to uplift -- the "  EC " initially stood for "  Educational Comics . "  Feldstein , looking for an angle , suggested to Gaines that the company introduce a line of horror comics . They were known for their graphic art , witty writing and shock endings . The first , "  Tales from the Crypt , " was an immediate hit and EC added a number in the same vein . But the powers that be of the time -- notably fearful politicians and a psychiatrist named Fredric Wertham -- lashed out at EC 's comics and succeeded in having them shut down . Gaines , however , had protected Mad , his humor comic , and changed it to a magazine to keep it out of the claws of the Comics Code Authority . After leaving Mad , Feldstein returned to his first love , art . For decades he lived in Montana , specializing in the images and wildlife of the American West . Mad was sold in the early 1960s to what eventually became Warner Communications . Today the title is part of the DC Comics group owned by Time Warner , CNN 's parent company . Feldstein is survived by his wife ; a stepdaughter ; and two grandsons , the funeral home 's website said . People we 've lost in 2014	Al Feldstein , editor of Mad magazine for 29 years , dies at age 88 Originally an artist , Feldstein joined EC Comics , Mad 's publisher , in the 1940s Mad captured society 's cynicism , he said : "  It was the reaffirmation of those feelings in print "
CNN  People magazine has anointed Sandra Bullock the world 's most beautiful woman of 2015 , the publication revealed on Wednesday . Bullock , 50 , joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor , including last year 's cover girl , Lupita Nyong ` o , and Gwyneth Paltrow in 2013 . She seems to be taking it all in stride , calling the whole thing "  ridiculous . " "  Real beauty is quiet . Especially in this town , it 's just so hard not to say , ` Oh , I need to look like that , ' " she told People . "  No , be a good person ; be a good mom ; do a good job with the lunch ; let someone cut in front of you who looks like they 're in a bigger hurry . The people I find most beautiful are the ones who are n't trying . " The cover story focuses on Bullock 's home life with her son , Louis , 5 , and her efforts to stay healthy and fit past her 40s . "  I was putting him to bed and told him that even when I 'm old and gray and more wrinkly than I am now , I 'll still love him and want to tuck him in , " she said . "  And he asked why I have wrinkles , and I said , ` Well , I hope some of them are from laughing so much . ' And he touched my face and said , ` You 're not old , you 're just happy . ' " The Oscar-winning star of movies including "  Gravity , " "  The Blind Side " and "  Crash " said she 's happy with who she is . "  As long as I 'm healthy and strong and I do n't let this mind of mine run amok with insecurities about what I am not , I can look in the mirror and like who I see . " The selection of Bullock , the oldest woman to receive top honors in the history of the list , is a sign that beauty knows no age , say some . "  Great choice ! Gorgeous , talented , over 50 and FABULOUS ! That 's the way it 's done ! " wrote one fan on People 's Facebook page . Also making the "  most beautiful " cut this year : Gabrielle Union , Ariana Grande and Laverne Cox . The issue hits newsstands Friday .	People magazine has named actress Sandra Bullock the most beautiful woman in the world "  Be a good person ; be a good mom ; do a good job with the lunch , " she says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Two U.S. Air Force F-15s escorted two Russian Bear long-range bombers out of an air exclusion zone off the coast of Alaska , U.S. military officials said Wednesday . Two U.S. Air Force F-15s were dispatched to meet the Russian bombers . U.S. radar picked up the Russian turbo-prop Tupolev-95 planes about 500 miles off the Alaska coast . The U.S. fighters from Elmendorf Air Force Base were dispatched to meet the bombers and escorted them out of the area without incident , the officials said . The United States maintains the air exclusion zone off the coast of Alaska , barring unidentified aircraft or aircraft that do n't file flight plans inside that area . The last case of Russian aircraft approaching the U.S. coastline or ships in the Pacific was in February . Then , four Bear bombers flew near the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz , with one of them flying about 2,000 feet from the Nimitz 's deck . Russia 's Defense Ministry said at the time there was no violation of flight regulations during the incident . A ministry official described the flights as standard operating procedure for air force training . Meanwhile , U.S. military officials say the incidents are not a concern . They say it 's the Russian military flexing its ability and presence . E-mail to a friend	U.S. radar picks up the Russian planes about 500 miles off the Alaska coast The Russians entered an air exclusion zone They are escorted out of the area without incident Russian planes last came near the U.S. coastline in February
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate on Thursday passed a giant defense bill that includes a new policy for detaining and trying suspected al Qaeda terrorists -- a policy that attracted controversy during the debate and may draw a presidential veto . The defense authorization bill passed by a vote of 93-7 . In keeping with budget cuts across the government , the $ 662 billion bill shrinks Pentagon spending by $ 43 billion from last year . It includes funding for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and sets policies for the various weapons systems and personnel programs at the Defense Department . Senate debate on the detainee matter was at times volatile and emotional . After years of struggling with issues of who should investigate , detain and try suspected terrorists -- civilian authorities and courts or the military and its tribunal system -- Armed Services Committee Chair Carl Levin , D-Michigan , and ranking Republican John McCain of Arizona reached a long-sought compromise to codify the process . However , critics complained the deal was weighted toward the military because it required any suspected al Qaeda terrorists , even those captured inside the U.S. , to be held potentially indefinitely by the military . That concerned the White House and many lawmakers who think the responsibility belongs , in part , to law enforcement agencies and the federal courts and warned that Americans could possibly be detained indefinitely by the military . Levin and McCain denied their bill would allow for the indefinite detention of U.S. citizens . "  This country is special because we have certain values , and due process of law is one of those values , " Intelligence Committee Chairwoman Dianne Feinstein , D-California , argued on the Senate floor . "  I object to holding American citizens without trial . I do not believe that makes us more safe . " "  You have people on the left who hate saying ` the war on terror , ' " responded Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina . "  They would never ever use the military and always insist the law enforcement be used because they do n't buy into the idea that we 're at war . They want to criminalize the war . " Senators ultimately reached an agreement to amend the bill to make clear it 's not the bill 's intent to allow for the indefinite detention of U.S. citizens and others legally residing in the country . "  It would provide the assurance that we are not adversely affecting the rights of American citizens in this language , " Levin said while expressing support for the compromise . "  It supports present law , " Feinstein added . Senators from both parties also challenged the Obama administration 's policies toward Iran , unanimously approving an amendment insisting on tough new sanctions against Iran 's Central Bank and entities that do business with it . Senators want to punish Iran over its pursuit of a nuclear weapons programs and the recent storming of the British Embassy in Tehran . The administration complained the Senate amendment would make it difficult for the White House to manage a delicate foreign policy matter . Also Thursday , the Senate approved on a voice vote a Democratic amendment requiring President Barack Obama to develop a plan to expedite the troop withdrawal from Afghanistan , which is scheduled to be completed in 2014 . While it 's not clear the amendment will force any actual acceleration of the withdrawal , Sen. Jeff Merkley , D-Oregon , said the Senate vote was a "  message " to the president that U.S. troops have successfully performed their mission of stamping out al Qaeda and the 9-11 terrorists and "  it 's time to bring our men and women home . " The measure still needs to go to conference for reconciliation with the House version of the bill .	Defense authorization bill passes Senate in 93-7 vote $ 662 billion bill shrinks Pentagon spending by $ 43 billion from last year Compromise allows suspected al Qaeda terrorists to be held indefinitely by the military However , an amendment specifically excludes U.S. citizens or legal residents
CNN  -- The family of Victor Jara , the famous Chilean folk singer who was among the first victims of the country 's military coup in 1973 , has filed a lawsuit in Florida against the former army officer it alleges killed him . The killing happened 40 years ago , and it was n't until last year that a Chilean judge charged eight former army officers with the singer-songwriter 's death . One of those indicted , Pedro Barrientos , has lived in Florida since the early 1990s . That is where Jara 's family filed the lawsuit Wednesday in Jacksonville . The lawsuit alleges that Barrientos executed Jara during a game of Russian roulette and ordered other soldiers to fire dozens of rounds into his corpse , in violation of U.S. and international law . The civil suit seeks compensatory and punitive damages for the killing . Barrientos has not been arrested since being charged in Chile , and the status of his legal proceedings there is unclear . CNN was not immediately able to reach Barrientos for comment , although he has denied the accusations previously . Jara , a member of the Communist Party and cultural ambassador for socialist President Salvador Allende , was detained immediately after the September 11 , 1973 , military coup . His body , with signs of torture and 44 bullet wounds , was found days later in an abandoned field . His is considered one of the most emblematic deaths of the political repression that followed the coup . Government investigations conducted after the end of the dictatorship say nearly 2,300 people disappeared between 1973 and 1990 , and nearly 40,000 were tortured . Seeking justice decades after the oppression and in this case , when the defendant lives in another country , is a legal challenge . In the case of Jara 's family , lawyers from the Center for Justice and Accountability and law firm Chadbourne & Parke cited the Torture Victim Protection Act and Alien Tort Statute . These U.S. laws allow for such lawsuits to be brought for wrongful deaths and cases of torture that occurred in other countries . "  Victor 's pursuit of democracy and human rights remains an inspiration to people around the world and his memory is ever present as we mark the 40th anniversary of the military coup and of Victor 's murder , " his widow , Joan Jara , said in a statement . "  We want to shine a light on the severe human rights abuses from this era and bring those responsible to justice , so that victims who continue to silently suffer their losses may find some sense of peace . " According to the lawsuit , Barrientos was a lieutenant and section commander for the Tejas Verdes regiment , which oversaw detainees at Chile Stadium , where prisoners were taken . Hundreds of perceived enemies of the new military regime were detained and transported to the stadium . During the few days he was captive before being killed , Jara wrote a poem that survived , lamenting "  How hard it is to sing when I must sing of horror , " according to the lawsuit . "  Horror which I am living , horror which I am dying . " While detained , Jara was blindfolded , chained and beaten by soldiers under Barrientos ' command , the lawsuit alleges . Finally , Barrientos put a pistol to the back of Jara 's head and "  loaded one bullet in the chamber of the pistol , spun the chamber and pulled the trigger , knowing that each shot could be lethal , " the lawsuit states . Playing this game of Russian roulette , Barrientos shot the singer in the back of the head and ordered five other soldiers to shoot his corpse , the plaintiffs allege . "  Actually , that is not true , " Barrientos , 64 , told Chilevision TV last year . "  I was never in Chile Stadium , I do n't know the singer Jara or know who he was back then . " In addition to Joan Jara , the lawsuit was filed on behalf of her daughters Amanda Jara Turner and Manuela Bunster .	Famous Chilean singer Victor Jara was killed in 1973 He was among the first victims of a military dictatorship A former Chilean officer living in the U.S. is accused of the killing He has denied accusations
CNN  -- Dharun Ravi was an immature college kid who invaded his roommate 's privacy . In New Jersey , that makes him a convicted felon who faces up to 10 years in prison . Locking up Ravi ultimately wo n't do much to stop bullying or fight homophobia . His prosecution speaks volumes , however , about America 's rush to use criminal justice to address problems that are better resolved by other means . Every bad act is not a crime . Every kid who does a stupid thing is not a criminal . As the whole world knows , Ravi secretly videotaped his roommate , Tyler Clementi , having sex with another man . He let some other people watch the video , and he tweeted that Tyler was gay . Clementi then jumped off a bridge to his death . Let 's be honest . A lot of people want a pound of flesh from Ravi because they blame him for Clementi 's death . Tyler 's reaction was tragic , and it was idiosyncratic . It is possible to deeply mourn Clementi 's death and also to acknowledge that he probably had issues other than Ravi . No judge in the country would have allowed a homicide prosecution , because , legally speaking , Ravi did not cause the death , nor was it reasonably foreseeable . Of the millions of people who are bullied or who suffer invasions of privacy , few kill themselves . But in the classic fashion of overreaching prosecutors , the New Jersey district attorney found 15 other crimes to charge Ravi with . Legal experts expect that he will get at least a five-year prison sentence and then be deported to India , where he was born but has n't lived since he was 2 . For his stupidity , Ravi should be shamed by his fellow students and kicked out of his dorm , but he should not be sent to prison for years and then banished from the United States . In their hearts the prosecutors must know this , which is why they offered him a plea bargain that included no jail time and a recommendation against deportation . But prosecutors do n't like it when a defendant exercises his constitutional right to go to trial , and after winning their case they are likely to ask for big time . The prosecution seemed to play on the emotional circumstances of Clementi 's death as much as the actual facts of the case . The most serious charge was that Ravi intended to intimidate Clementi by filming him having sex with another guy . But how can you intend to intimidate someone by filming him when you hide the camera and do n't want the person to know he 's being filmed ? In addition , New Jersey 's hate crime law presents troubling First Amendment issues . If Ravi had been convicted of being motivated to act because someone was fat or a nerd , he 'd be looking at five years in prison . Because he commented on Clementi 's sexual orientation , he gets twice as much time . The problem with broad laws like New Jersey 's is that they come too close to punishing people for what they think . Bigotry , including homophobia , is morally condemnable , but in a free country , it should not be a punishable offense . When I was a freshman at Yale , my roommate constantly played a Patti Smith record called "  Rock and Roll Nigger . " I hated the song , but it never occurred to me that I should have called the police on my roommate . Part of the reason Yale paired me , an African-American from Chicago , with my roommate , a Jewish kid from Brooklyn , was for us to learn how to work out our differences . We did , and now , 25 years later , we 're still friends . Those kinds of lessons are what college is for , as much as anything you learn in the classroom . Ravi and Clementi never had that moment , but at the trial , evidence was presented that it might have happened . After Ravi had spied on Clementi , he heard that Clementi wanted a new roommate . Ravi texted him and asked him to reconsider . He said , "  I 've known you were gay and I have no problem with it . " This does not sound like a homophobe -- it sounds like a freshman who was taking a step to becoming more mature . Ravi did not invent homophobia , but he is being scapegoated for it . Bias against gay people is , sadly , embedded in American culture . Until last year people were being kicked out of the military because they were homosexuals . None of the four leading presidential candidates -- President Obama , Mitt Romney , Rick Santorum , Newt Gingrich -- thinks that gay people should be allowed to get married . A better way to honor the life of Clementi would be for everyone to get off their high horse about a 20-year-old kid and instead think about how we can promote civil rights in our own lives . Though a national conversation about civility and respect would have been better , as usual for social problems , we looked to the criminal justice system . The United States incarcerates more of its citizens than any country in the world . We are an extraordinarily punitive people . Clementi died for America 's sins . And now , Ravi faces years in prison for the same reason . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Butler .	Dharun Ravi is found guilty of spying on and intimidating his gay roommate Tyler Clementi Paul Butler : Ravi was immature , but sending him to prison wo n't stop bullying or fight homophobia Millions of people are bullied or suffer invasions of privacy , but few kill themselves Butler : Every kid who does a stupid thing is not a criminal , every bad act is not a crime
CNN  -- Close to one million strollers have been recalled by their manufacturer following reports at least 12 babies or toddlers had their fingers amputated after they were caught in the hinges . British company Maclaren said the recall concerns Chinese-made models on sale in the U.S. that open with an "  umbrella " mechanism . The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission said customers should stop using the strollers immediately . Maclaren said it was issuing a free repair kit make the hinges safe . The CPSC said the warning concerned models dating back to 1999 sold at stores including Target and Babies R Us . The mechanism "  poses a fingertip amputation and laceration hazard to the child when the consumer is unfolding , " the CPSC said in statement issued jointly with Maclaren . Maclaren said its Volo , Triumph , Quest Sport , Quest Mod , Techno XT , Techno XLR , Twin Triumph , Twin Techno and Easy Traveller models -- which retail between $ 100 to $ 400 -- were affected . The manufacturer said its strollers met required safety standards , but the recall was being applied voluntarily to "  alert the operator when opening or closing the stroller of the possible risk of injury . " In a separate statement , Maclaren 's European arm said that no recall was being issued in the European Union , where there had been fewer reported injuries , despite higher sales . "  We wish to reassure our customers that they should continue to use their existing Maclaren buggies since they are safe when opened and closed correctly , " it said . "  Our advice is that consumers should take the same level of caution and care as when opening or closing a car door or any other moving part that can be found in many other baby and toddler products . "  There are a lower number of similar reported incidents amongst the considerably higher number of Maclaren buggies sold in Europe . If a buggy is folded or unfolded in line with our operating instructions the risk of injury is non-existent . " • U.S. consumers can contact Maclaren at 877-688-2326 or visit www.maclaren.us/recall to receive the repair kit .	Maclaren says some of it strollers pose a risk of finger amputations Recall affects nearly one million strollers sold in the United States Manufacturer has issued kit to make hinges safe
CNN  -- Authorities are investigating a letter bomb addressed to the CEO of Deutsche Bank that was delivered to the bank 's headquarters in Frankfurt , Germany , police said Wednesday . The device , which contained shrapnel , was detected in the bank 's mail room around 1 p.m. local time , said New York Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne . It did not detonate . "  The return address was listed as a European central bank , which would likely increase the chances of him opening it , " said Browne , who urged a general increase in mail room security . "  A suspicious letter was received today at Deutsche Bank , addressed to Dr.  Josef  Ackermann , " said bank spokesman Ronald Weichert . "  In-house departments concerned alerted the police , " who then launched an investigation . Browne said the incident prompted New York authorities to increase security around Manhattan 's Deutsche Bank offices . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Diana Magnay contributed to this report	A letter bomb is addressed to the CEO of Deutsche Bank It is delivered to the bank 's headquarters in Frankfurt , Germany , police say New York 's deputy police commissioner says the device was detected in the bank 's mail room
CNN  -- For years , Jean-Philippe Kayobotsi 's work meant business trips , investment plans and high-level meetings with powerful politicians and top corporate executives . Having worked at Deloitte , the African Development Bank and even as an adviser to the president of Rwanda , Kayobotsi 's illustrious career had taken him to Europe , Latin America and Africa . And then his hibernating entrepreneurial spirit kicked in . Last May , Kayobotsi swapped business suits for casual clothes , and strategic pitches for delicious pastries as he decided to go into business on his own , opening up Brioche , a high-end bakery and coffee shop in Kigali , the bustling capital of Rwanda with some one million residents . "  My friends said I was a bit crazy to leave a well-established institution and job to venture into business -- I guess maybe they are right partly but I really felt it was what I wanted to do , " says the 38-year-old entrepreneur . "  For some reason , I always had this entrepreneurial drive so I decided to walk the talk instead of preaching for private sector development , " he adds . "  I looked for an opportunity that both made business sense and would excite me . A quality coffee shop was both a gap in the market and something I was really interested in -- I love good food , good drinks and good service . " Drawing inspiration from successful international chains like Starbucks , Le Pain Quotidien and Paul , Kayobotsi says he wanted to start what he calls a "  boutique " bakery in Rwanda that could fit in any country in the world . And when it came to naming his new venture , the entrepreneur did n't have to think too hard -- he just trusted his taste buds . "  Brioche is a very popular bread in some parts of Europe and it is definitely my favorite kind of bread , " says Kayobotsi , who is half Rwandan , half Belgian . "  We have it with sugar , plain , with chocolate or with raisins . " Big dreams Inside the Brioche store , a group of black-shirted workers line up in front of a small kitchen counter to prepare a wide range of bakery and pastry products -- from chocolate mousses and croissants to tuna sandwiches and cakes made of locally produced strawberries and mangoes . Different types of bread and pasta are also on offer here , as well as a variety of coffees and juices . "  We have about 20,000 items that are being sold each month -- and it is increasing , " says Kayobotsi . Currently , Brioche employs 12 people but that number is expected to increase as Kayobotsi plans to open more stores in Kigali and beyond . "  This is the first of many boutiques we want to spread across Rwanda , the region , and Africa , " says Kayobotsi . "  We want to be the Starbucks of Africa ! " Easy to start a business Rwanda , a tiny landlocked country of more than 11 million people in central east Africa , has made remarkable economic progress since the end of a brutal genocide that claimed 800,000 lives in 1994 . According to the World Bank , the country has moved from a reported poverty rate of about 78 % in 1995 to less than 50 % in 2012 , a year when its economy grew by 8 % . A series of legal and administrative reforms also mean that the process of creating a company in Rwanda is fast and affordable . As a result , the country is ranked today number nine of 189 economies across the world by the World Bank index that measures the ease of starting a business -- a sentiment echoed by fledgling businesspeople such as Kayobotsi . "  You can actually create a company in the morning and receive your incorporation certificate in the afternoon of the same day , " he says . Yet , there are still many risks that budding entrepreneurs in Rwanda need to navigate . "  One of the challenges I see not just for a bakery but for many businesses in Kigali is the fact that we are landlocked and transport costs are huge , " says the Brioche founder . "  We do purchase some flour locally but the bulk of it comes from France and Belgium , " he adds . "  Electricity is also very expensive . " ` No need of aid ' Despite such challenges , Kayobotsi has big plans for the future . Although Brioche has yet to make a profit , because of the startup costs , Kayobotsi eyes bigger growth and has already purchased two more store locations in Kigali . He is also planning to build a massive central kitchen so he can maintain quality control and supply all of his Brioche bakeries in the city . "  I am a firm believer that Africa -- and Rwanda -- is in no need of aid or government programs but of private sector investments , " he says . "  Only private sector investments , in my view , can have the magnitude in terms of scale and creativity that is required to create the millions of jobs that Africa needs for its young generation . " READ THIS : Teen turns $ 14 into paper bag empire READ THIS : Pizza maker ` gets Nairobi naked '	Jean-Philippe Kayobotsi has launched "  Brioche , " a high-end bakery in Kigali , Rwanda He opened Brioche 's doors in May and has also purchased two more store locations Rwanda is ranked number nine in the world on the ease of starting a business Transport costs and expensive electricity are some of the challenges
CNN  -- Ugandan authorities did not initially detect an Ebola outbreak because patients were n't showing typical symptoms of the lethal virus , the nation 's health minister told CNN on Sunday . Patients had fevers and were vomiting , but did not show other typical symptoms like hemorrhaging , Health Minister Dr. Christine Ondoa said . A team made up of personnel from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the Ugandan health ministry and the World Health Organization early Monday were in Kibaale , a district in the midwestern part of the landlocked central African nation , WHO said in a statement . Medecins Sans Frontieres , also known as Doctors Without Borders , also is involved in setting up an "  isolation center " at Kibaale 's hospital . National health authorities say the outbreak has infected at least 20 people , of whom 14 have died . Nine of the deaths were from a single household in the village of Nyanswiga , according to WHO . A medic who was treating victims is among the dead , Ondoa said . Officials are trying to determine the extent of the outbreak , CDC spokesman Tom Skinner said Sunday . The Atlanta-based organization was sending about five people to join a group of CDC staffers who are permanently based in Uganda , according to the spokesman . "  These outbreaks have a tendency to stamp themselves out , if you will , if we can get in and ... stop the chain of transmission , " he said . Ondoa described the Ebola-Sudan strain detected as "  mild " compared to other types of Ebola , noting that victims ' lives can be saved with intervention . The cases have emerged in Kibaale , where a national task force had been mobilized in an effort to combat the outbreak . As of early Monday in Uganda , two people with the virus remained hospitalized in stable condition , said WHO . One was a 38-year-old woman who 'd attended to her sister , the medic who died , and another was a 30-year-old woman who participated in the burial of one of the other victims . The Ebola virus is considered a highly infectious disease spread through direct contact with bodily fluids , with symptoms that include fever , vomiting , diarrhea , abdominal pain , headache , measles-like rash , red eyes and at times bleeding from body openings . Health officials urged the public to report suspected cases and avoid contact with anyone who has contracted the virus and to disinfect the bedding and clothing of an infected person by using protective gloves and masks . Officials also advised against eating dead animals , especially monkeys , and to avoid public gatherings in the affected district . Given these precautions , WHO said in its statement that it would not recommend any travel restrictions to Uganda because of the Ebola outbreak . An explainer on Ebola CNN 's Nick Valencia , David Ariosto , Nana Karikari-apau , Jennifer Deaton and Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	NEW : WHO and CDC experts are in Kibaale near the outbreak 's center , WHO says The lethal Ebola virus left at least 14 people dead in midwestern Uganda this month Patients did not show some typical symptoms , the health minister says The Ebola virus is considered a highly infectious disease spread through direct contact
CNN  -- North Korea is "  skating very close to a dangerous line " after weeks of saber-rattling , U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel warned Wednesday as northeast Asia watched for an expected missile test . "  Their actions and their words have not helped defuse a combustible situation , " Hagel told reporters at the Pentagon . He said the United States and its allies want to see North Korean rhetoric "  ratcheted down , " but if that does n't happen , "  our country is fully prepared to deal with any contingency . " "  We have every capacity to deal with any action North Korea will take to protect this country and the interests of this country and our allies , " Hagel said . American radar and satellites are trained on the east coast of the Korean Peninsula , where the communist government of Kim Jong Un is believed to have prepared mobile ballistic missiles for launch at any time , U.S. and South Korean officials warned . Japan has deployed missile defense systems around Tokyo , some Chinese tour groups have canceled visits to North Korea and the top U.S. commander in the Pacific said Tuesday that he could n't recall a time of greater tension in the region since the end of the Korean War in the 1950s . Cheney to GOP leaders : ` We 're in deep doo-doo ' on North Korea Since December , North Korea has put a satellite in orbit atop a long-range rocket ; conducted a nuclear bomb test , its third since 2006 ; and claimed to be prepared for pre-emptive nuclear attacks on the United States , though most analysts believe it does not yet have that capability . The north has given ample warning to the world before previous long-range rocket launches -- but it is keeping everyone guessing about what it might do this time around . Intelligence suggests that North Korea may be planning "  multiple missile launches " in the coming days beyond two Musudan mobile missiles it has placed along its east coast , Pentagon officials told CNN . The officials did not have specifics on the numbers of other missiles and launchers . One official said the North Koreans are military "  masters of deception , " and may have planned all along to focus the world 's attention on the Musudans while they plan multiple launches of other missiles . That 's a tactic they have used in the past , the official said . The United States is less troubled about the other missiles , a second Pentagon official told CNN . "  We 've been seeing some launchers moving around . These are smaller and do n't cause us as much concerns , " that official said . "  We think these movements are within seasonal norms for their exercises . " But he did n't discount the possibility that they might launch some of those , as they often do . The Musudan is an untested weapon that South Korea says has a range as far as 3,500 kilometers  2,175 miles  . That would mean it could reach as far as Guam , a Western Pacific territory that is home to U.S. naval and air bases and where the United States recently said it was placing missile defense systems . After a launch , U.S. satellites and radars in the region would be able to calculate the trajectory of missiles within minutes and quickly conclude whether they are on a test path headed for open ocean or potentially headed for land areas such as Japan . The United States and Japan would then have to decide whether to try to shoot the missiles down , U.S. officials say . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Wednesday told CNN that despite being an ally of North Korea , it stands with the United States . "  On North Korea , we have no differences with the United States . One just should n't scare anyone with military maneuvers and there 's a chance things might calm down , " he said . U.S. , North Korean officials met secretly in March A launch without warning ? South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se said at a parliamentary hearing Wednesday that "  according to intelligence obtained by our side and the U.S. , the possibility of a missile launch by North Korea is very high , " the semiofficial South Korean news agency Yonhap reported . Yun said he was basing his assessment on South Korean and U.S. intelligence . On Tuesday , a U.S. official said that the American government believes a test launch could happen at any time and without North Korea issuing a standard notice to commercial aviation and maritime shipping that would warn planes and vessels to stay away from the missile 's path . The official , who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the information , cautioned that most of the information comes from satellite imagery , so it 's impossible to reach a definitive conclusion because the United States can not gather information on the ground . He said the launch could be "  imminent " but also cautioned that the United States "  simply does n't know . " Based on what the United States has seen , the belief is that the missiles have received their liquid fuel and are ready for launch . Speaking at a Senate Armed Services hearing Tuesday , Locklear said the U.S. military would not want to shoot down a North Korean missile whose trajectory would send it into the open sea . But he said if a missile 's path appeared to threaten a U.S. ally , such as Japan , interceptor missiles could be used to try to bring it down . Japan poised to react ` calmly ' Japan 's deployment of missile defenses in Tokyo follows similar measures taken ahead of the North 's rocket launches last year . Prime Minister Shinzo Abe told reporters Tuesday that his government would do "  calmly " whatever needed to be done to protect its population . In a sign of the level of concern , however , the port city of Yokohama had to apologize for prematurely publishing a warning of a missile launch on the Twitter page of its emergency management agency . The tweet was up for about 20 minutes before being removed . The agency said that the misleading tweet was caused by human error and that it would work on changing its system to prevent the problem from happening again . Since the U.N. Security Council voted last month to impose new sanctions on Kim 's regime over the latest North Korean nuclear test , Pyongyang has kept up a steady flow of words and acts that could give the impression of a nation heading inexorably toward conflict . On Tuesday , it advised foreigners in South Korea to secure shelter or evacuate the country in case of hostilities on the Korean Peninsula , the latest in a string of ominous warnings . It also kept more than 50,000 of its workers from an industrial complex jointly operated with South Korea , which had been a key symbol of cooperation between the two countries . North Korea 's war of words escalates : A timeline of the crisis ` Holiday atmosphere ' inside North Korea But on the same day , state media published articles that described festive events and international visits , suggesting a much less fraught situation inside North Korea . The state-run Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  reported that various sporting events were happening or scheduled to take place to mark the 101st anniversary next week of the birth of Kim Il Sung , the founder of North Korea and the grandfather of Kim Jong Un . "  The ongoing sports tournaments make the country seethe with holiday atmosphere , " KCNA said . Kim Il Sung 's birthday , known as the Day of the Sun , is a major public holiday in North Korea . The planned events include an international marathon Sunday in Pyongyang in which runners from North Korea and other countries will participate . KCNA also noted Tuesday the arrival by plane in North Korea of a delegation from the Japan-Korea Society for Scientific and Educational Interchange . Such visits sit strangely alongside the North 's warning last week to foreign diplomats in Pyongyang that it would n't be able to guarantee their safety in the event of a conflict . Some North Korea watchers have observed that the regime 's domestic propaganda has focused recently on efforts to promote economic development , while the bellicose threats appear targeted primarily at a foreign audience . North Korea 's missile capabilities Varying levels of concern The angry rhetoric has also failed to alarm South Koreans , who have lived through decades of North Korean bombast . Residents of Seoul have continued to go unflappably about their daily business . "  South Korea has been living under such threats from the past , and we are always prepared for it , " South Korean Unification Minister Ryoo Kihl-jae told CNN on Wednesday . He called the current climate "  a very ordinary situation . " "  North Korea may launch missiles at any time , and our military is fully prepared for it , " he said . But the North 's fiery words appear to have had an effect on the American public , with 41 % of those surveyed saying they see the reclusive nation as an immediate threat to the United States , according to a recent CNN/ORC International poll . That 's up 13 percentage points in less than a month , CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . "  If North Korean leader Kim Jong Un wanted to get the attention of the American public , his strategy is starting to work , " Holland said . Andrei Lankov , a professor of history at Kookmin University in Seoul , noted the varying levels of concern in an opinion article for The New York Times published Tuesday . "  The farther one is from the Korean Peninsula , the more one will find people worried about the recent developments here , " he said . The tense situation does appear to have prompted some Chinese tour groups to call off upcoming trips to North Korea . Hong Lei , a spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry , said Wednesday that some agencies and tourists had canceled plans , but he said the Chinese-North Korean border continued to operate normally . Western tourism agencies that organize visits to North Korea have n't so far reported any changes to their activities . DMZ : Tensions high at knife-edge of Korean conflict A troubled industrial zone The most tangible signs of disruption are in the Kaesong Industrial Complex , the manufacturing zone on the North Korean side of the border where more than 120 South Korean companies operate . Last week , the North started blocking South Korean personnel from crossing the border back into the complex . And this week , it said it was pulling out the more than 50,000 North Koreans who work inside the zone and temporarily suspending activities there . It had blocked the border crossing previously , in 2009 , but pulling out the workers was a new step . As of Wednesday lunchtime , only a few hundred South Koreans remained inside the complex , according to South Korean authorities , down from more than 800 before the North started restricting entry . Also on Wednesday , South Korea accused the North of carrying out a wave of cyberattacks that paralyzed the networks of major South Korean banks and broadcasters last month . It is the first time that Seoul has formally pointed the finger at Pyongyang for the hacking , which affected more than 48,000 computers . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Joe Sterling , Elise Labott , K.J. Kwon , Brian Walker , Tim Schwarz , Kyung Lah , Judy Kwon , David McKenzie , Tom Cohen and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : North Korea "  skating very close to a dangerous line , " Pentagon chief says Intelligence suggests North Korea could be planning multiple launches , U.S. official says The U.S. believes test could occur without standard warning to aviation , shipping Recent North Korean threats contrast with some of its other state news reports
Hong Kong  CNN  -- It 's likely someone from Hong Kong has just beaten you to this story . The city was found to have the highest average peak connection speed of just over 54 megabits per second during the third quarter of 2012 , according to analysis by Akamai Technologies . It 's the first time speeds have shot past 50 Mbps and , if the global trend continues , it 's just going to get faster . While there was a slight drop in pace over the quarter , over the year average peak speeds surged 36 % . In the peak speed stakes , Hong Kong is followed by South Korea  48.8 Mbps  , Japan  42.2 Mbps  , Latvia  37.5 Mbps  and Romania  37.4 Mbps  . The United States straggled in in 14th place with 29.6 Mbps . The U.S. state with the fastest connection is still Delaware with a swift 10.9 Mbps , although the District of Columbia is catching up . For the fastest average connection speeds in Europe , head over to Switzerland  8.7 Mbps  , which just beats the Netherlands  8.5 Mbps  to second , while the Czech Republic  7.7 Mbps  is in third . The place NOT to be for speedy downloads is China . Despite a 21 % jump in connection speed during the quarter , the country 's average peak connection reached just 7.1 Mbps . That makes it the slowest in Asia and gives it a lowly global rank of 123 . For consistency , South Korea was the best place to log on , boasting the highest average connection speed of 14.2 Mbps . Japan came second at 10.7 Mbps and Hong Kong third with a surprisingly sluggish 8.9 Mbps . The State of the Internet Report also revealed the top sources of Internet attacks , as well as the most common targets . Once again , China was found to be the single largest source of attack traffic -- 33 % -- during the quarter . Attacks from the country doubled during the period , a statistic the report described as "  somewhat surprising . " The United States and Russia came next in the top three . In all , the top 10 countries were responsible for almost three quarters of global attacks . Akamai releases its report every quarter , based on information gathered from 680 million unique IP addresses connected to its cloud platform .	Hong Kong fastest for peak connection speeds , past 50 Mbps South Korea , Japan also lead global rankings compiled by Akamai
CNN  -- Virgin , a leading branded venture capital organization , is one of the world 's most recognized and respected brands . Conceived in 1970 by Richard Branson , the company started out with a magazine four years before that , which Branson began while still at school . The next move was into the music industry , setting up Virgin as a music retailer and then branching out into music production . The first recording was the 1973 smash "  Tubular Bells , " by Mike Oldfield . The Virgin Group has gone on to grow very succesful businesses in sectors ranging from mobile telephony , to transportation , travel , financial services , leisure , music , holidays , publishing and retailing . Virgin has created more than 200 branded companies worldwide , employing approximately 50,000 people , in 29 countries . Revenues around the world in 2006 exceeded # 10 billion  $ 20 billion  . In 2002 , the combined sales of the different Virgin holding companies exceeded # 4 billion  $ 8 billion  . The equity of Virgin Music Group -- record labels , music publishing and recording studios -- was sold to THORN EMI in 1992 in a $ 1 billion deal . E-mail to a friend	The Virgin Group was founded by Richard Branson in 1970 Student Magazine , started by Branson at 16 , was forerunner to the group Today Virgin has more than 200 companies in a range of industries
CNN  -- It was one of the most surreal images in American history : A river , so fouled with industrial waste that it caught fire and burned . In June 1969 , Cleveland 's Cuyahoga River become the poster child for the birth of the modern American environmental movement . Concerns over air and water pollution helped spawn the modern environmental movement in the 1960s . No matter that this was at least the tenth time the Cuyahoga had ignited . The times , they were a-changing , and a burning river confirmed what many already believed : The environment was changing , too . Rachel Carson 's book , "  Silent Spring , " published seven years earlier , had lit the spark . The mild-mannered government scientist documented how the pesticide DDT was jeopardizing countless bird species , from tiny hummingbirds to the national symbol , the bald eagle . Smog from traffic and factories had become a national concern . And six months before the torching of the Cuyahoga , a massive oil spill soiled the shores of Santa Barbara , California . In the midst of the anti-Vietnam war movement , the women 's movement , and more , a divided America also found room for an environmental movement . "  We have been acting out the classic cartoon image of a man sitting on the branch of a tree and sawing it off behind him , " wrote Philip Shabecoff in his 1993 book , "  A Fierce Green Fire : The American Environmental Movement . " Shabecoff described environmentalism as a "  broad social movement " that was attempting to build a "  desperately needed but difficult and obstacle-strewn road " out of humankind 's increasingly polluted predicament . The movement was sanctioned in April 1970 with a nationwide quasi-holiday , the first "  Earth Day . " New organizations formed to rally the masses : Friends of the Earth  1969  , the Natural Resources Defense Council  1970  , and Canadian-born Greenpeace  1971  . Books touting recycling , vegetarianism , and all aspects of a "  green " lifestyle hit the best-seller list . An ersatz Indian who called himself Iron Eyes Cody became a national icon thanks to a 30-second TV spot , where he canoes through an industrial wasteland and sheds a tear for Mother Earth . Stanford Professor Paul Ehrlich became a semi-regular "  Tonight Show " guest . Rachel Carson was one thing , but this was Johnny Carson . The environment had arrived . Even Richard Nixon went green . A President besieged by Vietnam protests saw an opportunity to be the good guy . Nixon founded the Environmental Protection Agency in 1970 and signed a flurry of landmark environmental laws , including the Clean Air Act , the Clean Water Act and the Endangered Species Act -- the vanguard of a new government ethic . The Earth was well on its way to being saved . Or so we thought . Then the movement stalled . Slowed by its own accomplishments , internal squabbles and a growing backlash that government and "  greens " could be doing more harm than good , the environment waned as a cause . Jimmy Carter 's energy-conservation message resonated for a time in the late ' 70 's , but did n't outlast his presidency . Ronald Reagan 's anti-regulation message swept the country in 1980 , and enforcement of conservation and pollution laws dropped off dramatically . The pendulum swung the other way in the late ' 80 's following a massive industrial accident in Bhopal , India  1984  and a nuclear calamity at Chernobyl  1986  . After that , the bad news piled on : We learned about the ozone hole , the first dire reports on global warming , and widespread clearing of the world 's rainforests . iReport.com : Share your ideas on little things you can do to save the planet Smaller , but more telegenic , indignities told the rest of the story : an orphaned garbage barge , on a months-long sojourn in 1988 , showed the folly of making too much waste , while some particularly odious waste in the form of sewage and syringes took up residence on the beaches of New Jersey . In the 1988 election , George H.W. Bush seized the issue for the Republicans , promising to serve as "  the environmental President " and attacking his Democratic rival Mike Dukakis for failing to clean up his hometown Boston Harbor . A few weeks before the elder Bush 's inauguration , Time Magazine lauded Earth as its "  Planet of the Year . " By 1990 , the Earth had gone Hollywood . ABC ran a two-hour , prime time Earth Day Special whose celebrity-studded cast included Dustin Hoffman , Meryl Streep , Robin Williams and many others . Membership in environmental groups boomed , while retailers and manufacturers launched huge ad campaigns touting their newfound green-ness . In 1992 , the U.N. held its "  Earth Summit , " where 108 heads of state met to set goals and declare their good intentions for saving the earth . iReport.com : "  Redneck conservation " by combining chores But in Clinton-era America , the environmental movement soon hit political roadblocks . By 1994 , Americans had once again had it with Big Government , and Newt Gingrich 's "  Contract With America " swept in a new Congress bent on curbing environmental regulations . A big booster of "  market-based " environmentalism , the Speaker of the House outraged conservationists by neutering some of their favorite government programs . If environmental concern was blunted in 1994 , it was buried in the aftermath of September 11 , 2001 . Despite a growing body of evidence about vanishing habitats , waning energy resources and global warming , green issues languished in the global focus on fighting terrorism . Also , President George W. Bush was not widely viewed as a friend of the Earth . The son of the "  Environmental President " led a push to cut budgets , slow enforcement and open up wilderness areas to oil and natural gas exploration . Then , once again , the pendulum swung back . Melting ice caps and back-to-back horrific hurricane seasons in 2004 and 2005 rekindled widespread concern over global warming -- in spite of the fact that there 's no proven link between an individual storm like Katrina and climate change . Several years after exiting the political stage , Al Gore parlayed "  An Inconvenient Truth , " his global-warming slide show , into an Oscar and half of a Nobel Peace Prize . Journalists re-focused on the issue with ambitious projects such as CNN 's "  Planet in Peril . " Which brings us to today . President-elect Barack Obama is promising a stronger focus on renewable energy and environmental stewardship . But Obama also is confronting a global economic crisis , which may limit the time and the resources he can devote to environmental problems . Will financial chaos turn America and the world away from environmental concern yet again ? Or will refocusing on our energy and environmental problems restructure the way the world does business ? We 'll know soon enough . Maybe this time , green will help get us out of the red . CNN.com 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .	The modern American environmental movement is four decades old Movement began in the 1960s and was sanctioned in 1970 with creation of Earth Day Environmentalism became trendy by the 1990s but still faced political headwinds Recent concerns over climate change have given new urgency to the movement
CNN  -- Young Messiah , the "  happiest baby in the world , " according to his mother , is blissfully unaware that a judge ruled that his birth name promises to offend many in his Tennessee community . His mother , Jaleesa Martin , and father , Jawaan McCullough , who are not married , could n't agree on a last name for their baby , now 7 months old . That 's why they ended up in the courtroom of Child Support Magistrate Lu Ann Ballew . Ballew ruled last week that not only should little Messiah 's last name be changed -- from Martin to McCullough -- but also that his first name should be changed . In her ruling , Ballew wrote : " ` Messiah ' is a title that is held only by Jesus Christ " and that naming him this "  places an undue burden on him that as a human being , he can not fulfill . " Her ruling also noted the large Christian population in the Tennessee county where the child was born . Speaking to CNN affiliate WBIR , Ballew , wearing earrings in the shape of a cross , said this was the first time she had ordered a name change . Martin , whose family is Baptist , said there was no religious motivation behind her pick ; rather she 'd heard the name on one of her favorite TV shows and thought it 'd be a good name for her son . She also wanted another "  M " name to go with her other two sons , Mason and Micah . CNN could not reach McCullough for comment . Heartbroken and shocked , Martin told CNN Ballew gave the parents a one-hour recess to pick a new name and then issued the new name when she and the baby 's father could n't come up with one . The judge 's pick : Martin DeShawn McCullough . Martin said that she 'll keep calling her son Messiah and that she has heard from supporters all over the country . She 's also upset about reports she is being attacked online as a bad mother . The Tennessee American Civil Liberties Union is following the case , saying it supports Martin and calling the judge 's ruling unacceptable . "  The bench is not a pulpit , and using it as one , as this judge did , violates the parents ' rights and our sense that people of all faiths will be treated fairly in the courtroom , " Executive Director Hedy Weinberg said . According to U.S. Social Security Administration statistics , Messiah was the fourth-fastest growing name for boys in the United States from 2011 to 2012 . It ranks at Number 387 , between the decidedly traditional names Scott and Jay . Ballew declined CNN 's request for comment . Martin has appealed the court 's decision ; it will go before the Cocke County chancellor next month .	Baby Messiah 's parents could not agree on his last name , so they ended up in court The judge objected to his first name , saying it is "  a title that is held only by Jesus Christ " The stunned mother has appealed the Tennessee judge 's ruling
Cottonwood , Arizona  CNN  -- The cheering was raucous and the applause thunderous for a man who makes few public appearances . As he made his way gingerly across a gravel park , where he had just dedicated a nearly 40-foot statue representing the "  Soul of the Earth , " a voice shouted out : "  I love you , Ilchi Lee . " Lee , a South Korean businessman , is the founder of a national chain of yoga and wellness centers called Dahn Yoga . The company teaches that its physical exercises "  can restore the vibrations of the body and brain to their original , healthy frequencies , " according to a video introduction on its Web site . But Dahn Yoga is now defending itself from allegations by former employees that it is "  a totalistic , high-demand cult group " that demands large sums of money from its followers and enshrines Lee as an "  absolute spiritual and temporal leader . " A lawsuit , filed in a federal court in Arizona , says that recruits "  are unknowingly subjected to an intensive program of psychological manipulation , indoctrination and various techniques of coercive thought reform designed to induce them to become Ilchi Lee 's disciples and devote themselves to serving him and his ` vision . ' " Jade Harrelson , one of more than two dozen plaintiffs in the lawsuit , said Dahn leaders "  prey upon people like me who are ignorant about the way money works . " The company denies the allegations and calls the plaintiffs "  disgruntled former employees . " "  In our 30-year history , we have helped millions of people lead healthier and happier lives , " corporate spokesman Joseph Alexander told CNN . Dahn Yoga set up its first shop in the United States in 1991 , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . It now has 127 storefront centers in the United States , more than 1,000 worldwide , and Forbes magazine estimates the company 's 2009 profits at $ 34 million . Dahn Yoga teaches that what it calls brain wave vibration can ease some of the debilitating symptoms of illnesses such as diabetes and arthritis . Its publicity materials feature praise for Lee from a variety of sources , including Oscar Arias , Costa Rica 's president and a Nobel Peace Prize winner ; and Broadway producer/choreographer Tommy Tune . In addition , Elkhonon Goldberg , a clinical professor of neurology at New York University 's medical school , praises the work of the International Brain Education Association , a group Lee founded . "  IBREA is in a unique position to disseminate knowledge and to serve as a very effective platform for numerous worthwhile projects , " Goldberg is quoted on the Dahn Web site as saying . "  Ilchi Lee should be applauded for his pioneering creative vision in conceiving and launching this innovative organization with a truly international outreach . " Goldberg did not respond to requests for comment from CNN . Harrelson and other former employees say Dahn Yoga instructors coerced them into taking out student loans , then transferring the funds to the company . Payments began in small amounts , she said , then progressively increased as fees for training and courses became more expensive . Harrelson said she eventually paid about $ 40,000 to Dahn . Alexander said no one was ever coerced into giving money to Dahn Yoga . The former employees "  have misinterpreted natural business cycles , natural business goals , as some type of undue pressure , " he said . "  We make no excuses and no apology for the fact that we are a business , " Alexander said . The plaintiffs , he said , "  are after one thing -- they are after money . " And Dahn Yoga attorney Alan Kaplan added , "  Let 's make it clear . My client , Mr. Lee , is not a cult leader . Dahn Yoga is not a cult . " But Ryan Kent , the lawyer who filed suit on behalf of Harrelson and 26 other former employees in May , said Dahn Yoga leaders indoctrinate followers , then "  take advantage of you and take all your money . " Harrelson also said Lee singled her out for special attention and eventually sexually assaulted her while she was living and working in Seoul , South Korea . She said she trusted Lee and saw him as a father figure , eventually following him to Seoul -- where , she says , he assaulted her one night in 2007 at his apartment . "  In my mind , there was no possible way I could have physically or verbally resisted him , " Harrelson told CNN . "  To say no to him was to say no to his soul . I became numb , and so what happened , happened not at my consent . " Harrelson said she never filed a police report . The first time she publicly made the allegation was when she and other former employees filed suit in early 2009 . Dahn Yoga 's U.S. operations are now based near Sedona , Arizona , about 20 miles from Cottonwood -- where Lee appeared in December to dedicate the 39-foot statue of "  Mago . " The name is Korean for "  Soul of the Earth , " the mother figure in a seventh-century creation legend Lee cites as his inspiration . It was a rare appearance for Lee , who is seldom seen in public and routinely travels with a retinue of bodyguards . CNN requested an on-camera interview with Lee through his representatives , but was turned down . When approached at a dedication ceremony in this small Arizona town , he was surrounded by bodyguards , one of whom said the Dahn Yoga founder needed a translator to understand the questions . When a CNN photographer who speaks Korean translated , Lee said it was the first time he had heard of the sex assault allegation . Then his bodyguards forced the camera lens to point toward the ground , and Lee continued to the ribbon-cutting . Later , his attorney said any claims of sexual assault were not true , and "  We are confident we will get those claims dismissed in court . " Harrelson , who goes by "  Jade , " and college friend Liza Miller also say they were strongly urged to undergo extreme physical training at Dahn Yoga 's retreat center in Sedona -- training they say left both women at the brink of exhaustion . One of the exercises , known as "  bow training , " involved deep knee bends to the floor to a prone position and back up again , with hands raised high over their heads . Miller , who has joined the lawsuit , says once she had to do 3,000 of the exercises -- "  Which took about 10 hours , and we did n't eat or drink during that time . " "  People were screaming , people were throwing up , people were running away , " Miller said . "  People were rolling around , moaning , crying , wailing -- there was a lot of emotional distress . We were taught that because of this bow training , we were cleaning what was blocking us , to connect to our soul . " Dahn Yoga calls Miller 's description of the exercise inaccurate . "  These are meditation practices , " Alexander said . "  They are common throughout Asia , especially in Korea . Generally , people do a smaller number of bows , and they build up to more . I know of no one who does 3,000 bows on a regular basis . " And Dahn Yoga instructor Genia Sullivan told CNN , "  The practices that we practice are very helpful . " "  They empower people to really use everything they have to become the best person they can be , and I 've benefited greatly from it , " Sullivan said . Other Dahn employees sent CNN e-mails supportive of the organization and its leader while this report was being prepared . All praised Lee , with one woman saying she had given her life to him and to the organization . The writers all condemned their former colleagues who have gone to court , and they deny the company is a cult . By all accounts , Dahn Yoga is a booming business . Lee is revered by most of its adherents . But some former employees who say they once loved the organization are now saying far different things . "  The problem was way at the top , at the very , very top , things are completely dishonest , " Miller said . "  And that information trickled down so that everyone is believing one thing , which is a total lie . "	Former employees allege Dahn Yoga is "  a totalistic , high-demand cult group " The company denies the allegations and calls the plaintiffs "  disgruntled former employees " An investigation of the claims about Dahn Yoga on tonight 's Campbell Brown , 8 ET
CNN  -- Eighteen people , including two soldiers , were killed Saturday in a gunbattle between the Mexican army and organized-crime suspects in the Mexican resort town of Acapulco , the Mexican Ministry of Defense said Sunday . Mexican soldiers hold rifles Saturday during a clash with organized-crime suspects in Acapulco . The incident began about 7 p.m. , when the soldiers went to a location called Avenida Rancho Grande in Acapulco "  to exploit information obtained through an anonymous tip , " the ministry said in a statement . The soldiers were met by gunfire , it said . Five people were arrested in connection with the shootout . Two soldiers and 16 gunmen were killed , and nine soldiers were wounded , the statement said . The gunmen were not identified , but the statement called them "  members of organized crime . " Authorities seized 36 large-caliber weapons , 13 small-caliber weapons , two grenade launchers , 13 fragmentation grenades , 3,525 rounds of various caliber ammunition , 180 charges and eight vehicles , the ministry said . CNN 's Arthur Brice and CNN en Español 's Luisa Calad contributed to this report .	Mexican soldiers , organized-crime suspects fight in Acapulco , authorities say Two soldiers , 16 "  members of organized crime " killed ; nine other soldiers wounded Five people arrested in connection with shootout ; authorities seize weapons Soldiers were investigating anonymous tip , says Mexican Defense Ministry
CNN  -- Both houses of the New Jersey legislature plan to vote Monday on a controversial bill backed by Democrats that would qualify illegal immigrants for in-state tuition at public colleges and universities . Supporters hope to pass the measure before Democratic Gov. Jon Corzine leaves office . Gov.-elect Christopher J. Christie , a Republican who takes office January 19 , has said he opposes the bill . On Thursday , a Senate vote on the legislation was postponed . After hours of heated debate January 4 , the bill passed the Assembly Appropriations Committee , 7-4 , and the Senate Budget and Appropriations Committee , 8-6 . Both votes were along party lines . To qualify under the bill , New Jersey high school graduates who are illegal immigrants must be enrolled at a public university or college and file an affidavit with the institution stating that they have applied for legal immigration status or will do so when eligible . If signed into law , the bill would be the 11th of its kind . There are similar laws in California , Illinois , Kansas , Nebraska , New Mexico , New York , Oklahoma , Texas , Utah and Washington . In 2008 , Oklahoma ended its support for in-state tuition for students who are in the United States illegally . New Jersey Assemblyman Samuel Thompson , a Republican , said the bill discriminates against U.S. citizens who attend New Jersey colleges and universities but do n't live in the state . Thompson believes illegal immigrants do not have the right to a reduced tuition . "  You can call it undocumented , you can call it whatever you want . But you are not legal and you are not entitled , " Thompson said . Assemblywoman Valerie Huttle , a Democrat , expressed frustration with misconceptions of the bill that label it as a "  free ride " or "  state-funded " education . "  These students have been here for decades , have gone through the school system here and should pay the same as their counterparts who have gone through school with them , " she said . G. Jeremiah Ryan , president of Bergen Community College in Huttle 's district , supports the bill . "  The undocumented kids have a tough time anyway . They 're really good about going to class , " Ryan said . "  Then they stop because they ca n't afford to go to a four-year institution . " The New Jersey Office of Legislative Services said the bill would not affect state revenue because the state does not collect revenue from public colleges and universities . It is estimated that the bill 's provisions would increase the number of illegal immigrants applying for admission . Assemblyman Michael Carroll , a Republican , questioned the validity of a bill that improves illegal immigrants ' access to education when their illegal status prohibits them from giving back to the state in a meaningful way . However , proponents of the bill believe that the young students will be resources for the state . Democrats say that the backlog in applications for citizenship is the real culprit and that the controversy highlights the need for immigration reform on a national level . Daniel Hurley , director of state relations and policy analysis at the American Association of State Colleges and Universities , agreed . "  New Jersey could be the tipping point in terms of energizing Congress to put immigration reform higher on the agenda , " he said . Hurley cited a lack of legislative activity regarding in-state tuition for illegal immigrants in the past few years and applauded the New Jersey legislature . The legislation is the path to a more rational policy on education and immigration on a federal level , he said . "  These men and women are not going back to their native homeland by and large ; they will be staying in New Jersey and the U.S. . The question is : Do we want to facilitate their education and professional aspirations so they can contribute civically and economically , or do we want to prevent that ? " Hurley said . "  They may very well become a liability . " Thompson had blunt words for immigrants whose illegal status he felt nullified their right to education , "  Go back home , apply , come legally , and I 'll welcome you with open arms . " However , students who have lived illegally with their families in the United States see the opportunities the bill would give them . One such student -- Aura , who would only give her first name -- has been praised by teachers for her high grades . "  This bill would just make our school dream possible . They 're not giving it to us for free , " said Aura , who is now a U.S. citizen . "  If they open up this channel for us , we 'll do the rest . "	Democratic backer : Students "  should pay the same as their counterparts " GOP critic : Bill discriminates against some U.S. citizens To qualify , immigrants must be enrolled , must apply for legal status or say they 'll do so
CNN  -- Cyprus , the tiny Mediterranean island bailed out a year ago , remains "  in difficulty ... but not as bad as one would have expected , " its finance minister Harris Georgiades told CNN during an interview in the capital city Nicosia . The country , which was given a 10 billion euro  $ 13.7 billion  injection by the European Union and IMF ago after its banking system collapsed , was the smallest of the euro economies to get help during the bloc 's financial crisis . Unlike the Greek economy which has seen more than a quarter of its GDP wiped out during the past five years , the finance minister said that Cyprus will lose about half that . The European Commission is now forecasting growth in 2015 after a steep contraction of 4.8 % this year and 6 % percent last year . According to Georgiades , the situation is "  bad and I have never tried to paint a rosy picture . " The country has been "  dealing with shortcomings and there were significant shortcomings , we have to admit . " Cypriot banks were big buyers of Greek bonds during the pre-crisis boom , before the 2004 Athens Olympics and until the bottom fell out of economy in 2008 . Cyprus , crippled by losses on Greek debt , set a precedent in the euro crisis by imposing losses on bank depositors . It was a move which infuriated savers , worried investors and pushed the euro crisis back into the headlines . But Georgiades said the country 's main mistake was letting the crisis escalate . "  We should have seen action both on behalf of the Cypriot authorities and the EU two years ago , " he said . One of the key challenges during the rebuilding effort is dealing with an estimated $ 40 billion of non-performing loans which are holding back fresh lending . When asked if a "  bad bank " could be set up to absorb those loans , Georgiades said the banking sector and supervisory authorities "  need to work in a coordinated effort to deal with this problem , " but added , "  I would say that all the possibilities should be left on the table . " Meanwhile , Cyprus ' relationship with Russia is under pressure as the West increases economic pressure on Vladimir Putin 's government and his allies . Relations with the West fractured after Russia 's military intervention in Crimea and its amassing of troops on Ukraine 's border . Russians are strategic investors in Cyprus , and wealthy individuals have long been drawn to the island and its low tax rates . A total of $ 30 billion has been invested by Russian companies over the past two decades , according to the Russian statistical agency ROSSTAT , putting Cyprus just behind the Netherlands as the top EU recipients . Georgiades said Cyprus -- along with its EU partners -- was supporting a "  clear coherent common stance " and was not pushing toward a "  new cold war . " The country 's stance is based on principles of "  sovereign and human rights , " Georgiades said . "  We believe these principles are best served with well thought cool headed action and reaction and not a rushed move into a cold war mentality , " he added . READ MORE : U.S. investors and the Cyprus mess WATCH MORE : Could Cyprus be the next luxury yacht marina ?	Cyprus is starting to rebuild after its banking collapse a year ago , and 10 billion euro bailout The island nation 's finance minister Harris Georgiades says the situation "  is bad " As the country tries to recover , it is also dealing with its relationship with Russia Russia , now being ostracized by the West , is a significant investors in Cyprus
In a bold political and legal move , the Obama administration formally expressed its support for same-sex marriage in California , setting up a high stakes political and constitutional showdown at the U.S. Supreme Court over a fast-evolving and contentious issue . In a broadly worded legal brief on Thursday that senior government sources said had President Barack Obama 's personal input and blessing , the Justice Department asserted gay and lesbian couples in the nation 's most populous state have the same "  equal protection " right to wed and that voters there were not empowered to ban it . "  Use of a voter initiative to promote democratic self-governance can not save a law like Proposition 8 that would otherwise violate equal protection , " said the brief . "  Prejudice may not however be the basis for differential treatment under the law . " California 's 2008 Proposition 8 referendum revoked the right of same-sex couples to wed after lawmakers and the state courts previously allowed it . While the administration weighed in on the situation in California , it specifically refused to argue the constitutional right for same-sex couples to wed there should be extended to the 41 states that currently define marriage as between one man and one woman . The justices will hear the case in March . "  The government seeks to vindicate the defining constitutional ideal of equal treatment under the law , " said Attorney General Eric Holder . "  Throughout history , we have seen the unjust consequences of decisions and policies rooted in discrimination . " "  The issues before the Supreme Court in this case and the Defense of Marriage Act case are not just important to the tens of thousands Americans who are being denied equal benefits and rights under our laws , but to our nation as a whole , " Holder added . The White House was not expected to issue a separate statement . The California matter and another appeal over the federal Defense of Marriage Act will produce blockbuster rulings from the justices in coming months . Same-sex marriage could be a defining moment in Obama 's presidency , similar to the political impact last year when the Supreme Court upheld the health care reform law he spearheaded . He must decide how much political capital to expend in coming months when expressing his views and those of the executive branch . Gay rights groups had privately urged Obama and his top aides to go beyond his previous personal rhetoric in support of the right to marry and come down "  on the side of history . " Opinion : 2013 -- A year for big issues in the courts Obama has already faced strong opposition on the issue from many Republican state and congressional lawmakers , as well as social conservatives . The justices will hear oral arguments in the Proposition 8 case March 26 , with a ruling due by the last week of June . The separate case over the Defense of Marriage Act involves a 1996 law that says for federal purposes , marriage is defined as only between one man and one woman . That means federal tax , Social Security , pension , and bankruptcy benefits , and family medical leave protections do not apply to gay and lesbian couples . That case will be argued March 27 . But it is the California case where the high court is being asked to establish the constitutional "  equal protection " right . The administration is not a party in the appeal and was not required to weigh in , but it decided to file an amicus or "  friend of the court " brief . It is rare for a president to be personally involved in the legal and political considerations in a high court appeal , and sources say he spent a good deal of time reading up on the issue and articulating his views privately . Much of the legal reasoning in any government brief would reflect in large part his personal thinking , gained from his years as a former constitutional law professor . Obama administration weighs in on defense of marriage law There are about approximately 120,000 legally married same-sex couples in the United States . The administration , in its brief , also hinted that so-called "  civil union " laws in California and seven other states may be unconstitutional . In what some have labeled the "  eight-state strategy , " the Justice Department argues civil union and domestic partnership laws in California , Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , Nevada , New Jersey , Oregon , and Rhode Island may be unconstitutional and that they should go all the way and grant them full marriage rights . "  The object of California 's establishment of the legal relationship of domestic partnership is to grant committed same-sex couples rights equivalent to those accorded a married couple . but Proposition 8 , by depriving same-sex couples of the right to marry , denies them the dignity , respect , and stature accorded similarly situated opposite-sex couples under state law , " the court brief said . Such civil union laws in most cases provide the same rights of marriage under state law , without actually calling it that . Dozens of advocacy groups on both sides of the issue have bombarded the high court with briefs , including a coalition of national Republicans , business , faith , and military leaders supporting same-sex marriage . Among the prominent conservative names lending their view : former Utah governor and presidential candidate Jon Huntsman , Hewlitt-Packard chief executive and former California gubernatorial candidate Meg Whitman , U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen  R-Florida  , and actor Clint Eastwood . "  As a Republican , I believe in protecting individual freedoms and that everyone , including gay and lesbian Americans , has a constitutional right to be treated equally under the law , " said former Rep. Jim Kolbe . California state officials , including Gov. Jerry Brown , a Democrat , also weighed in to oppose Proposition 8 . "  California 's interests in protecting all of its children are best served by allowing these same-sex couples to enjoy the same benefits of marriage as opposite-sex couples , " state Attorney General Kamala Harris said of the estimated 50,000 youngsters being raised by gay and lesbian couples in the state . Obama has had an evolving position on gay rights , once supporting only civil unions . But in his inaugural address last month , he raised expectations , and perhaps signaled his impending legal views , when offering sweeping rhetoric . "  Our journey is not complete until our gay brothers and sisters are treated like anyone else under the law -- for if we are truly created equal , then surely the love we commit to one another must be equal as well . " Opinion : Gay Americans pay more taxes for fewer rights In February , a federal appeals court in San Francisco ruled the California measure unconstitutional . In its split decision , the panel found that Proposition 8 "  works a meaningful harm to gays and lesbians " by denying their right to civil marriage . The Supreme Court has discretion to rule narrowly or broadly on the aspects of the legal and procedural questions raised . Eastwood inks support for same-sex marriage	Obama administration files formal brief in same-sex marriage appeal Brief says that gay and lesbian couples have equal protection right to wed But administration refuses to argue that right should be extended Two same-sex marriage cases now before the Supreme Court
CNN  -- Virgin Atlantic 's outgoing chief executive officer , Steve Ridgway , says the company is flourishing in the industry 's "  squeezed middle , " between low-cost and behemoth airlines . The 60-year-old , who took the helm in 2001 and announced his resignation this week , spoke to CNN about his time with Virgin , which he joined in 1989 . Since then , Virgin has expanded from two 747s to 40 long-haul aircraft -- but competition in the industry has also intensified . "  We were completely squeezed at the beginning , and so maybe we 've gone from being completely squeezed to being squeezed middle , " Ridgway told CNN . "  But it 's something that makes us flourish . " He added , "  I think that keeps us on our toes , it 's meant that we continue to grow . And above all , we continue to innovate . " The company , founded by British tycoon Sir Richard Branson and famed for luxury in-flight entertainment , specializes in long-haul flights . But Ridgway wants Virgin Atlantic to expand and launch short-haul journeys , in an attempt to break BA 's monopoly over European flying routes . He said : "  We 've already put in our application to fly to Moscow . I was up in Scotland last week looking at the routes . " Ridgway , who will step down in March next year , rejected suggestions that he was leaving the company over a pay dispute and said Virgin Atlantic management has been "  legendary " in building up the carrier to its current size . He declined to speculate on a successor , saying : "  It 's too early to say . We are starting -- we started a process , and that will now run now through the rest of the year . " CNN 's Oliver Joy contributed to this report	Virgin Atlantic CEO Steve Ridgway announced his surprise departure next March Rejected suggestions that he was leaving the company over a pay dispute The 60-year-old took the helm in 2001 , expanding from two to 40 long-haul craft Declined to speculate on a successor : "  It 's too early to say "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Los Angeles International Airport completed the reopening of all its terminals early Saturday afternoon , when business finally resumed at the terminal where a TSA officer was fatally shot a day earlier . "  Terminal 3 is now fully reopened and operational , " Gina Marie Lindsey , head of Los Angeles World Airports , said around 1:10 p.m.  4:10 p.m. ET  Saturday . That 's the terminal where a gunman shot three TSA officers Friday morning , killing one of them , before being shot himself and taken into custody . Throughout Saturday morning , LAX struggled with flight delays , but authorities were able to allow passengers to retrieve their possessions that had been abandoned during Friday 's emergency evacuation . Uniformed and undercover police will continue a high security posture "  for the foreseeable future , " said Airport Police Chief Patrick Gannon . The FBI was still working the shooting scene Saturday inside Terminal 3 , and its flights had been assigned to other terminals during the morning , airport officials said . Meanwhile , the airport entrance 's 100-foot pylons "  will light the night blue through Sunday in honor of fallen TSA Officer  Gerardo  Hernandez , " airport officials said on its Twitter account . By late Saturday morning , all of LAX 's roadways were open . In all , the violence affected an estimated 1,550 scheduled flights with about 167,050 passengers from the start of the incident around 9:30 a.m. Friday through midnight , airport officials said . Those totals consist of 826 scheduled departure flights with an estimated 99,200 passengers and 724 arrival flights with 67,850 passengers . "  Please contact ur airline for flight status before coming to LAX , " the airport said on Twitter . "  Thank you to law enforcement , airlines , agencies & traveling public for your teamwork & patience as we return your LAX to normal operations . " The Federal Aviation Administration announced it ordered a ground stop that ended at 3 p.m. PT  6 p.m. ET  . It applied to LAX-bound flights that were departing from airports in the western United States ; those aircraft were held at their departure airports , the FAA said in a statement . On Friday morning , about 9:20 a.m. PT  12:20 p.m. ET  , a gunman opened fire at a Transportation Security Administration checkpoint . One TSA officer was killed and two others were injured . By Friday afternoon , the airport was letting employees back into Terminals 1 and 2 , said Lindsey , the airport 's executive director . There was "  no time frame " of when the FBI will complete its investigation in Terminal 3 , the airport said . Passengers expecting to fly out of Terminal 3 should contact their airlines for more information , Lindsey said . Many travelers took the delays in stride . Some stuck in airplanes at LAX took to Twitter to document their delays , but the tone was largely respectful . "  First time I have been to LA in years and have been on Tarmac for 2 hrs due to Lax shooting . Prayers go out to all victims , " wrote @joeycorrado .	NEW : Police will maintain high security for the "  foreseeable future , " chief says Terminal 3 where shooting occurred is now fully reopened 100-foot pylons at LAX entrance "  will light the night blue " to honor fallen TSA officer About 1,550 scheduled flights with about 167,050 passengers were affected , airport says
CNN  -- The NFL draft , kicking off Thursday night , will always bring back special memories for me . It changed my life . I was fortunate to be selected in the first round by the Tennessee Titans in 2000 . The first paycheck I received was for well over $ 700,000 and I had just turned 23 years old . This instantly made me the wealthiest person in my family . Starting tonight , hundreds of young men will be anxiously waiting for their phones to ring with an NFL head coach on the other end saying they were just selected to play in the league . That call validates all the hard work and understanding of the game , but it does n't teach you how to manage the wealth and business decisions that come with it . My agent , the late Gary Wichard , made me well aware in my rookie year that the NFL is a business as well as a game . Gary would always speak about the business side of the game , league operations and the importance of "  not wasting your money . " He never advised me what to do with my money or who I should let oversee my accounts . His main emphasis was on saving as much money as I could so that when I retired I would n't have to change my lifestyle . He taught me that the average draft pick , even one who only plays the league average three to four years , should be able to live comfortably for the rest of his life . He might need to work , but does n't need to settle for a profession he 's not interested in . These talks were instrumental throughout my career and still play in my head today . I never felt the pressure of having to buy a big house , multiple cars , a ton of jewelry or everyone in my family a home . I took care of my simple needs -- a townhouse and the car I always wanted . The rest of that money I put directly into my money manager account , where I could monitor my funds until I found someone I was comfortable investing with . Whenever investment opportunities arise , I make sure the pitcher gets vetted by each layer of my team and I insist on a business plan or else we ca n't talk . This provides a solid form of checks and balances that allows me to make confident decisions when doing business . By making it to the NFL , you have defied major odds and will be rewarded for it . The top players in this year 's draft will become instant millionaires and others will make hundreds of thousands with their salary and bonus . It 's highly unlikely you will make that kind of money once your playing career is over . Bleacher Report 's mock draft The reality is that no matter how financially responsible you try to be , money will be wasted . It is unrealistic to expect an NFL rookie in his early 20s with equal amounts of testosterone and cash not to spend money recklessly at some point . For most draft picks , popping bottles in night clubs , picking up tabs for expensive dinners and taking friends and family on extravagant vacations becomes very expensive . I have been a part of all these scenarios , but this type of spending is n't generally how players lose all their earnings from the NFL . The majority of financial woes come from untrustworthy financial advisers , family members , poor business deals , second homes and other low-return investments like restaurants , bars , nightclubs and music studios I have been fortunate to have received terrible financial advice only once causing me to take a loss . This advice came at a cheap price compared to the millions of dollars lost by players I know personally . Unfortunately , the people you should be able to trust the most can be the ones to cause you the most harm . You 've got to keep it simple . I would estimate that 60 % of the NFL players I 've known over my 11-year career have had some type of money issue . I do n't mean bankrupt , but they are unable to sustain the lifestyle they should be living after a successful NFL career . Many players never stop for a minute to think about the much smaller paycheck that comes after football . Even if you retire with a few million dollars in your portfolio , the boredom of no longer having a routine will get the best of you . Halfway through my career I got even more serious about educating myself for life after football . The NFL offers business , entrepreneurship and other educational workshops . Bleacher Report 's full draft coverage Right now I am enrolled in George Washington University 's Star EMBA executive business program , which builds on the unique experience of individuals with personal brands and creates a customized degree in business education . I also co-host on SiriusXM NFL Radio and do color commentary in Nashville for Titans preseason games with my old teammate and friend , Heisman trophy winner Eddie George , who has already received his MBA . It was extremely important for me to be a student of my finances , business and other interests outside football . It led to the discovery of other interests and opportunities that I am pursuing now that I am retired . Now that I 've set myself up financially , my "  simple " filter has more of a focus on looking for opportunities that will help me continue to learn and grow . My football career gave me that opportunity , to be able to enjoy the rest of my life with financial stability and focus on things I 'm passionate about . Thanks , Gary . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Keith Bulluck	Keith Bulluck says NFL players can live comfortably for the rest of their lives if they make smart decisions He says players need to know the NFL is a business , not a game Bulluck says players need to prepare for the much smaller paycheck that will come when they leave the NFL
CNN  -- Large swaths of the Midwest and Mid-Atlantic dug out Saturday hours after killer thunderstorms barreled through , a recovery made more complicated -- and dangerous -- by intense summer heat . At least 12 people , from Ohio to New Jersey , were killed as a result of downed trees and power lines . The destruction prompted the governors of Virginia , West Virginia and Ohio to declare states of emergency , with Maryland indicating it would do the same . "  This is on par with Hurricane Irene , " said Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , referring to last year 's storm that was blamed for at least 20 deaths across eight states . Neighboring Virginia was particularly hard hit , with six deaths . At one point , the Old Dominion State had about 1 million power outages -- more than any other state and , according to its governor , the most caused by any weather event that was n't a hurricane . "  This is not a one-day situation ; it is a multi-day challenge , " Gov. Bob McDonnell said . Joseph Rigby , president of the electric company Pepco , said it could be a week before power is back up in some areas of Washington . "  Given the damage , you can understand this is going to take some time , " he said . "  The wild card is the weather . " The storms raced east Friday and into Saturday from Indiana through Ohio and into West Virginia and the nation 's capital , carrying winds gusting as strong as 80 miles per hour . They left behind hundreds of downed power lines and trees that littered roads and damaged homes . "  This was a storm that obviously came upon us very quickly , without a great deal of notice , and the devastation that was caused is very significant , " New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said , noting there 's a particular need for fuel , generators and communications equipment in light of the storms . Nearly 4 million people were without power across the affected states at one point Saturday , a number that dropped by the end of the night to around 3 million . Those killed included two cousins in New Jersey , ages 2 and 7 , who 'd huddled with their families in a tent in Parvin State Park when strong winds felled a pine tree , crushing them . Their relatives all survived relatively unscathed , said Larry Ragonese , a spokesman for New Jersey 's Department of Environmental Protection . Record heat , storms bring despair , ` horror ' A 30-year-old Kentucky man driving in Clark County late Friday came across downed limbs . When Michael Martin left his vehicle to clear the road , county coroner Robert Gayheart said , a tree fell , killing him . In Washington , where 19 intersections were without working traffic lights at one point Saturday , a couple was electrocuted after they went outside to check on downed power lines . The husband was killed while the wife -- who is in critical condition at a local hospital with burns -- is expected to survive , said police spokesman Araz Alali . The storm affected Amtrak service , including shutting down service between Washington and Philadelphia on Saturday morning . But those most inconvenienced were aboard a train that left New York early Friday morning ended up grinding to a halt at 11 p.m. that night in Prince , West Virginia , after trees blocked tracks both in front of and behind it , Amtrak spokesman Steve Kulm said . Finally by 8:20 p.m. Saturday , the 232 passengers -- who 'd stayed aboard the Chicago-bound train , which had air conditioning and food -- had been taken off and put on buses so they could reach their final destinations , according to Kulm . CSX , which is clearing the debris from the tracks , on Saturday night was "  working as hard as we can to get service restored on our lines , " company spokesman Bob Sullivan said . 5 tips to survive extreme heat The storm 's fury was felt online , as well , when digital clouds were knocked out by real ones . Power outages temporarily knocked out some Amazon Cloud services in Virginia , taking down sites that rely on them , including Netflix , Pinterest and Instagram . The aftermath of the storm was compounded by a forecast of another sweltering summer day . Without power ? Share your photos , videos , stories with CNN iReport , but please stay safe One in three Americans baked Saturday in an area of nearly 600,000 square miles experiencing unusually hot weather . That included record-breaking conditions in many locales , with temperatures above 100 degrees Fahrenheit dangerously common . Excessive heat warnings were issued in 14 states , indicating dangerous conditions for those unable to find refuge in a cool locale . And while there may be some cooling in some spots early next week , temperatures still are expected to remain at least in the 90s . In storm-affected areas , many people had no electricity to run fans , air-conditioning and refrigerators . Emergency rooms in Prince George 's County , Maryland , filled up Saturday by people looking to escape the heat , said Fran Phillips , deputy secretary for the state 's Department of Health and Mental Hygiene . She noted that libraries and community centers across the state would stay open late , to act as cooling center . And at the Congressional Country Club in Bethesda , just north of Washington , third round play of the AT&T National was delayed as trees and tents came crashing down and the PGA venue was left without power . 5 tips to survive extreme heat By Saturday afternoon , the course was eerily quiet -- still closed to fans and volunteers -- even after play resumed . Even in places where power was not disrupted , people with no air-conditioning were advised to spend the day in a library , a cooling center or some other such place to avoid heat exhaustion . The U.S. Centers of Disease Control and Prevention was among many government agencies trying to keep people informed -- from knowing when the food in your suddenly inoperable freezer ca n't be eaten to taking a cool bath if you do n't have AC . WCSC : New weather bug system could keep carriage horses healthy The Jackson County medical examiner in western Missouri , for instance , was investigating three deaths that may be related to the heat , according to the Kansas City Health Department . "  Current indications are that this heat wave will continue well into next week , though there is still some uncertainty in the forecast , " the National Weather Service said in its warning around St. Louis . "  The effects of excessive heat are cumulative ... Take action to protect your health . " Will 2012 be the hottest summer on record ? CNN 's Moni Basu , Maggie Schneider , Stephanie Gallman , Darrel Calhoun , Fabi Rodriguez , Greg Botelho , Faith Karimi , Athena Jones and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NEW : About 3 million still without power in several states due to powerful storms Downed trees and power lines kill 12 people , including a 30-year-old Kentucky man Many were dealing with the sizzling heat without fans , air-conditioning and refrigeration "  This is on par with Hurricane Irene , " Maryland 's governor says
Leicester , England  CNN  "  God save King Richard ! " A cry rings out in the bright spring air as the simple oak coffin of Richard III is carried away from the tower block-filled campus of the University of Leicester for the final time . The medieval monarch 's skeleton has been kept at the university since its discovery beneath a council car parking lot in the city sparked excitement around the world in August 2012 . But on Sunday the bones -- which have been studied by archaeologists and experts from all fields in the years since -- ended their tenure as scientific specimens and became , once more , the mortal remains of a king . Some 35,000 people lined the streets of Leicester and the surrounding towns and villages as the cortege wound its way through the countryside to the site of Richard 's final battle , Bosworth , where he died in 1485 , before returning to the city for a commemoration at Leicester Cathedral . The day began on the freshly-mown lawns in front of the university 's Fielding Johnson Building , where a crowd gathered for a solemn service of farewell , dignitaries dressed in their Sunday best alongside students and local families clad in jeans and waterproof jackets in case of a March shower . Leicester University student Anna Boyer , from North Carolina , said she and her classmates had come to watch the ceremony "  so I can say I was here , " adding : "  It 's an important historical event -- we do n't have things like this in the States . " Leicester alumni Sara and Leeroy Paskell brought their daughters Saoirse , 6 , and Orlaith , 9 , to watch the cortege pass by . "  We thought it would be nice for the children to see it , " said Sara Paskell . "  It is amazing to be part of history , it makes me really proud of the university and of Leicester . " That pride is something which those who helped in the search for Richard III share . Leicester University 's president and vice-chancellor Paul Boyle said the discovery of the bones had been a "  defining moment " which "  reshaped history , " and pointed out that the university had been custodian of Richard III 's remains for longer than he ruled England . Genetics expert Turi King , who proved the identity of the bones by matching their DNA to a living relative of the monarch , Michael Ibsen , said : "  It has been an amazing project to be part of -- we all feel very privileged to be involved . " King , who read Robert Frost 's poem "  The Road Not Taken " at the university service and laid a white rose -- a reminder of Richard 's heritage as a member of the House of York -- on the coffin , said she considered the commemorations the end of a chapter in his story , but not the end of the story itself ; she is still working to sequence his entire genome . Michael Ibsen and another living relative of Richard III , Wendy Duldig , were there as the hearse carrying the coffin pulled away from the somber grey-brown bricks of the Fielding Johnson Building ; accompanied by archaeologist Richard Buckley , who led the dig which uncovered the King 's bones , they walked silently behind as the cortege 's journey began . Thousands of people lined the route of the procession , out through the Leicestershire villages visited by Richard III on his way to the Battle of Bosworth . Perched on fold-up picnic chairs they gathered on roadside verges , along pavements decorated with bunting , flags and paper chains of white Yorkist roses , and in pub car parks to be entertained by folk dancers as they waited for the coffin to pass by . At Fenn Lane Farm , thought to be the closest location to the spot where Richard III died , earth from three key points in his life was placed in a casket carved with his symbol , a boar . The casket , and the procession , then made their way to Bosworth , where they were greeted by men dressed in medieval armor . Here , Richard 's role as a "  warrior king " was commemorated and tributes were paid to the others who died fighting alongside him . A beacon , which will burn until he is laid to rest on Thursday , was lit on the battlefield . Back in Leicester , thousands more gathered around the cathedral and in nearby Jubilee Square . Waiting to go in to the service , Judy Ellis , from the nearby town of Hinckley , said there was a "  real buzz " around the city . "  It 's quite exciting , coming over on the train I met people who 'd come from all over the world to be in Leicester today . " Ellis , who named her son Richard , said she had used the parking lot where the king 's remains were found . "  Four days before the dig started I parked my car over that grave ! " she said . Adults -- some carrying single white roses and others wearing boar badges -- in village churches along the route watched the services play out on a big screen as children ran around in the late afternoon sunshine while they waited for Richard 's return . In 1485 , the defeated king 's body was treated with little sense of occasion . It is said to have been slung naked over a horse and taken to Leicester , where it was put on display for three days before being hurriedly crammed into a too-small plot in the Grey Friars Church . More than five centuries on , those who sparked the search for Richard III 's remains were determined to put right that ancient wrong by giving him a more fitting farewell . Philippa Langley , who led the "  Looking for Richard " project , said its aim was "  to give Richard what he did n't get in 1485 ... to recognize what went on in the past , but not repeat it , to make peace with the past . " To that end , the king 's skeleton is to be given two things it did not have before : a coffin and proper burial rites . The coffin is a simple affair : English oak and yew , made by Richard 's relative Michael Ibsen who , as chance would have it , is a cabinet maker by trade ; it is carved with the king 's name and a white rose . The burial rites are somewhat more complicated : they have entailed the rebuilding of parts of Leicester 's cathedral , a guest list numbering into the thousands and delicate questions of location and religion . But with those puzzles overcome , the first of several high profile pre-reinterment services was held Sunday evening : The coffin was carried through the city on a gun carriage , accompanied by two "  knights " in full suits of armor , riding on horseback , to the cathedral . Those who had gathered to pay tribute to Richard III threw roses into the procession 's path as it passed the new visitor center which has been built over his original resting place . As the city 's church bells tolled and dusk began to fall , the coffin was lifted onto the shoulders of the pallbearers and taken into the cathedral , accompanied by four official "  mourners " -- descendants of some of those who fought with Richard at Bosworth . Once inside , it was covered with a heavily-embroidered cloth , and a Bible and specially-commissioned crown were laid atop the casket , the latter by a local Brownie , 9-year-old Emma Chamberlain , whose height meant a step had to be placed next to the coffin to allow her to reach it . In his sermon , the Archbishop of Westminster , Cardinal Vincent Nichols alluded to Richard III 's controversial reputation and "  tumultuous life , " which had seen moments of "  astonishing brutality . " Nichols said the king 's short reign was "  marked by unrest and the fatal seepage of loyalty and support " but insisted that he was also "  a man of prayer , a man of anxious devotion " and one who had done good for his people . As those who had attended filed back out into the darkening spring evening , one final illuminated tribute was paid : the initials RIII and a crown were projected onto the cathedral 's tower , while nearby , white roses surrounded a statue of the king . As she left the service , Victoria McKeown , who won a ticket to the event , said the experience had been "  brilliant " and the memorial "  absolutely lovely . " "  It 's a lovely way to spend a Sunday evening -- not like being at home doing the ironing , " she told CNN . "  It 's part of history : I can say ` I 've been to a king 's funeral . ' "	Richard III will finally be laid to rest in Leicester Cathedral this week On Sunday his remains were taken from the city 's university to the site of his final battle , Bosworth The bones , in a coffin made by a living relative of the king , are now lying ` in repose ' at the cathedral
CNN  -- The forthcoming season of MotoGP will carry an extra dash of glamour after socialite Paris Hilton announced she is to launch her own team . The American heir to the Hilton hotels fortune has joined forces with the BQR set-up to form her own 125cc team , which will be called SuperMartxé VIP by Paris Hilton . It will comprise of Spanish riders Sergio Gadea and Maverick Viñales with legendary mechanic Rossano Brazzi , who has worked with six-time MotoGP champion Valentino Rossi among others , taking care of the technical details . Hilton posted a link to the story on her official Twitter page on Tuesday saying : "  This is going to be fun ! " and an earlier Tweet read : "  I love motorcycles . " Both riders will be present at the launch in Madrid this weekend , alongside Hilton and her partners Nano , Xavi Montero and Ricard Garriga . The 125cc category is the entry level competition in MotoGP . The 250cc category is now called Moto2 , while the top level MotoGP is 500cc . SuperMartxé VIP is a dance-party series that hosts club nights in Spain . Hilton has starred in a music video to promote their events , and now their name will appear with hers on the team 's livery . Hilton is the latest in a long line of celebrities to get involved with motorbikes . Earlier this year film star Antonio Banderas supported a MotoGP team but it has recently collapsed after its major sponsor pulled out .	Socialite Paris Hilton lends name to new MotoGP team SuperMartxé VIP by Paris Hilton team will compete in 125cc category Hilton said of the venture on Twitter : "  This is going to be fun . "
CNN  -- The Venezuelan oil refinery whose explosions killed 42 people suffers mismanagement , delays in major maintenance and underinvestment , according to analysts and an engineering firm 's recent report . The state-run oil company that operates the refinery has been hampered by how Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez uses the refineries as "  a cash cow " to fund social programs such as building homes for low-income voters , taking funds away from plant improvements , an analyst said . Venezuela is one of the world 's largest oil exporters . The fires at the Amuay refinery since Saturday have been described as "  the most lethal industry accident in Venezuela to date " by analysts and come as the country faces other infrastructure problems , apparently because of a lack of maintenance , including a bridge collapse in Caracas , analysts said . The United Socialist Party of Venezuela said this week , however , that the 197-foot bridge was rebuilt in record time . New tank burns at Venezuela refinery ; death toll revised down In the aftermath of the fires , the government 's refinery manager said the explosion was n't due to a lack of maintenance , according to government television . Chavez has also said that such suggestions are "  irresponsible " because investigators are still trying to determine the cause of the accident . The Venezuelan embassy in Washington and the state-run oil company . Petroleos de Venezuela , did n't have an immediate comment Wednesday . Earlier this year , an engineering firm 's inspection of the giant Paraguana refinery complex in Falcon state , which includes the Amuay plant , found problems in major and routine maintenance , according to a March 2012 report prepared by RJG Risk Engineering of London . The report also said 100 fires occurred in 2011 at the refinery complex , which includes a second refinery called Cardon . The Amuay refinery is one of the world 's largest , producing more than 1 million barrels per day , according to OPEC . The engineer firm 's report was circulated on the Internet , and CNN confirmed its authenticity through a source who had a copy of the original . "  Overall , we see some positive progress , although we continue to rate this large refinery complex as ` in need of improvement ' as in 2010 , " the report said . "  A stronger ` proactive ' approach is necessary in our opinion . "  Major maintenance  turnarounds  has been seen to be suffering from delays , typically of one or two years , " the report said . "  Routine maintenance suffered a significant ` low ' in 2009 , the effects of which are still being felt , evidenced by a marked increase in the ratio of corrective to preventive maintenance , " the study said . "  The effects are also evident in the maintenance backlog particularly for pumps and motors , and in a higher than target proportion of 'Em ergency ' and ` Urgent ' work orders . " The deadly incidents at Venezuela 's largest refinery highlight serious problems at the state-run refineries and are "  a reminder of the bleak outlook for the company 's declining production and investment capacity , " said the analysis firm Eurasia Group in a note Wednesday to investors and media . The firm conducts global political risk research and consulting . Chavez is up for re-election in October , and while the accident is "  not a game changer , " it could help boost the chances of opposition candidate Henrique Capriles , the analysis firm said . The state-run oil company is faced with "  significant operational problems stemming from both severe mismanagement and underinvestment , " the analysts said . When Chavez overhauled the oil company in recent years , he fired numerous senior managers and experts with technical know-how , said Eurasia Group analyst Risa Grais-Targow . At the same time , the company has taken on more responsibilities , as Chavez uses oil revenues for subsidies to the elderly and families with children , among other programs , Grais-Targow said . "  The company has been stretched in a lot of different directions , and they do n't have the money to make the investments they need , " especially in the past two years as Chavez has prepared for this fall 's elections , Grais-Targow said . "  He 's really been doling out money , and a lot of the money has been coming from PDVSA 's funds , " Grais-Targow said . "  It 's turning out to be the cash cow for the government . " The engineering firm 's report was prepared at the request of the oil company 's underwriters and examined progress made on recommendations by the underwriters ' risk engineers during their survey visits in 1993 , 2002 , 2005 , 2007 and 2010 , the study said . At the time of the March assessment , the refinery complex was faced with 46 action items , and the engineering firm found that 11 of them had "  no progress , " 19 were "  in progress , " and 16 were completed , the report said . The report also found 222 reported incidents at the two refineries , "  including some 100 fires , many of these being in contaminated pipe trenches , " the report said . "  Although there is a good procedure for incident investigation , we were disappointed to not  e  that few had progressed past the stage of setting up a study committee , and only nine were ` closed ' , with recommendations carried out , " the report said . Among those killed at the Amuay fires were 18 members of the national guard and 15 civilians , officials said . Venezuela 's Chavez visits site of deadly refinery blast	Venezuela 's state-run oil company under scrutiny after a weekend fire kills 42 people An engineer 's report in March finds problems in major and routine maintenance Oil company faces "  severe mismanagement and underinvestment , " analyst says President Hugo Chavez is up for re-election in October
CNN  -- In some post-election hardball between the Obama administration and newly-elected Republicans , Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood is threatening to take back stimulus funds from states if they do not follow through on proposed rail projects . CNN obtained copies of letters LaHood sent to incoming Republican governors in Ohio and Wisconsin who have stated their opposition to rail projects already underway in their states . In the letters , LaHood said a rail link between Cleveland , Columbus , Dayton and Cincinnati in Ohio , and a high-speed rail connection between Chicago , Illinois , and Milwaukee , Wisconsin , are vital to economic growth in both regions . Lahood wrote that he respects the power of governors to make decisions for their states , but , "  There seems to be some confusion about how these high-speed rail dollars can be spent . " To Wisconsin 's Gov.-elect Scott Walker , LaHood said that none of the funds can be used for roads or any other projects . He went on to say , "  Consequently , unless you change your position , we plan to engage in an orderly transition to wind down Wisconsin 's project so that we do not waste taxpayer 's money . " That letter was delivered on Monday . A similar letter was sent to Gov.-elect John Kasich in Ohio on Tuesday . In that letter , LaHood mentions the thousands of jobs that would be created with the construction of a rail link between the state 's largest cities . LaHood said he was aware that Kasich had asked President Barack Obama if $ 400 million dollars from the federal government intended to fund the passenger rail project could instead be used for road construction and freight lines . LaHood wrote , "  I wanted to let you know that none of those funds can be used for anything other than our High-Speed Rail Program , " and he signaled his intention to take the money back if the project does n't move forward . The Transportation Department has committed a total of $ 823 million to a 441-mile-long high-speed rail connection from Chicago to Minneapolis . But if Wisconsin balks on the section that would run between Milwaukee and Madison , the project can not be completed . Similarly , the DOT committed $ 400 million to a 250-mile-long intercity passenger rail line that would run from Cincinnati , through Dayton and Columbus , and on to Cleveland . The Transportation Secretary is in a fight to keep several proposed high-speed rail projects alive after New Jersey 's Republican Gov. Chris Christie abruptly killed the nation 's largest infrastructure project last month . The ARC Tunnel would have involved the construction of a second rail tunnel between New Jersey and New York and an expansion of Penn Station in New York City . It was expected to double commuter rail capacity on the Northeast Corridor , the nation 's busiest rail line , and ease congestion on New Jersey 's highways . Now the feds want their money back from New Jersey . On Monday , a letter was sent from the Federal Transit Administration to New Jersey Transit , the state 's public transportation authority , requesting an immediate repayment of $ 271 million in federal funds already spent on the project . The letter stated the funds were obligated for the ARC tunnel and because the project was terminated , the money most be returned . New Jersey Transit officials responded by saying they are reviewing the request and they do not agree that the issue is as clear-cut as portrayed in the FTA letter . Christie put an end to the tunnel , claiming that potential cost overruns could range from $ 2 billion to $ 5 billion , something the cash-strapped state can not afford . But USDOT officials believe any cost overruns on ARC would n't have exceeded $ 800 million .	Governors-elect in Ohio and Wisconsin got letters from the transportation secretary The governors have stated objections to rail projects in their states Ray HaHood 's letter tells the governors they must proceed with the rail projects Or return federal stimulus funds designated for high-speed rail projects
TUUSULA , Finland  CNN  -- Flags in Finland were flying at half-staff Thursday and government workers observed three minutes of silence a day after a teenager opened fire at his high school , killing eight people before fatally turning the gun on himself . Police probing Finland 's first known school shooting said Thursday that a picture was emerging of the gunman as a lonely , antisocial 18-year-old who acted alone and left a suicide note saying good-bye to his family , but that his motive was unclear . Police said the victims -- all of whom were from the school -- were apparently picked at random . Six were students , one was the 61-year-old school headmistress and one was the 42-year-old school nurse . Ten other people were wounded in the attack . Jokela High School was closed for the rest of the week , but some of the 460 students gathered there overnight and into Thursday , crying and lighting candles for the victims . Police identified the gunman as Pekka-Eric Auvinen , a senior at the high school in the southern Finnish town of Tuusula , about 30 miles north of Helsinki . Auvinen died at a Helsinki hospital late Wednesday of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head . Police said all of his victims had multiple gunshot wounds , most to the upper body and head . Police said they found 69 shells and more than 320 unused bullets at the scene . Chief Inspector Tero Haapala told Finnish news agency STT that Auvinen was determined to kill as many people as he could before turning the pistol on himself . Haapala said everything suggested Auvinen wanted the massacre to be as spectacular as possible , according to STT . Watch Auvinen fire weapons in video from his Web page " At a news conference Thursday , police said Auvinen had sprayed a flammable liquid , possibly lamp oil , on the walls of the school and that he tried but failed to light it . Students and police painted a picture of panic at the school during the attack , which started around 11:45 a.m.  4:45 a.m. ET  . Students said that the principal ordered everyone to stay in their classrooms , but many thought it was just a drill . Students said that , as word spread that a gunman was moving through the school , they were told to barricade themselves in classrooms , lie on the floor down and wait for help . For 40 minutes , many lay in fear as the gunman moved through all three floors of the school . Police said that , when they arrived just before noon  5a . m. ET  , they found students trying to scramble out of windows ; officers broke down doors to help students escape . Police said that , when they first made contact with Auvinen , they told him to drop his gun , but he responded with fire . Fearful of hitting others , police did not fire back , they said . Police said they found Auvinen a little more than an hour later , just after 1p . m.  6a . m. ET  . A search of his house turned up books and the gunman 's writings , which suggest he had "  very strong opinions against society , " police said . Authorities were also investigating notes and videos Auvinen had posted on YouTube , the online video-sharing site . Most of the videos indicated a fascination with violence and some hinted at the massacre itself . Hours before the shooting , a video titled "  Jokela High School Massacre -- 11/7/2007 " was posted on the YouTube site by someone who identified himself as Auvinen . In rambling text posted on the site two weeks before the shooting , Auvinen called himself "  a cynical existentialist , anti-human humanist , anti-social social-Darwinist , realistic idealist and god-like atheist . " "  I am prepared to fight and die for my cause , " he wrote . "  I , as a natural selector , will eliminate all who I see unfit , disgraces of human race and failures of natural selection . " The Jokela High School clip was one of about 80 videos posted on the site by Auvinen . In the video , a picture of the school disintegrates to reveal an image of a man resembling Auvinen against a red background , pointing a gun at the screen . The clip was accompanied by the track "  Stray Bullet " by the rock band KMFDM , whose lyrics were also quoted by Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold , the students behind the Columbine High School massacre of 1999 in the United States . The YouTube site also included video of the Columbine shootings and the 1993 Waco siege in the United States , the 1995 sarin gas attack in Tokyo and bombs falling on Baghdad during the 2003 invasion . Other video clips included Nazi war criminals . Police said they had not known about the videos before the shootings . YouTube took them down within hours of the shooting . The gunman , who had no criminal record , obtained a license for the weapon on October 19 , four months after his 18th birthday -- the legal age limit for owning a firearm in Finland . He practiced sharp-shooting as a hobby at a shooting range in Finland , police said . Finland enjoys a strong tradition of hunting and has a high proportion of gun ownership , with 2 million firearms owned in a nation of 5 million people . Prime Minister Matti Vanhanen said the shooting had inflicted a "  deep wound " on the nation 's sense of security . President Tarja Halonen called the attack "  shocking and tragic . " Sweden 's King Carl Gustav XVI sent his condolences , as did European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Phil Black contributed to this story . Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Finland holds national day of mourning Teen gunman is dead , Finnish police say Eight people , including headmistress , shot at Finnish school , say police Shooting appeared to have been planned in series of YouTube videos
CNN  -- In the 1970s and '80s , when corporate America was plagued with inefficiency , a new class of financially motivated takeover investors emerged to prey on the fattest in the corporate herd and scare the rest into line . Today , as pockets of corporate America are plagued with immorality , we need a new class of socially motivated takeover investor to prey on the sociopaths in the corporate herd , turn them around and perhaps scare  or shame  others into line . The upcoming sale by Cerberus Capital of the Freedom Group , the largest gun manufacturer in the United States , is a perfect opportunity to usher in this new era of muscular , socially responsible capitalism : First , Michael Bloomberg , George Soros , David Geffen and the like should establish a nonprofit SPAC  Special-Purpose-Acquisition-Company  called BidForFreedom.org  BFF  with a mission to reduce needless deaths through gun violence in the United States and encourage the passage of sensible gun control regulations . They should appoint George Clooney , Angelina Jolie and Matt Damon to the fundraising committee and recruit a loud-mouthed , poison-penned , but good-hearted activist hedge fund titan as chief investment officer  Bill Ackman ? Dan Loeb ?  . Opinion : Forgotten victims of gun violence To be credible , BFF will probably need to start with at least $ 250 million in cash and commitments  no problem given the billionaire status of the sponsors  with additional firepower raised as needed from well-heeled individuals , foundations and through a broad-based Internet solicitation to an outraged-by-Newtown public . Second , BFF should lobby all public pension funds that are part owners of the Freedom Group  by virtue of their investment in Cerberus  to roll their investment into BFF to reduce the need for outside funding , naming and shaming any unwilling public investors . Newtown shooter 's guns Third , BFF should pay "  whatever it takes " to acquire control of the Freedom Group in the upcoming auction by Cerberus  which has a fiduciary obligation to sell to the highest bidder  and then immediately implement a "  moral turnaround " plan under which the Freedom Group : i  Appoints a high-profile CEO with impeccable credentials as a hunter and/or marksman who is nevertheless in favor of gun-control . Opinion : Guns endanger more than they protect ii  Elects a new board of directors including representatives from the families of victims killed in Newtown  and/or other massacres perpetrated with Freedom Group weapons  , military veterans and trauma surgeons with real experience of human-on-human gunfire , and law enforcement and mental health professionals . iii  Operates the business as if sensible gun laws were in place  this may turn out to be a wise investment in future-proofing the company  : discontinuing sales of the most egregious assault weapons and modifying others as necessary so they can not take huge-volume clips ; offering to buy back all Freedom Group assault weapons in circulation ; micro-stamping weapons for easy tracking ; and providing price discounts for buyers willing to go through a background check and register in a database available to law enforcement . iv  Voluntarily waives its rights to support the NRA and other lobbying groups . v  Creates a fund to compensate those who , despite its best efforts , are killed or wounded by its weapons . vi  Agrees that if the effort to provide moral leadership in the weapons industry does n't succeed within a year , BFF should consider corporate euthanasia , even though it entails a risk of allowing more retrograde manufacturers to fill the void in the market left by the then-deceased company . Opinion : The case for gun rights is stronger than you think In the face of horrors like Newtown , BFF would recognize that it 's time to take a stand by acknowledging the impossibility of reaching closure after such a monstrous act while an unreconstructed Freedom Group continues to sell a huge volume of guns and ammunition rounds each year even if it is operating under new owners . Like any Trojan Horse strategy , this is a long shot , but it must be tried . History suggests that only after the first company "  turns " will an industry gradually return to the realm of the human  think of big tobacco  . And without the tacit agreement , if not the outright support , of at least one important insider , policymakers seem utterly unable to pass tough regulations in the face of the predictable but withering assault by industry lackeys shrieking that any such regulation would be "  impossible , impractical or too expensive . " In the face of a recalcitrant industry , we have to acknowledge that it is only the market for corporate control -- the real possibility that an outsider will take over one of the companies -- that puts limits on the behavior of board members and executives who , while perhaps decent enough in their family lives , display a limitless tolerance for the "  banality of evil " at the office . Opinion : Not man enough ? Buy a gun We must accept that the conventional , kid-gloves approach to socially responsible investing -- divesting shares in "  bad " companies that nevertheless continue to exist -- is too weak an instrument to force change and its well-meaning practitioners too soft to enter the fray when emotionally and politically charged battles need to be fought . And regardless of the viability of socially motivated takeovers in general , the Freedom Group looks like a great target . Cerberus is a motivated seller , the political macros look favorable , and it 's a bite-sized company compared with many of the larger sociopaths in the corporate herd . I 'm even cautiously optimistic that the current impasse over gun regulation is a bad-equilibrium that few consumers actually want , and that a reconstructed Freedom Group , fighting for sensible change as a fifth column from within the industry , might well find that many people -- even a significant portion of the NRA 's members -- would buy from a truly responsible  and high quality  gunmaker if given the chance . All in all , it 's a pretty exciting deal , so if Mike and George are up for it , count me in . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John MacIntosh .	The owner of America 's largest gunmaker is putting firm up for sale John MacIntosh says billionaires should lead effort to acquire the gun manufacturer He says they should change corporate practices to discourage violence MacIntosh : One leading company could push gun industry in a more ethical direction
Perugia , Italy  CNN  -- Murder victim Meredith Kercher 's family can not forgive anyone until they know the truth about her killing , Kercher 's sister said Tuesday as Amanda Knox flew out of Italy , a free woman after four years . Knox and her Italian ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito were dramatically cleared of the murder Monday , in a jury ruling that left Knox sobbing and almost unable to walk out of the court unaided . The decision stunned the Kercher family , who were visibly downcast Tuesday morning . It sends them "  back to square one , " Kercher 's brother Lyle said . Stephanie Kercher , the victim 's sister , demurred when asked if the family is ready to forgive Meredith 's killer or killers . "  Until the truth comes out , we ca n't forgive anyone , " she said . Analysis : Truth about student 's slaying remains elusive She said the family looked forward to reading the judge 's explanation of how the jury reached its decision , which by law must be published within 90 days . Not knowing why one jury two years ago convicted Knox and Sollecito of murder , sexual assault and other crimes related to Kercher 's killing , while another said Monday they are innocent is "  the greatest disappointment , " Stephanie Kercher said . Kercher 's mother , meanwhile , did not speak ill of Knox , even when asked what she thought of the American 's assertion that her life had been destroyed by the ordeal . "  That 's probably true in a way , " Arline Kercher said . In an interview with CNN , Lyle Kercher said the family accepts the decision , as it accepted the decision in the original trial . "  We have the utmost respect , obviously , for the decision and the integrity of the court , " he said , adding , "  We will abide by that . " No end to Knox as pop culture obsession Knox , who arrived in Seattle to cheers just after 8 p.m. ET , thanked her supporters and those who helped her family in emotional remarks at a brief news conference . "  I 'm really overwhelmed right now , " she said . "  I was looking down from the airplane and it seemed like everything was n't real . " She told her supporters , "  Thank you for being there for me . " Knox spent Monday night with her mother before leaving Italy , her lawyer Carlo Dalla Vedova told CNN . Prosecutor Giuliano Mignini said Tuesday that he will appeal the ruling to Italy 's High Court . When the appeal reaches the High Court , the hearing will be very short and dependent on key technical issues and arguments , not a review of the actual trial itself , according to Luiss University law professor Nicola Di Mario . Kercher 's family said it would support such an appeal , but added it was the state 's decision . If Italy 's highest court overturns the lower court 's decision , it effectively revalidates the trial court 's sentence , which means 26 years in prison for Knox . Italy would then have to put in a request to U.S. authorities for extradition , and it would remain to be seen if that would be granted . If the court does not overturn the appeals ruling , Knox could not be tried again for the same crime under the "  double jeopardy " rule . How 4-year saga unfolded Knox and Kercher were students at Perugia 's university for foreign students when Kercher 's partly clothed body was found stabbed and with her throat slashed in the house they shared . Monday 's ruling prompted a wave of euphoria by Knox , her family and supporters , as well as howls of disapproval outside the courtroom . "  Perugia is a quiet town . The fact that people came and cry out loud ` shame ' on the ruling means something , " Mignini said . After the ruling , Knox broke down sobbing and was escorted out of the courtroom by two people . KIRO : Seattle reacts to Knox 's release "  We 're thankful that Amanda 's nightmare is over , " Knox 's sister , Deanna , said on the courthouse steps . "  She suffered for four years for a crime she did not commit . " Co-defendant Sollecito : ` My nightmare ' Knox and Sollecito were convicted in 2009 of murder , sexual assault , possession of a weapon , interfering with a crime and theft . The jury cleared Knox and Sollecito of those charges , freeing them from their respective 26 - and 25-year sentences . But the jury Monday upheld Knox 's conviction on the charge of defamation against Patrick Lumumba , an early suspect in the case whom Knox accused of killing Kercher . Lumumba was arrested , but released after his alibi checked out . He later sued Knox , winning 40,000 euros  $ 54,000  in damages . Knox was sentenced Monday to three years on the defamation charge , but received credit for the years she has already spent behind bars , her attorney said . A third person , drifter Rudy Guede , was convicted separately of involvement in the killing and is serving 16 years . Defense teams for Knox and Sollecito have suggested Guede could have been the sole killer . The jury evidently believed Knox 's impassioned final statement to the court , delivered in a voice trembling with emotion . "  I am not what they say I am -- perverse , violent . ... I have n't murdered . I have n't raped . I have n't stolen , " Knox said in the most important speech of her life . Sollecito put his claim simply in his own closing statement . "  I have never hurt anybody , " he said . As he concluded , he dramatically removed his plastic "  Free Amanda and Raffaele " bracelet , saying : "  I have never taken it off since it was given to me . ... I think now is the moment to take it off . " Following the rulings , Knox returned briefly to the prison and was greeted by cheers and shouts of "  well done , " said Rocco Girlanda , a member of the Italian parliament who became an advocate for the 24-year-old American . "  Her first desire is to lie down on a green field , " he said CNN 's Hada Messia , Antonia Mortensen , Matthew Chance , Paula Newton and Peter Wilkinson and journalist Livia Borghese contributed to this report .	NEW : Knox is emotional , "  overwhelmed " after arriving in Seattle The exoneration of Knox and her ex-boyfriend sends the victim 's family "  back to square one " The Kercher family can not forgive anyone "  until the truth is known , " the victim 's sister says Knox and Raffaele Sollecito successfully appealed their convictions of murder
CNN  "  Birdman " won the big prize -- outstanding motion picture cast -- at the 21st Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards , but it was talk about heritage and diversity that captured the evening . On the TV side , the winners included "  Orange Is the New Black " -- a series about a women 's prison , created by a woman , featuring a cast that includes a transgender performer -- and black actresses Viola Davis and Uzo Aduba . And the movie winners included Patricia Arquette , who won for a performance in "  Boyhood " that she filmed over 12 years -- and was n't afraid to show it . Arquette comes from a long line of performers . Her siblings , including Rosanna Arquette and David Arquette , are actors . So was her father and grandfather . She paid tribute to all of them in her speech . "  I 'm a fourth-generation actor , " she said , visibly overwrought , adding that her family has been performing for more than a century . But it was the wins by Davis , Aduba and "  Orange " that caught the attention of social media , which erupted 10 days ago when the Oscar nominations put forth a very un-diverse crowd . Complete list of winners Davis ' speech , in particular , was particularly moving . After beginning with an observation about how she tells her daughter stories , she paid tribute to the producers who thought of her for their "  How to Get Away with Murder " story . "  I 'd like to thank Paul Lee , Shonda Rhimes , Betsy Beers and Pete Nowalk for thinking that a sexualized , messy , mysterious woman could be a 49-year-old dark-skinned African-American woman who looks like me , " she said . Several tweeters highlighted her words and their significance . In general , however , the SAG Awards were a relatively quiet and brisk affair .  Yes , it can happen , even for Hollywood awards shows . The film awards generally went as expected , with Arquette , J.K. Simmons  "  Whiplash "  , Julianne Moore  "  Still Alice "  , Eddie Redmayne  "  The Theory of Everything "  and "  Birdman " taking home the trophies . Only Redmayne was a mild surprise , given that "  Birdman 's " Michael Keaton has been considered the leader in the best actor race by a number of handicappers . The actors ' branch is the largest bloc of Oscar voters , so the SAG Awards are closely watched for indicators about which way the Academy Award wind is blowing . Still , the SAG Awards had their moments . There were Davis ' and Aduba 's emotional speeches , of course . And there were also a few laughs . Frances McDormand got some chuckles for turning her speech into a cheeky bit of promotion for her film , "  Olive Kitteredge "  "  You can stream it -- I do n't know how . You can watch it on an intercontinental flight , I 've been told . You can get the DVDs on February 9 , give it to someone as a Valentine 's Day present ! " she said  and the witty Carrie Fisher got off a couple jokes while introducing her mother , Debbie Reynolds , who won a lifetime achievement award . "  Birdman " took home only one prize in the end , but it was the biggest one of the night . It also won at the Producers ' Guild Awards Saturday . How that will fly at the Oscars , however , is anyone 's guess . How the winners reacted backstage	Viola Davis ' speech , "  Orange " showcase TV diversity at SAG Awards "  Birdman " wins big prize for films
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraqi Christians under siege by Islamic militants are welcome in the country 's north , a Kurdish leader said Thursday , after a string of attacks that have killed dozens of the faith . "  I want to let them know that the Kurdistan Region is open to them . If they want to come , we will protect them and provide them with all services , " said Massoud Barzani , president of the Kurdistan regional government . "  We are extremely sorry for the crimes they have been subjected to and we condemn these criminal acts , they are innocent people and a precious part of this nation . " In the past , the regional government has opened its doors to other persecuted minorities . Many Christian families that CNN spoke to Wednesday said they feared for their own safety and wanted to leave Iraq , but did n't have the means to do so . Some Iraqi church leaders and politicians such as Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki have been discouraging Iraqi Christians , one of the oldest Christian civilizations in the world , from leaving . CNN reporters in Iraq 's semi-autonomous Kurdish north have noticed an influx of Christians in the country 's north in recent days , but there has been a general migration since 2003 . Barzani 's comments came after the United States , the U.N. Security Council and an American Catholic archbishop expressed concerns Wednesday about the continuing attacks on Christian and other religious groups in Iraq . At least three people were killed and 25 wounded Wednesday morning , an Iraqi interior ministry official said . On Tuesday evening , three people were wounded in western Baghdad when bombs exploded outside Christian homes there , the ministry said . "  The United States strongly condemns the recent terrorist attacks in Iraq , which were perpetrated by al Qaeda in Iraq against Christians in Baghdad in their homes and in their churches , " said Mike Hammer , spokesman for the White House 's National Security Council . "  We also strongly condemn additional attacks against innocent civilians throughout Iraq , to include pilgrims in the holy cities of Najaf and Karbala . " The U.N. Security Council also decried attacks on places of worship in Iraq . The archbishop of Chicago , Illinois , urged U.S. President Barack Obama to take steps to protect Christians in Iraq . "  Having invaded Iraq , our nation has a moral obligation not to abandon those Iraqis who can not defend themselves , " wrote Cardinal Francis George of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops . A group called the Islamic State of Iraq claimed responsibility for the gruesome October 31 siege of the Sayidat al-Nejat cathedral that left 70 people dead and 75 wounded . The umbrella group includes a number of Sunni extremist organizations and has ties to al Qaeda in Iraq . Thirty-five Christian survivors of the attack arrived in France this week , where they will be able to seek asylum . The gunmen who led the attack demanded that the Iraqi government release a number of detainees and prisoners in Iraqi prisons , saying the Christian hostages would be freed in return , according to the police officials . Iraq 's defense minister later said on state television that the kidnappers had demanded the release of a number of prisoners in both Iraq and Egypt .	Kurdish leader condemns attacks against Christians Massoud Barzani says Christians are welcome in Iraq 's Kurdish north Attacks have killed dozens of Christians over the past two weeks
CNN  Three decades ago , Steve McCurry took arguably the most iconic picture of all time . Yet even after all this time , the pre-eminent photographer brims with enthusiasm when he talks about "  Afghan Girl . " "  I knew she had an incredible look , a penetrating gaze , " he recalls . "  But there was a crowd of people around us , the dust was swirling around , and it was before digital cameras and you never knew what would happen with the film . "  When I developed the picture , I knew it was special . I showed it to the editor of the National Geographic , and he leaped to his feet and shouted , ` that 's our next cover ' . " Not only did "  Afghan Girl " become the magazine 's next cover , but the most successful in its distinguished history . The striking portrait of 12-year-old Sharbat Gula , a Pashtun orphan in the Nasir Bagh refugee camp on the Afghan-Pakistan border , was taken in December 1984 and published the following year . The woman , now in her forties , has recently been found to be living in Pakistan . When McCurry reflects upon its popularity , what excites him most is the impact that this single image has had on the real world . "  People volunteered to work in the refugee camps because of that photograph , " he says . "  Afghans are incredibly proud of it , as the girl is poor but shows great pride , fortitude and self-respect . "  It drew attention to their plight , and inspired a lot of people . " It also led the National Geographic to set up the Afghan Children 's Fund -- and meant that to this day , McCurry is never charged a fare by appreciative Afghan taxi drivers . The portrait forms the centerpiece of a major retrospective exhibition of McCurry 's work , which opened recently in Monza , Italy , and will run until 6 April . "  It 's great to look back on my work and see how themes and connections have emerged . But I am never even remotely thinking of retiring , " the 64-year-old tells CNN from his studio in New York . "  There are so many new places and stories that fascinate me . I have a long list of places to visit : Iran , Madagascar , Mongolia , Russia . "  I believe that when you find something you love , you should do it your whole life . Why would you retire from doing what you love ? It 's just not what we do . " The famous photograph is just one of thousands of extraordinary pictures that McCurry has taken over a 40-year career , during which he has won dozens of awards . One which is displayed prominently in his retrospective exhibition was taken in Kuwait in 1991 , during the first Gulf War . It shows three camels silhouetted against an explosion of fire and smoke . "  Saddam Hussein had blown up 600 oil wells , " he recalls . "  It was an environmental catastrophe . Lakes of oil were leaking all over the country , and seeping into the Gulf . "  Half of it was on fire . There were geysers of oil spurting out of the earth , making it like midnight during the day . " He spotted the camels running along the edge of an oilfield , and followed them in his jeep . But they had been blackened by the oil , and there was no way to capture a picture of them against the black cloud behind . "  Suddenly they ran in front of a burning area , and they were illuminated by fire , " he says . "  I took the shot , and then realized I had driven into a minefield . "  I had to carefully back out , following the tire tracks I had made on the way in to avoid getting blown up . " For many years , frontline war photography like this was McCurry 's stock in trade . Indeed , it enabled him to make his name . Born in Pennsylvania in 1950 , McCurry -- whose right hand was permanently damaged when he fell down some stairs at the age of five -- studied theater arts at Penn State University . Two years after graduating , he moved to India in search of a freelance photography career . His big break came in the late 1970s , when he disguised himself in Afghan clothes and crossed illegally into Afghanistan , just before the Soviet invasion . There he took a set of searing photographs of people who were being attacked by their own government . "  As soon as I crossed the border , I came across about 40 houses and a few schools that were just bombed out , " he says . "  They were literally destroying whole villages with helicopter gunships . "  This was a profound situation that really needed to be told , and few people could get access to it because it was too remote . "  I got completely caught up in the story . That 's when I knew that this was what I did -- this was me . " Against a background of the Cold War , the Russians backed the Afghan army and Americans supported the Mujahideen . The lens of the Western media quickly swung towards the region , and McCurry happened to be already embedded . His pictures were soon appearing in The New York Times , TIME and Paris Match -- but not before McCurry had escaped from Afghanistan by crossing the tribal areas on foot , with his precious film sewn into his clothing . This was the beginning of many years of war photography , which he now describes as "  the gritty period " of his career . He covered the Iran-Iraq war , the Gulf wars and several conflicts in Afghanistan , as well as those further afield in Lebanon , Cambodia and the Philippines . "  When you 're working in a war zone , you 're living moment to moment with people trying to kill you , " he says . "  There are so many ways I could have been killed , with guns , bombs and shrapnel . You live with fear you could cut with a knife . "  Several times I was held up at gunpoint . My camera and money have been robbed , people have broken into my hotel room while I was sleeping . "  Many times I thought that I had pushed things too far , that it was not a good idea to enter this skirmish or battle . Many times I have thought that this is n't going to end well . "  But I have found that I get completely consumed by the importance of the story I am telling , the feeling that the world has got to know . It 's never about the adrenaline . It 's about the story . " Has frontline reporting become more dangerous ? "  It has always been dangerous , but now there is the added dimension of trying to grab headlines , " he says . "  You might have got kidnapped or shot in the past , but not beheaded . There was no wish to create a heinous piece of theater . "  But we ca n't give in . These stories have to be reported , and writers and photographers have to continue telling them . " McCurry 's portfolio is far broader than his war photography , however . He has worked all over the world , from the jungles of central Africa to the mountains of Tibet , each time seeming to capture the soul of the people he photographs . "  My camera acts as a shield when I 'm photographing something horrific , as it 's easier to look at distressing sights through a viewfinder , " he says . "  But when I 'm not in a war zone , having a camera helps me talk to people , interact , and get involved . "  To take a good picture , you need to spend time with people until they trust you and forget that you 're there to photograph them . "  I try to make eye contact when I take a portrait , as it seems to allow you to understand the person , to see their story written on their face . " The advent of the digital camera , he says , has made his job easier . "  I 'm not one of those photographers that hankers after the good old days , " he says . "  Digital photography is better than film ever was . " Although everybody is taking pictures with camera phones , he says , this is "  just noise " , and does n't "  dilute the value " of a truly great photograph that will endure and be memorable . " "  There has to be an emotional component to the picture that you connect with on a profound level , " he says . "  Once you see it , you ca n't forget it , and it is so compelling and powerful that it becomes part of the cultural landscape . " Like "  Afghan Girl " ? He pauses . "  Yes , like that . " Steve McCurry - Oltre lo Sguardo runs until April 6 , 2015 at Villa Reale di Monza .	Steve McCurry 's "  Afghan Girl " is one of the world 's most recognizable photographs McCurry has worked in most of the world 's war zones over a 40-year career A retrospective exhibition of his work has opened in Italy
The world 's getting hotter , the sea 's rising and there 's increasing evidence neither are naturally occurring phenomena . So says a report from the U.N. International Panel on Climate Change , a document released every six years that is considered the benchmark on the topic . More than 800 authors and 50 editors from dozens of countries took part in its creation . The summary for policymakers was released early Friday , while the full report , which bills itself as "  a comprehensive assessment of the physical science basis of climate change , " will be distributed Monday . Other reports , including those dealing with vulnerability and mitigation , will be released next year . Here are the highlights from Friday 's summary : Man-made climate change is almost certain Climate scientists are 95 % confident -- that is to say , surer than ever -- that humans are responsible for at least "  half of the observed increase in global average surface temperatures since the 1950s . " This is the major headline from the report , as it marks a stark spike in confidence over the last 12 years , as scientists were 90 % confident in 2007 and 66 % confident in 2001 of the same conclusion . An increase in carbon dioxide concentrations that is "  unprecedented " in the last 20,000 years , along with increases in other emissions , have driven up average temperatures by about 0.6 degrees Celsius  1 degree Fahrenheit  since 1950 , the report states . Worst-case predictions are that by 2100 , temperatures could increase by as much as 3.7 degrees Celsius  6.6 Fahrenheit  , the report says . Climate change is already affecting extreme weather Since 1950 we 've seen a dramatic increase in extreme weather . This is especially true of record heat and heavier precipitation events . While it 's difficult to determine the exact role climate change plays in an individual event , such as Hurricane Sandy or the EF-5 tornado that struck Moore , Oklahoma , because there are so many ingredients necessary to brew a single storm , the links are clearer when you look at overall patterns . According to a study released this month in the Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society , scientists found strong links between global warming and extreme weather around the globe in 2012 . Among the 2012 events were the July heat wave in the northeastern and north-central United States , the spring heat wave in the eastern United States , the Great Plains drought , the winter drought in Spain and Portugal and the heavy rains and flooding in Europe . According to a paper in the journal Nature , this year , weather events that have previously been classified as "  storms of the century " could become the storm of "  every 20 years or less . " "  Climate change will probably increase storm intensity and size simultaneously , resulting in a significant intensification of storm surges , " the paper said . The last 30-year period is "  very likely " the warmest in the last 800 years Scientists are 90 % sure that 1981-2010 was the warmest such span in the last eight centuries , and there 's a 66 % chance that it was the warmest 30-year period in the last 1,400 years . While the last 15 years have not warmed as quickly , we 've seen steady warming over most of the globe , and we have n't seen a below-average temperature month since February 1985 . Scientists are also 99 % certain that we will see more hot days and nights -- and fewer chilly ones -- as the 21st century progresses . "  Each of the last three decades has been significantly warmer than all preceding decades since 1850 , " according to the IPCC report . To give you an idea of how the Earth has heated up , the combined land and ocean temperature increased by about 0.8 degrees Celsius between 1901 and 2010 , yet between 1979 and 2010 , the temperature spiked about 0.5 degrees Celsius . Sea level rise will increase due to warming oceans and loss of ice Better climate models give scientists more confidence that sea level rise will accelerate in the 21st century . Scientists are 99 % sure that sea level rise has accelerated over the last 2 centuries at a rate higher than at any time in the last 2,000 years . They 're also highly confident that if the global surface temperature increases by more than 2 degrees Celsius over present temperatures we could see "  a nearly ice-free Arctic Ocean in late summer . " The report further notes that there is increasing evidence that ice sheets are losing mass , glaciers are shrinking , Arctic sea ice cover is diminishing , snow cover is decreasing and permafrost is thawing in the Northern Hemisphere . As for the rise in sea level , scientists asserted in the IPCC report that tide gauges and satellite data make it "  unequivocal " that the world 's mean sea level is on the upswing . Even if we end emission tomorrow , climate change could continue for centuries This may be one of the more harrowing findings in the report , as it suggests we 're too far gone to effect any meaningful change in our lifetimes . Even if we end carbon dioxide emissions today , effects could linger for hundreds , if not thousands , of years . And certain changes may already be irreversible . "  Many aspects of climate change will persist for centuries even if concentrations of greenhouse gases are stabilized . This represents a multicentury commitment created by human activities today , " the report states .	Scientists surer than ever humans play major role in climate change , report says Global warming already affecting extreme weather , and it could get worse , report says U.N. 's IPCC convenes every six years to put together report ; it 's considered benchmark on topic Even if emissions ended today , effects of climate change could linger for centuries
CNN  -- Manchester United are given more injury-time at the end of matches to equalize or score winning goals than their English Premier League rivals , a study has revealed . Owen 's 96th minute winner at Old Trafford left Manchester City livid . As the row over the near seven minutes of added time accorded to United to win the Manchester derby with a last-gasp Michael Owen goal continues , the Guardian newspaper probed the official injury-time statistics . They looked at league matches at United 's Old Trafford ground since the start of the 2006-07 season and revealed that , on average , there has been over a minute of extra time added by referees when the English champions do not have the lead . This is compared to when they are in front , but United have a reputation for scoring late goals on their ways to claiming three straight Premier League crowns . In 48 games when Alex Ferguson 's men were in front , the average amount of stoppage time was 191.35 seconds . In 12 matches when United were drawing or losing there was an average of 257.17 seconds . In mitigation , the study revealed that the average stoppage time added at Old Trafford is below that at the home grounds of top four rivals Liverpool , Arsenal and Chelsea . United 's is 205 seconds , compared to Liverpool 's 210 seconds , 224 seconds for Arsenal and Chelsea 's 229 seconds . But it is the disparity between the time added on when United are winning or losing which appears to assert the popular assertion that referees allow the match to continue until the Red Devils either equalizer or score the winner . Manchester City manager Mark Hughes raged over the extra time in the 4-3 thriller on Sunday , speaking of feeling "  robbed " as Owen slotted home his winner . The 2007-08 season shows the greatest difference , with an average of 178.29 second added when United were winning , with official stats from Opta showing 254.5 seconds added when they were not . The trend has continued in the first three United home games of the season . In the two matches United have led they have played an average 304 seconds of injury time . On Sunday , referee Martin Atkinson allowed the game to go on for another 415 seconds , despite his fourth official initially indicating 240 seconds should be added .	Official statistics show referee add more time when Man Utd trailing at home Study conducted over the last three seasons shows disparity of over a minute Man City manager Mark Hughes furious over amount of added time in 4-3 loss
CNN  -- The 20th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards nominations were announced Wednesday morning , and as one of the leading awards show salvos in what is expected to be a competitive season , what did n't get nominated was as notable as what did . Robert Redford was left out . So was anybody from "  Inside Llewyn Davis . " "  Captain Phillips " missed out on a best ensemble nomination , and "  The Wolf of Wall Street " came up completely empty . A number of films did get good news . Awards Season 2014 "  12 Years a Slave " was nominated for four awards -- best ensemble , best male actor  Chewitel Ejiofor  , best supporting male actor  Michael Fassbender  and best supporting female actor  Lupita Nyong ` o  . Though "  12 Years " has narrowly missed topping year-end best-of lists so far -- and has even been left out entirely on some -- it 's been considered an Academy Award shoo-in since its release in October , and the SAGs do nothing to stall its momentum . On the other hand , "  August : Osage County , " the sprawling comedy-drama based on the Tracy Letts play , has been generally ignored on critics ' best-of lists .  "  Good but not great " is the consensus so far .  But it also did well at the SAG nominations , earning three nods , for ensemble , lead female actor Meryl Streep and supporting female actor Julia Roberts . "  Dallas Buyers Club " also did well , earning nominations for ensemble , lead actor Matthew McConaughey and supporting actor Jared Leto . "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler " and "  American Hustle " complete the list of nominees for best ensemble , the SAG Awards ' closest equivalent to best picture . "  The Butler " also earned nods for stars Forest Whitaker  best actor  and Oprah Winfrey  female supporting actor  . Jennifer Lawrence added to "  Hustle 's " haul with a female supporting actor nomination . And "  Captain Phillips , " though snubbed in the ensemble category , picked up nominations for star Tom Hanks and a surprise nod for supporting actor Barkhad Abdi . "  Phillips " is the film debut for Abdi , a Somali immigrant who plays a ship hijacker . But there are a number of Oscar favorites that could n't get into the ring . "  Her , " the Spike Jonze work about a man who develops a relationship with a computer operating system , was completely shut out . So was "  The Wolf of Wall Street , " the new Martin Scorsese film , despite excellent early buzz . Keep up to date on who has won what with our Awards tracker Redford , whose one-man show in "  All Is Lost " has made him a favorite for best actor , was left off SAG 's list . So were Oscar Isaac  from the Coen brothers ' latest , "  Inside Llewyn Davis , " which came up completely empty  , Michael B. Jordan  "  Fruitvale Station "  and "  American Hustle 's " Amy Adams and Christian Bale . The most unlikely nominees were focused in the supporting actor category . Besides Abdi , Daniel Bruhl picked up a nomination for Ron Howard 's mostly overlooked "  Rush , " and the late James Gandolfini was honored for his work in the comedy "  Enough Said . " Though the actors ' wing represents the biggest bloc of Oscar voters , the SAG Awards are n't always a great bellwether of best picture success at the Academy Awards . Though "  Argo , " last year 's best picture , also won the SAG Awards ' ensemble honor , the 18th annual SAGs went with "  The Help " over "  The Artist " and the 16th annual awards tapped "  Inglorious Basterds " over "  The Hurt Locker . " The picks for actor and actress , on the other hand , are much closer to the academy 's selections . Last year 's SAGs went to Daniel Day-Lewis and Lawrence ; the year before honored Jean Dujardin  though Viola Davis lost the Oscar to Streep  ; and 2010 SAGs went to Colin Firth and Natalie Portman . Does it mean anything ? Thursday may muddy the waters further , when the Hollywood Foreign Press Association announces the Golden Globe nominations . TNT and TBS will air the 20th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards on January 18 .	SAG Award nominations leave out Robert Redford for best actor "  12 Years a Slave " earns four nods ; "  August : Osage County " gets three Actors are large bloc of Oscar voters so SAGs are examined for Academy Award forecasts
Atlanta  CNN  -- Last week we learned that Barack and Michelle Obama 's effective tax rate for 2011 was 20.5 % . They had adjusted gross income of $ 789,674 . We also learned that their tax rate was slightly lower than President Obama 's secretary , who had about $ 95,000 of income . Ours is supposed to be a progressive rate system , which means as income gets higher , so do tax rates . In a true progressive rate system , Obama would never pay a lower tax rate than his secretary . We also know that Mitt and Ann Romney have a projected effective tax rate of 15 % for 2011 . They have requested an extension so we do n't have their actual returns . Their household income was just shy of $ 21 million . In a true progressive tax system , the Romneys would never pay a lower tax rate than the Obamas . We do not have a progressive tax system . The notion of a progressive tax system is the lie that has been perpetuated far too long . First , not all income is taxed the same . While our income tax has always had progressive rates , for most of the 20th century a lower rate applied to certain nonwage income . That rate differential was increased dramatically as a result of the Bush tax cuts . Most of the Romneys ' income comes from stock ownership . Stock dividends and capital gains are generally not subject to our progressive rate system . Income from stock is taxed at a flat 15 % rate . Fewer than 1 in 5 Americans owns stock in a way that qualifies for the flat rate . Of that minority , very few benefit the way the Romneys do . An analysis of IRS statistics show that for households up to $ 200,000 , no more than about 5 % of their income is eligible for the flat 15 % rate . Those households combined represent well more than 90 % of American households . The Simpson-Bowles commission included a proposal that all income should be taxed the same . While some would say that is a radical step , it is precisely what we did in 1986 . Second , not all deductions are treated the same . Two-thirds of all taxpayers do not itemize their deductions but take the standard deduction . So , as a result , most Americans do not even benefit from the myriad of special interest group deductions found in our tax code . In addition , under a progressive tax system , the value of a deduction depends upon what rate your last dollar is taxed . That is referred to as your marginal tax rate . The more income you have , the higher your marginal tax rate and the greater the value of the deduction . For example , if your marginal tax rate is 35 % , then for every dollar you spend , you save 35 cents . If your marginal tax rate is 15 % , then for every dollar you spend , you save only 15 cents . That explains why those in higher income brackets seek out tax deductions as a way to save money on their taxes . Third , all of this is supposed to be a secret . The only reason we have the information is because taxpayers voluntarily disclosed it -- either because they are presidential candidates or concerned citizens such as investor Warren Buffett . The IRS statistics do a great job of masking this information because the real problem lies within the top 1 % of taxpayers , and the data are not presented in a way that isolates that group . Congress decides to enact a tax law , and the president signs the bill . While presidents voluntarily release their tax returns , members of Congress do not . The first step toward real tax reform would be for every member of Congress to release his or her tax return . We can see which tax provisions benefit them , and we can compare their effective tax rates with our own . Achieving meaningful tax reform will require very few steps . First , tax all forms of income at the same rate . Second , repeal the progressive tax system and enact a flat tax . If a flat tax is good enough for Mitt and Ann Romney , it should be good enough for the rest of us . Most flat tax proponents , however , want a flat tax , but they want to exempt income from stock completely . That would mean Mitt and Ann Romney 's already low 15 % effective tax rate would be cut even further . That would be wrong-headed tax reform . Finally , most deductions should be eliminated . Most taxpayers do not itemize , so this change would only affect about one-third of taxpayers -- and their accountants and tax lawyers . Whenever Congress enacts a deduction , it creates winners and losers . That must stop . To be sure , every special interest group will oppose even the hint of this suggestion . But we outnumber them . I do n't think it 's fair that the richest Americans pay taxes at a lower rate than most taxpayers and neither should you . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dorothy Brown .	Dorothy Brown : We live with the myth that we have a progressive tax system In fact , she says , people like Mitt Romney , Barack Obama pay at lower rates than secretaries She says the low flat rate on dividends and capital gains protects the wealthy Brown : Getting rid of the progressive tax brackets is a step toward a fairer system
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Question : How many years since the Civil War have both U.S. senators from Pennsylvania been Democrats ? Sen. Arlen Specter 's breed of fiscally conservative , socially progressive lawmakers is on decline in Northeast . Answer : two . The state sent Democrats Francis Myers and Joseph Guffey to the Senate between 1945 and 1947 . If you knew that , you understand just how far the Republican Party has fallen in its ancestral homeland of the Northeast , a decline that was underscored by Sen. Arlen Specter 's recent decision to leave the party . Specter 's decision to join Pennsylvania Sen. Bob Casey on the Democratic side of the aisle raises a host of questions about a party that , after years in power , suddenly finds itself hemorrhaging voters and ceding vast swaths of electoral terrain . First and foremost , who killed the Rockefeller Republicans ? What happened to Specter 's breed of fiscally conservative , socially progressive , temperamentally moderate Northeastern officeholders ? And if they can be resurrected , should they ? Liberal to moderate Northeastern Republicans once were as much a part of the political landscape as today 's liberals from Massachusetts . Now , they live mostly in the history books . Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins of Maine may be the last ones standing in today 's Senate . The Northeast region sealed the deal for Abe Lincoln in 1860 . It broke the back of William Jennings Bryan 's populist Democrats in 1896 . It kept the Republicans in power for all but 16 years between the Civil War and the New Deal . Specter 's home state was the only large industrial state to back Herbert Hoover over Franklin Roosevelt in 1932 . Even after FDR started tilting the region to the Democrats , it produced a slew of moderate GOP officeholders , postwar leaders like New York 's Nelson Rockefeller and Jacob Javits , Pennsylvania 's Richard Schweiker and John Heinz , Maine 's Margaret Chase Smith and William Cohen , Massachusetts ' Leverett Saltonstall and Ed Brooke , Connecticut 's Prescott Bush and Lowell Weicker , Rhode Island 's John Chafee , New Jersey 's Clifford Case and Maryland 's Mac Mathias . So what happened ? In short , notes CNN Polling Director Keating Holland , there has been a slow but steady Northern backlash to the GOP 's four-decade-old "  Southern strategy . " Race and religion brought Southern whites into the Republican Party but also began pushing out a lot of affluent Northern suburbanites . Those socially moderate voters formed the core of the Rockefeller Republican constituency . Major political realignments do n't happen overnight , however . A lot of disaffected Dixiecrats continued voting Democratic in state and local elections for a long time , even after being wooed by Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan . Old habits die hard , and Southern Democratic parties slowed their decline by continuing to nominate candidates more in step with voters in their states . The same story , only in reverse , held true in the Northeast . Thirty years ago , after Nixon but before the Reagan Revolution , the 11 Northeastern states stretching from Maryland to Maine still sent 37 Republicans to the House of Representatives and another 10 to the Senate . Today , those same states have 18 Republican representatives in the House and three in the Senate . The numbers are more stark in New England and New York . New England no longer has a single GOP representative in the House . The 29-member New York House delegation has only three Republicans . And what about Specter 's home state ? Since Nixon implemented the Southern strategy in 1968 , the Republican presidential nominee 's share of the popular vote in Pennsylvania has been smaller than his share of the nationwide vote in every election . The erosion of the Rockefeller Republican vote is clearly seen in election returns from Specter 's political base , the moderate Philadelphia suburbs . In 1976 , Gerald Ford lost Pennsylvania to Jimmy Carter while carrying suburban Bucks , Chester , Delaware and Montgomery counties . In 2008 , John McCain lost Pennsylvania to Barack Obama while getting crushed in those same counties . McCain lost Delaware and Montgomery counties by more than 20 points . Those same suburbs are now represented by only one Republican congressman , moderate Rep. Jim Gerlach , who has been elected in each of the past four cycles by the skin of his teeth . Increasingly precise gerrymandering to create safer districts for incumbents has taken a bad situation for moderate Republicans and made it worse . Safe Republican districts are conservative districts , and conservative districts do n't nominate moderates . When Specter announced his defection to the Democrats , he noted that more than 200,000 Pennsylvania Republicans changed their registration to become Democrats in 2008 . Specter knows that the bulk of those switches came from the moderate suburbs . After barely beating conservative challenger Pat Toomey for the 2004 GOP nomination , he could read the writing on the wall for the 2010 primary . Now that Specter 's gone to the other side , should Pennsylvania Republicans nominate a conservative in 2010 ? Not if they want to have a good chance to win . A new Quinnipiac poll of Pennsylvania voters suggests that Specter would beat Toomey , a former congressman , by 20 points in a general election contest . Former Gov. Tom Ridge , a social moderate in the Rockefeller Republican mold , trails Specter by only 3 points , a statistical dead heat . It 's not impossible for more conservative candidates to win statewide in the Northeast -- former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum won two terms before losing in 2006 -- but it is significantly harder and happens much less often . Conservative candidates in step with today 's Southern-dominated GOP are out of step in the Northeast . They also represent a distinct ideological minority on the West Coast , much of the Midwest and , increasingly , the Southwest . Of course , GOP strategists are right when they say the party has been left for dead before , only to spring back to life . Barry Goldwater 's 1964 blowout loss was followed by major Republican gains in the 1966 midterms and Nixon 's triumphant return in 1968 . The party 's 1974 Watergate debacle laid the groundwork for Reagan . And Bill Clinton 's 1992 win paved the way for the GOP 's first House majority in forty years . But what may make the fallout from 2008 different is the clear regional nature of the GOP 's setback . The wipeout in the old Republican heartland has been a long time coming . At the same time , the Republicans have lost some ground in the South and the West because the Democrats have been willing to nominate candidates who differ with national party leaders on hot button social issues like gun control and abortion . They also have n't been afraid to throw a few fiscal conservatives into the mix . Winning national coalitions are rarely unified on all of the big issues . The GOP now has to decide whether it wants to copy the Democrats ' strategy in the Northeast or whether it would rather circle the ideological wagons . The decision may dictate the shape of American politics for years to come .	Liberal , moderate Northeastern Republicans once a strong part of landscape Specter 's decision to switch parties raises a host of questions about the GOP There 's been a slow northern backlash to GOP 's "  Southern strategy , " Holland says GOP has been left for dead before , only to spring back to life
Rolling Stone  -- In an excerpt from Christopher Andersen 's "  Mick : The Wild Life and Mad Genius of Jagger " published by the New York Daily News , Andersen claims that Mick Jagger and David Bowie had an ongoing sexual relationship . Among the various rumors and stories cited , the excerpt points out that Bebe Buell , mother of Liv Tyler and former lover of both Jagger and Bowie , dated the two at the same time , and that the two rockers attempted to lure her into a few orgies . "  I used to get some pretty strange phone calls from Mick and David at three in the morning inviting me to join them in bed with four gorgeous black women , " reads a quote in the book . " -LSB- Or -RSB- four gorgeous black men . " But in a Facebook post written today , Buell smashed Andersen 's account , strongly dispelling the rumors . "  This entire Bowie/Jagger thing is completely stupid and false ! Who cares what they did in their private time ? I sure do n't but I do n't like getting dragged into the press when I was n't part of it . I do n't do orgies , never did , never have ! " she writes . "  Yes , I dated both men but not at the same time . Bowie was more of JUST a friend . Jagger was a BF on and off for years . I hate having to answer to all of this crap ! A person 's sexuality is their own right and business but I am not anyone 's sex toy ! " Mick : The Wild Life and Mad Genius of Jagger was released yesterday . The Rolling Stones recently unveiled an updated logo to mark their 50th anniversary , are showcasing a free exhibit in London through August 27th , and are strongly considering playing at least one live show this year to celebrate their longevity . See full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	A book alleges that Mick Jagger and David Bowie had an ongoing sexual relationship Bebe Buell once dated them both and took to Facebook to dispel rumors "  Yes , I dated both men , but not at the same time , " she said
New York  CNN  -- Incidents of lasers targeting aircraft and pilots are increasing in frequency in the New York area , the FBI said Friday . Reports of lasers being pointed at aircraft are up 17 % percent from last year , the bureau said . Injuries involving the laser occurrences are also on the rise , the FBI said ; lasers can temporarily or permanently blind a pilot and crew . The most recent incidents happened Tuesday , the FBI said . The first involved a Shuttle America flight that was on final approach to LaGuardia Airport when a green laser illuminated the cockpit . The second was later that evening when a private aircraft reported a green laser two miles south of LaGuardia . No injuries were reported in either instance , but earlier this year several commercial pilots suffered significant injuries , including a burnt retina , because of lasers , the FBI said . "  The FBI is asking anyone with information about any of these dangerous laser incidents to pick up the phone and call us , " Assistant Director in Charge George Venizelos said . "  Our paramount concern is the safety of aircraft passengers and crew . " The FBI 's Joint Terrorism Task Force is leading the investigation . The FBI is offering a reward for information leading to the identification , arrest and conviction of anyone involved in lasers targeting aircraft . A law signed last year makes it a federal crime to aim a laser pointer at an aircraft . In 2005 , there were fewer than 300 incidents where planes were targeted , but that number grew more than 12 times to nearly 3,600 in 2011 , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . The FAA attributes the massive increase to laser pointers being more widely available online , stronger power levels , an increase in green lasers which are easier to see , and better reporting of the incidents by pilots . Man who pointed laser at aircraft lands a 30-month prison sentence In 2012 : ` Epidemic level ' of laser attacks directed at planes Rescue pilot blinded by laser , lands chopper CNN 's Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Reports of laser incidents rise 17 % from last year , the FBI says Injuries from the lasers are also on the rise Lasers can cause temporary or permanent blindness It is a federal crime to aim a laser pointer at an aircraft
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Laith repeats my question back to me , chuckling . "  What is the Iraqi media saying about the US elections ? " He pauses , thinking how best to answer . "  Man , the situation is so bad now , we only pay attention to staying alive . " He laughs again . An Iraqi journalist who works for several international news organizations , Laith tells me that he only narrowly escaped being killed by a car bomb the previous day . "  If I had been a few minutes late for work , you would n't be able to talk to me . " Laith chuckles again like so many people do in Baghdad , a resilient , tough , warm laugh . It 's been nine years since the United States and its allies invaded Iraq and toppled Saddam Hussein . And although the war officially ended when American combat troops withdrew at the end of 2011 , it 's far from peace time here . Postcard : "  Ignore us at your peril , " Afghans say Although violence in Iraq is down significantly since 2006 and 2007 , bombings , kidnappings , and assassinations are part of everyday life across the country . The Iraq Body Count database estimates that seven people have been killed every single day by suicide and car bomb attacks this year . The bomb that missed Laith killed at least seven people . At 6:30 a.m. the following morning , I 'm met more with confusion than humor when I ask the same thing of a group of day laborers in the rundown neighborhood of Bataween . "  We only watch football , " says one man . "  We do n't care about elections . " In fact , only one of the workers in the group of 40 or so standing around even knows that there 's an election going on in the United States . Rayad Salam , a 25-year-old from Nasiriya , catches my attention . Like everyone else on the corner , he is wearing a generic threadbare soccer tracksuit , the ubiquitous uniform of the terminally poor . Postcard : Athenians fear what follows U.S. election Rayad came to Baghdad after graduating from university with a degree in Classical Arabic . He wanted to be a teacher , but could n't find a job back home so came to the capital to work . Rayad makes 25,000 IQD day  $ 20  if he manages to find work , which he only does about three days a week . He tells me he 'll take any kind of work , including the most dangerous job in Iraq : policeman . When I ask him why , his answer is so universal it could have come from any one of the millions of Americans still suffering from the financial crisis : "  All I want is a job so I can take care of my family . " He leans forward to tell me something else , but a middle aged man pushes his way through the crowd and tells me I 'd better leave . The group standing around me is drawing attention to itself and we 're now making a perfect target for a bomb attack . Traffic squeezes its way around Baghdad 's clogged streets , which are pinched every few miles by military checkpoints where bored soldiers lazily hold metal rods â $ " nicknamed "  Solomon 's cane " â $ " next to passing cars , in the hope they will "  sniff " out hidden bombs . Postcard : Should U.S. raise fist to Cuba ? The cars gridlocked in traffic make it clear that although Baghdad is still dangerous , it certainly is n't poor . Among the old and beat up vehicles are plenty of brand new Land Cruisers , Pajeros , BMW X series , and black Hummer H3s . These are not the armored versions that move in convoys from fortified location to fortified location -- they are the personal cars of the city 's middle class . In the evenings the city 's wealthy roam the streets of Karada , in the center of the city , where the lights shine almost as bright as Times Square . Here you can indulge in handmade ice cream , or splash out on the latest European fashions . With oil exports in Iraq at a 30-year high  August 's revenues were $ 8.4 billion  , a lot of well-positioned people are getting extremely wealthy . More : Get latest news at CNN Election HQ Here there is a vague understanding of the two different candidates for those that watch the international Arab language channels such as Al Jazeera and Al Arabiya . Not surprisingly , Bush 's party is deeply unpopular . Toma Zaki Zahroon , a leader of the Mandean ethnic minority , explains that the "  Republicans make trouble for the U.S. Republicans will create tension with the Arab world . " Someone else tells me , "  Obama is a peaceful man , but if Romney is elected he 'll damage Arabs . I do n't know his policy but when I see his face he looks like the devil . " The most nuanced view , however , comes from Sheikh Jawad Al-Khalisi , a highly respected Shiite religious leader : "  There 's not a big difference between Democrats and Republicans . I do n't trust either candidate because they are both influenced by lobbyists . U.S. policy is actually against the American people . In 2003 Americans protested against the war , but they were n't heard . " Postcard : Why India longs for U.S. election Baghdadis do n't trust U.S. politicians , but neither do they trust their own . "  The government is full of thieves , " 23-year-old Karar tells me in his home in Hurriya , a dangerous neighborhood in northwest Baghdad . Corruption , in fact , is what most Baghdadis talk about when they talk politics . Iraq 's parliament is in a constant state of dysfunction ; warring coalitions block each other at every turn and assassinations and police brutality are used as political tools . Karar does n't care for politics . He 's a college kid whose life is dominated by working , studying , and just surviving . A year ago he was injured in a bomb attack in his neighborhood and then just a few weeks ago another bomb went off near his house , killing three of his friends . Karar tells me all of this in a very matter-of-fact way , and I ask him why he seems so unaffected by it . "  I feel sad . I 'm so sorry about their families . But what can I do ? This is normal for us . If you see your friend today , you do n't see him tomorrow . " As he pauses , the electricity cuts out and the ceiling fan stops turning . Even with the oil exports , new cars , and imported fashions , basic services in Baghdad are still terrible . On average Baghdadis receive eight to 12 hours of national electricity a day , which makes life in the summer -- when temperatures easily reach 120 degrees -- almost unbearable . Even in September , once the ceiling fan has stopped rotating , the room immediately begins to heat up . Karar gestures at everyone sitting in the room sweating and he finally answers my question about what he thinks of the U.S. election . "  I do n't think that a change of American presidents will have any effect on Iraq , " he says and then a huge grin spreads across his face and he starts to laugh that unique , resilient Baghdadi laugh .	U.S. troops withdrew last year , but the violence continues in Baghdad Republican party still seen as the party of George W. Bush by many in Baghdad Many who follow the election see little difference between Democrats , Republicans
Russian tanks , Russian artillery , Russian air defense systems and Russian troops -- all heading into Ukraine . That 's what American Gen. Phillip Breedlove , the commander of NATO forces in Europe , said Wednesday that his government has seen over the past few days -- Moscow 's latest such alleged incursion into the nation , parts of which remain in turmoil after months of violence . Russian officials frequently deny claims that the military has moved into disputed parts of the Ukraine , and this time is no exception . In a report from the country 's state-run TASS news agency , Russian military spokesman Igor Konashenkov blasted what he called Breedlove 's "  alarmist anti-Russian allegations . " "  We 've stressed many a time there are no real facts behind the acts of shaking the air by Brussels officials , " Konashenkov said , referring to the Belgian capital , where NATO is based . Ukraine violence flares as ceasefire collapses A day earlier , Breedlove said Russia has moved "  forces that are capable of being nuclear " into Crimea , which was Ukrainian territory until being folded into Russia on the heels of a government turnover earlier this year . Crimea borders southeastern Ukraine , where much of the current unrest is focused and into which Russian troops allegedly have moved . "  Whether they are -LSB- nuclear-equipped -RSB- or not , we do n't know , " Breedlove , the top U.S. general in Europe , said Tuesday . "  But they do have the kind of equipment there that could support that mission if required . " Russian President Vladimir Putin has alluded to his country 's nuclear arsenal , amid criticism of Russia 's actions . In late August , state-run TASS reported that he told a youth forum , "  I want to remind you that Russia is one of the most powerful nuclear nations . This is a reality , not just words . " Asked specifically about possible nuclear movement into Crimea , Putin 's spokesman Dmitry Peskov said , "  NATO releases such statements almost on a daily basis . We have no intention to react and comment on them . " Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu did say Wednesday that his military is considering forming "  a full-fledged and self-sufficient " unit in Crimea . Those troops ' purpose would be "  to ensure the military security of the country and its allies , " said Shoigu , according to another TASS report . "  In many respects , this is connected with the situation in Ukraine , with fomentation of anti-Russian moods on the part of NATO and reinforcement of foreign military presence in the immediate vicinity to our borders , " the defense minister said . Opinion : Ukraine or Russia -- who will blink first ? The United Nations Security Council held an emergency meeting Wednesday afternoon on the worsening situation , where one official warned of a return to serious fighting . "  We are deeply concerned over the possibility of a return to full-scale fighting , " Jens Anders Toyberg-Frandzen , U.N. assistant secretary-general for political affairs , told the Security Council . The alternative to all-out war , still a "  catastrophe for Ukraine , " would be months of continuing "  low-level battles marked by periods of increased hostilities and further casualties , " Toyberg-Frandzen said . All these accusations and actions come amid intensified fighting of late in southeastern Ukraine . Pro-Russian rebels claim control of parts of that region , despite a push by Ukrainian forces to defeat them . The two sides signed a ceasefire deal in September , raising hope that the months-long conflict was nearing an end . But now , fighting has returned to levels that preceded the ceasefire , a British security source who has detailed knowledge of the matter told CNN . As Breedlove said Tuesday , "  The ceasefire is in name only at this point . " Ukrainian Defense Minister Stepan Poltorak said his government needs to be ready for combat operations , especially amid concerns that separatists and their Russian allies are building up their forces . Ukrainian defense spokesman Andriy Lysenko said late last week that 32 tanks , 16 D-30 howitzers and 30 KamAZ heavy trucks crossed from Russia past a border checkpoint and headed toward the volatile Luhansk region . Another Ukrainian official , Dmytro Tymchuk , alleged the "  armored column " consisted of "  a battalion tactical group of the Russian Armed Forces , " according to Ukrinform state news agency . Russia accused of sending 32 tanks into Ukraine Talking at a government meeting Wednesday , Poltorak said that "  of course , we expect ... . actions " by those forces moving into and around southeastern Ukraine . He added , "  I think the main task is to prepare for fighting . "	Russian official : "  No real facts " behind claims troops moved into Ukraine Russia may form "  full-fledged " military unit in Crimea , defense minister says NATO commander says Russia military personnel , equipment has moved into Ukraine After apparent ceasefire collapse , Ukraine minister says "  prepare for fighting "
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli archaeologists have discovered an ancient Roman bathhouse that was probably used by the soldiers who destroyed the Second Temple in Jerusalem , the Israel Antiquities Authority announced Monday . The surprise discovery includes the mark of Rome 's Tenth Legion -- as well as the paw print of a dog . The animal probably belonged to one of the soldiers , excavation director Ofer Sion said . The print "  could have happened accidentally or have been intended as a joke , " he said . Archaeologists were not expecting to find the Roman structure in the Jewish Quarter , where a mikvah , or Jewish ritual bath , was being constructed . "  The mark of the soldiers of the Tenth Legion , in the form of the stamped impressions on the roof tiles and the in situ mud bricks , bears witness to the fact that they were the builders of the structure , " he said . "  It seems that the bathhouse was used by these soldiers who were garrisoned there after suppressing the Bar Kokhba uprising in 135 CE  A.D.  , when the pagan city Aelia Capitolina was established , " he explained . The structure includes a number of plastered bathtubs in the side of a pool , a pipe used to fill it with water , and a white industrial mosaic pavement on the floor . Hundreds of terra cotta roof tiles were found on the floors of the pool , indicating it was a covered structure , he added . The bathhouse tiles are stamped with the symbols of the Tenth Legion "  Fretensis " -- LEG X FR , he said . The discovery shows that the Roman encampment established to help keep Israel under Roman domination was larger than previously thought , another expert said . "  Despite the very extensive archaeological excavations that were carried out in the Jewish Quarter , so far not even one building has been discovered there that belonged to the Roman legion , " Jerusalem district archaeologist Yuval Baruch said . "  The absence of such a find led to the conclusion that Aelia Capitolina , the Roman city which was established after the destruction of Jerusalem , was small and limited in area , " he said . But the discovery of the 1,800-year-old bathhouse "  together with other discoveries of recent years , shows that the city was considerably larger than what we previously estimated , " he said . Understanding the ancient Roman city of Aelia Capitolina is "  extremely valuable , " he said , because it determined the shape of Jerusalem 's historic walls "  and the location of the gates to this very day . "	The surprise discovery shows the ancient Roman encampment was bigger than thought It includes tiles stamped with the mark of the legion that destroyed the Second Temple Archeaologists found a dog 's paw print The Roman city helped determine the shape of Jerusalem to the present day
CNN  -- The renewed bloodshed and defiant protests in Egypt prompts a provocative question : Could Egypt really collapse ? Just two years into a revolution that ignited during the Arab Spring , Egypt 's defense minister warned this week the raging conflict "  may lead to the collapse of the state and threaten the future of our coming generations . " On Wednesday , analysts described that statement as overreaching , but none dismissed the severity of the country 's problems . "  His comments were a bit over the top , " said Joshua Stacher , a fellow at the Woodrow Wilson International Center of Scholars . "  It depends on what your definition of what ` collapse ' is , " added Steven A. Cook , senior fellow for Middle Eastern studies at the Council on Foreign Relations . "  The economy is certainly in terrible shape . " James Coyle , director of global education at Chapman University in California , said the comment by Defense Minister Gen. Abdul Fattah al-Sisi was "  a bit of an overreaction . " "  But five days of riots and tens of deaths and thousands of demonstrators still in Tahrir Square two years after the fall of  Hosni  Mubarak , I can understand why he would say it . " Analysts agreed that the remarks should serve as an alarm . "  It was a warning to everybody -- the opposition , the Brotherhood -- that they 've got to get their act together , " said CNN correspondent Ben Wedeman in Cairo . He was referring to the Muslim Brotherhood , the Islamist party to which President Mohamed Morsy belongs . The military -- the powerful bulwark for Egyptian secularism that temporarily governed the country after the revolution ousted longtime ruler Mubarak -- is worried about civil war . "  This is a telegraphed message to everybody that this is getting out of control , " Wedeman said . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton also addressed the defense minister 's warning of a collapse . "  I hope not , " she told CNN Tuesday . "  That would lead to incredible chaos and violence on a scale that would be devastating for Egypt and the region . " Morsy 's government needs to understand that the revolution 's aspirations "  have to be taken seriously " and that "  the rule of law applied to everyone , " she said . "  It 's very difficult going from a closed regime -- essentially one-man rule -- to a democracy that is trying to be born and learn to walk , " Clinton explained . "  I think the messages and the actions coming from the leadership have to be changed in order to give people confidence that they are on the right path to the kind of future they seek . " Exacerbating the political crisis is Egypt 's woeful economy , where the lifeblood of tourism is all but dead and the currency is devalued , analysts said . Recent demonstrations in Port Said and nearby cities along the Suez Canal are symbolic because that region was among the first where the Mubarak regime lost control during the 2011 unrest leading to revolution , analysts said . The region has long felt distant from Cairo . Demonstrators this week ignored the curfew Morsy imposed on the region following bloodshed on the second anniversary of the revolution last Friday . Protesters fed up with slow change clashed with authorities , leaving seven people dead . Rage exploded again when a judge sentenced to death 21 residents of Port Said for their roles in a deadly soccer riot last year . At least 38 people were killed in the two days of violence after the verdict . The defense minister denied reports that the army used live ammunition on the protesters , state-run media said . "  What struck me this time was the call for emergency law and emergency measures , and it was just ignored , " Cook said . "  The people in Port Said were demonstrating and just thumbed their nose at the government . " Protesters behind the Egyptian revolution now feel betrayed , particularly as the state security agency was changed in name only to homeland security , Stacher said . No one from Mubarak 's coercive security apparatus was sentenced for any violence during the revolutionary rallies , he said . Protesters now just throw rocks at police during most encounters , he added . "  This all boils down to something very basic , " Stacher said . "  The people demanded real change in Egypt but were lied to and their wishes were postponed and they were told they were n't important . "  And the generals went around and created this exclusivist coalition  with Morsy 's government  , which is what people were protesting against in the first place , " Stacher said . In fact , protesters began calling Morsy "  Morsilini , " a reference to the late Italian fascist dictator Benito Mussolini who was Adolf Hitler 's ally . That nickname arose after Morsy gave himself sweeping powers in November . Morsy later canceled most of those powers following demonstrations . That turn of events hurt Morsy 's image because he was enjoying international attention for playing a constructive role in the recent , bloody conflict in Gaza between Hamas and Israeli forces , analysts said . The stakes are high for a country strategically positioned in Middle Eastern politics and in world trade through the Suez Canal . "  I do n't think the international community can afford for  Egypt  to collapse economically ... or politically , " Cook said . The defense minister 's warning is "  very important " because "  it shows the military has been in consultation about this . That 's why I take it more seriously , " Cook added . In the coming month , Egyptians will go to the polls to elect a lower house in Parliament . The election will be a bellwether on how Morsy 's Muslim Brotherhood now stands against the opposition coalition National Salvation Front , analysts said . "  They are smart people , " Stacher said of opposition leaders , "  but the problem is that they do n't seem like they want to have a real democracy either . " For now , the Egyptian military does n't appear to want to intervene and run the Egyptian government again as another president is selected . "  If the situation deteriorates further , the military might not have a choice and it might find a warm reception , " Cook wrote on his blog for the Council on Foreign Relations . In a revolution , the first government typically does n't stay in power , as seen in the Russian and French revolutions , Coyle explained . "  Usually it gets replaced by more radical elements of society , " he said . CNN 's Adam Makary contributed to this report from Port Said , Egypt	Egypt 's raging conflict "  may lead to the collapse of the state , " defense minister says The remark is a warning that things are getting out of control , analysts say But experts largely agree that the remark is "  a bit over the top " Egypt 's government needs to build "  confidence " among its people , Clinton says
DORCHESTER , England  CNN  -- Englishman John Webber thought nothing of the small , shiny cup , passed down from his junk dealer grandfather and stashed under a bed for years , until appraisers said it was an ancient Persian artifact . The ancient Persian gold cup , thought to date from the third or fourth century B.C. , fetched $ 100,000 at auction . The 5 1/2 - inch gold cup , which experts have dated to the third or fourth century B.C. , fetched $ 100,000 at an auction in Dorchester , southern England , Thursday . The identity of the winning bidder was n't immediately known . The relic features the double faced ancient Roman god Janus , the god of gates and doors who always looked to both the future and past and is often associated with beginnings and endings . The cup has two faces with braided hair and entwined snake ornaments at the forehead . Webber 's grandfather , William Sparks , was a rag and bone man , the British term for a junk dealer , Duke 's said , who established the iron merchants Sparks and Son in Taunton , Somerset , in southwestern England , in the 1930s . Sparks acquired the cup along with two other pieces , also up for auction , in the 1930s or 1940s , the spokeswoman said . Watch CNN report on the auction " Before he died , Sparks gave the items to Webber , who did n't realize their value , the spokeswoman said . "  Because he mainly dealt in brass and bronze , I thought that was what it was made from , " Webber told the Bournemouth News and Picture Service . "  I put it in a box and forgot about it . Then last year I moved house and took it out to have a look , and I realized it was n't bronze or brass . "  I sent it to the British Museum , and the experts there had n't seen anything like it before and recommended I had it tested at a laboratory . So I paid quite a bit of money for it to be examined by a lab the museum recommended . And they found the gold dated from the third of fourth century B.C. " Webber , who is in his 70s , said he remembers the cup from when he was a small boy . "  It 's been quite exciting finding out what it was , " he told the agency . Webber brought the items to Duke 's at the start of the year for potential sale , because he wanted to "  realize some money , " the auction house spokeswoman said . A spokeswoman for Duke 's Auction House , which is selling the cup , said the cup is believed to be from the Archaemenid empire in ancient Persia . The other two items are a second century B.C. round gold mount with a figure , probably of ancient Greek hero Ajax , who besieged Troy , and a decorated gold spoon with an image of a Roman emperor . "  He had a good eye for quality over the years , " said the spokeswoman , who asked not to be named , "  and anything interesting he 'd put aside . " Scientists analyzed trace elements of a gold sample taken from the cup to determine its age , and analysts from Oxford University concluded that they are consistent with Archaemenid gold and goldsmithing , Duke 's said .	Gold cup stashed under bed for years is $ 100,000 ancient Persian artifact Small urn went under the hammer at auction in southern England Thursday Artifact acquired by junk dealer , grandfather of current owner , in the 1930s or 1940s Experts say it is believed to date from the third or fourth century B.C.
CNN  -- A California bounty hunter says he will sue Casey Anthony and her defense attorney Jose Baez for misleading him when he helped search for her young daughter Caylee . Leonard Padilla said he is seeking $ 200,000 . Padilla said Anthony 's attorney allowed him to fly to Florida in 2008 and help search for Anthony 's then-missing 2-year-old daughter . Anthony left jail Sunday after being acquitted of murder charges in connection with the death of her daughter . Padilla says when he heard Baez 's opening statement during Anthony 's murder trial he felt conned . "  It turns out she knew where the child was all along , " Padilla said . "  They misled me , and it is definitely fraud . " At one point during the highly-publicized search for Caylee , Padilla offered a $ 25,000 reward for the girl 's return . He also says he spent $ 50,000 to bond out Anthony when she was initially jailed . He said he also brought in people to help provide security . He said he talked to Anthony on many occasions during that time and that she never said she knew where Caylee was . "  She told me the babysitter stole the baby , " Padilla said . "  They were both feeding us that line . And now we know it was never true . We lost a lot of money . " Padilla says it may take a few weeks to get his lawsuit together . Johnny Griffin , a California legal expert , told CNN affiliate KCRA that Padilla 's lawsuit may have legal merit . But he may need to do some work to prove his case , Griffin said . "  Casey Anthony never testified at trial . So he needs to prove that she lied to him , " Griffin told the affiliate . Baez can also claim that Padilla made more money becoming part of the Casey Anthony story than it cost him to be part of the search , Griffin said . When the lawsuit is filed , Padilla may have to get in line behind the others seeking money from Anthony . Florida officials are asking that Anthony repay the state for the enormous cost of investigating the case . In a motion filed earlier this month , the state called for a hearing so it can tally up costs and slap Anthony with the bill . "  The efforts and costs of the investigation were extensive and not immediately available and accordingly , the State of Florida respectfully requests this Court to set a hearing within 60 days to determine total costs , " the motion says . The motion cites a Florida law that allows the state to fine defendants in criminal cases to recoup money spent . Texas EquuSearch , a firm that helped search for Anthony 's daughter , also wants its money back . The company said it used 4,200 searchers and spent $ 112,000 looking for Caylee in Florida after the girl was reported missing in July 2008 . Tim Miller , the head of company , has said he is suing because he believes Caylee never was missing . Anthony also faces a lawsuit from a woman named Zenaida Gonzalez . At the time of Caylee 's disappearance , Anthony told family members and police that the little girl was with a nanny named Zenaida Fernandez Gonzalez . That account resulted in one of Anthony 's lying convictions . Anthony also claimed Gonzalez had kidnapped the toddler . Authorities never found a nanny by that name who cared for Caylee . They did , however , find a woman named Zenaida Fernandez Gonzalez , who denied ever meeting Anthony . Gonzalez then filed the defamation lawsuit . The judge handling the defamation lawsuit set Anthony 's deposition for October 8 . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	Leonard Padilla says he is seeking $ 200,000 Padilla helped in the search for Caylee and bonded Casey Anthony out of jail Padilla says he feels conned after watching Antony 's trial "  They misled me , and it is definitely fraud , " Padilla says
CNN  -- Evangelical pastor Ted Haggard says he contemplated suicide after his relationship with a male escort was revealed in 2006 , resulting in his being fired from the influential megachurch that he founded two decades ago . Rev. Ted Haggard tells Oprah Winfrey he still struggles with homosexual urges but says he is not gay . Haggard told talk show host Oprah Winfrey on Wednesday that the scandal forced him to work through his "  issues " with homosexuality . "  I was dying . I had settled in my mind exactly how I was going to commit suicide , " Haggard told Winfrey . "  I was preparing , and in my life , Jesus came to me and he said , ` Now , now I can save you . ' " The interview also addressed the latest scandal involving the embattled pastor . In a statement from Haggard that Winfrey read at the end of the program , Haggard denied having "  physical contact " with a second man whose allegations of an inappropriate relationship with Haggard surfaced recently . Watch Haggard 's accuser speak out " Haggard , who appeared in the prerecorded interview segment with his wife and two of his three children , said he continues to struggle with homosexual urges but insisted he is not gay . Haggard continues to have "  sexual thoughts about men , but they 're not compulsive any more , and I do have temptations , but they 're not compulsive , " he told Winfrey . He said one therapist described him as a "  heterosexual with homosexual attachments , " and he admitted to struggling with homosexual urges all his life . "  I do believe I do n't fit into the normal boxes , " Haggard said . "  I do think there are complexities associated with some people 's sexuality , but it just was n't as simple as I wanted it to be , because I was so deeply in love with my life . " But , he added , "  I had this other thing going on inside of me too . " Haggard founded the Colorado-based New Life Church in his basement in 1984 and oversaw its growth to a megachurch with some 15,000 members . After the scandal , he was fired from the church in 2006 and also resigned as president of the National Association of Evangelicals -- a group that says it represents millions of people in 45,000 evangelical church congregations nationwide . His fall followed allegations from male escort Mike Jones about a sex-for-money relationship that involved drugs . "  When it first started to happen , I lied about it because I was so ashamed , and it was the first time that that dark area of my life that I had worked so hard to keep secret and fight against was coming to the surface , " he told Winfrey . "  I thank God , though , that in this process , I am where I am now and that accusation and the scandal had a lot to do with that , " he said . The interview aired as Haggard tries to combat the latest allegations . A senior pastor at New Life Church in Colorado Springs , Colorado , said Monday that the church agreed to pay the second man -- a 20-year-old church volunteer -- in exchange for his pledge not to talk publicly about the relationship with Haggard . After the taped segment , Winfrey read a statement from Haggard about those new allegations . "  Even though there was never any physical contact , I have regretted my irresponsible behavior , " Haggard said , referring to allegations from a man he identified as Grant . "  I apologized to Grant , my family and the church two years ago . I now ask him again for his forgiveness as well as the people of the church , " Haggard said . In the past three weeks , the man told New Life Senior Pastor Brady Boyd that he was considering going public with his story because Haggard was portraying himself as a victim in an upcoming HBO documentary called "  The Trial of Ted Haggard , " which is scheduled to air Thursday .	Haggard : "  I had settled in my mind exactly how I was going to commit suicide " Haggard founded New Life Church , was fired after male prostitute scandal Haggard says he still has homosexual temptations , but they are not compulsive Haggard denies physical contact , apologizes to man involved in new allegations
U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel visited the Chinese aircraft carrier Liaoning at the Yuchi Naval Base at Qingdao on Monday , becoming the first foreigner allowed on board . The Department of Defense confirmed that the trip happened because of a U.S. request . "  The secretary was very pleased with his visit today aboard the carrier Liaoning , " Pentagon Press Secretary Navy Rear Adm. John Kirby said in a statement . The Secretary was impressed with the professionalism with the ship 's officers and crew , Kirby added , and said that Hagel understood the significance of the PLA 's granting of his request . The tour lasted about two hours , and included a briefing , after which Hagel saw medical and living quarters , as well as the flight control center and bridge . Hagel also took a walking tour of the flight deck and launch stations . Hagel 's visit suggests that U.S. efforts to encourage greater U.S.-China military ties are bearing some fruit . "  He hopes today 's visit is a harbinger of other opportunities to improve our military-to-military dialogue and transparency , " the press secretary said . The visit comes as China has deployed a huge force to aid in the hunt for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane far from its territorial waters . In late 2012 , China announced that it had landed a fighter jet on the deck of the aircraft carrier for the first time . The Liaoning will be able to carry 30 J-15 fighter planes and will have a crew of 2,000 , according to a People 's Daily Online report published when it completed its first sea trials in August 2011 . China bought the shell of the carrier , then called the Varyag , from Ukraine in 1998 . Its construction began under the Soviet military before the breakup of the Soviet Union . Asian superpowers jostle to join the aircraft carrier club	Hagel visited the Chinese aircraft carrier Liaoning on Monday Trip described as "  significant , " U.S. asked for visit The Liaoning aircraft carrier will be able to carry 30 J-15 fighter planes , Chinese media reports
Washington  CNN  -- Microsoft and Google are getting help from other tech companies in their fight to release more information about government surveillance orders , which companies say is their First Amendment right to provide . On Monday , Microsoft and Google were joined by Yahoo and Facebook in asking the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to allow them to make public aggregate data listing the number of court-ordered records requests , including those made for criminal and national security investigations . The companies , in court filings made with the surveillance court , portrayed the government 's attempt to block them from publishing more detailed data as a version of prior restraint , infringing their right to exercise their First Amendment rights . The move seeks to set a high bar for the government to stop publication , akin to the Nixon administration 's failed attempt to stop newspapers from publishing the Pentagon Papers . According to the companies ' court filings , the data is n't classified , but the government seeks to prevent publication on national security grounds . They argue there are ways for them to tell their customers more about the government 's requests , with broad statistics every six months , without compromising individual security investigations . The companies argue that they are acting to correct the public record on national security requests they are compelled to obey . They cite disclosures by Edward Snowden , a fugitive former National Security Agency contractor who says he leaked thousands of documents on government surveillance , which has led to erroneous news stories , the companies say . All say they do not allow the government direct access to their computer servers . Google in its filing says , "  Notwithstanding Google 's complete denial , the revelations about the scope of the NSA activities , and false or misleading stories about Google 's alleged involvement in such activities , have continued unabated and continue to cause substantial harm to Google 's reputation and business . " The other companies also said their businesses were being harmed by not being allowed to provide more information . In the court filings , the companies are asking to publish how many government data requests are for content and how many are for so-called metadata , which includes information such as the sender and receiver of e-mails and phone calls , and the time and date when they are sent or made . Google and Microsoft also asked to make oral arguments on the legal fights ; Google asked that the court , which normally conducts its proceedings in secret , allow arguments open to the public . James Clapper , director of national intelligence , has said the agency plans to publish broad data on criminal and national security surveillance requests . But that data would n't show requests made to each company . The legal tussle came as the technology company officials went to the White House as part of a new "  working group " focusing on transparency . The Obama administration has defended the NSA 's surveillance activities , saying they are necessary to prevent terrorism and protect national security . But President Barack Obama has acknowledged the need for greater transparency and invited companies to help come up with new ways to disclose more . Microsoft and Google first made their request to publish surveillance data in June and then spent the last few months negotiating with the government . After failing to reach an agreement , the companies got permission from the surveillance court to make new legal filings . The deadline for those filings was Monday . The Justice Department declined to comment on the case .	Microsoft , Google seek OK to tell customers what information NSA has gotten Yahoo , Facebook join request before Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court Companies say not reporting the information violates First Amendment rights
CNN  -- From dusk until dawn , 12-year-old Fayaz toils at his uncle 's blacksmith shop in Kabul . While other kids his age are in school , he 's swinging a heavy sledgehammer and doing physically exhausting work that he knows is not meant for a boy . But he does n't have much choice . It has been that way since he was 7 , when his father got sick . "  Fayaz went to get the doctor , but the doctor did n't come because they could n't afford the doctor 's services . Later that night , his father died , " filmmaker Jawad Wahabzada explained recently on CNN 's "  BackStory . " "  After that , Fayaz and his two brothers were forced by economic difficulties to work . " Fayaz is one of four young Afghans featured in the half-hour documentary "  Unnoticed : Children of Kabul , " which Wahabzada co-directed and produced along with iReporter Jon Bougher . Wahabzada said there are 50,000 to 60,000 kids working in Kabul . "  They all share a very similar story , " he told CNN 's Guillermo Arduino . "  Usually either their father died or the father is disabled , mom ca n't work , so these kids are forced into child labor . " UNICEF has estimated that at least 30 % of Afghan children age 5-14 are working in some form . But the issue goes far beyond Afghanistan 's borders : UNICEF says that worldwide , approximately 158 million children between 5 and 14 , one of every six children in that age group , are engaged in child labor . "  Most of these children are working to help their families meet their basic needs ; not all of them , " said Eric Edmonds , an associate professor of economics at Dartmouth College who advises many U.S. and international organizations on child labor issues . "  I think it 's easy to see instances of child abuse and child neglect and assume they 're pervasive and they characterize all of those working children . But I think the reality of the situation is that ... most of those working children are doing so to help meet family needs . " While it varies by country , Edmonds said the world 's most common child labor -- by far -- is agricultural . Forget about the manufacturing "  sweatshops " that tend to dominate the headlines . Often , child labor is simply a kid working on the family farm . "  A lot of people say that 's character-building , that 's good stuff for them to be doing , " Edmonds said . "  But the risks associated with agriculture are actually a lot more extreme than a lot of shopkeeping-type tasks that you can imagine : children involved in toxic chemicals , children exposed to pests , children operating machinery that 's too large for them , is n't designed to be done by them . All are serious risks that unfortunately a lot of children face . " Of course , the risk of physical harm is just one of many consequences that come with child labor , whether it 's on a farm , in a factory or on a street . The most serious might be the effect it has on society as a whole . If children are spending most of their time working , they 'll never be able to attend school and get the education they need to find a better-paying job one day . Often , they will grow up illiterate and poor and pass on the same problems to their own children . "  Child labor perpetuates poverty , " said Elena Durón Miranda , a 2011 CNN Hero . "  It compromises the future of any country because it condemns its most vulnerable citizens . " ' A better future ' In some countries , children are so desperately poor that they spend their days at trash dumps , scavenging for things to sell and sometimes eat . Eleven years ago , Durón Miranda was shocked to see about 200 children , some as young as 3 , working at a trash dump in Bariloche , Argentina . "  I saw children collect green sausages , a bag of potato chip crumbs , a bag of noodles with cream , and recovered leftover yogurt next to a diaper , " said Durón Miranda , a Mexican who , at the time , was visiting the country for work . "  The children began to gently clean the food -- wiping each little noodle , each potato and peeling the sausage skin so methodically and accurately . It was as if they had done this same activity many times . " Durón Miranda soon learned that many children in Bariloche dropped out of school to spend their lives as "  ragpickers . " "  At that moment in time , my son was the same age as many of them , " she said . "  So that struck me as horrific . " The scene inspired her to start a nonprofit called PETISOS , which stands for Prevención y Erradicación del Trabajo Infantil SOS  Prevention and Eradication of Child Labor SOS  . The organization provides children with free education and extracurricular programs so they do n't have to work . Today , more than 200 boys and girls in Bariloche benefit from PETISOS . "  We give them an incentive to have a better future , a different future , " she said . One of the children featured in Wahabzada 's documentary is a ragpicker . Yasamin , a 13-year-old Afghan girl , scavenges the trash dumps of Kabul 's richest neighborhoods . "  She usually picks  up  paper and plastic , but if she finds metal , she picks it up , too , and sells it , " Wahabzada told CNN 's Michael Holmes . "  They use the paper and plastic for firewood . " Yasamin 's father was killed in a bomb explosion four years ago , and her mother is mentally ill , according to the documentary . So she and her 8-year-old brother have had to help support themselves . "  If you 're there in Afghanistan just walking around , you see thousands and thousands of kids working in the street , " Wahabzada said . "  You see people passing by , and no one pays attention . " The issue has special significance to the young Afghan filmmaker , now a student at Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem , North Carolina . Born in 1991 during the early stages of the Afghan civil war , he was once a child laborer . "  We weaved rugs eight hours a day . ... My friends and classmates every day played soccer  outside the factory  , " he said . "  I could hear them every day shouting , and so the whole time I was making rugs , my mind was outside with them . "  I was fortunate to move to the United States where I received an education . Now I came back to Afghanistan to tell the stories of kids who share a very similar story with me . " His co-director hopes the film will have a positive impact on Afghanistan 's future . "  Sixty-eight percent of the Afghan population right now is under the age of 25 , " Bougher said . "  So this is a golden opportunity to really have advancement in this country , to have Afghanistan move forward . "  By really investing in this population , by showing people what 's going on ... I think we can really make a difference . " For more information about "  Unnoticed : Children of Kabul , " e-mail the filmmakers at unnoticedkabul@gmail.com . CNN 's Christie O'Reilly contributed to this report .	A new documentary examines the child labor problem in Afghanistan 's capital There are nearly 60,000 child workers there , according to the film 's co-director UNICEF : Worldwide , child labor affects one of every six children age 5-14
CNN  Professional climbers Tommy Caldwell and Kevin Jorgeson may be hours away from reaching a new height : the top of El Capitan in Yosemite National Park . Since December 27 , Caldwell and Jorgeson have been scaling the 3,000-foot rock formation . Now , it appears the duo will reach the summit on Wednesday or Thursday . The route Caldwell and Jorgenson are attempting is the notoriously difficult Dawn Wall , more than a half mile high . There are many routes up El Capitan , but only a handful have been attempted by climbers trying to free climb -- using only their hands and feet -- with ropes designed only to catch them when they fall . And none have successfully conquered El Capitan 's Dawn Wall . Perhaps no route is more challenging than the Dawn Wall , which offers few footholds and may be the most difficult climb in the world . If they succeed , Caldwell and Jorgeson would be the first to successfully free-climb the Dawn Wall , Yosemite National Park officials confirmed . For Caldwell , it 's a dream that has been in the making for several years . An accomplished climber , Caldwell already completed five other routes on El Capitan , according to his bio . But family members say the Dawn Wall route is one that has consumed him . "  He was looking for more of a challenge " said Caldwell 's father Mike . "  He started going up and repelling down and trying to see if he could see holds that could turn into a climb . Over a two-year period , he probably spent 25-30 days on the wall just looking it over . " Jorgeson , who started climbing competitively as a teenager , did n't know Caldwell until he decided to join him on the climb . "  Kevin called Tommy offering to help with the climb and that 's how they met , " Mike Caldwell said . The team attempted an earlier push on the project several years ago , but were shut down due to weather , according to Caldwell 's Facebook page . The anticipation of completing the climb is generating excitement , with family members headed to the mountain . Tommy Caldwell 's wife left Colorado Monday headed to Yosemite , and Caldwell 's parents are heading that way Tuesday . The climbers , meanwhile , have expressed the adventure 's joys and heartaches through various social media accounts . Follow their journey on Caldwell and Jorgeson 's Instagram accounts , Caldwell and Jorgeson 's Facebook accounts and YouTube . CNN 's Katia Hetter contributed to this story .	Tommy Caldwell , Kevin Jorgeson trying to become first free climbers to reach top of El Capitan El Capitan is 3,000-foot rock formation in Yosemite National Park They are expected to reach the summit soon
Dramatic video of a stunt pilot buzzing a Texas runway -- narrowly missing two people -- has prompted the Federal Aviation Administration to investigate the incident , authorities confirmed Thursday . The video , shot January 16 at Lancaster Municipal Airport south of Dallas , depicts a plane coming in close proximity to two people in an apparently staged stunt . The pilot , identified as Jason Newburg , previously had an FAA waiver to do aerobatics at the airport , but the waiver expired in November , an FAA source -- who requested anonymity because of the ongoing investigation -- told CNN . FAA spokesman Lynn Lunsford said Thursday the agency is investigating the incident . "  Even with a valid waiver , there is a requirement that people on the ground not be endangered , " he said . The 19-second clip , titled "  200mph Plane fly-by within 2 feet of person , " was uploaded to YouTube , according to The Smoking Gun , which also posted the video . In a Twitter post , a member of Team Stunters -- a motorcycle stunt team -- reported the footage was shot during a "  practice session for upcoming shows , " The Smoking Gun reported . The Smoking Gun is owned by Turner Broadcasting , which also owns CNN . A CNN phone call to Newburg was not immediately returned , nor were e-mails to the motorcycle stunt team .	Video shot January 16 near Dallas shows stunt plane narrowly missing two people FAA source : The pilot 's waiver to perform aerobatics at the airport had expired A motorcycle stunt team shooting a practice video captured the incident
CNN  -- When the Republican candidates were asked what they would bring to the White House if elected , Georgia businessman Herman Cain set himself apart from the career politicians on the stage with him by replying : "  I would bring a sense of humor to the White House , because America 's too uptight ! " He could have been describing the others on stage with him Monday night at the GOP presidential candidate debate sponsored by CNN and The Tea Party Express . Here is how they answered the same question : Former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania : Well , mine is pretty obvious . Karen and I have seven children , so we 'd add a bedroom or -- and some beds to the White House . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich : Well , first of all , I would reduce the White House by kicking out all the White House czars the first day , creating a lot more space . And then , because of Callista 's interest , we 'd have a lot more music , because of my granddaughter , Maggie , we 'd have ballet , and because of my grandson , Robert , we 'd have a very large chess set . So it 'll all come together . Texas Rep. Ron Paul : I 'd bring a bushel basket full of common sense . And I would also bring a course in Austrian economics to teach the people the business cycle and why the Fed creates inflation and depressions and all our unemployment problems . Texas Gov. Rick Perry : It 's simple . I 'm going to bring the most beautiful , most thoughtful , incredible first lady that this country 's ever seen , Anita . Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney : You know , one of -- one of my heroes was a man who had an extraordinary turn of phrase . He once said about us , he said , you know , you can count on the Americans to get things right after they 've exhausted all the alternatives . And now and then we 've made a couple of mistakes . We 're quite a nation . And this man , Winston Churchill , used to have his bust in the Oval Office . And if I 'm president of the United States , it 'll be there again . Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann : I would bring a copy of the Declaration of Independence , the Constitution of the United States , the Bill of Rights , and that 's it . Former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman : And to play to that theme -- my wife 's going to kill me for saying this -- but I would bring my -- as a 40-year motorcycle rider , I would bring my Harley-Davidson and my motocross bike .	Candidates tell what changes they would bring to the White House Georgia businessman says he 'd bring a sense of humor Rick Santorum , father of 7 , says he would add a bedroom Jon Huntsman says he 'd park his Harley there
Peshawar , Pakistan  CNN  -- Seven teachers abducted last week for supporting a polio vaccination campaign in Pakistan 's tribal Khyber Agency have been released by militants , their school principal said Tuesday . "  All the teachers have been released after they were questioned over their activities by militant group Lashkar-e-Islam , " Hira Public School Principal Qasim Khan told CNN . The principal would not say what information the militant group wanted from the teachers , who were abducted Thursday . The militant group , which has connections to the Pakistan Taliban , opposes polio vaccinations , accusing polio workers of pursuing a political agenda . Anti-polio campaigns have been targeted by militants in Pakistan since U.S. intelligence officials used a fake vaccination program to help in their hunt for Osama bin Laden in 2011 . Under cover of the program , the CIA sought to collect DNA samples from relatives of the al Qaeda leader to verify his presence in a compound in Abbottabad . Since July 2012 , at least 22 polio workers have been killed . The polio campaign has a history of controversy in Pakistan . Some mullahs have preached against it , claiming falsely that the oral vaccine leaves Pakistani children sterile . Last year , a Taliban commander in northwest Pakistan announced a ban on polio vaccines for children in the region as long as the United States continued its campaign of drone strikes . At least 16 cases of polio have been reported this year in Khyber Agency . Law and order problems in Bara have left it particularly vulnerable to the disease , which has been declared eradicated from adjacent India . Polio , which can cause permanent paralysis in hours , remains endemic only in Pakistan , Nigeria and Afghanistan . After its case count spiked sharply last year , Pakistan stepped up eradication efforts . The numbers fell from 198 in 2011 to 58 in 2012 , but that progress has stopped : Pakistan is the only one of the three countries where polio is endemic to see its numbers go up this year , according to Dr. Bruce Aylward , the World Health Organization 's assistant director-general for polio , emergencies and country collaboration . As of November 19 , it has seen 63 cases this year versus 54 cases as of that date last year , he said last week in a telephone interview . A second concern is spread of the infectious viral disease from Pakistan to other parts of the world -- cases diagnosed this year in Afghanistan have been linked directly to virus from Pakistan , he said . Vaccination campaign against polio , other diseases begins in Mideast Journalist Zahir Shah Sherazi reported from Peshawar , CNN 's Shaista Aziz and Saima Mohsin wrote from Islamabad , and CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed from Atlanta	The teachers had supported a polio vaccination campaign at their school A phony polio campaign set up by U.S. intelligence has fomented opposition to such work Since July 2012 , at least 22 polio workers have been killed
CNN  -- Anti-government demonstrations broke out Friday in Syria after weekly Muslim prayers , with activists reporting at least 34 deaths amid clashes between security forces and protesters . The Syria Human Rights Information Link told CNN that at least 11 people died in the western industrial city of Homs when security forces fired at crowds . For two months , Syria has been torn by street protests against political repression and a fierce security crackdown against demonstrators . The government 's tough and violent actions toward marchers and its thousands of mass arrests have drawn widespread criticism . Demonstrations erupted after Friday prayers in Syrian cities , as they have for weeks . The United States has imposed sanctions on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and other senior officials . On Thursday , President Barack Obama singled out Syria for criticism during his speech on the Middle East . A rights activist in Homs described thick black smoke hanging over the city as thousands of demonstrators took to the streets demanding al-Assad 's ouster . According to the rights activist , the demonstrators gathered from several neighborhoods around Homs . The demonstrators chanted slogans calling for the release of political detainees and demanded freedom , equality and fundamental reforms , the activist said . As the crowd grew , security forces fired shots in the air and tried to disperse the gathering . When people refused to leave , security forces fired at the throngs , killing some and wounding others , the rights activist said . Despite the eruption of violence , demonstrators remained in the streets and chanted for the downfall of the regime . The Syrian Human Rights Information Link also said 13 died in Maarat al-Numan southwest of Aleppo . Two people were killed in the western city of Deir Alzour . At least one person was killed in the turbulent southern city of Daraa , and another died in Sanamen outside Daraa . One each died in the western coastal city of Latakia , the Damascus suburb of Darya and the western city of Hama . An additional three people died in the violence , but it was not immediately clear where , the rights group said . For the first time in about 25 days , the residents of Daraa heard the call for Friday prayers over mosques ' speakers , according to activist Abdullah Abazeed . Previously , all mosques , shops , schools and other businesses had been closed and a strict curfew imposed due to the military siege in the town . But an activist there said the call to prayers was "  simply a show by the Syrian government to make it seem everything is OK and back to normal . " He said security forces surrounded four mosques Friday , but many residents shunned mosques in favor of praying in public squares . Arrests and attacks on civilian homes have continued , according to the activist . There were small protests in Daraa after Friday prayers , but no large demonstrations , he said . An eyewitness said demonstrators in the Damascus suburb of Qaboon marched toward the town 's Grand Mosque , a demonstration that started with 800 people and grew to 3,000 . As the group approached the mosque , a heavy security presence surrounded the demonstrators . Security personnel fired tear gas into the crowd and arrested protesters , the eyewitness said . Purported videos of protests surfaced on the Internet . The gatherings were said to be in Damascus , Homs , the city of Hama in the west and Abu Kamal in the far east of the country near Iraq . Demonstrators have blamed Syrian security for the violence , but the government has repeatedly pointed to unspecified "  armed groups " for instigating the violence . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency on Friday said that "  armed groups exploited gatherings of citizens in Idlib and the outskirts of Homs " and "  opened fire on civilians and police forces , which resulted in a number of deaths and injuries . " It said there were no confrontations or interference by security forces in other locations , where scores of people gathered in several provinces after Friday prayers and "  mostly " dispersed after they chanted for freedom . Meanwhile , the U.N. refugee agency said Friday that people have been crossing into Lebanon from a turbulent Syrian region where violence has erupted recently . About 1,400 people have entered the Wadi Khaled and Tall Biri regions of Lebanon over the past week from the Syrian town of Tal Kalakh , the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said . The number is "  in addition to those that have crossed since late April . Local authorities estimate that around 4,000 Syrians have crossed to Lebanon , " the agency said in a written statement . "  Many of those who have crossed the border recently have come without any belongings , having fled what they say was heavy military bombardment of Tal Kalakh and surrounding areas , " it said . "  Most have found shelter with relatives or host families , and some are residing temporarily in a school in Tall Biri . " Clashes between citizens and security forces have been reported for days in embattled Tal Kalakh , and witnesses there are reporting a strong security presence despite claims from the government of a troop pullout . In his address Thursday , Obama said Syrians have displayed "  courage in demanding a transition to democracy " but the regime "  has chosen the path of murder and the mass arrests of its citizens . " "  President Assad now has a choice : He can lead that transition , or get out of the way , " Obama said . "  The Syrian government must stop shooting demonstrators and allow peaceful protests , release political prisoners and stop unjust arrests , allow human rights monitors to have access to cities like Daraa and start a serious dialogue to advance a democratic transition . Otherwise , President Assad and his regime will continue to be challenged from within and isolated abroad . " Despite the international outcry against Syria , al-Assad does have support from Venezuela 's president . Syria is "  the victim of a fascist onslaught , " Chavez said Friday via Twitter . Chavez , a leftist president who has aligned himself with countries hostile to the United States , said that he spoke on Friday to al-Assad , whom he called a "  brother . " "  God help Syria , " Chavez tweeted . The grass-roots demonstrations began in and around Daraa in mid-March and have spread to other cities such as Homs , Banias , Douma and Latakia . Most recently , there has been unrest in Tal Kalakh . A few dozen people have been killed recently in the town near the Lebanese border , human rights activists said . The Syrian state-run news agency Thursday quoted a military source as saying that army units started withdrawing from the town "  after accomplishing their mission of ending the state of security disorder caused by outlawed armed groups . " "  Life in the city is gradually going back to normal , " the source was quoted as saying . But CNN spoke to one activist who said that "  army tanks pulled out of Tal Kalakh but continue to maintain their siege of the city . " Another witness said the military remains in the city center and in the suburbs and security forces are making arrests . As for the Syrian refugees filtering into Lebanon , that country 's prime minister , Saad Hariri , asked the government 's High Relief Committee last week to supervise and coordinate the work with the refugees . The U.N. refugee agency has helped distribute mattresses , blankets and food . "  The proactive role taken by the Lebanese authorities to ensure that new arrivals are assisted is encouraging , " the U.N. agency said . "  Most of the people who have crossed the border in recent weeks are women and children , " it said . "  In addition to their immediate need for food , shelter and medical help , they also need psycho-social support . The latter is being addressed by the Ministry of Social Affairs . " The agency said it has "  established a field presence in the north , working closely with the ministry to assess and provide needed protection interventions . " CNN 's Arwa Damon , Nada Husseini , Salma Abdelaziz , Hamdi Alkhshali and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	State-run media reports "  armed groups exploited gatherings " and casualties ensued Clashes are reported in western city of Homs ; at least 11 are dead there People are killed elsewhere , including Daraa , Maarat al-Numan and Latakia Marchers walk toward the Grand Mosque in a Damascus suburb
Texas Gov. Rick Perry suspended his struggling presidential campaign Thursday and threw his support to Newt Gingrich , a development that could alter the dynamics of the Republican race just two days before the tightening South Carolina primary . "  I believe Newt is a conservative visionary who can transform our country . We 've had our differences , which campaigns will inevitably have , and Newt is not perfect , but who among us is ? " Perry said at a press conference in Charleston , South Carolina . Perry said "  there is no viable path forward for me in this 2012 campaign . " "  I have no question that Newt Gingrich has the heart of a conservative reformer , the ability to rally and captivate the conservative movement . The courage to tell those Washington interests to take a hike if that 's what 's in the best interest of our country , " Perry said . Shortly after Perry 's speech , the former House speaker released a statement on the endorsement . "  I am humbled and honored to have the support of my friend Rick Perry . His selflessness is yet another demonstration of his deep sense of citizenship and commitment to the cause of limited government , historic American values and greater freedom for every American , " Gingrich said . One source close to the Perry campaign said Perry made the final decision Wednesday night and spoke with Gingrich on the phone shortly before he held the press conference Thursday morning . "  He believes we need a conservative for president and Mitt Romney is not conservative , " the source said . Speaking to reporters Thursday after the announcement , Perry 's spokesman Ray Sullivan said the governor will return to Austin and remain there through the weekend . While there are no plans for Perry to campaign for Gingrich at this time , he said those plans will be re-evaluated after Saturday 's South Carolina primary . Asked if Perry 's wife , Anita , agreed with the governor 's decision , Sullivan said the family is all "  supportive . " The move comes two days before the South Carolina primary and hours before the final debate ahead of the voting , which will take place on CNN Thursday night . The campaigns of Gingrich and Rick Santorum reached out to the Perry campaign Thursday morning in an "  aggressive effort " to get his endorsement , according to a source close to Perry . Perry placed fifth in Iowa and last in New Hampshire -- a state in which he did not actively compete -- and had said he would launch a bid to win in South Carolina . "  South Carolinians are looking for a conservative candidate that will get this country back working again and I am it , " Perry told CNN last week . On Wednesday , CNN asked Perry about a poll that showed him with only 6 % support among likely voters in the South Carolina primary . He insisted he was continuing with the effort to have a strong showing in the state . "  We 're convinced that that 's our goal , so the idea that we 're going to do anything else , other than try to impact this election is -- that 's why we got in it . We did n't get in it because it was our purpose in life to be the president of the United States . We did it because it was our purpose to serve this country , and that 's what we 've been called for , and that 's what we 're going to continue doing . " When Perry entered the race in August , he immediately did well in the polls . But a series of gaffes , particularly at debates against his rivals , sent his support plummeting . On Thursday , his campaign website continued to say "  help Rick Perry win South Carolina and get America back on track . " Perry 's official campaign Facebook page was filled with posts , largely from disappointed voters .	Perry endorses Gingrich , says he has heart of "  conservative reformer " The final debate before the South Carolina primary takes place tonight on CNN The Gingrich and Santorum campaigns reached out for Perry 's endorsement , source tells CNN The latest poll showed Perry at 6 % among likely voters in the South Carolina Republican primary
Tribune Media Services  -- Italy 's Cinque Terre is a quintet of villages clinging to a bit of rugged coastline between Genoa and Pisa . Long cut off from the modern world , this remote chunk of the Italian Riviera only became easily accessible with the coming of the train . Boats are a way of life in Vernazza . Each village is a variation on the same theme : a well-whittled , pastel jumble of homes , filling a gully like crusty sea creatures in a tide pool . Locals are the barnacles -- hungry , but patient . And we travelers are like algae , coming in with the tide . Since my mind goes on vacation with the rest of me when I 'm here , I think of the towns by number , east to west : no. 1 Riomaggiore  a workaday town  , no. 2 Manarola  picturesque  , no. 3 Corniglia  on a hilltop  , no. 4 Vernazza  the region 's dramatic cover girl  , and no. 5 Monterosso al Mare  the closest thing to a beach resort  . To preserve this land , the government has declared the Cinque Terre  CHINK-weh TAY-reh  a national park . For a small entrance fee  about $ 8 for a one-day pass  , visitors can hike the trail connecting all five towns , a trek that takes about five hours . You can choose any village for a home base , but Vernazza is my favorite . At the top end of town a little road hits a post , effectively a dead end for drivers . Like the breakwater keeps out the waves at the bottom of town , the post keeps out the modern storm at the top . No cars enter this village of 600 people -- except on Tuesday morning , when a few cars and trucks show up for a tailgate-party street market , augmenting the meager business community . Vernazza has the only natural harbor in the Cinque Terre . In the Middle Ages , there was no beach or square . The water went right up to the buildings , where boats would tie up , Venetian-style . Vernazza 's fishing fleet is down to just a couple of boats . Still , Vernazzans are more likely to own a boat than a car . Boats remain on buoys , except in winter or when the red storm flag indicates bad seas . In that case they 're allowed to pull up onto the main square , usually reserved for restaurant tables . Vernazza has a humble little working beach -- a pebbled cove littered with scenes of a community that lives off the sea ... and travelers who love the views . Well-worn locals fill the benches while tourists sunbathe on rocks . In the summer , the beach becomes a soccer ground , where teams fielded by local bars and restaurants provide late-night entertainment . The town has two halves . Sciuiu  Vernazzan dialect for "  flowery "  is the sunny side on the left as you face inland , and luvegu  dank  is the shady side on the right . On the far right , a castle -- now just stones and a grassy park -- served as the town 's lookout back in pirate days . Below the castle an interior arcade connected the houses -- ideal for fleeing attacks . These days , "  Ligurian pastel " colors are regulated by a commissioner of good taste in the regional government . Vernazza 's harbor-front church is unusual for its strange entryway , which faces east  altar side  . Hanging on the wall inside are three historic portable crosses -- replicas of crosses that Vernazza ships once brought along on crusades to the Holy Land . During Easter processions , these crosses are taken down and carried through town . Located in front of the church , a tiny piazza -- decorated with a river rock mosaic -- is a popular hangout spot . It 's where Vernazza 's old ladies soak up the last bit of sun , and kids enjoy a patch of level ball field . Beyond the town , vineyards , with their many terraces , fill the mountainside . Someone -- probably after too much local wine -- calculated that the roughly 3,000 miles of terrace walls have the same amount of stonework as the Great Wall of China . Wine production is down nowadays , as younger residents choose less physical work . But locals still maintain their tiny plots and proudly serve their family wines . Evenings in Vernazza are well spent sitting on a bench and enjoying the scene , either with a gelato or a glass of local white wine  borrow the glass from a bar , they do n't mind  . Observe the passeggiata  evening stroll  , as locals meander lazily up and down the main street doing their vasca  laps  . Or gaze at the people looking out the windows of the faded pastel buildings , like a gallery of portraits hanging on ancient walls . Here in Vernazza the generation that did n't grow up with television spends time posted at their windows , watching over a world as reassuring as the Mediterranean tide . Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio . E-mail him at rick@ricksteves.com, or write to him c/o P.O. Box 2009 , Edmonds , Wash. 98020 . Copyright 2009 RICK STEVES , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows His TV series , "  Rick Steves ' Europe , " airs on PBS stations Steves ' company , Europe Through the Back Door , conducts European tours
CNN  -- An intimate black-and-white photograph of Princess Diana as a teenager is to go under the hammer in Amherst , New Hampshire , later this month , an auction company said Friday , The photograph -- which may never before have been seen by the public , RR Auction says -- offers a glimpse of the future wife of Prince Charles lying down , perhaps on a bed , wearing a light sweater or top . Only her head and arms can be seen . Behind her a young man leans against the wall , reading , his book resting on her shoulder . The future princess looks relaxed , half smiling at the camera . A bottle of whiskey can be seen on the windowsill . Another man is half seen in the foreground , but there is no clue as to who he or Diana 's other companion might be . Large , black wording across the top of the photograph states "  Not to be published , " and there are two dark lines under the words and above Diana 's head . A lighter circle encompasses the words , Diana and the man reading the book . The only indication of date is a stamp on the back of the print saying 26 February 1981 -- two days after the engagement of Diana , then 19 , and Prince Charles was announced by Buckingham Palace . They married in July of that year . The photograph likely was taken a year or two earlier . Bidding for the image , described by RR Auction as an "  uncommon early 10 x 8 glossy news photo of a young Diana lying in bed , " opens on January 17 and starts at $ 200 . British media reports suggest it may have come from the photo archive of the Mirror or Sunday Mirror newspaper . Diana , Princess of Wales , was fatally injured in a car accident in Paris in 1997 , a year after she and Prince Charles divorced . Their sons , Princes William and Harry , are second and third in line to the throne respectively . CNN 's Joseph Netto reported in Atlanta and Laura Smith-Spark in London .	The photograph shows Diana looking relaxed , lying next to a young man He reads next to her , leaning his book on her shoulder , a bottle of whiskey nearby It is stamped with a date two days after her engagement to Prince Charles was announced The image may have come from a newspaper archive
CNN  -- Space , it has been said , is big . Really big . But big enough for two companies that want to mine near-Earth asteroids ? A venture announced Tuesday in California hopes so . Deep Space Industries says it wants to start sending miniature scout probes , dubbed "  Fireflies , " on one-way missions to near-Earth asteroids as soon as 2015 . Larger probes , "  Dragonflies , " that will bring back 50 - to 100-pound samples from prospective targets could be on their way by 2016 , company CEO David Gump told reporters . The goal is to extract metals , water and compounds that can be used to make spacecraft fuel from the chunks of rock that float within about 50 million kilometers  31 million miles  of Earth . Gump said the ability to produce fuel in space would be a boon for NASA , as the U.S. space agency shifts its focus toward exploring deeper into the solar system . As much as 90 % of the weight of a prospective months-long Mars mission could be fuel -- and it costs between $ 5,000 and $ 10,000 per pound to put anything into space . "  If NASA can launch just the hardware and tank up in orbit , where the fuel is cheap , that means we could get to the Red Planet a lot sooner than we currently expect , " Gump said . That could also allow commercial satellite companies to extend the life of hardware that 's now written off when fuel for maneuvering thrusters runs out . "  If you give it one more month of active work in orbit , it 's worth about $ 5  million  to $ 8 million to the owner of that satellite , " Gump said . Tuesday 's announcement comes nine months after the unveiling of a similar project by Planetary Resources , a company led by space tourism pioneers Eric Anderson and Peter Diamandis . That group , backed by investors such as filmmaker James Cameron and Google executives Larry Page and Eric Schmidt , says it hopes to get its first unmanned probes into space by the end of 2013 . Since the retirement of its space shuttles , NASA has hired out supply missions to the International Space Station to the private rocket company SpaceX . It completed the first commercial flight in October and is vying for a contract for manned flights into orbit alongside Boeing and Sierra Nevada . Deep Space Industries said it can build its first class of probes largely with off-the-shelf parts and book them on other launch vehicles , such as the French-built Ariane rockets or the Falcon boosters developed by SpaceX . Executives said Tuesday they 're also developing a foundry designed to produce metal parts from nickel , an element abundant in asteroids , and operate in space , and a class of "  Harvestor " craft to extract valuable material from the asteroids . But John Mankins , the company 's chief technology officer , said its plans are based on existing technology , not "  magic . " "  You do n't see any space elevators . You do n't see antigravity . You do n't see warp drive , " said Mankins , a former NASA scientist . "  There is really nothing the business plan Deep Space Industries is using that can not be done with the technological research that has already been accomplished in laboratories across the planet . " Coronal mass ejection blasts Earth NASA landed a probe on the 20-mile-long asteroid 433 Eros in 2000 , while Japan 's space agency not only landed its Hayabusa spacecraft on the roughly 1,700-foot asteroid Itokawa in 2007 but also returned it to Earth with small samples in 2010 . Andrew Cheng , project scientist for the Eros probe NEAR-Shoemaker , said the big question facing commercial space ventures remains what it will cost to get their equipment off Earth . "  The physics are feasible . The economics is a different story , " said Cheng , who now leads space research at the Applied Physics Laboratory at Johns Hopkins University . He said he 's hopeful that ventures such as Deep Space Industries can succeed as more companies venture into space , however . "  If someone identifies a way to do something out there that makes a lot of money , and there 's a lot of traffic and a bigger market , then the cost will come down , " he said . "  It 's a bit of a chicken and egg problem . " Space is a new legal frontier as well . The 1967 Outer Space Treaty provides for "  free access to all areas of celestial bodies " by any nation , but is n't clear about commercial rights , said Henry Hertzfeld , who researches space policy at George Washington University . Until that 's cleared up , that adds risk to any business venture , he said . Cheap access to space has been "  the sort-of Holy Grail " for decades , "  and we 're not much closer to that than we were 50 years ago , " said Hertzfeld , who is also an adviser to Planetary Resources . But Deep Space Industries Chairman Rick Tumlinson , a longtime booster of private space efforts , said the company sees itself as the 21st-century version of the "  settlers and shopkeepers " who followed the Lewis and Clark expedition into the American West . "  One company may be a fluke . Two companies showing up -- that 's the beginning of an industry , " Tumlinson said . "  Space is big . There 's room for everybody , " he added .	Deep Space Industries is the second company to announce plans to mine asteroids Company hopes to launch its first probes by 2015 "  Space is big . There 's room for everybody , " chairman says Commercial space ventures face a "  chicken-and-egg problem " with costs , however
CNN  -- NASCAR 's Hall of Fame class for 2015 includes Bill Elliott , one of its most popular drivers ever , and Wendell Scott , the only African-American to win a top-level race , the auto racing sanctioning body announced Wednesday . Three other drivers -- Fred Lorenzen , Joe Weatherly and Rex White -- will be inducted at a ceremony on January 30 at the NASCAR Hall of Fame in Charlotte , North Carolina . Elliott won one Winston Cup title and 44 races in his 37-year career , including two victories at the Daytona 500 . Known as "  Awesome Bill from Dawsonville " , a reference to his Georgia hometown , Elliott won the series top circuit championship in 1988 . He was voted NASCAR 's most popular driver a record 16 times . In 1963 , Scott became the only African-American to win a race at NASCAR 's highest level , taking a 100-mile feature at Jacksonville , Florida , on December 1 . He also was the first African-American to race full time in NASCAR 's premier series , called the Grand National Series at the time . Scott made the top 10 in 30 % of the races in his 13-year Grand National career . He was portrayed in the 1977 movie "  Greased Lightning " by Richard Pryor . He died in 1990 . Lorenzen was considered one of the sport 's first superstars and won 26 races while running a part-time schedule in the 1960s and early 1970s . Weatherly was a two-time champion , in 1962 and in 1963 , when he raced for nine different teams . White was a short-track specialist in the early days of NASCAR . And since there were few super speedways , White finished in the top five about half the time . He won the 1960 championship and 28 races in his career  only twice at tracks longer than a mile  . Racing great Darrell Waltrip tweeted Wednesday : "  I totally agree with the new members of the HoF , this is a great group and I love that Wendell Scott was selected ! " The late wife of NASCAR founder Bill France Sr. , Anne Bledsoe France , will be honored with a Landmark Award . NASCAR said the 54 voters were made up of former competitors , current champion Jimmie Johnson , racing officials and media members -- and one vote from an online poll . NASCAR sanctions multiple divisions including Sprint Cup , the Nationwide series , as well as truck racing series and regional leagues . In 2013 , Darrell Wallace Jr. became the first African-American driver to win a NASCAR race since Scott , doing so with a first-place finish in the truck series .	1988 champ Bill Elliott was NASCAR 's most popular driver 16 times Wendell Scott is the only African-American to win a race in NASCAR 's top division Induction to be held January 30 in Charlotte , North Carolina
CNN  -- Dick Sebion packed his carry-on bag and his golf clubs Wednesday morning and headed to Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport , excited about his trip to the Washington , D.C. area combining business with a little pleasure . His plane arrived a few minutes early at Reagan National Airport . But instead of rushing off the aircraft to retrieve his luggage at the carousel on the lower level , Sebion met his scheduled ride and headed to Alexandria for a meeting with the Marine Corps Scholarship Foundation , which hands out college scholarships to children of Marine and Navy Corpsmen killed in action . He left his golf clubs behind at the airport ... on purpose . Sebion , 62 , is taking part in a new service for passengers who travel on American Airlines . Luggage that does n't fit into an overhead compartment or beneath a seat can be picked up after passengers land and delivered wherever they want for a fee . Alaska Airlines : Note on wing ` not the best approach ' At a time when airlines are charging customers for seemingly everything from preferred seats to food , it was just a matter of time before the industry started a delivery service . Now luggage-checking passengers on American Airlines can do what the carry-on travelers do . They can get off a plane without stopping or trying to figure out which black suitcase is theirs in the baggage claim area . "  I thought I 'd give it a try , " said Sebion , who scheduled a noon tee time at the Army Navy Country Club in Virginia . "  It 's ideal for my scenario . I have to go to a meeting . I do n't want to lug the clubs with me . " Two hours later , Sebion was reunited with his golf clubs at the country club located about 10 miles away . The service , run by BAGS Inc. , is offered at about 200 airports around the country . Other airlines are expected to follow . In addition to the normal baggage fees , it will cost a passenger $ 29.95 to have one bag delivered , $ 39.95 for two bags and $ 49.95 for three to 10 bags . Travelers have the option to purchase this service on AA.com up to two hours prior to the scheduled departure time . A special indicator will be printed on the bag tags to help the delivery representatives identify the luggage once it arrives at the destination airport . Airline amenities : 8 bright spots American Airlines says it will deliver the luggage at a passenger 's designated address within four hours and 40 miles of the airport . The airline will charge an extra $ 1 per mile for delivery locations between 41 to 100 miles away . Customers can waive a signature requirement so they do n't have to be present when the bags are delivered . If a flight is canceled or diverted , the order will be canceled at no cost . Customers can cancel an order up to 24 hours in advance of arrival time but be subject to a $ 15 cancellation fee . The baggage delivery service is available for flights originating from U.S. domestic airports with some international exceptions . BAGS Inc. decided to start the new service after it noticed airlines were getting better at , well , not losing luggage . The company had already partnered with most of the major U.S. airlines to deliver luggage lost or sent to the wrong destination . BAGS Inc. developed the service as another source of revenue , according to Chief Operating Officer Scott Fasano . In the United States , reports of lost luggage have dropped by one-third over the last 10 years , according to the Bureau of Transportation Statistics . CNN 's Todd Sperry contributed to this report	BAGS Inc. will deliver your luggage for a fee American Airlines is offering the company 's services to fliers The program is available at 200 airports The service is available for flights originating from U.S. domestic airports , with some international exceptions
CNN  -- Shanghai may be a target for many luxury brands but Chanel , famous for its simple and elegant designs , is keeping its footprint on the city light . Founded by Garbrielle "  Coco " Chanel in 1909 , the fashion house redefined outfits for women with its timeless outfits . Today the French label house is recognized as a pioneer of tailored and ready-to-wear collections . But it has been careful not to overwhelm markets , choosing instead to focus on brand exclusivity . Chanel 's president of fashion , Bruno Pavlovsky , said such exclusivity is the best way to ensure customers keep coming back for more . Chanel has opened just three boutiques in Shanghai -- one of the world 's most populous cities . Pavlovsky told CNN : "  We try to get the best three boutiques in Shanghai instead of having 10 boutiques . " That , he said , is the "  number one " priority . "  We try to bring through the boutiques the best value of the brand ... our idea is not to open lots of boutiques but be able to give , through the existing one , the best value and the best service to our customers . " China -- with a population of approximately 1.3 billion people -- is a focus for luxury brands due to its expanding middle classes . Its growth comes as consumer spending in Europe and the U.S. dwindles . Pavlovsky said customers in China are "  experts of the fashion world , they know everything , every detail and at the end of the day what they want is the same product that we are selling here in Paris or London . " The company remains privately held and Pavlovsky says the absence of shareholders eases the pressure on Chanel . "  It gives us the possibility to put more focus on the company 20 years from now ... and even increase the attractiveness to our consumers , " he said . CNN 's Oliver Joy contributed to this report .	Founded by Garbrielle "  Coco " Chanel in 1909 , today the French fashion house is a global brand Luxury good brands are looking to take advantage of an expanding middle class in China But Chanel has kept its footprint in Shanghai , one of the world 's most populous cities , light It has opened just three boutiques to keep brand exclusivity
CNN  -- The nine young North Koreans thought they were near the end of their long and dangerous journey toward freedom . Their years-long odyssey had taken them thousands of miles , from North Korea , one of the world 's most repressive states , to Laos , a small , landlocked nation in Southeast Asia . From there , they just needed to cross the border into Thailand and find their way to South Korean diplomats who would be able to offer them citizenship and a new life . Orphaned and homeless : Surviving the streets of North Korea But something went wrong in Laos . They were detained by the authorities . And rather than transferring the group of young refugees to South Korean officials , as the people engineering their escape were anticipating , the Laotian government this week did something unexpected . It gave them back to North Korea . "  This is a horrible , horrible thing that has happened , " said Suzanne Scholte , the president of the Defense Forum Foundation , a U.S.-based nonprofit group that was involved in the effort to get the young North Koreans to safety . Analysis : North Korea diplomacy effort grows , but sides are still far apart The United Nations ' refugee agency , UNHCR , says Laos deported the group of North Koreans to China on Monday . And Scholte said Friday that she believes they have already been flown back to North Korea , where she fears they could face torture or even death . Human rights advocates and UNHCR have criticized the decision by Laos to deport the refugees , who are between 15 and 23 years old , noting that international law gives people the right not to be forced to return to places where they face persecution . Thousands of North Koreans have fled their country 's Stalinist regime since the Korean War in the 1950s and settled in South Korea , which offers them citizenship . Most of them make their way there through China and Southeast Asia . Plucked from the streets Until they were detained by Laotian authorities earlier this month , it appears the group of young North Koreans traced a path similar to that of many other refugees . Years ago , they slipped through the authoritarian grip of their homeland and crossed the border into China , most likely with their various parents . Opinion : What North Korea could learn from Myanmar Scholte said that in China , one or way another , they all ended up fending for themselves on the streets , eating out of trash bins and dodging North Korean agents . She said she did n't know whether their parents had abandoned them , died or been detained and sent back to North Korea . They were plucked from that precarious existence by a South Korean man and his wife who were living in China , Scholte said , referring to the man only by the name of "  M.J. " to protect his identity . Read more : Why the Korean War still matters M.J. and his wife took in a total of 15 young North Koreans , giving them food , shelter and protection for more than four years . To avoid getting caught , the youngsters had to remain inside at all times . "  You could liken it to a Jewish family trying to hide from the Nazis , " Scholte said . "  They had to be invisible . " China does n't treat North Koreans in its territory as refugees and usually sends them back across the border . Difficult journeys In 2011 , the Defense Forum Foundation began working with M.J. and his wife to try get the group of North Koreans out of China to South Korea or the United States . They managed to get the three oldest North Koreans to safety in South Korea via Thailand , Scholte said . Next , they succeeded in organizing the escape of the two youngest children and one with learning difficulties to the United States . Analysis : What 's Kim Jong Un up to ? Nine others remained in China . M.J. and his wife accompanied them on the quest to reach South Korea via Laos and Thailand . They reportedly entered Laos around May 10 and were detained soon after that . At the time , Laotian authorities assured M.J. and his wife , who were not being held , that there was nothing to worry about , Scholte said . "  We had no reason to believe that the Laotians were going to cut some deal with North Korea , " she said , noting that she had helped to get four other North Koreans to the United States from Laos in 2009 . But on Monday , she said , M.J. received word that the group of refugees was being taken to the North Korean Embassy . By then , it was too late to save them . "  When I got the call , I was in shock , " Scholte said . An ` alarming case ' Other organizations also were surprised by the development . Laos has been one of the main routes to a safe country for North Korean defectors , according to Eun Young Kim , a senior program officer with the Citizen 's Alliance for North Korean Human Rights , a nongovernmental organization based in Seoul . "  We never officially experienced the Laotian government actually cooperating with the North Korean government and sending them back to North Korea , " she said . "  This is a very surprising , alarming case , especially the fact that the North Korean government got involved . " Read more : Escaping from N. Korean gulag It was unclear what prompted the decision by Laos to give the refugees to the North Koreans . Laotian government officials in the country 's capital , Vientiane , declined to provide official comment on the matter when contacted by CNN on Friday . But Khantivong Somlith , an official at the Laotian Embassy in Seoul , said that the refugees had been handed over to North Korea because they did n't have visas and were therefore in Laos illegally . "  We know they are Koreans , that 's why they were sent back to the North Korean Embassy , " he said . "  That 's the rule . " He said he did n't know where the refugees are now . Controversy in South Korea South Korean officials have been criticized in their country 's news media as having failed to act quickly and decisively enough to get the North Koreans out of Laos after their detention . But Scholte said that all those involved in the attempt to recover the refugees had "  underestimated " the North Koreans ' determination to get hold of them . She noted the efforts of South Korea in previous successful operations to rescue North Koreans . "  We have n't seen this before , " she said . Interactive : Who 's in range of North Korean missiles ? The South Korean government has declined to discuss the specifics of this case . "  We 've expressed our government 's position to the relevant nation and we have also consulted on future measures , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Cho Tai-young said in a news briefing Thursday . After reaching a peak of nearly 3,000 in 2009 , the number of North Koreans arriving in South Korea dropped to just above 1,500 in 2012 , according to the South Korean Unification Ministry . Concerns over safety International organizations , meanwhile , are raising concerns about what fate awaits the deported refugees . "  North Korea has to come clean on where these nine refugees are and publicly guarantee that they will not be harmed or retaliated against for having fled the country , " said Phil Robertson , deputy Asia director of the advocacy group Human Rights Watch . "  As a result of their return they are at dire risk -- North Korea criminalizes unauthorized departures and is known to torture those caught trying to escape and those sent back . " U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres expressed deep concern "  about the safety and fundamental human rights of these individuals if they are returned " to North Korea . M.J. and his wife , herself a former North Korean refugee , are now back in South Korea and remain very upset about what happened , Scholte says . "  This is a couple that was willing to risk their own life and safety to shelter these children , " she said . CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Brian Walker and Madison Park in Hong Kong , K.J. Kwon in Seoul , Kocha Olarn in Bangkok and C.Y. Xu in Beijing contributed to this report .	Nine young North Korean refugees were detained in Laos this month Laos takes the unusual step of handing them back to North Korean officials The head of a U.S. group helping the refugees calls it "  a horrible , horrible thing " Repatriated North Koreans can face torture , Human Rights Watch says
