ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani authorities have arrested two top leaders of the Islamic militant group India blames for the November massacre in Mumbai , Pakistan 's prime minister confirmed Wednesday . Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said Pakistani security forces had rounded up a number of militant figures . The top military officer in the U.S. on Wednesday said he is "  encouraged " by Pakistan 's recent arrests of "  significant players " in the Mumbai attacks . U.S. Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen said the arrests amount to "  first steps " toward determining who plotted the three day siege last month that killed 160 people in Mumbai , India 's financial capital . "  There are more steps to follow , " he noted . He also thanked India for showing restraint against Pakistan , which it has accused of harboring the terrorist groups behind the November massacre . Zarar Shah , a top operational commander of Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , and Zakir Rehman Lakhvi , whose arrest had been reported Tuesday , were among the militant figures rounded up in recent days , Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani told reporters . Gilani would not confirm the detention of Masood Azhar , the leader of another militant group , Jaish-e-Muhammad . But he said his government has launched its own investigation into India 's allegations that the gunmen who killed more than 160 people in Mumbai had links to Pakistan . The acknowledgment came three days after Pakistani security forces raided an LeT camp near Muzaffarabad , the capital of Pakistani-controlled Kashmir , in the first sign of government action against Lashkar-e-Tayyiba since the three-day siege of India 's financial capital . Both LeT and Jaish-e-Muhammad were formed to battle Indian rule in the divided Himalayan territory of Kashmir , and both were banned after a 2001 attack on the Indian parliament that brought the South Asian nuclear rivals to the brink of war . The United States has listed LeT as a terrorist group with ties to Osama bin Laden 's al Qaeda network . According to the U.S. government , Lakhvi , 47 , has directed LeT 's military operations in southeast Asia , Chechnya , Bosnia and Iraq . Pakistan 's Defense Minister Choudhry Mukhtar Ahmed told CNN 's sister network in India , CNN-IBN , that Lakhvi and Azhar had been arrested on Monday . Azhar has been in Pakistan since 1999 , when he was released from an Indian prison in exchange for hostages aboard a hijacked Indian airliner . Indian authorities say the sole surviving gunman in the Mumbai attacks told investigators that he was trained at an LeT camp near Muzaffarabad , along with the nine other attackers who were killed in the three-day siege . A Pakistani security official said the terror raids on banned militant groups are ongoing and have resulted in at least 15 arrests .	NEW : Top U.S. military officer encouraged by terror arrests Pakistan arrests militant leaders blamed by India for Mumbai terror attacks Zarar Shah , top commander of Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , among those held Blamed militant groups were formed to oppose Indian rule in divided Kashmir
Moscow  CNN  Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov was shot and killed Friday night in central Moscow , the Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation said in a statement Saturday , prompting immediate speculation from fellow opposition figures that the killing was targeted . A deputy prime minister in the late 1990s under President Boris Yeltsin , Nemtsov had been one of current President Vladimir Putin 's most vocal critics . Putin quickly condemned the killing of Nemtsov and expressed his condolences to his family , the Kremlin said . Putin also ordered three law enforcement agencies to put together a task force to investigate the shooting , Russian news agency Itar-Tass reported . A criminal case has been opened for murder and weapons trafficking , the investigative committee said . Nemtsov was a top official with the Republican Party of Russia/Party of People 's Freedom , a liberal opposition group . He had most recently been critical of the Kremlin 's handling of the Ukraine crisis . Opposition leader Ilya Yashin said his friend had been working on a report about Russian troops and their involvement in Ukraine . Nemtsov 's death comes two days before a large opposition rally was set to take place in Moscow . Nemtsov had earlier Friday done a radio interview putting out the call to people to turn out for the rally Sunday . After his death , party leaders decided to hold a mourning march in downtown Moscow , Itar-Tass reported . Nemtsov was walking with a female friend just before midnight across a bridge that can be seen from the Kremlin , when a car pulled up and someone opened fire . The area in the center city is normally busy on a Friday night , though the weather was cold and wet . Investigators were talking with his companion , a friend from Ukraine who was n't wounded , early Saturday . A CNN crew also observed white cars being pulled over by authorities near the scene of the shooting . Putin said he suspected it was a contract hit meant to cause political discord , according to the President 's spokesman , Dmitry Peskov . A man like Nemtsov had many enemies , experts said . Nemtsov , 55 , had been arrested several times in the past for speaking against Putin 's government . The most recent arrests were in 2011 when he protested the results of parliamentary elections and in 2012 when tens of thousands protested against Putin . In a restaurant interview with CNN 's Anthony Bourdain last year he lamented the situation for business owners . "  This is a country of corruption . And if you have business , you are in a very unsafe situation . Everybody can press you and destroy your business . That 's it , " Nemtsov said . In the same interview , he did offer a bit of optimism . "  This is my country . The Russian people are in bit of trouble . Russian court does n't work . Russian education decline every year . I believe that Russia has a chance to be free . Has a chance . It 's difficult , but we must do it , " he said . Nemtsov was also a vocal critic of the 2014 Winter Olympics held in Sochi . He published a report in 2013 describing the Sochi games as one of the most "  outrageous swindles " in recent Russian history . He claimed that up to 60 % of the final cost -- or $ 30 billion -- had been embezzled . World chess champion-turned opposition activist Garry Kasparov tweeted extensively about Nemtsov 's death . "  When we argued , Boris would tell me I was too hasty , that in Russia you had to live a long time to see change . Now he 'll never see it . RIP , " he wrote in one . Nemtsov 's lawyer Vadim Prokhorov told Russian media that Nemtsov 's life had been threatened on social media in recent weeks . But he did n't walk around with bodyguards , noted Julia Ioffe , a contributing writer to The New York Times Magazine who has covered Russian politics extensively . "  It was a very overt message of bravery , " Ioffe told CNN 's "  AC360 . " "  What we 've seen in return is a very overt message of fear . People in the opposition will not believe anything that comes out of the Kremlin in terms of who did this . They perceive this as a message directly sent to them . When you see Boris Nemtsov 's body lying with the Kremlin as a backdrop , they understand that 's a message directed to them . " Critics like Yashin and Kasparov pointed fingers in the direction of Putin or a supporter of the Russian President . "  It 's clearly a political murder . It 's definitely a contract one , " Yashin said . "  I do n't know who killed Boris , but I know that it 's the government and personally Putin who are responsible for it . They 've been constantly promoting a hatred towards everyone who does n't support their course and thinks different . " It 's something even Nemtsov himself had said he had thought about , acknowledging in an interview with Russian newspaper Sobesednik this month that he was "  a little bit " afraid his mother 's fears Putin would have him killed would come true . But , he added , "  I 'm not afraid of him that much . If I was afraid I would n't be heading an opposition party and do what I 'm doing . " Kasparov said the Russian President is to blame even if not directly involved . "  If Putin gave order to murder Boris Nemtsov is not the point . It is Putin 's dictatorship . His 24/7 propaganda about enemies of the state , " Kasparov tweeted . "  In Putin 's atmosphere of hatred & violence , abroad & in Russia , bloodshed is the prerequisite to show loyalty , that you are on the team , " he added . Critics of Putin have in the past suffered miserable circumstances and demises . Last year , a Moscow court sentenced five men to prison for the 2006 killing of Russian journalist and fierce Kremlin critic Anna Politkovskaya . Oligarch Mikhail Khodorkovsky accused Putin of corruption and wound up spending 10 years in prison and labor camps . Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko accused state security services of organizing a coup to put Putin in power . He was poisoned by a lethal dose of radioactive polonium and died in London in 2006 . No killer has been caught . "  It 's the latest in a series of high-profile killings of people who have been critics of authorities in Russia over the last few years , " said Peter Baker , the author of "  Kremlin Rising . "  We do n't know yet , of course , who did this or why , but it will certainly send a terrible message to people who are fighting this cause Nemtsov has been fighting . " But Baker also said there might not be a political connection to the killing . "  In Russia there 's always multiple layers , things we do n't see , " he said . "  You ca n't rule out  a reason we do n't know about  . " Even if it was n't a political hit , it will still have strong political ramifications , he added . U.S. President Barack Obama called for an impartial investigation and praised the deceased leader . "  Nemtsov was a tireless advocate for his country , seeking for his fellow Russian citizens the rights to which all people are entitled . I admired Nemtsov 's courageous dedication to the struggle against corruption in Russia and appreciated his willingness to share his candid views with me when we met in Moscow in 2009 , " Obama said in a written statement from the White House . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said Saturday "  it is hard to believe " that Nemtsov was killed . "  I have no doubt that the murderers will be brought to justice . Sooner or later . Rest in peace , " Poroshenko said via Twitter . Baker , who also is a New York Times reporter , told CNN that Nemtsov used to be powerful but had been marginalized since Putin was elected . "  He was a person who had been fierce in his criticism of Putin . He 'd clearly gotten under Putin 's skin on a number of occasions . A number of people had become his enemies , " Baker said . "  There 's a culture of suspicion and conspiracy in Russia , so even if in fact this had nothing to do with authority , nothing to do with a power element , a good number of people in Russia and around the world will find this suspicious . " Baker said Nemtsov tried to work with Putin 's regime at first but soon switched to the opposition . "  History will remember him as someone who took chances , who risked his life literally to speak out in a country where speaking out is not encouraged , to say he least , " Baker said . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen and Alla Eshchenko reported from Moscow . CNN 's Steve Almasy wrote and reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Gena Somra , Ralph Ellis , Alla Eshchenko and Jo Shelley contributed to this report .	A mourning march will be held Sunday in place of a planned opposition rally , Russian media reports Opposition leader was shot while walking on bridge near Kremlin , authorities say Boris Nemtsov criticized elections , Olympics , Putin , Kremlin 's Ukraine policies
A report made public Thursday on events surrounding the deadly shooting spree at Fort Hood , Texas , in 2009 provides new details on the failure of anti-terrorism officials to act on e-mail traffic between Maj. Nidal Hasan and major terrorist figure Anwar al-Awlaki . The 173-page report by William Webster , a former FBI and CIA director , describes FBI policies and procedures that failed to prevent the shooting spree . Hasan is charged with 13 counts of premeditated murder and 32 counts of attempted premeditated murder . Read the full report The FBI and Defense Department were stunned by the shootings , and FBI Director Robert Mueller ordered a detailed review by the Webster commission , which Mueller appointed . According to the commission 's report , in a May 31 , 2009 , e-mail from Hasan to al-Awlaki 's website , Hasan discussed his views on suicide bombings . E-mail details : Hasan sought guidance on Islam , dating "  I would assume that a suicide bomber whose aim is to kill enemy soldiers or their helpers but also kill innocents in the process is acceptable . " Less than six months later , officials say , Hasan jumped on a desk at Fort Hood , armed with two pistols , and began firing as he yelled "  Allahu Akbar , " Arabic for "  God is great . " There were 18 e-mail messages between Hasan and al-Awlaki between December 2008 and June 2009 , the report said . A Joint Terrorism Task Force in San Diego that was investigating al-Awlaki passed two of the messages on to another task force in the Washington , D.C. , area , where Hasan was living . Opinion : A tribute to Fort Hood 's fallen The report said the e-mails between Hasan and al-Awlaki should have been passed by the FBI in the Washington Field Office to the Defense Department bosses for whom Hasan worked . But the FBI saw no evidence of terrorist activities in his case , and believed the information in the e-mails was too sensitive to share because visiting extremist websites is not grounds for taking action . Remembering the victims The report also said there was no clear system in place to determine which office would follow up on a particular lead and to make sure leads would be followed in a timely manner . In a statement Thursday , the FBI acknowledged "  shortcomings in FBI policy guidance , technology , information review protocols and training . " The FBI said it had reviewed 18 recommendations in the report and "  has already taken action to implement them . " Sen. Joe Lieberman , I-Connecticut , said the report confirms many of the findings of his committee 's earlier review . He said he is pleased "  for the first time the report declassifies the communications between Hasan and Anwar al-Awlaki so that all Ameriicans , especially the families of the victims , can understand Hasan 's radicalization and the full scale of the tragedy for which he is responsible . " Lieberman added , "  We are concerned that the report fails to address the specific cause for the Fort Hood attack , which is violent Islamist extremism " Hasan is scheduled to be tried in a military court in Texas . Al-Awlaki was killed in a targeted U.S. drone attack in Yemen last year . Opinion : Political correctness and Ft. Hood killings 2009 : Could Fort Hood have been avoided Video : Fort Hood victim recovers	Report says Nidal Hasan wrote numerous e-mails to Anwar al-Awlaki Messages were not passed on to proper authorities , report says Hasan is accused of killing 13 , wounding 32 in Fort Hood shooting
CNN  -- Finery and high fashion have long been synonymous with the Royal Ascot race meeting , and this year patrons are being scrutinized to a level which is almost unparalleled in the world of sport . Ascot takes fashion so seriously there are even dress code administrators on hand to assess the thousands of people who descend upon the Berkshire venue , with a strict list of dos and do n'ts issued to prevent standards slipping . The Royal Enclosure , where Queen Elizabeth II watches all five days of the meeting , is where the most stringent regulations are enforced -- including a ban on the ever-popular fascinator . No fairytale ending for Queen and Carlton House To ensure fashion decorum , Royal Ascot 's organizers have gone as far as to publish style guides for race goers who will be mingling with British high society at one of the social calendar 's most prestigious events . With all eyes fixed on female visitors during Thursday 's Ladies ' Day , the women 's checklist for the Royal Enclosure is detailed . All dresses must be of "  modest " length -- defined as "  falling just above the knee or longer . " Shorts are a no-no , as are shoulderless dresses . Women are permitted to wear pants , providing the color and material of them matches what is on display above the waistline . The dress code administrators will also be on hand to offer pashminas to any woman who may have misunderstood the regulations . If you are belly dancer it is probably best to give Ascot a wide berth as midriffs must be covered at all times . And if you like to attend sporting events in fancy dress forget it -- pantomime horses are banned . For the gentlemen who enter Royal Ascot 's inner sanctum , black or gray morning wear is de rigueur -- shoes , a waistcoat and tie and , of course , a top hat . In the more relaxed grandstand , a suit will ease you past the fashion police . However , if you thought dusting off your cravat for a day at the races was acceptable think again -- such neckwear is strictly verboten . Unbeaten Frankel cruises to Ascot success "  Horse racing 's roots as the ` sport of kings ' obviously suggest a pleasure pastime for the elite , " Willie Walters , the fashion course director at London 's Central Saint Martins college of art and design , told CNN . "  In the past this would have been , depending on the monarch , an opportunity for either ostentatious displays or relatively tasteful , yet expensive , modesty . "  The code would denote respect for the monarchy , particularly when they were actually present . " The dress code also helps to define the class superiority of the crowd and keep out the great unwashed . "  Any prestigious occasion will have a code to reflect the status of the racegoers regardless of which country it is held , " said Walters . "  All codes are aimed at excluding someone . Our dress is a key signifier of class or our clan , very much so in the UK . " Walters also argued Royal Ascot 's 2012 dress code could be a not-so-subtle hint aimed at encouraging certain punters to cover up . "  I do n't think that the wish here is to exclude them but to oblige them to cover up by setting strict parameters , " he said . "  However the fun of strict rules is seeing how far you can bend them -- anyone who ever wore a school uniform can tell you that ! "	Royal Ascot 2012 has a strict dress code which race goers must follow Dress code administrators will be on hand to make sure standards are maintained The Berkshire venue 's Royal Enclosure has the strictest dress code Ascot racecourse was founded by Queen Anne in 1711
Mashable  -- The rumor that Facebook will suddenly start charging users to access the site has become one of the social media era 's perennial chain letters . While Facebook prominently advertises that its service is "  free and always will be " on its homepage , it has n't stopped false rumors of a pay scheme from going viral on numerous occasions , most recently in conjunction with the major profile redesign that the site announced earlier this month . Given the ubiquity of these rumors , we thought it was worth exploring their origin -- and why we can guarantee Facebook will never charge you to use its service . A long history Chain letters -- which date back to the days of snail mail -- have dogged nearly every online service that achieved critical mass . While they vary in the details , the general premise is that something negative will happen to your account unless you spread the message to your friends . On AIM , this took the form of IMs that needed to be shared with friends to avoid account deletion . On Friendster , rumors spread that the service was getting "  too crowded " -- and hence , they needed to determine which accounts were active and remove those that were n't . On MySpace , word was that the service was getting so popular that the site would soon start charging members , and the only way to avoid the fees was to -- you guessed it -- forward the message to your friends . Of course , none of these situations ever actually materialized , but it did n't stop millions of users from passing the message along . Snopes has a detailed overview of these scams and others that have permeated the web over the years , going all the way back to the early days of Hotmail . Facebook 's business model The recent round of Facebook rumors suggest that the site will start charging for membership as a result of the upcoming new profiles . The new Facebook does indeed feature some dramatic changes , but you can rest assured that one of them is n't that the site will start charging you . Here 's why : For starters , it does n't need the money . Facebook is estimated to be on track to pull in around $ 4 billion in revenue in 2011 , and has raised more than $ 2 billion in venture capital . It 's also on track to go public in 2012 , a move that would bring in significantly more capital for the company and value it at between $ 80 billion and $ 100 billion . More importantly , the company 's business model revolves around having as many users as possible . Remaining free is paramount to doing that . Facebook makes its money on highly targeted advertising that 's based on the plethora of data that its members share on the site . Restricting users ' ability to use the site would actually be detrimental to that model . Facebook did n't even introduce its ad platform until 2007 -- because the company wanted to focus on adding users as quickly as possible . That 's not to say social networking sites have n't found success in charging members for some services . LinkedIn offers premium memberships with features such as enhanced search , direct messaging and seeing who has viewed your profile . Some dating sites , like Match.com and eHarmony charge users to message each other . Still , those services are appealing to a specific audience -- Facebook 's goal is to connect everyone in the world . That ca n't be done if you need a credit card to use the service . Why it will never charge you Of course , Facebook is in business to make money . Beyond advertising , it has found ways to profit directly from its users through Facebook Credits , a form of currency that can be used on the site in social games like FarmVille and Mafia Wars . In the future , we expect Facebook to find additional ways to monetize . The company could grow its credit system to become a rival to PayPal . We could also see Facebook extending its ad platform beyond the social network itself and onto the wider Web -- in order to compete with Google 's AdSense . There 's also potential in e-commerce . Although Facebook 's Deals product fell flat , an increasing number of merchants are starting to sell their wares directly on the social networking site . Might Facebook one day provide its own tools for powering such activity ? It 's certainly possible . The one thing that all of these models have in common is that they need a critical mass of users to be successful . Facebook has that , and would never risk losing it by charging people for basic access to the tools that make its multi-billion dollar business work . See the original story on Mashable.com © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	False rumors of a Facebook pay scheme have gone viral on numerous occasions Facebook makes its money not from users but from highly targeted advertising It does n't need the money ; Facebook is estimated to earn some $ 4 billion in 2011
CNN  -- My son has recently been released from active reserve duty in the Israel Defense Forces in Gaza , and the two sides are again talking about a serious ceasefire . I am relieved to have my son back and to see that we are talking instead of shooting , and pray that this latest round of negotiations succeeds in bringing us stability and progress towards peace . The recent violence has left many dead and wounded , homeless and traumatized on both sides , as well as terrible destruction . Worst of all , it has overwhelmed many of us with a sense of hopelessness regarding the prospects for peace here . Both the Hamas leadership and the Israeli government have chosen conflict over real peace negotiations again and again in the past . They are apparently only able to haggle over ceasefire deals between rounds of fighting . The lead-up to the outbreak of hostilities included the wave of mutual hatred and fear that swept the Jewish and Palestinian populations in the wake of the kidnapping and murder of three young Israeli teenagers in the Etzion Bloc and the revenge murder of a Palestinian youth in Shuafat , followed by Israeli mass arrests of Hamas operatives in the West Bank , and the arrest of three Jewish extremists in the Jerusalem region . Israel had also signaled its disapproval of the recently established Fatah-Hamas unity government by exacerbating its blockade of Gaza , punishing 1.8 million Gazans . Hamas responded by unilaterally opening fire and shooting hundreds of missiles at Israeli population centers . The rest is well known -- Operation Protective Edge with the destruction and death you have seen on TV screen and other media . If not for the Iron Dome anti-missile batteries  an Israeli invention with U.S. investment  protecting those cities , the destruction and deaths on the Israeli side would have been much greater . We Israelis on the whole supported this action , though there were some protests from the radical left and Arab citizens . The internal arguments regarding  frozen  negotiations with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and the future of the settlements were set aside as the country was mobilized to support the armed forces in what was seen as an act of defense against the rocket fire . A week later , with the onset of the ground offensive , the destruction of the many tunnels dug into our territory for purposes of kidnapping and terrorist killings became the focus of popular support for the IDF . My son , an infantry soldier in reserves , was called up to protect his people , as I have had to do in the past , and as my father did in Poland when fighting the Germans as a partisan . On the other hand , few Israelis questioned the means by which we deal with these threats or whether the path to this bloodshed was indeed unavoidable . Fewer Israelis wanted to hear criticism of the rising numbers of uninvolved Palestinian dead and wounded from the IDF 's actions . Those of us in the human rights community who asked questions about this , however carefully and hesitantly , were vilified as unpatriotic or even as traitors , and some activists were physically attacked . Faced with these reactions , I fear for Israeli democracy and the moral fiber of the country . When faced with a struggle with a hate-fueled terrorist organization like Hamas , which has no compunction in breaking even humanitarian ceasefire agreements  they broke five or six  , and which uses its own civilian population for cover , it is understandable that Israeli nerves might be frayed . The strength of my country and my people through history has always been its ability to debate , be self-critical , and respect differences of opinion . There is certainly no prospect for peace here in Israel if the extremists within the present government have their way . If the Palestinians , on the other hand , are able to change direction and reject the ways of Hamas as uncompromising haters of Israel 's very existence , they would strengthen the hand of the many Israelis who continue to dream and strive for peace . Some of us see that as a religious commandment -- as Hillel the elder said  Sayings of the Fathers , chapt . 1 , Mishna 12 , Talmud  , one should pursue peace as did Aharon the high priest : "  Strive for peace and pursue it " .  Psalms , 34,15 After shaky start , cease-fire extension appears to hold Is Mideast peace as far away as ever ?	Yehiel Grenimann is based in Jerusalem and works with Rabbis for Human Rights Grenimann says Hamas , Tel Aviv have repeatedly chosen conflict over real negotiations There is no prospect for peace if extremists in the government have their way , he says Palestinians also need to reject the ways of Hamas as haters of Israel , Grenimann says
CNN  Al Qaeda militants freed six of their fighters from a southern Yemeni prison during an attack on the facility Friday , just one day after the group took over a military camp in the same province , security officials said . These attacks by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , which has long clashed with Yemen 's military , happened in the Arab nation 's Shabwa province , more than 100 miles to the east of the capital , which has been in political strife for weeks after minority Houthi rebels took over . Also Friday , at least three more nations announced they were temporarily closing their embassies in the Yemeni capital of Sanaa because of deteriorating security conditions , including neighboring Saudi Arabia . Three of the six militants freed in Friday 's prison attack in Shabwa had been sentenced to death , provincial security officials said . Information about casualties , and details about how the attack transpired , were n't immediately available . A day earlier , AQAP took over a military camp at the Sabwa town of Baihan , about 110 miles east of Sanaa , after two hours of clashes with government troops , three local security officials said . This gave AQAP control of all of the camp 's weaponry , the officials said . Before the clashes ended , the camp 's commander called on tribal fighters to intervene . When those fighters arrived , a ceasefire was called so that the tribal fighters could help evacuate Yemeni troops -- including dozens of injured -- from the camp , a tribal leader said . Saudi Arabia , Germany and Italy said Friday they were suspending their embassy operations in Sanaa -- joining the United States and other nations that made similar moves earlier in the week . Saudi Arabia evacuated its staff because of deteriorating security conditions following a recent takeover of the Yemeni capital by Houthi rebels , the Saudi Foreign Ministry and two Yemeni Foreign Ministry officials said . One of the Yemeni officials said the Saudi evacuations happened Thursday . German Embassy officials left Yemen on Friday morning , Germany 's Foreign Ministry said on Twitter . Italy 's decision follows "  recent events in the country and the progressively deteriorating security conditions , " a post by Italy 's Foreign Ministry reads . The United States , along with Britain and France , said this week that they moved staffers out of their embassies because of instability in Yemen , after Houthi rebels seized control of key government facilities , dissolved parliament and placed President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi under house arrest last month . The Houthis -- Shiite Muslims who have long felt marginalized in the majority Sunni Muslim country -- are now the preeminent power in Sanaa . But different groups there have resisted the Houthis ' attempted takeover of national government institutions , particularly in the south , where there 's a long-running secessionist movement . AQAP , a Sunni Muslim terror group , vowed to attack Houthi loyalists nationwide last year . The United States has had a long relationship with Yemen 's leaders , working with them to target AQAP militants . It 's not clear what the Houthis ' takeover of Sanaa means for U.S. anti-terrorism efforts , but the drone program there still appears to be active . A U , S. drone strike killed senior AQAP cleric Harith bin Ghazi al-Nadhari and three other people in Shabwa province on January 31 . CNN 's Alexander Felton and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Three of six freed AQAP prisoners were facing death penalty Saudi Arabia , Germany and Italy join the U.S. and other nations in suspending embassy operations in Yemen The moves come after Houthi rebels took control of Yemen 's capital
CNN  -- Fluminense-playmaker Dario Conca has been named Brazil 's player of the year for the second consecutive season , after he helped the Rio de Janeiro-based side to their first domestic title in 26 years . Argentine Conca created 18 goals over the course of the season , more than any other player in the league , and played a leading role as the club secured only its second Brazilian championship . A goal from striker Emerson was enough to give O Tricolor a 1-0 victory over relegated Guarani on Sunday , and ensure Muricy Ramalho 's team finished the season top of the standings . Ramalho has now won the league in four of the last five seasons , after he won a trio of titles in a spell with Sao Paulo between 2006 and 2009 . Conca , who has never been capped by Argentina , expressed his determination to build on this season 's title triumph . "  I 'm pleased to be considered a fans ' favorite at Fluminense and I hope to win a lot of titles here , " the 27-year-old told the official FIFA website . The midfielder also stated he has enjoyed playing for the club and hopes to represent Fluminense for the rest of his career . "  I 've had the support of the fans , the squad and the coaching staff . I feel really at home at Fluminense and I 'm treated so well here . If it were up to me , I 'd finish my career here . " Turning his attention to the international scene , Conca revealed he hopes his achievements in Brazil will catch the eye of Argentina coach Sergio Batista . "  I dream of playing for my country 's national team , it would be a huge honor . I left Argentina at a very young age and that makes things a bit trickier . "  But I 'm still very optimistic and I 'm hoping that Fluminense 's good campaign this year will boost my chances . "	Dario Conca has been named Brazil 's player of the year for a second consecutive year Conca played an integral role in Fluminense 's Brazilian championship success It was the Rio de Janeiro club 's first league title for 26 years
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- As voting was taking place in the German general election Sunday , attention was already turning to what coalition will rule the country . Social Democrats handing out flowers hope their party will stay in the ruling coalition . Few doubt that Angela Merkel 's Christian Democratic Union , CDU , will win most votes . So , will Merkel continue the current center right-center left "  grand coalition " with the Social Democrats or will the votes suffice for a coalition with the business liberal but centrist Liberal Democrats or the FDP , a constellation Germans refer to as "  Black-Yellow . " At a press conference ostensibly to outline Germany 's position at this week 's G-20 summit Merkel apparently let the cat out of the bag . "  We are in a time of crisis , " she said , "  and I believe we can pull out of the crisis faster with a Black-Yellow government . " But some political analysts believe she would prefer to keep the Social Democrats as the junior coalition partner . Polls indicate the CDU and FDP could gain a razor thin majority to form a governing coalition . Recent polls put their combined tally at around 48 percent . That is not exactly a large majority , but it 's two percent more than the left of center parties , the Social Democrats , the Green Party , and the left wing "  Die Linke , " who would reach about 46 percent if polls are accurate . The Liberal Democrats have been in opposition since 1998 and at a rally in Berlin , their leader Guido Westerwelle was sure his time has come . "  I think the voters wo n't allow a coalition of the left to be in power . I think they want a conservative government and they will vote to put us in power , " he said . Westerwelle is eyeing the post of foreign minister under a future Merkel government . What 's at stake in the German election " A government of CDU and FDP , conservatives and liberal would probably be more business friendly than the current grand coalition . Both the CDU and FDP want to cut taxes to further jumpstart Europe 's largest economy which emerged from its deepest recession only a few months ago . But even optimistic economists believe cutting taxes will be all but impossible for a government which will inherit the largest public deficit in German history after the current government was forced to ruin in its public finances to bail out banks and industrial companies in the wake of the international financial crisis . And it appears more trouble lies ahead . "  After the economic crisis we will see a social crisis , " says Henrik Enderlein an economics professor at the Hertie School of Governance in Berlin . Enderlein believes a coalition with the liberals would put Merkel under pressure to implement wider ranging tax breaks than she feels are sustainable . That is why some believe Merkel would not mind continuing her coalition with the Social Democrats who oppose tax cuts and call them irresponsible in a time of disastrous public deficits . The Social Democratic contender running against Merkel , Frank Walter Steinmeier , however , has all but given up any hopes of winning . "  We want to prevent a "  black -- yellow " coalition , " he keeps repeating at rallies . Confidence sounds different . Polls currently have the Social Democrats at around 26 percent of the vote , a disastrous figure for a party that in 1998 gained more than 40 percent . But the Social Democrat ranks were decimated in the seven years they ruled the country under Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder . Many traditional left wing SPD voters felt Schroeder betrayed the powerful labor wing of the party by cutting social benefits while making it easier for companies to fire employees in times of crisis . The SPD was further hit when many loyal members splintered off and joined the left wing party die Linke which also incorporates remnants of the former communist party that rules East Germany . Now Steinmeier is trying to lead the Social Democrats out of the impasse and he realizes his real chance to stay in power would be as the junior partner to Merkel . Steinmeier would keep his post as foreign minister and many political experts in Berlin think this might be what both Merkel and Steinmeier are really striving for . "  They worked very well together , " said Gero Neugebauer of the Freie Universitat Berlin . "  The atmosphere was very good and that is very important for such a coalition . " For Germans it seems like the two choices are realistic : A coalition of CDU and FDP , or a grand coalition of CDU and SPD , like the one that is currently governing the country . Those options have n't exactly fired up the election campaigns . Both Merkel and Steinmeier were loath to attacking each other and both of them cancelled several scheduled TV appearances which would have seen them go head to head . "  This election seems kind of lame , " one young summed it up when I asked him near Berlin 's technical university . International experts have a similar opinion . One issue they feel has gotten short shrift was the war in Afghanistan . Germans have the third largest troop contingent in the country with about 4,200 soldiers stationed in the north . But Afghanistan played only a minor role in the election campaigns and in their only televised debate , Merkel and Steinmeier devoted less than three minutes to the issue , less than a week after a German ground commander had called an air strike that killed almost 100 Afghans and possibly also civilians . "  It is simply not high on the political agenda , " says Jan Techau of the German Council on Foreign Relations. , "  Most Germans are against the war in Afghanistan and having German troops there , but they do n't care about it enough for it to influence the way they vote . " So Merkel and Steinmeier were careful to keep Afghanistan off the campaign agenda as best they could because they agree German troops need to stay in Afghanistan like they agree on so many topics . That did not make for an exciting campaign , but it could make for a good continuation of the grand coalition .	Angela Merkel 's CDU are favorites to win the election But they will need a coalition partner to rule Merkel has publicly named the Liberal Democrats as her preferred choice But the current partner , the Social Democrats , may be the end result
Orlando  CNN  -- On a steamy Florida mid-summer morning , two girls ' teams battle in the finals of the the Disney Cup International Youth Soccer Tournament . Competition is fierce between the teams from opposite corners of the United States . The Tracyton Tornados from Washington state and the FC America team from central Florida both earned the right to participate in this semi-final game during the annual competition that draws teams from the United States and other countries . This game and the tournament are an outgrowth of an American trend -- the number of children playing soccer in the United States has grown dramatically , especially among young girls who idolized the U.S. women 's soccer teams competing in the World Cup . Just three decades ago , the U.S. Youth Soccer organization counted its membership at 100,000 . Today , as municipal parks are filled with millions of young soccer players , the organization counts more than 3 million young players , according to its website . The Disney Cup has taken place for the past 13 years at ESPN 's Wide World of Sports complex at Disney World . The complex 's numbers reflect a growth of women participating in sports in general . "  Sixty percent of athletes that participate at the Wide World of Sports of approximately 300,000 athletes are women , " says Mike Millay , business director of the complex . The sports park holds sporting competitions year round for baseball , football , soccer , basketball , along with track and field . Venessa Starcher -- mom , soccer coach and former soccer player -- loves the sport intimately . In fact , she wishes she could still play , but the years can get in the way . "  I 've seen women 's soccer go from a small sport to a huge sport , I think it 's the fastest growing sport because the other ones have been around for a long time , " said Starcher , whose daughter plays on the FC America team . This soccer mom believes every time the U.S. women 's soccer team competes in high-profile competitions like the World Cup , it exposes more girls and young women to the game . "  People start watching not that they 're interested in soccer , but they like to see America win , " says Starcher . But once they watch , the game catches on . The U.S women 's soccer team won the 1999 World Cup , grabbing the attention of girls and women throughout the United States When Title Nine -- the U.S law that banned discrimination based on sex in education and other activities for schools that received federal funding -- became law in 1972 , women 's participation in sports exploded . And in 1972 , two colleges offered scholarships for women 's soccer . Today , dozens of college have programs and offer scholarships , says Starcher . Rich Hickey , coach of the Tracyton Tornados , says , "  I have one daughter and it 's pretty cool that she can do all the same things that I could do as a boy -- but I do n't think it was there for my sister . " Hickey says the level of women 's soccer continues to improve as does the level of coaching . Women typically coached girls ' teams in the past but today men or women with more experience are teaching the game . "  If you 're practicing right and playing hard and if you believe you 're as good as every boy -- or better -- than you should go out there and prove it to me , " says Coach Hickey to his squad of 12-to-14-year-old girls . "  And they usually do , " said Hickey whose girls often beat boys ' teams in mixed matches . The Disney sports complex director says he continues to see soccer grow at single digits growth , as do other sports . "  You 're seeing soccer more because it 's played at a younger age ; girls stay with that sport longer , " says Millay . "  Where it 's growing internationally , it will fuel the United States ' growth , " he added . Even teenager Tiffani Ferrell with the Tracyton Tornado 's has seen soccer for women change . "  There used to be no soccer at all but it 's becoming so global and so much fun to watch -- that 's it 's just going to keep getting bigger and bigger , " she says . The Orlando FC America team beat Tracyton Tornados 2-1 to move on to the final , only to loose to Ft. Lauderdale 's Pine Crest 0-3 . Despite his daughter 's team 's loss , soccer dad Neal Gaulben kept a positive attitude following the game . "  I think you are going to see a boost to soccer to both men and women , " he predicts . "  I think soccer is going to take off in the U.S. It 's about time ! "	Three decades ago , the U.S. Youth Soccer organization had 100,000 members Today , membership is at more than 3 million And a growing number of those young players are girls , say parents , coaches and players
Washington  CNN  -- With his budget approved by the House , Paul Ryan is turning his attention to Iowa to headline a high-profile Republican event that will only fuel speculation he 's laying the groundwork for a potential presidential run in 2016 . Lawmakers approved the Wisconsin Republican 's 2015 spending plan on Thursday . But there were notable conservative defections , making his appearance at Friday 's Lincoln Dinner in Cedar Rapids more interesting . The question that confronts Ryan is whether his budget , dubbed the "  path to prosperity , " will help pave a path for him to compete in the early contest state in two years . Or will it prove a political liability when Republicans choose their next White House nominee ? Ryan 's role as the chief fiscal expert in the GOP is the main reason he was tapped as Mitt Romney 's running mate in 2012 , and remains his main calling card in a potential national campaign . Since Republicans took control of the House in 2010 , top GOP leaders have deferred to the Budget Committee chairman to construct the party 's blueprint to address the growing national debt . He has shepherded four budgets through the House and brokered a deal with Democrats last fall to avoid another government shutdown and possible default on the nation 's credit limit . Ryan budget details Some say not aggressive enough But that resume has not won over some tea party groups who believe Ryan is n't ' being aggressive enough about slashing the size of the federal government . The group of fiscal conservatives in the House introduced an alternative budget that balances the federal budget in four years , instead of the 10 years in Ryan 's plan . Former 2008 Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin , who previously backed Ryan 's budgets , called this version "  a joke . " In all , a dozen Republicans voted against his bill , a mix of conservatives who wanted the swifter cuts and moderates in competitive seats who may be worried about political fallout . "  I do n't think it helps him at all , " Tammy Kobza , Iowa State director for the Eagle Forum , a conservative group , told CNN when asked if Ryan 's record crafting GOP budgets could be a basis for 2016 presidential campaign in Iowa . Kobza is n't ready to endorse any GOP candidate in the next presidential race yet , but she says there are other activists who will attend Friday 's dinner who share her view that Ryan is n't conservative enough to win the party 's nomination . "  Paul Ryan seems like a very nice man , someone I 'd love to have like a next door neighbor , " Kobza said , but she grouped him in with "  Washington Republicans " who she said "  have no clue what 's going on in real world America . " Jim Carley , President of Save Our American Republic  SOAR  , a conservative grassroots group in Iowa , said he supported most of what Ryan had in previous proposals , but he admitted he has n't focused on the details of Ryan 's latest plan . Ryan 's dilemma Iowa conservatives He told CNN that conservatives in Iowa are determined to get the federal budget in balance , and although he understands it may take some time , "  you 're going to have some people that are never happy . " Texas Republican Sen. Ted Cruz , who has been making his own trips to Iowa to drum up interest in a likely presidential campaign , told CNN he is "  a fan " of Ryan 's . But he said voters in Iowa would have to decide about the political consequences of his budget . When pressed on whether he backs Ryan budget blueprint , Cruz declined to answer , saying his focus was on the Senate . But some Iowa Republicans say Ryan 's willingness to tackle tough issues appeals to conservatives there who are especially concerned about the nation 's debt . Iowans hold the lowest credit card debt in the country , according to Transunion . "  There is a tremendous amount of affection among Republicans I talk to , especially with the small business and donor community , " former Iowa GOP Chair Matt Strawn , who is not affiliated with any potential 2016 candidate , said of Ryan in a phone interview . "  They appreciate he is n't just saying no , he 's attempting to demonstrate that he 's a solution oriented conservative . " Ryan 's Poverty push Other issues energize voters Republican activists and strategists say right now Iowa voters are energized about issues other than cutting federal spending . The backlash to the National Security Agency 's surveillance program is pulling people toward Kentucky GOP Sen. Rand Paul , who has seized on the issue , and is tapping into his father Ron Paul 's infrastructure in the state . And the base 's continued zeal to roll back Obamacare is something that Cruz has highlighted during his visits to the state . But these same Republicans also say the kitchen table issues that Ryan 's budget addresses will generates enthusiasm among caucus goers when the election comes around in 2016 . "  Iowa Republicans like somebody who is put forward serious proposals . " Tim Albrecht , a former aide to GOP Gov. Terry Branstad , told CNN . He believes Ryan 's budget will be an asset and shows "  he 's a thoughtful , smart leader , unafraid to make tough decisions and put together tough proposals that do n't necessarily endear him to the east coast elite . " Albrecht suggests that it 's time though for Ryan to move beyond the spreadsheets and the numbers in the budget plans and demonstrate how his proposals will work in people 's lives . "  If he can explain to Joe Citizen how it helps them help their pocketbook then he 'll be successful . " Ryan well known Veteran Iowa Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley told CNN that he expects Ryan to have a "  good following " when he visits the state . He pointed out that some "  economic conservatives and libertarians " within the Iowa GOP may not be exactly on the same page with Ryan 's approach , but said these groups "  do n't necessarily disagree with him but it 's a matter of emphasis for them . " Republicans agree that Ryan is well known in the state from the 2012 campaign and it helps that he comes from neighboring Wisconsin , and shares Iowans love of the outdoors . But Friday 's visit is only Ryan 's second to the state since the 2012 presidential campaign , . Paul , Cruz , former senator and 2012 GOP candidate Rick Santorum have been to the state more often , and GOP strategists say if serious about running for president Ryan needs to start spending more time cultivating support there . Democrats are n't waiting until 2016 to put Ryan 's budget proposal front and center in the November midterms . While congressional Republicans insist the fallout from Obamacare will help them regain control of the Senate and increase their majority in the House , Democrats believe Ryan 's budget is key to their election prospects this fall . They say its proposed spending cuts and changes to entitlement programs are issues that will energize their base which has been deflated because of the series of problems with the health care law . Dems to highlight Ryan budget Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer has called the focus on the Ryan budget this spring "  a turning point " and a "  gift " to Democrats . In Iowa Democratic Rep. Bruce Braley , who is running to replace retiring Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa , told CNN the Ryan budget will be a major focus as he talks to voters . "  No matter who my opponent is going to be they 've all been out at public meetings talking about where they stand on these issues - and where they stand on these issues is not very different from what 's contained in the Paul Ryan budget . They 're going to have to own up to whether they stand behind this philosophy of governing , " Braley said . Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana may be one of the most vulnerable candidates seeking re-election this fall , and points out that her likely opponent , GOP Rep Bill Cassidy , has repeatedly voted for Ryan 's budgets . "  I most certainly plan to point out how my opponent has advocated to raise the retirement age to 70 . I most certainly plan to point out how some of the proposals in that budget undercut the support for the middle class in Louisiana so I think there are just any number of things , " Landrieu told CNN . Another Senate Democrat facing a tough race , Alaska Sen. Mark Begich , said "  elements " of the Ryan budget will play prominently in his race . He told CNN that those Republican candidates vying to defeat him have already linked themselves to the "  pretty draconian cuts " to education and entitlement programs that he believes will alarm voters in his state . Dems to focus on Ryan budget Could attacks strengthen Ryan ? But Iowa Republicans believe that attacks from Democrats could strengthen Ryan going into 2016 . "  If anything the howls coming from Democrats are an asset , " Strawn told CNN , adding , "  even those conservatives who would want to see more cuts , quicker , when they see Ryan being attacked , those Republicans and conservatives will rally . " While three House Republicans competing for the GOP nomination for a Senate seat in Georgia opposed the Ryan bill , seeking to show conservative primary voters they wanted deeper cuts , GOP Senate Leader Mitch McConnell , who is battling his own tough re-election campaign in Kentucky , said earlier this week he supported it . "  My personal view is - I think the Ryan budget is a step in the right direction , " McConnell said Tuesday . He also indicated that most Senate Republicans backed the plan . Grassley maintains that it 's too early to tell which potential GOP candidate has an edge with potential 2016 Iowa caucus-goers , and he said based on discussions with Republicans "  of all stripes " in the state Ryan is on equal footing with others in the field . But referring to some of the other potential Republican candidates who have executive rather than congressional experience , Grassley said right now there is an "  anti-Washington feeling which I think gives some edge to governors . "	Ryan headed to Lincoln Day dinner in Iowa Ryan 's budget , "  path to prosperity , or path to presidency ? " Sarah Palin calls new Ryan budget "  a joke . "
CNN  -- As pretty on the eyes as they are dramatic on the ears . That 's how we should appreciate some of the world 's concert halls , according to building data company Emporis . The Hamburg-based company has put together a list of what it 's calling the world 's most spectacular concert halls . "  These days concert halls also have remarkable architecture , offering audiences a great show even before they have taken their seats , " the report said . "  More and more concert halls are being built that stand out by virtue of their eye-catching shapes , colors and materials . " It highlights the Heydar Aliyev Center in Baku , Azerbaijan , as an example of an "  extraordinary " concert structure : "  The white building 's curved , wave-like shape makes it seem as if it has been ` poured ' into the landscape . " Berlin 's Philharmonie building , completed in 1963 , also makes the list , as do the Cidade das Artes in Rio de Janeiro and Singapore 's Esplanade Concert Hall . The United States and Spain both get two entries -- Los Angeles ' Walt Disney Concert Hall "  has the appearance of curved metal plates piled into one other and which ... make the design look like an outlandish fantasy , " the report said . One surprising omission from the list of 15 is Sydney 's famous Opera House . But it does get a mention in the report , illustrating how long some of these structures take to build . The Sydney Opera House took 14 years to complete , and one concert hall in construction , Hamburg 's Elbphilharmonie building , will be completed in 2016 , nine years after having started . What concert halls do you think should be added to this list ? Make your comments below .	Concert halls highlighted as visually beautiful buildings in new report 15 buildings named , upcoming halls in construction also highlighted United States and Spain both get two buildings listed
CNN  -- It 's unlikely commercial aviation stories in 2014 will surpass those of 2013 for pizzazz or significance . This is probably a good thing . Who could have foreseen the three-month grounding of the entire Boeing 787 fleet when we forecast events for 2013 ? We were only 16 days into 2013 when 50 787s worldwide were grounded following a battery fire on a Japan Air Lines 787 and a near-fire occurred days later on an ANA 787 flight . Boeing Co. ended the year with embarrassing , dysfunctional standoff with its largest union , the International Association of Machinists District 751 , over where the 777X  successor to the popular 777 airliner now in service  will be built . In between these bookends were first flights of the Boeing 787-9 , Airbus A350 XWB and Bombardier CSeries . The latter was an attempt by the Canadian firm to challenge Airbus and Boeing at the lower end of the mainline jet sector . And American Airlines and US Airways merged in December after negotiating a settlement to a surprise lawsuit by the U.S. Department of Justice  which sought to block the merger  creating what is widely regarded as the world 's largest airline . By comparison , 2014 should be relatively quiet . That 's not to say it wo n't be fascinating . Here 's what we forecast for the major players in the year ahead . Consumers : More fees , tighter seats , "  connected " flight attendants Passengers will get more opportunities to connect with the Internet while in-flight , but at a cost , as airlines continue to seek more profits from ancillary fees . It 's likely that a number of fees will rise in 2014 : ticket change fees , on-board purchases and baggage fees being the biggies . More passengers in the United States will be able to apply for TSA Pre-Check , as that program expands . Previously , the program has been largely confined to frequent fliers invited in by the airlines and those who applied for and were approved for Global Security and Nexus programs . TSA Pre-Check allows passengers to keep shoes and jackets on , laptops and 3-ounce liquids packed and even pockets filled -- just like the pre-9 / 11 days . The ugliest projection for 2014 ? Tighter seating . "  Airlines will continue to reconfigure their aircraft with slim seats in super-snug seating configurations , in a bid to squeeze in more passengers and generate additional revenue , " says Mark Kirby , founder of the Runway Girl Network website that tracks passenger experience . "  Yet , in parallel with this trend , carriers are also moving rapidly to offer the type of technology in-flight that will distract our brains from the pain , including providing power for our personal electronic devices , faster/better connectivity , wireless in-flight entertainment and , increasingly , personalized service from flight attendants who will be armed with ` connected ' tablets . " Boeing : Preserve or obliterate its largest union ? The U.S.-based multinational behemoth is expected to announce in January where it will build its new 777X . The decision may be of limited global interest  though Japan is bidding on building the wings  , but it 's a matter of burning interest in the United States , particularly in Washington State , Boeing 's traditional base of manufacturing . Washington stands to lose upward of 27,000 direct and indirect jobs in the 2020 decade if the 777X is built outside the state . The location hinges on a January 3 vote of Boeing 's "  touch labor " union , the International Association of Machinists District 751 . If members vote to accept a revised version of the contract offer they rejected by a 2-1 margin on November 13 , the 777X assembly and wing production will be placed in the state 's Puget Sound area . If not , the jobs could go elsewhere -- or the fuselage may stay in Washington with wing production at another site . UPDATE : In a stunning reversal of the November 13 vote , IAM union members on Jan. 3 voted narrowly to accept the revised contract . The vote was 51 % to 49 % . Members continued to object to the terms and conditions of Boeing 's revised contact offer . They said it was n't much better than the one rejected November 13 on a 67 % -33 % vote . But heavy pressure within and from outside the union , particularly from elected and civic officials in the Seattle area , and the fear of losing jobs in the long-term , appeared to be enough to sway the vote . By March , Boeing should announce where it will assemble the 787-10 -- expectations are for its plant in North Charleston , South Carolina . The 787-9 is in flight-testing , which by all reports is going smoothly . Boeing is currently scheduled to deliver the first 787-9 to Air New Zealand in June . Airbus : End of the line for A350-800 ? The European company 's highly anticipated A350-900 aircraft began flight-testing just before the 2013 Paris Air Show and is proceeding smoothly . Officials claim the program is "  on track " for first delivery to launch customer Qatar Airways in 2014 , but the precise date has been a moving target . First it was mid-year . Then the company said September would be the magic time . Then delivery became November or December . More generically , officials say delivery will come in "  late 2014 . " It 's possible delivery could slip to early 2015 . Whether it 's late 2014 or early 2015 matters little , just so long as delivery does n't slip beyond that . More interesting for aviation geeks is what appears to be the drip , drip , drip demise of the smallest family member , the A350-800 . There are now just 61 in backlog , following the widely expected decision by the new American Airlines to swap merger partner US Airways ' order of 18 A350-800s for the larger -900 model . Industry experts believe Airbus will continue to urge customers to swap to the -900 and formally or informally discontinue offering the -800 this year . This would be followed by a decision to launch a re-engined version of the popular A330 , a model that entered service in 1994 and has sold more than a thousand planes . Problem is , the A330 's older engines are n't competitive with the new technology power-plants on the 787 and the A350 . A re-engined A330-300 , with derivatives of the Rolls-Royce and GEnx engines used on the 787 , would make the A330 much more competitive . Given its far cheaper price tag than the A350-800 or 787 , this could give the aircraft life well into the 2020s . Bombardier : Huge expectations , precious little time to reach them Traditionally operating in the shadows cast by Boeing and Airbus , the Canadian aircraft company will have to sweat a bit if it wants to steal some of the spotlight it bid for in 2013 . This makes it one of the more interesting players to watch in the year ahead Bombardier 's CSeries aircraft made its first flight September 16 . Since then , company officials have stuck with an aggressive entry-into-service  EIS  plan to follow within 12 months Slower than expected progress on flight-testing and a test schedule largely discounted as too optimistic , however , have led most aerospace analysts to conclude that the aircraft wo n't likely see service until the first quarter of 2015 . Maybe even later . Swiss Airlines , an early customer , is supposed to receive its first CS100 in February 2015 , based on the current September 2014 EIS plan . Bombardier officials told a Swiss newspaper the company is now planning delivery in the summer of 2015 or even later , at least five months beyond projections . Bombardier is expected to give an EIS update on its 2013 year-end earnings call February 11 . A new delay of six-to-nine months is expected to be announced . An EIS date slip from the original plan of December 2013 to mid-2015  a period of about 18 months  would put the aircraft on a par with the A350 's delays , but well ahead of the 3 Â 1/2 years of delays for Boeing 's 787 .	The ugliest projection for 2014 ? Tighter seating Burning January issue : Boeing 's decision on where to build its new 777X Airbus may begin phasing out A350-800 Planned for service in September 2014 , Bombardier 's CSeries will likely be delayed
Washington  CNN  -- The "  nuclear option " would be the changing of Senate rules to enable judicial and executive nominees to be confirmed with just 51 votes instead of 60 . Apparently you need 60 votes to do just about anything in the Senate but change the rules . That only takes 51 votes . Nuclear ? That sounds harsh for something as simple as a rule change . Senators view themselves as being part of the "  world 's greatest deliberative body . " It 's a debatable point , but in order to protect the minority party and make sure nobody does anything without a full debate , Senate rules require that 60 of 100 senators agree to votes to move toward confirming a nominee or passing legislation . In the fancy language they speak on Capitol Hill , moving toward a vote is called "  invoking cloture . " Senate moving toward ` going nuclear ' Actually confirming the nominee or passing the legislation takes only 50 votes , but because of the procedural rules , it pretty much takes 60 to invoke cloture and get anything done these days . By requiring only 51 votes , the entire character of the chamber would change . Instead of being forced to get buy-in from the minority party  Republicans right now  , the majority party  Democrats right now  would be able to confirm anybody for whom they could get a simple majority . Click here for a good academic paper from George Kroger at the University of Miami on "  The Rise of the 60-Vote Senate " The idea is that it would "  blow up " the Senate . We 're speaking figuratively , of course . The symbolism of "  going nuclear " also portends a sort of mutually assured destruction in the future , to borrow another Cold War term . Democrats wo n't always control the Senate . And when Republicans are in charge , you can bet they 'll return the favor . Man who coined the term ` nuclear option ' regrets ever pursuing it Wow . That does sound serious . Is this constitutional ? Sure is . The Constitution does n't say anything about Senate rules . It puts that power in the hands of senators and congressmen . "  Each House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings , " according to Article 1 , Section 5 . Senators are tasked with signing off on nominees in Article II , Section 2 . But it does n't say how exactly , which has led to a centuries-long debate on the matter . Here 's what the Constitution says about the president 's power to appoint : "  He shall have Power ... with the Advice and Consent of the Senate , shall appoint Ambassadors , other public Ministers and Consuls , Judges of the Supreme Court , and all other Officers of the United States , whose Appointments are not herein otherwise provided for , and which shall be established by Law : but the Congress may by Law vest the Appointment of such inferior Officers , as they think proper , in the President alone , in the Courts of Law , or in the Heads of Departments . " OK . Fine . There 's nothing in the Constitution . But Senate rules are pretty clear on the 60-vote threshold . Yes , they are . Read the chapter on cloture . But they 've changed over time . Until 1949 , for instance , according to the Congressional Research Service , senators could n't even move to limit debate  invoke cloture  on nominations . According to the Senate website , Henry Clay was the first senator to threaten going nuclear , back in 1841 , on legislation . Up until 1975 , it actually took 67 votes to overcome a filibuster . The most famous examples came during the Civil Rights era when Southerners from both parties blocked equal rights legislation . It took 60 days of filibustering to find the votes for the 1964 Civil Rights Act . What role does filibustering play in all this ? Everybody seems to have a different definition of what a filibuster is . In pop culture , filibustering brings to mind Jimmy Stewart in "  Mr. Smith Goes to Washington , " speaking for hours to block legislation with which he disagrees . Anymore the filibuster is an implied thing . When everybody realizes that if there are n't 60 votes to limit debate , senators do n't generally spend much time debating at all . They just move on . Even when a senator mounts a long , all-night speech , the outcome is usually pre-ordained . Take Sen. Ted Cruz , the Texas Republican who spoke all night just before the recent government shutdown . Even before Cruz started speaking , senators had reached agreement to vote on a government funding bill the next day . His speech was not a filibuster ; it was preaching to his political choir . Why is all this coming to a head now ? This is where it gets even more complicated . Republicans have been blocking nominees to the D.C. Court of Appeals not because they dislike all the nominees , but because they do n't want more Democrats than Republicans on that court . Currently , there are equal numbers of Democratic and Republican appointed judges on the court , which is considered second only to the Supreme Court in importance . In fact , Republicans want to shrink the number of judges on the court and expand the number of judges in other courts . But this is a fight that extends way beyond the current spat over the D.C Circuit Court . The number of filibusters has exploded in recent years , and so has the number of votes trying to end them . Between 1949 and 2012 , cloture was invoked 122 times . The vast majority of those occurred in the past decade . Democrats , who employed the tactic of filibustering to some effect during the George W. Bush administration , now say they 're fed up with Republicans employing it against President Barack Obama . Read a really detailed look at the history of filibusters and cloture filings from the Congressional Research Service . Republicans block nominees to D.C. court	Senate rules require 60 votes to move toward confirming a nominee or passing legislation Up until 1975 , it took 67 votes to overcome a filibuster Sen. Ted Cruz 's floor speech before the government shutdown was n't a filibuster Current fight is over D.C. court , but impact extends well beyond that
CNN  -- Presidential hopeful Herman Cain told a newspaper Thursday that he never told his wife about another woman he befriended 13 years ago and helped out financially . In an editorial board meeting with the New Hampshire Union Leader , Cain said he repeatedly gave Ginger White money to help her with "  month-to-month bills and expenses . " However , he denied a sexual affair , as White alleges . Cain also said he was considering dropping out of the race , but for now was continuing to meet all campaign commitments . The statement in the videotaped interview was his most definitive to date that he might end his campaign . Cain later told Sean Hannity of Fox News that he will make a decision before Monday . On Wednesday night , Cain told reporters in Ohio that he had discussed White 's allegations with his wife , but was waiting until he could speak face-to-face with Gloria Cain on Friday before making any decision about his campaign . He said in the Thursday interview that his wife 's feelings , as well as the reaction from supporters and donors , would be important factors in deciding whether to stay in the race . "  Yes , getting out is an option , " Cain said in the interview , which lasted almost an hour . The allegation of an extramarital affair , following accusations of sexual harassment from other women , has seriously damaged Cain 's presidential bid . Once a surprise front-runner in the race , he has plunged in the polls since initial allegations of sexual harassment emerged in October . Cain told staffers this week he was reassessing his campaign in the wake of White 's allegation of an affair , and he acknowledged to reporters Wednesday that her account had led to a drop in campaign contributions . On Thursday , Cain provided new details on his relationship with White , including the revelation that his wife had no knowledge of what he called a friendship dating back years and his financial help for the woman . Gloria Cain "  did not know that we were friends until she  White  came out with this story " on Monday , Cain said , later adding : "  My wife did not know about it , and that was the revelation . My wife found out about it when she  White  went public with it . " Cain also repeated his insistence that he and White were no more than friends . He had previously denied any sexual relationship with White . Asked about reports of text messages he had exchanged with White , Cain confirmed that the woman had sent him about 70 such messages between October 22 and November 18 including some "  asking for financial assistance . " "  She was out of work and had trouble paying her bills and I had known her as a friend , " Cain said , adding : "  She was n't the only friend who I had helped in these tough economic times , and so her messages to me were relating to ` need money for rent ' or whatever the case may be . I do n't remember all the specifics . " Cain said he gave White money , but refused to divulge how much . "  My wife now knows , " Cain said . "  My wife and I have talked about it and I have explained it to her . My wife understands that I 'm a soft-hearted , giving person . " Saying that no questions would have been raised if the story involved giving money to a needy male friend , Cain added that his wife "  is comfortable with the explanation that I told her . " Cain 's attorney , Lin Wood , told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " on Thursday that White has provided no proof of an affair or associated financial receipts . He claimed his client has been a victim of unproven allegations and that the media should be asking tough questions of White . Referring to five women who have made allegations against Cain , Morgan asked Wood if it was stretching credulity to suggest that all "  of these woman are simply fantasies . " "  Let me suggest to you that five lies do not make one truth , " Wood replied . "  When you talk about the importance of character ... let 's look at it from the perspective of that candidate 's entire career and life . Do n't judge people 's character based on accusations made in the media that have not been proven with facts and , in fact , have been clearly denied by the candidate . " The attorney said it was improper to answer specifics about the friendship and financial arrangements between Cain and White . "  I am not going to relegate the political process into a Jerry Springer show , " he said . Cain told Hannity he is going to "  re-establish " his character and get to the bottom of the circumstances of the allegations against him . "  I send checks to a lot of people . I help a lot of people , " Cain said . "  That in itself is not proof . So the other allegation in terms of it being a 13-year physical relationship , that is her words against my word . " Cain said Wednesday night that Friday will be the first opportunity to sit down with his wife and "  walk through this " with his family . On Thursday , an official with Cain 's Iowa campaign staff said the candidate 's chief of staff met with the four-person Iowa team to emphasize that the election drive was moving forward . "  Mark Block , Herman Cain 's chief of staff and chief operating officer , just left a meeting at the Iowa headquarters with all four Iowa staffers , " said a statement by Lisa Lockwood , the communications director of Friends of Herman Cain 's Iowa staff . "  The emphatic message is that the campaign is full steam ahead . Herman Cain is in it to win it . He always has been and that has not changed . " The Iowa caucuses , the first formal test of the primary season , are scheduled for January 3 . Two women -- Sharon Bialek and Karen Kraushaar -- have accused Cain of sexually harassing them in the 1990s while he was head of the National Restaurant Association . Two other women also have said Cain sexually harassed them while they worked at the association , but they have declined to be identified . This week , White told the media that she had an off-and-on affair with Cain for about 13 years , which she described as "  very casual . " In the interview Thursday , Cain speculated that political opponents might be paying White to make the allegations . "  Running for president is a very dirty game , " he said , repeating : "  It 's a dirty game . " Cain also said he would drop out of the race if his wife asked him to , but quickly added that she would n't . Gloria Cain rarely makes public appearances or statements . Earlier this month , she spoke to Fox News , calling the sexual-harassment allegations "  unfounded . " In a fund-raising letter Tuesday night after White spoke to the media about the alleged relationship , Cain wrote that "  a troubled Atlanta businesswoman used national media outlets to promulgate a fabricated , unsubstantiated story about a 13-year affair with me . I am writing you today to assure you that this woman 's story is completely false . " On Wednesday morning White responded , "  It 's very disappointing that he would call me troubled . " "  I 'm only here to state the truth and what 's happened in the past , " she said on ABC 's "  Good Morning America . " She acknowledged that Cain has given her money . "  I 've received gifts and money for the last 2 1/2 years consistently , " she said , adding that he did not ask for anything in return . She and Cain were in touch until last week , when there were leaks about the relationship and members of the media began to call her cell phone and family members , White said . White said she came forward to share her side of the story . "  I ca n't imagine waking up one morning and deciding to come out with this if this was not true , " she told ABC . "  This has been a very difficult situation for myself , for my family , and it 's nothing that I am proud of . " "  So far I have been absolutely humiliated , embarrassed , " she said . White said she had not saved receipts and notes throughout the affair because she never planned to make the relationship public . But , she said , Cain took her on several trips , including to a boxing match in Las Vegas . "  I ca n't make this stuff up , " she said . Asked whether his recent texts to her included requests that she not come forward , she replied , "  Absolutely not . The funny thing about Herman Cain is , never in a million years did he probably think that I would speak out on this . And honestly speaking , I never wanted to . " White acknowledged that she has been sued for libel by a former business partner . "  There were disputes and disagreements " with the partner and the experience became emotional , she said , acknowledging that she had made mistakes . White said she thought the situation had been resolved . Asked whether she believes Cain should end his campaign , White responded , "  That 's something he has to decide for himself . " CNN 's Tom Cohen , Alan Silverleib , Josh Levs , Ashley Killough , Kevin Bohn , Gloria Borger , Peter Hamby , Wolf Blitzer and John King contributed to this report .	NEW : Media should be asking tough questions of accuser , Cain 's lawyer says Cain tells a newspaper he gave the woman money to help her out Herman Cain says his wife did n't know of his friendship with his latest accuser Ginger White alleges she had a 13-year on-and-off affair with the candidate
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Five former Blackwater Worldwide security guards pleaded not guilty Tuesday to voluntary manslaughter charges and other crimes stemming from a shooting incident in Baghdad that left 17 Iraqis dead . Former Blackwater Worldwide security Donald Ball , center , leaves court after his arraignment Tuesday . Each of the former guards has been charged with 14 counts of manslaughter , 20 counts of attempted manslaughter and one count of using a firearm in the commission of a violent crime . The five defendants , seated in a row at a courtroom table , remained silent in court , and as they entered and departed the courthouse . A lawyer entered their plea on their behalf . Attorney David Schertler , speaking for all the defendants outside the courthouse , predicted they will be proved innocent . "  We want to make it clear to everyone these men committed no crime . They were defending themselves on a battlefield in a war zone when this occurred , " he said . If convicted , the defendants would face a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison for each manslaughter count , seven years in prison for each count of attempted manslaughter , and a 30-year mandatory minimum sentence for the firearms charge . Judge Ricardo Urbina set a trial date for February 1 , 2010 . He agreed with defense attorneys that preparations for the complex case will require a full year , including the likely need for lawyers to travel to Baghdad to gather information and conduct interviews . "  The United States government had a year and a half to investigate the case , and we did not . So we need a year to catch up , " Schertler told reporters . Lead government prosecutor Kenneth Kohl did not comment outside court . The Baghdad incident , which occurred September 16 , 2007 , exacerbated the feelings of many Iraqis that private American security contractors have operated since 2003 with little regard for Iraqi law or life . It also created an extremely delicate political situation for the Bush administration and the Iraqi government . The five defendants are Donald Ball , 26 , of West Valley City , Utah ; Dustin Heard , 27 , of Knoxville , Tennessee ; Evan Liberty , 26 , of Rochester , New Hampshire ; Nick Slatten , 25 , of Sparta , Tennessee ; and Paul Slough , 29 , of Keller , Texas . A sixth former security guard , Jeremy P. Ridgeway , 35 , of California , has pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter and attempted manslaughter . Prosecutors did not bring manslaughter charges for three of the 17 fatalities because they do not believe they have enough evidence to win a conviction in those deaths . The company of Blackwater Worldwide does not face any charges . The indictment of the five men represents the first prosecution of non-Defense Department contractors under the Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act  MEJA  , which was amended in 2004 to allow the Justice Department to prosecute such personnel providing services "  in support of the mission of the Department of Defense overseas . " The attorneys for the defendants contend that Blackwater 's employees in Iraq are exempt from the provisions of MEJA because the company has a contract in Iraq with the State Department , not the Defense Department . Also muddying the case are assurances of immunity initially given to the guards by State Department diplomatic security agents , who were investigating the incident before the FBI tried to interview them once it took over . The State Department maintains its agents did not offer blanket immunity from criminal prosecution , but promised only that the statements the guards made on the scene could not be used against them in any prosecution . But when the investigation was turned over to the Justice Department to examine possible criminal activity , FBI agents discovered some guards believed they were immune from prosecution and therefore refused to be interviewed again , complicating the FBI probe . A recently approved U.S.-Iraq Status of Forces Agreement pointedly specifies that U.S. civilian contractors will no longer be immune from Iraqi prosecution for crimes committed in that country . CNN 's Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Five guards facing 14 counts of manslaughter , other charges Charges stem from shooting in Baghdad square that left 17 Iraqis dead Attorneys say men were defending themselves on a battlefield Case is the first prosecution of non-Defense Department contractors
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Thousands of protesters fed up with the country 's austerity measures demonstrated here Tuesday outside the congressional building . Clashes between police and demonstrators in central Madrid 's Neptuno Square resulted in 28 people being hurt , two of them police officers , a police spokesman said . The spokesman said 22 people among the estimated crowd of 6,000 had been arrested . Read more : Spain to reveal pain on its books Demonstrators said police were shooting into the crowd with rubber bullets ; the police would not comment . "  We have you surrounded , " some demonstrators sang . "  We have no fear . " At one point , Spanish police charged demonstrators with batons to prevent them from approaching the parliament , which was in session . Spain is facing an economic crisis with unemployment near 25 % , and the protesters accused the government and the opposition alike of trying to solve the country 's financial woes on the backs of the people . Video from the scene showed police charging groups of protesters with their clubs , but such clashes were isolated . Protesters ' demands include a reduction in the size of the government , state-run broadcaster TVE reported . Some protesters threw bottles and rocks at the police officers , who fought back , TVE reported . Journalist Javier Ruiz in Madrid contributed to this report	22 demonstrators are arrested 28 are hurt , 2 of them police Some 6,000 protesters gathered outside Spain 's congressional building in Madrid The demonstrators are against the government and the opposition
Paris  CNN  A traumatic event , such as the 9/11 attacks or the assault on Charlie Hebdo in Paris two weeks ago , can produce huge shifts in public opinion . A surge in patriotism , perhaps higher church attendances -- but one would not expect it to boost the work of an 18th century writer . In France , and especially in Paris , the mood over the past two weeks has been subdued , but punctured by public displays of solidarity across faiths . In a famously fractious society , there is a sense of cohesion . The French seemed to have coalesced in reaching back into their history and the Enlightenment : They have started reading Voltaire . One of France 's most renowned philosophers , Voltaire published his "  Treatise on Tolerance " in 1763 . It was an appeal for religious tolerance , within and between faiths . The French publisher Folio says sales of the "  Treatise " have increased significantly since the Charlie Hebdo attacks . Between 2003 and the beginning of this year , Folio had sold 120,000 copies of the book -- roughly 10,000 a year . From January 12 to 14 , immediately after the rally in Paris in support of free speech and tolerance , some 7,000 copies were sold . Folio said another 20,000 new copies would be made available to cope with demand . Online orders on Amazon and Kindle have also spiked . When first published , the "  Treatise " was a revolutionary creed , and one that landed Voltaire in trouble with the French government and especially powerful religious interests , such as the Jesuits . His message has endured to become a cornerstone of the French republic , where the state and religion are formally and forcefully separated . But Voltaire went far beyond the rifts within Christianity in the "  Treatise . " "  I say that we should regard all men as our brothers , " he wrote . "  What ? The Turk my brother ? The Chinaman my brother ? The Jew ? The Siam ? Yes , without doubt ; are we not all children of the same father and creatures of the same God ? " Voltaire wrote the "  Treatise " because he was outraged by the execution of a Protestant man , Jean Calas , who was wrongly convicted of murdering his own son to prevent him from converting to Catholicism . His campaign to clear Jean Calas went all the way to King Louis XV , who pardoned Calas posthumously . Paris mayor : We 'll sue Fox News Last week , the justice minister here , socialist Christiane Taubira , celebrated Voltaire 's legacy when speaking at the memorial for the Charlie Hebdo cartoonist Tignous . "  We can draw anything , including a prophet , because in France , the France of Voltaire and irreverence , we have the right to make fun of religions , " she said . "  A right . Yes , because a right is democracy and democracy is the realm of the law . " That sentiment was shared across the political spectrum . Writing in Le Figaro on Tuesday , former Prime Minister Dominique Villepin said that "  Faced with the drama that struck it , France has shown great dignity . " Villepin , from the conservative UMP , wrote that , "  The people have chosen by instinct loyalty to France . " It was fitting , and perhaps not accidental , that when world leaders gathered at the rally last week to commemorate those killed in Paris , they began their walk down the Boulevard Voltaire , toward the Place de la Nation . Scattered around them , among the many tributes , posters of the writer bordered with the motto : "  Je suis Charlie . " Some of the marchers waved copies of "  A Treatise on Tolerance " as they walked and left them at impromptu memorials in the Place de la Republique . The chateau at Versailles , once the residence of royalty , devoted the Hall of the Pope to a portrait of Voltaire in honor of the victims of the terror attack . Underneath , a sign quotes from the "  Treatise " : "  What is tolerance ? It is the prerogative of humanity . " Opinion : Attacks show hypocrisy of West 's outrage The Societe Voltaire , charged with keeping the philosopher 's flame alive , says the attacks in Paris were also an attempt to assassinate him . In an article in L'Express , the Societe said Voltaire 's lifelong struggle was to "  crush the infamous "  a saying with which he often ended his letters  and defend the victims of fanaticism . In the words of the Societe 's Alain Sager : "  The border today is not between the religious and the atheist , between the Christian and non-Christian , Muslim and non-Muslim , between the Jewish and non-Jewish . It is between barbarism and civilization . " Among the millions of tweets in the wake of the Charlie Hebdo killings , not a few cited these words attributed to Voltaire : "  I do not agree with what you have to say , but I 'll defend to the death your right to say it . " Voltaire never actually said that . The phrase was invented by his English biographer many years later . But he did write this , in "  A Treatise on Tolerance " : "  The fewer dogmas , the fewer disputes ; the fewer disputes , the fewer miseries : If this is not true , then I 'm wrong . " Two-hundred-fifty years later , the words have new resonance .	After Charlie Hebdo attacks , French find comfort in writing from 1763 Voltaire 's "  Treatise on Tolerance " is an appeal for religious tolerance , within and between faiths
New York  CNN  -- A Bosnian-American who has been charged in an FBI terror inquiry "  provided very detailed information " about his "  terrorist-related activities " after waiving his right to a lawyer , federal prosecutors said . Adis Medunjanin , 25 , has pleaded not guilty to charges of conspiracy to commit murder in a foreign country and receiving military-type training from al Qaeda . Officials say he is an associate of Najibullah Zazi , who is accused of conspiring to use weapons of mass destruction on U.S. soil . In a letter to Judge Raymond J. Dearie , filed Friday , federal prosecutors said Medunjanin spoke to authorities three times about the "  terrorist-related activities of himself and others in the United States and Pakistan " after he waived his right to a lawyer . "  Prior to questioning ... the agents read the defendant his Miranda rights , which he waived orally and in writing , " the letter said . It described the first session with Medunjanin , which occurred in a hospital after he crashed his car on New York 's Whitestone Expressway . "  In addition , the agents specifically advised the defendant that they were aware that he was represented by an attorney , and asked the defendant if he wished to speak with them despite being represented . The defendant informed the agents that he was willing to answer their questions without an attorney , and added that he no longer wished to be represented by Robert Gottlieb , " the letter said . All of the sessions occurred before Medunjanin 's January 8 indictment , according to the letter . Gottlieb had argued in a letter to the judge filed Monday that his client was "  intentionally and improperly hidden from his attorneys ... resulting in a coerced and invalid waiver of his right to our assistance as his longtime counsel . " Gottlieb said he has represented Medunjanin since September . The attorney also asked the judge to sign subpoenas so that Gottlieb can file a motion to suppress alleged statements that Medunjanin made , according to the letter . "  It is our understanding that law enforcement obtained statements from Mr. Medunjanin ... -LSB- that -RSB- we expect the Government will seek to use in Mr. Medunjanin 's prosecution , and which we intend to ask this Court to suppress in a pretrial motion . " He added , "  It is our expectation that the records and materials we seek by these proposed subpoenas will establish both the efforts taken by law enforcement to move Mr. Medunjanin and secret him from his attorneys and to obtain an unlawful purported waiver of his right to the assistance of his attorney , " the letter said . In addition to speaking to agents from the Joint Terrorism Task Force in the hospital January 7 , Medunjanin was interviewed later that day at the FBI offices in New York , the federal prosecutors said in their letter . There , Medunjanin signed a waiver of his right to a speedy arraignment , the letter said . The waiver form included the charges against him and informed him of his Miranda rights , including his right to have an attorney present during questioning . Medunjanin signed the waiver , the letter said . The next day , Medunjanin again waived his Miranda rights orally and in writing , the letter said . "  The defendant continued to provide the agents with information concerning his activities and the activities of others , " the letter said . After his indictment by a jury in the Eastern District of New York , federal prosecutors gave Medunjanin another speedy arraignment waiver , one that included an additional sentence , the letter said . "  Responding to a specific request from Mr. Gottlieb ... the government added the following language to the form ... ' I have been advised that attorney Robert Gottlieb has requested to speak with me , ' " the letter said . As agents were explaining the form to Medunjanin and telling him that he had been indicted , "  the defendant expressed concerns about being charged with conspiracy to kill United States nationals abroad , " the letter said . "  The defendant stated , in sum and substance , ` Maybe I should talk to Mr. Gottlieb , ' and indicated this on the form , " the letter said . "  At this point , agents ceased questioning , " the letter said . Medunjanin arrived in the United States in 1994 and became a citizen in 2002 . Gottlieb has said his client and Zazi attended the same high school and frequented the same mosque . Authorities say Zazi , who has pleaded not guilty to conspiracy charges , planned to use an explosive device in New York on September 11 , 2009 , the eighth anniversary of the U.S. terror attacks . Another man said to be linked to Zazi , taxi driver Zarein Ahmedzay , has pleaded not guilty to lying to a federal agent , according to his attorney , Michael Marinaccio . Ahmedzay and Medunjanin , residents of the New York borough of Queens , had been under surveillance .	Suspect has given FBI "  very detailed information " about activities , officials say Bosnian-American pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to commit murder Authorities say he is associate of terrorism suspect Najibullah Zazi Lawyer has claimed client was "  intentionally and improperly hidden "
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- An Afghan police officer shot and killed nine other officers in southeast Afghanistan on Thursday night , authorities said . The incident occurred in Paktika province , a spokesman for the provincial governor said . Two police officers were arrested , and another , believed to be part of the attack , fled , the spokesman said . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack and said in a statement that the officer who fired the shots was actually a Taliban fighter . The shooter was a member of the Afghan Local Police force , International Security Assistance Force spokesman Maj. Joe Buccino said in a statement . Buccino described the officer as a "  rogue " and said the attack was not preceded by any signs of trouble . ISAF officials are working with provincial and local authorities to investigate the attack , which is the latest by a member of Afghan security forces . Peter Bergen : Growing threat from Afghan security forces This year , a third , or 16 , of the 46 American service members killed in Afghanistan have died at the hands of Afghan security forces , including Monday when a man alleged to be a local Afghan police officer killed an American service member in eastern Afghanistan . Gen. John Allen , the commander of the NATO-led force , said officials are working on a new procedure to check the background of Afghans who sign up to join the security services . The latest killings come after a shooting rampage in Afghanistan this month left 17 villagers dead in the Panjwai district of southern Kandahar province . A U.S. soldier , Staff Sgt. Robert Bales , has been charged with murder . Journalist Fazal Ahad contributed to this report .	NEW : Afghan police officer cited in shootings was "  rogue , " ISAF spokesman says The incident occurred in Paktika province Two officers were arrested ; another fled The Taliban claim responsibility for the attack
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Between 20 and 25 employees of NBC 's "  The Tonight Show " have been laid off and host Jay Leno has taken a substantial pay cut , a source with direct knowledge of the situation told CNN on Saturday . The employees were let go Friday , with Leno 's salary reduction intended to prevent even more staff reductions , the source said . The actions were taken as NBC seeks to move the show to a cost structure typical of late-night programming , as opposed to prime-time shows , according to the source . Leno replaced the legendary Johnny Carson as host of "  The Tonight Show " in 1992 , a job he held for 17 years when he left in 2009 to helm "  The Jay Leno Show " with a 10 p.m. start time . But a few months later , in January 2010 , NBC announced the comedian would once again move to his old 11:35 p.m. time slot . The Massachusetts-raised comic 's venture into prime time three years ago was pitched as an attempt by the network to parlay his proven popularity into a commercially successful show . But lagging ratings prompted NBC executives to change course within a few months . That move ultimately led to fellow talk show host Conan O'Brien 's departure from the network . O'Brien now hosts a show , "  Conan , " on TBS that , like CNN , is a division of Time Warner . 300,000 education jobs lost Need a job ? Being single might help	20 to 25 employees were laid off Friday from "  The Tonight Show , " a source says Leno 's salary reduction prevents even more job cuts , according to the source The move is to shift the show from a prime time to late night cost structure , the source adds
CNN  -- It may seem straight out of Moby Dick , but a rare white whale is thrilling Australians off the eastern coast . The albino humpback has been nicknamed "  Migaloo " by researchers who track his movements . Albino whales are rare and Migaloo is the only documented all-white humpback adult , according to Peter Harrison , director of marine ecology research at Southern Cross University in Australia . Migaloo was first seen in 1991 when he was a juvenile , Harrison says , and researchers believe he is now in his 20s . The humpbacks are on their annual migration from their breeding grounds along the Great Barrier Reef back to feed in the Antarctic . "  Everyone here is quite excited , " says Oskar Peterson , who runs a website that tracks sightings of white whales around the globe . "  We see him almost every year now , but it 's still front page news when he turns up . " Migaloo is expected to pass by Cape Byron , the easternmost point in Australia , in the coming hours after passing by Surfer 's Paradise , Peterson says . Spotters of the whale share sightings at his website Male humpbacks can travel up to 140 kilometers  87 miles  a day during their migration , according to experts . But they often hang around Cape Byron searching for mates , so whale watchers may see the albino humpback for a few more days , Harrison says . He warns fans to steer clear -- at least 500 meters away at all times -- to ensure the whale 's survival . Too much noise and chasing can disturb him and cause him to use precious energy he needs for migration . Whale watchers may be able to enjoy Migaloo for decades . Humpback whales are believed to survive as long as 90 years in the wild , Harrison says .	The albino humpback 's nickname is "  Migaloo " Researchers are tracking his movements Migaloo was first seen in 1991 as a juvenile , expert says
CNN  -- Google + has a problem . It 's not engagement or the lack of a clear way to monetize itself . It 's not those sometimes-unwieldy friend-organizing circles , or even the perception that no one other than nerds uses the service . The problem , its creators believe , is that many people keep comparing it to Facebook -- or , more broadly , social networks . While social interaction is a key part of Google + , the project is much more ambitious . Google + is nothing short of a wholesale upgrade to all of Google 's products and services , but with the identity of the user incorporated . Mashable sat down with Vic Gundotra , Google 's senior vice president of social business , and Bradley Horowitz , Google + 's vice president of product , at the Google I/O developer conference . They were excited about the new Google + features that were announced -- the Events feature and the new tablet app -- but they were also quick to downplay any comparisons to Facebook , or any suggestion that many people are n't interested in joining Google + . "  Google + is just an upgrade to Google , " says Gundotra . "  People have a hard time understanding that . I think they like to compare us with other social competitors , and they see us through that lens instead of really seeing what 's happening : Google is taking its amazing products , and by bringing them together , they just become more awesome . " Gundotra and others have said this before , and you get the sense that they really believe in their recipe for Kool-Aid . Google also released some new statistics to parry any stabs at accusing the network of not having a large and engaged audience -- 250 million total users , with 150 million of them visiting every month , and half of those people signing in every day  if you 're doing the math , that 's 75 million daily active Plussers  . Wading Into Google + 's Stream But with the definition of Google + so broad , what constitutes "  active daily use " becomes a little hazy . If I 'm signed into Google + and simply do a Google search or upload a photo to Picasa , does that count ? As Google defines the service , it would appear so . However , a user performing such basic Google tasks may never visit the Stream , Google + 's main social feature . That brings the question : Just how engaged are Google 's users with the Stream ? This week at I/O , Gundotra revealed that "  active " users of Google + spend an average of 12 minutes in the stream , up from 9 minutes three months ago . Still , that 's not quite on par with Facebook , which sees its users spend a grand total of 10.5 billion total minutes spent on the network every day , according to its IPO filing . While that becomes about the same 12 minutes if you divide by Facebook 's 900 million users , remember that we 're talking about active users here , so Facebook 's actual engagement is actually much higher . So since this area is actually where the comparison to Facebook is valid , how can Google both increase the proportion of active users as well as boost engagement on the Stream ? "  That 's a fair question , " says Gundotra . "  I think there we boost engagement by giving people ways to connect things that they care about and are exciting -- that nobody else has . Like Google hangouts . Like Events . Like beautiful photos . " Horowitz believes as more users "  upgrade " to Google + -- which essentially just means letting Google know who you are -- it 'll become clear to them that Google 's many services become much more useful . And at some point they 'll find the Stream . "  When Google knows that I 'm a man , and I live in this zip code , and I went to this school , and I have these interests , my entire experience gets better , " he explains . "  You will discover our engagement is massive , and guess what ? Your friends , family and loved ones are already here . It 's not as if we need to acquire users . We just need to bring them into the light . " Money Money Money The way Horowitz and Gundotra describe it , upgrading to Google + is almost a religious conversion : You were n't really living  i.e. using Google  until you make the transition . Still , Google is a business , and it does n't undertake massive projects like Google + without some kind of plan to monetize them . So far , Google + does n't have anything like Twitter 's trending topics  although it has a "  What 's Hot " stream that 's a click or tap away for users  or Facebook 's sponsored stories . When asked if we might someday see similar features introduced in Google + , Gundotra would n't say , but his change in manner betrays a disdain for how Google 's competitors incorporate advertising . "  Our business model is very different , " he says . Some of our competitors are like going to a baseball stadium . If you have 90,000 people there , you 're going to put up ads everywhere , and that 's basically the core business model . You 're looking at a picture of your daughter , we 're going to show you an ad . "  We have a very different philosophy . We think the right time to show and ad is when you are at the moment of commercial intent . When iIm doing a house remodel , and I 'm looking for a microwave oven , then I see Bradley 's +1 on a GE appliance , that means a lot more to me . " Gundotra repeated a statistic that Google has released before -- that when brands use Google + 's social extensions in their ads , the click-through rate  CTR  jumps by 5-10 % . While some have questioned that statistic , the fundamental idea of incorporating recommendations from friends into the ads they 're seeing online makes a great deal of sense , and it 's the business model of more than one company . Still , Gundotra wo n't rule out the possibility of sponsored stories down the road . "  We do n't serve ads -LSB- on Google + -RSB- , but that does n't mean we wo n't have sponsored stories , " he says . "  There may be more relevant forms of advertising that we do believe work . " The Business of Hangouts There may be other sources of revenue for Google + , though . One of the much-touted advantages Google + has over competitors  perceived or otherwise  is Hangouts -- video chats you can have with multiple people , even through a mobile device and are absolutely free . Hangouts have been a major differentiator for Google + since the beginning , but until recently Google had positioned them as a casual , consumer-friendly feature , not a business tool  a new ad for Hangouts shows a work group having a meeting  . Since their introduction , many businesses  including Mashable  have adopted Hangouts for collaboration , and it begs the question : why has n't Google been more proactive about courting business users ? "  We hear this so much , " says Horowitz . "  So many startups are running their business on Hangouts . Even big companies who would be embarrassed if I told you which ones . Their expansive camera units take longer to boot up than it takes to launch a hangout with commodity hardware and webcams in your laptop . " "  There are lots of examples of great consumer tech coming into the enterprise , " Gundotra adds , "  because it 's just so awesome . You could go back to 1991 with Windows . Enterprises really did n't want it , but it was just so great . If we can solve a problem for every human on earth , then businesses of course will use it . " So when will Google announce Hangouts for Business ? "  We 're very well aware of the opportunity in enterprise . We 're not ignoring it . You should expect announcements from us in the future that add unique features that enterprises would need . " Google + 's Long Game To some , Google + made too many stumbles along the way to become a real Facebook competitor . As Gundotra and Horowitz see it , that 's the wrong way of looking at it . Google + is simply Google 's way of taking its many disparate services -- search , YouTube , Maps , etc. -- and making them more relevant by incorporating the user 's personal data . If some of those services then end up rubbing up against what Facebook offers , so be it . In the bigger picture of platforms , though , the comparison is more than appropriate . Both Facebook and Google want you to spend your time on their site , not the other 's . Facebook began with social interaction and spread to broader services such as messaging . Google 's taking it the other way around -- creating a suite of extremely popular products and then persuading users to get social with them . Which approach is better ? I do n't think there 's much question that Google 's services improve greatly when you add in personal data , be it location , gender , interest or other factors . But the social component is incredibly powerful , and in that aspect Facebook is king  Facebook 's engagement numbers are massive compared to Google + -- the stream , anyway  . For the longest time , people have been trained to socialize there . It 's difficult to imagine a world , even in the long term , where that activity shifts to Google . But maybe it does n't need to . Can Google + still be considered a success even if the Stream never quite becomes as influential as Facebook 's news feed ? Google probably would like to think so , but it 's clear that , for now at least , many perceive Google + as a poor man 's Facebook . And if perceptions are great enough , it has a way of become reality . Yep , Google + has a problem . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Google + creator says the site should n't be compared to Facebook and Twitter Vic Gundotra says Google 's social tool is meant to enhance other Google offerings Video-chat Hangouts have been a highlight for Google +
CNN  -- A New York woman pleaded guilty Tuesday to collecting a fraudulent $ 480,000 claim from One Fund Boston , a nonprofit that benefits victims of the Boston Marathon bombings , according to the Massachusetts attorney general 's office . Audrea Gause , 27 , pleaded guilty to a charge of larceny over $ 250 and was sentenced by a Superior Court judge to two and a half to three years in prison , according to a statement from state Attorney General Martha Coakley . "  It is disturbing that this defendant would attempt to steal from the real victims of the marathon bombing through fraud and deceit , " Coakley said in a statement . Gause was awarded the $ 480,000 after submitting forged medical records in June 2013 indicating she had suffered a traumatic brain injury in the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing that resulted in long-term memory loss , impaired speech and the loss of some motor function that would require future surgery , the attorney general 's office said . An investigation into Gause began after the Massachusetts attorney general received a tip that she was not in Boston at the time of the bombing , Coakley told a news conference in July . The attorney general 's office said that the investigation determined that Gause was not a patient at Boston Medical Center on the day of the bombing nor Albany Medical Center at the times she had indicated on her notarized claim form . Investigators were later able to secure the nearly half a million dollars that Gause stole and will return it to One Fund Boston , according to the attorney general 's office . The attorney general 's office said it has charged two other individuals with attempted fraud of One Fund Boston and that both are awaiting trial . The One Fund Boston began distributing nearly $ 61 million to more than 200 claimants starting last June , according to the fund 's website .	A woman pleaded guilty to scamming $ 480,000 from charity , attorney general says The One Fund Boston is a nonprofit that benefits victims of the Boston Marathon bombings Audrea Gause was not a patient at hospitals at the times she claimed , investigators say
CNN  -- Israeli Justice Minister Tzipi Livni says "  it is clear for us here in Israel " that chemical weapons have been used in Syria , and an international response to the crisis should be "  on the table in the discussions between Prime Minister Netanyahu and President Obama " during the president 's trip to Israel . When pressed during an interview in her Tel Aviv home , Livni would n't say whether there is evidence that the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has directed the use of any chemical weapons . But she said this development poses a direct threat to Israel , which shares a border with Syria . Livni told CNN that "  the appearance is that it 's not going to be only in Syria , but that Hezbollah can reach all these chemical weapons and use them against Israel in the future . " Israelis have long been concerned that Hezbollah , Israel 's foe in neighboring Lebanon , could gain possession of Syrian chemical weapons if the Assad regime is further destabilized . President Obama just landed in Israel for a two-day trip , and two national security issues dominate the agenda : the nuclear showdown with Iran and the growing crisis with Syria . On both fronts , Livni says , U.S. leadership can make the crucial difference . "  The United States has the tools in order to prevent Iran from having a nuclear weapon and in order to stop all this situation in Syria , " she said , and she insisted that this is the time to act . "  It is not a favor to the state of Israel . This is something that represents the interests of the United States as well , " she said . Israeli minister says she hopes U.S. helps restart peace talks In February , Israel attacked a convoy of anti-aircraft weapons in Syria . That assault did not involve chemical weapons , but clearly their use would increase the stakes for Israel . Livni says Israel is prepared to take action : "  Yes , but I am not going to speak about it publicly . Israel has the right of course to defend itself . " There are reports that chemical weapons were used in two locations Tuesday in Syria , killing at least 25 people . On Tuesday night , U.S. House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers told CNN there was a "  high probability to believe that chemical weapons were used . " And in the same interview , Senate Intelligence Committee Chairwoman Diane Feinstein said "  the White House has to make a decision in this . I think the days are becoming more desperate . "	An international response should be "  on the table " amid Obama visit , justice minister says She does n't say if there 's evidence that Syrian leader ordered use of the weapons Syria crisis and Iran nuclear showdown are among top issues as Obama visits Israel Tzipi Livni says U.S. leadership can make a crucial difference on both fronts
Hong Kong  CNN  -- On the face of it , women in China seem to have cracked the code for success . Seven of world 's top 10 wealthiest self-made women are Chinese . Property tycoon Zhang Xin is richer than Oprah . And a girl-power chick flick called "  Tiny Times " broke the mainland 's opening-day box office record earlier this summer . But do n't let the headlines fool you . In China , as in many other corners of the world , women are under pressure , under-represented , and under threat . A preference for boys under China 's one-child policy continues to this day . Access to cheap ultrasound and and abortions has led to widespread selective abortion of female fetuses . According to the China Statistics Bureau , there are now 34 million more men than women in China . OPINION : China 's biggest problem ? Too many men Marital property in China belongs to the one person who owns the home -- who is , more often than not , a man . And there 's not a single woman on the ruling Communist Party 's seven-member Politburo Standing Committee . "  So when it comes to women 's issues , who will speak for women ? " asks former legislator and committed feminist Wu Qing . For CNN 's "  On China , " I talked to Wu and two high-profile observers of women 's issues in China -- Tsinghua University scholar Leta Hong Fincher and bestselling author Joy Chen -- on the state of gender inequality in China . Wu squarely blames the government for not trying hard enough to shore up women 's rights by implementing the constitution . "  Article 33 says every single citizen of the People 's Republic of China should be treated equally , " Wu points out . "  And , according to Article 48 on women , women should enjoy equal rights in the economy , in politics , in everything . " "  And yet , China is still rule of man , by man . " OPINION : What Chinese women want Beijing is not only failing to represent the needs of women . It 's putting its own interests ahead of China 's increasingly educated and single female population . According to Hong Fincher , there has been an active state media campaign to promote the term "  leftover women , " a derogatory term referring to spoiled food that 's been used to shame China 's urban educated women over the age of 27 who are still single . The term was defined by the All China 's Women 's Federation in 2007 . "  After the Women 's Federation defined this term , then the state media started aggressively pushing it , " Hong Fincher tells me . "  There 's been a stream of reports insulting educated women in their late 20s who do n't have a husband yet . " "  It 's insulting not just to single women , " says Joy Chen . "  It 's insulting to all women and all men because it basically says you 're legitimate to the extent that you 're married . " "  And the leftover label is everywhere in society , " Chen adds . "  Your plumber tells you to hurry and get married if you 're a single woman with an apartment . " OPINION : Single Chinese women say ' I wo n't ' Hong Fincher argues that the term is part of a government program to upgrade population quality : "  So what they want to do is promote match - making to encourage or scare educated women into having a child because that fits the government 's demographic goals . " Despite all the social pressure and lack of government support , there are the outliers among Chinese women -- extreme examples of extraordinary success . So what pushed them to go so far ? "  These women who are multi-millionaires have made it in spite of being in China , not because of it , " says Hong Fincher . "  I wish that those women would speak out more on behalf of women all across China . " Wu herself is an outlier among China 's women . A former university professor and a member of the Haidian district 's People 's Congress for 27 years , she is a tireless activist . And she is speaking out on behalf of China 's women as a women 's rights advocate and a founder of a school to empower rural women . "  We need to have a very clear goal in our lives , know what we want , " Wu tells me . "  I was lucky that when I was a little girl , my mom told me that I 'm a human being first before I 'm a girl or a woman . " To crack the code for success , do n't say you 're a woman first .	Chinese women may feature on rich lists but many take second place to men Young women are under pressure to marry lest be labeled "  leftover women " Marital property belongs to one person , typically the man of the household Preference for boys continues due to China 's one-child policy
Washington  CNN  -- I am pretty sure I met the next leader of the conservative movement during a three-day confab of activists that wrapped up Saturday here in the nation 's capital . I definitely shook hands with a future congressman or maybe even a governor . Maybe it was the 14-year-old conservative wonder-kid Jonathan Krohn , who champions "  conservatism based on reality " and was a prominent speaker at the Conservative Political Action Conference . Seriously , 14 years old and he is talking about "  conservatism based on reality . " He has even written a book about it : "  Defining Conservatism . " When I was 14 , I was trying to learn how to hit a fastball . If you follow baseball , you know that spring training has started in Arizona and Florida , and I am writing this column from Washington . Oh well . I wonder if Krohn can hit a fastball ? Perhaps it was the 18-year-old freshman from Wake Forest University , the 27-year-old senior from Goucher College , or the 24-year-old recent graduate of Bridgewater College who now helps conservative and libertarian students maintain their rights on largely liberal college campuses . Without a question , it was the youth , the next generation of conservatives , who emerged from the CPAC meeting as the Big Winner . The American Conservative Union , which put on this exhaustive three-day program , estimates that more than 10,000 people attended and 60 to 70 percent were under the age of 30 . It was like Spring Break for College Republicans . I even got a bottle opener and a keg cup from the College Republican booth . The slogan on the bottle opener : "  The Best Party on Campus . " Full coverage of CPAC meeting on CNN political ticker The future looks bright , or at the very least , there is hope in the future for the conservative movement . But unlike in my household , it was n't all about the kids . There were other winners and losers in my mind , so I thought I would share them with you . Winner : Ron Paul Revolution Texas Rep. Ron Paul was the overwhelming choice of attendees to be the 2012 Republican presidential nominee in the nonscientific , yet much discussed , CPAC Straw Poll . Paul 's supporters were out in force each day of the conference , handing out leaflets and emphasizing the Texas congressman 's disdain for the Federal Reserve . He received huge applause during his late Friday afternoon speech , but when he was announced as the winner of the Straw Poll the audience erupted in boos . Why ? Well , let 's take a look at a loser . Loser : CPAC straw poll Admittedly , for political junkies like me , you can be tempted to put too much emphasis on a straw poll . But when there is a chance to survey 10,000 -- that 's right , 10,000 -- political activists , it is hard not to get a little excited to see the results . Alas , that is not what happened this weekend . Sure , there were 10,000 attendees , but only 2,395 participated in this unscientific survey . You do the math . Not quite the snapshot I was looking for . What we learned this past weekend -- OK , we already knew it -- is that Paul has a very loyal following . The Texas congressman has already proven that he can run a national campaign , but can he win the Republican presidential nomination ? I 'm not sure all of his views resonate with GOP primary voters . But I have to admit , I will be there again next year when the results are announced . Winner : Marco Rubio He was the belle of the ball at CPAC . The former Florida House speaker was praised for challenging Gov. Charlie Crist , who is popular with the party establishment , for the Republican Senate nomination and refusing to bow to pressure to abandon his bid . Rubio kicked off the conference with a speech that hit all of the boilerplate conservative themes , which drew the audience to its feet several times . Rubio 's wisest move was placing a form soliciting volunteers and donations on every seat in the ballroom before people took their seats . Loser : Sarah Palin A tough decision to tag the former Alaska governor with this brand , but CPAC was her crowd and she was n't present . Will it hurt her politically ? No . But she missed out on an opportunity to appear before a very large and very friendly audience . Instead , she allowed a half dozen or so other potential candidates the opportunity to try to convince attendees they have the best chance of defeating President Obama in 2012 , without ever having to explicitly say it . And there is no doubt in my mind , the adults who forked out $ 750 for the all-inclusive three-day pass and students who paid $ 25 for the conference would have bought another copy of Palin 's book , even if they already had one on their bedside table . Winner : Newt Gingrich The former House speaker entered the CPAC conference from a distant door up a staircase , halfway across the cavernous room from the podium . The "  Rocky " anthem , "  Eye of the Tiger , " bellowed from the sound system as Gingrich made his way through the electrified crowd . It was almost one of those "  Wow ! " moments . Definitely memorable . Winner : Rick Santorum The former Pennsylvania senator is being singled out for his decision to shake it up a little bit during his speech . How did he do it ? Simply . Santorum delivered an abbreviated speech and then took questions from the audience . He did n't exactly have the best time slot , Saturday at 8:30 a.m. Even I was bleary-eyed . Yet the former Pennsylvania senator had a pretty good showing and offered up a mea culpa to the attendees for supporting Sen. Arlen Specter 's re-election in 2004 . Longtime Republican Specter switched to the Democratic Party last year . And Santorum did n't dance around the fact that he is considering a White House bid . Loser : Social conservatives This still influential wing of the conservative movement was well represented at CPAC this year , but the immediacy of some of their top issues -- abortion , same-sex marriage and "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell " in the military -- just was n't a major part of the larger discussion . Instead , these activists were primarily talking about fiscal discipline , lower taxes and limited government . And GOProud , a gay conservative organization , was one of the cosponsors of CPAC . Winner : Republican Party There has been much speculation that Tea Party activists will actually hurt the Republican Party because this new , decentralized political movement will field candidates to run in the midterm elections . A third-party conservative candidate introduced into a race will actually help the Democrats , because it will split the Republican vote . Remember the New York special congressional election won by a Democrat in 2009 , because of a third-party conservative candidate ? While that may happen on a scattered basis in 2010 , there was widespread acknowledgment that this is not in the conservative movement 's best interests . These activists want to see conservative candidates such as Rubio run in the primaries , but come November , I do n't think you are going to see a slew of formidable third-party candidates . Winner : Democratic Party Huh ? What ? Are you crazy ? Well , I am definitely a little crazy , but this was an easy call . Why ? Democrats got to see firsthand that conservatives are no longer lying flat on their backs after what was then thought to be a knockout blow that Obama delivered in the 2008 elections .	Young conservatives were big winner at weekend confab , says CNN 's Mark Preston CNN political editor also lists Marco Rubio , Newt Gingrich among the winners Preston 's list of losers includes Sarah Palin , straw poll , social conservatives Surprise winner on his list : Democratic Party
Four people were killed and nine people were injured in clashes in Saudi Arabia , an Interior Ministry spokesman said Thursday . Two people were killed in protests , then two more died when gunfire broke out during a funeral procession , Interior Ministry spokesman Mansur al-Turki said . The fighting occurred in the Qatif region of Eastern Province , where many Shiites in the predominantly Sunni country live . Al-Turki blamed "  unknown criminal sources " for the casualties . "  The goal of the rioters is to achieve suspicious objectives dictated to them by their masters abroad , " al-Turki said . He did not specify to which country he was referring . There have been street disturbances in nearby Bahrain , a predominantly Shiite country ruled by a Sunni monarchy . And there has been tension between Iran , also a predominantly Shiite nation , and the Sunni world . Earlier this year , Shiite protesters in the Qatif region urged the Saudi government to release Shiite prisoners and grant more rights . Those protests , which were peaceful , also urged the withdrawal of regional forces from Bahrain . Al-Turki said Thursday 's violence in Qatif "  started gradually Monday and it escalated with what happened today . "	Gunfire breaks out during a funeral procession in Saudi Arabia Nine people also injured in protests , Interior Ministry spokesman says Shiite protesters earlier this year urged government to release prisoners , grant rights
CNN  -- Is Blake Lively pregnant ? All signs point to yes . In a column published on Lively 's website Preserve , there 's a photo of the 27-year-old actress cradling what appears to be a baby bump , suggesting that Lively and husband Ryan Reynolds are expecting their first child . No one has yet said "  we 're expecting , " but the image combined with the column 's topic of family seems to say it all . " ` Family ' is the single word our founder , Blake built this home on , " the Preserve editorial team writes in the column , titled "  Preserve Celebrations : Falling for Family . " "  With family on our mind , we looked to the origin of it all -- to the women in our lives who are right there , at that special moment ; at the creation of family . Today we celebrate them ... Congratulations to all the expecting mothers out there . " Since getting married in 2012 , both Reynolds and Lively have been vocal about wanting a big family . Reynolds told Details magazine in August 2013 that they "  both come from big families -- my parents did four , Blake 's did five . A lot of people say it 's crazy , but we 'll only know when we 're there , you know ? We 'll walk through that fire pretty happily , I think . " And more recently , Blake told Marie Claire magazine in September that she was raring to go . "  I got ta get started , " the "  Gossip Girl " actress said . "  If I could spit out a litter of kids , I would . " Representatives for Reynolds and Lively did not immediately respond to requests for comment .	Blake Lively appeared to announce she 's expecting on her website The actress shared a photo of herself cradling what looks like a baby bump This would be the first child for Lively and husband Ryan Reynolds
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- At the bus terminal in downtown Los Angeles , they 're easy to spot . Dressed in blue jeans , they carry boxes , bags or large envelopes with their name and a number on it . They are ex-offenders , just released from California 's prison system . When they step off the bus with $ 200 in "  gate money " in their pockets , many have hopes of making a fresh start . But in this seedy area just blocks from Skid Row , the new arrivals are easy targets for pimps and drug dealers . For some , the temptation is too much . While not everyone succumbs to the streets so quickly , nearly 60 percent return to prison within three years , according to California 's Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation . It 's a cycle that Susan Burton is striving to break through her reentry program . Having served six prison terms for drug offenses in the 1980s and '90s , Burton knows from experience how hard it can be . "  Every time I was released , I swore I was n't going back , " said Burton , 57 . "  But I know now that without the resources and support , it 's next to impossible . ... If you do n't have a new door to walk through , the only thing is the old door . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes A new door is what Burton 's program -- A New Way of Life Reentry Project -- gives to just-released female offenders . By providing a sober place to live and other support services , she 's helped more than 400 women get back on their feet . Burton was raised in the projects in East L.A. , and her own life took a turn for the worse when her 5-year-old son was accidentally hit and killed by a car in 1981 . Amid her grief , she started smoking crack cocaine and ended up in prison -- beginning a pattern of addiction and incarceration that continued for years . "  I could n't get off the turnstile , " Burton said . "  I knew I had a problem but did n't understand the complexity . " Burton ultimately got clean at a rehab facility in 1997 and realized she wanted to help other women offenders when they were released . She worked as a live-in caregiver and saved up enough money to buy a house in Watts . She put bunk beds in the bedrooms , converted the breakfast nook into a bedroom/office for herself , and at the end of 1998 , she opened her doors . Right away , her program took off . "  Magic happened , " she said . "  There were 10 women in the house , just working together , helping each other , recovering together . " Today , Burton -- now a certified dependency counselor -- has five houses and supports up to 22 women at a time , largely with funding from a variety of private foundations . She receives 20 to 30 letters a week from inmates and answers each one , promising them a place to stay . Burton personally picks up most new arrivals at the bus station or at the prison gates , greeting them with a simple "  welcome home . " "  To me , there 's this real window of opportunity to get people from incarceration into a positive lifestyle , " she said . She and her group provide food , clothing and transportation , along with helping them register for benefits , get ID cards so they can find work and begin regaining custody of their children . In return , Burton asks that residents stay clean , attend 12-step meetings , and enroll in school , get drug treatment or find work . She also asks them to contribute $ 500 a month when they can , but says she wo n't turn anyone out as long as they 're making progress . When the women are ready to live independently , Burton finds them housing and helps furnish their homes . It 's a formula that seems to achieve results . According to Burton , 75 percent of women who enter the program stay clean and do n't return to prison for at least 18 months . Charsleen Poe is just one of Burton 's many success stories . "  When I came here ... the only thing I knew to look for next was a hit , " said Poe , 50 , who struggled with addiction and homelessness for 15 years . But in the 18 months since she entered Burton 's program , she 's stayed sober , taken computer classes and is now looking for a job and her own place to live . "  Today , I am not that same person that I was , " Poe says . "  Miss Burton made me want to change my life . " Burton 's program may be needed even more in the future . In August 2009 , federal judges ruled that California 's prisons were overcrowded and ordered a release of 40,000 inmates over the next two years . The state is appealing , but it seems likely that more prisoners will be released , at a time when state-funded rehabilitation programs for inmates are being cut . Burton worries about how inmates will deal with these new challenges and said she is constantly looking for new ways to help ex-offenders succeed . She runs a clinic with UCLA 's law school that helps expunge people 's records so they can find work more easily and encourages all of her residents to become politically active . "  I want the women to realize that ... they have something to contribute , " she said . For Burton , her hard work "  is giving life , hope , courage to people to give back to the world , " she said . "  I just wanted my life to count towards something good , and this was the way I could do it . " Want to get Involved ? Check out the A New Way of Life Reentry Project Web site and see how to help .	Susan Burton has helped more than 400 female ex-convicts get back on their feet 75 percent of program members stay clean and out of prison for at least 18 months , she says She meets new arrivals at bus stations or prison gates , saying "  welcome home " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- After insane amounts of snow and bitterly cold temperatures this week , the Buffalo area begins to thaw out Saturday . The good news : Warmer temperatures will begin to melt some 7 feet of snow across the region . The bad news : Warmer temperatures will begin to melt some 7 feet of snow across the region . Saturday 's high should reach 40 degrees , but with it comes rain . The entire area is under a flood warning , which means flooding is imminent or has been reported . The National Weather Service says flood-prone areas will be inundated , but warns there will be general flooding , too . "  We  expect 5 to 6 feet of water in some areas in a short period of time , " Erie County Executive Mark Poloncarz said . The risk of flooding extends into Tuesday . Erie County officials are n't taking any chances . They 've mobilized heavy pumps and diesel pumps to suck up water and deposit it elsewhere . Swift-water rescue teams are in place , along with helicopters , should anyone get caught in the deluge of runoff waters . "  Warming will bring melting . Melting will bring water . Water will bring floods , " New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo told reporters Friday . "  Likely  more flooding than we have seen in a long , long time . " According to the National Weather Service , temperatures will remain above freezing through Monday , rising steadily into the 50s on Sunday . Heavy snow threatens to collapse more roofs before it melts . Some roofs already have crumbled , but rain may collapse more , in part because the already heavy snow perched atop buildings will soak up this weekend 's rain before it melts , Erie County officials have said . About 30 roofs collapsed from Thursday night into Friday morning , Erie County Deputy Executive Richard Tobe said . Some major roads opened on Friday , like the New York State Thruway , and some local driving bans were lifted . That allowed trucks to move so food could be delivered to stores and crews could remove abandoned vehicles , Cuomo said . He added that no one should drive unless necessary . "  If you have a nonessential purpose , now is not the time to be driving around , " Cuomo said . "  The roads are still dangerous . " Snow and vehicle removals still are major tasks ahead . Erie County crews have had to deal with clearing 1,800 lane-miles of county roads before getting to residential streets , Poloncarz said Friday . Cities and towns may have had more success with residential areas ; 93 % of hard-hit south Buffalo 's residential streets had been plowed at least once by Friday , Mayor Bryon Brown said . Man found dead in vehicle ; senior dies after evacuation The latest of the 13 deaths to be counted is a 68-year-old man who died of a heart attack while snowplowing his driveway in Cheektowaga , according to Erie County Spokesman Benjamin Swanekamp . The death toll also includes one senior citizen who died of natural causes after or while the person was evacuated Thursday from a nursing home in Cheektowaga , officials said . Earlier , authorities said two people had died , but they corrected themselves at an afternoon news conference . And the storm forced the NFL to announce that Sunday 's game between the Buffalo Bills and the New York Jets , scheduled to be played at the Bills ' Ralph Wilson Stadium , will take place at Detroit 's Ford Field on Monday night . But even leaving the Buffalo area had its complications . Before meeting at the Bills ' stadium Friday morning to get on a bus to the airport , some of the players had to be picked up by snowmobile because of driving bans in certain areas , team spokesman Scott Berchtold said . Seeking shelter At the Winchester Volunteer Fire Company station on Harlem Street , as many as 40 people stranded in the snow have sought shelter since Tuesday . More than 6 feet of snow cover the streets . Abandoned cars are barely visible under the drifts . Fire trucks ca n't leave the station . Attempts by firefighters to get out in an SUV were futile . One medic hopped onto a snowmobile to rush to a call . Other volunteers jumped onto ATVs to reach a home where the roof was buckling under the weight of the snow . Maria Odom 's two cats and a dog were rescued from the house . "  I 'm ready for it to end , " Odom , 38 , said of the extreme weather . "  I 've lived here my whole life and I 've never seen anything like this . " At the fire station , driver Steve Randall 's truckload of milk and eggs has served as the main source of provisions . Randall said he was stuck in his truck for nearly five hours before making his way to the firehouse , where people have been sleeping on tables to stay off the cold floor . "  We 've been eating like kings for a while , but now we 're running out of food , " he said . Firehouse occupants have been making quiche , served with milk and bread from a store across the street . From the Tops grocery store nearby , people hauling bags of food headed out into the snow by foot . One man dragged groceries in a sled ; another pulled his child through the snow in a laundry basket . Robert Mead embarked on a 5-mile trek to bring formula to his 9-month-old baby . Nearly a year 's snowfall in three days Residents just stared out their windows at the mounds of white stuff , if they could see out at all . In East Aurora , Lisa Gutekunst 's home was capped with more than 4 feet of snow , she said Thursday . "  The snow is coming down so hard you ca n't see out the window , " she said . "  We 've cleared our driveway so many times that we 've run out of places to put the snow . " The 86 inches that fell in some areas in three days is a year 's worth of snow . In a typical year , Buffalo 's snowfall totals about 7 feet , according to the National Weather Service . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Buffalo area is now under a flood warning Death toll reaches 13 Authorities worry some buildings could collapse when snow sops up rain An NFL game moved to Detroit 's Ford Field on Monday
CNN  -- Take advantage of the long weekend with a jolt to your senses . We asked iReporters to share photos of their favorite theme park thrills .	Check out CNN.com readers ' theme park photos Or dip in on the world 's craziest water slides
Washington  CNN  -- A "  top kill " method intended to stop the runaway flow of oil in the Gulf of Mexico will likely be tried early next week , BP Chief Operating Officer Doug Suttles said Friday . In the procedure , thick , viscous fluid twice the density of water will be pumped at a high rate into the site of the leak to stop the flow so that it can then be sealed with cement , Suttles said . "  Our best estimate is probably Tuesday , " he said , noting that the operation has never been tried in such deep water . The timing for the "  top kill " effort appears to be slipping : BP Managing Director Bo Dudley said Thursday night that the company would try the procedure this weekend . Suttles offered no explanation for the discrepancy . "  We 're working very , very hard with BP on the timeline for the ` top kill , ' " said U.S. Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen , national incident commander . "  That 's the ultimate near-term solution . " Obama announces oil spill commission BP is working to assemble "  a massive amount of equipment " at the site , Suttles said , including three deep-water rigs , drilling rigs , sub-sea support vessels and up to 16 robotic submarines . "  These operations are quite complex , and we wo n't start the job until all the equipment has been staged and all the equipment is in place , " he said . But no one expects the effort to solve all the problems associated with the spill . "  We will not rest , even if they secure the flow , even if this ` top kill ' is completed successfully next week , " Coast Guard Rear Adm. Mary Landry said . "  We have a long row to hoe " to ensure that the damage that has already occurred is mitigated . Landry expressed disappointment Friday over BP 's efforts to clean up oil on the shores of Terrebonne Parish , Louisiana . Though boom and skimmers had been staged there , "  the folks were hesitating in deploying that , " she said . Asked to what degree it will be possible to clean oil from the marshes , Allen said that oil in the marshes is "  the worst-case scenario for us to deal with in terms of recovery . " That 's because mechanical cleanup can do more harm than good , he said . "  In some cases , burning may be an acceptable solution , " he said . Any such decision would be made on the scene in consultation with representatives of the state and the parishes involved , he said . But officials had unqualified praise for the weather , which has been cooperating fully in recent days , leaving the seas dead calm . "  These are ideal conditions for skimming , " Landry said , noting that the percentage skimmed has risen to at least 50 percent from the typical 10 percent . Sub-sea dispersants are also being used , she said , "  so we 're not seeing a lot of oil coming to the surface . " On Thursday , the Environmental Protection Agency ordered BP to find a less toxic chemical to break up the oil than the one it has been using , Corexit 9500 . The chemical has been rated more toxic and less effective than many others on the list of 18 EPA-approved dispersants , according to testimony at a congressional hearing Wednesday . BP has found no immediate replacement candidate , Suttles said . "  Our analysis that we submitted to EPA last night said there were no other dispersants we could identify that were available and less toxic , " he said . BP was to meet later Friday with the EPA to discuss alternatives , he said . As the continuing spill enters its second month , debate and concern have focused on just how much oil is spewing from the broken riser a mile below the surface . A federal technical team comprising scientists from the federal government and academia has been charged with estimating the flow rate based on video and other data . The estimate will be peer-reviewed and "  given rigorous oversight by the federal government and academia , " Landry said . That estimate is likely to be complete "  sometime next week , " she said . BP has estimated the flow at 5,000 barrels per day , but independent estimates have exceeded that by many times , and Suttles acknowledged Friday that the company 's estimate contains "  a huge amount of uncertainty . " The 5,000-barrel figure translates into 210,000 gallons per day . That 's 8,750 gallons per hour , 145.8 gallons per minute and 2.4 gallons per second . Suttles said he flew over the region Friday morning and saw no oil close to the coasts of Alabama , Mississippi or Florida . But oil has shown up in seven locations on shore so far , with no new sightings in the past day , according to Suttles . He said cleanup activities were going on in each location . Other efforts to stanch the leak continue . Drilling of the first of two relief wells has reached 8,950 feet , said Lars Herbst , regional director for the Gulf of Mexico of the Minerals Management Service , and work on the other has begun . U.S. Rep. Charlie Melancon , D-Louisiana , concerned about people who are working to clean up the spill , has asked the White House to set up temporary health care centers along the Gulf Coast to serve volunteers and workers . Melancon envisions such clinics as providing "  medical checkups to people who have come in contact with the oil and assist -LSB- ing -RSB- in monitoring the health effects of the oil leak on south Louisianians . " He sent the request Wednesday to Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius . There was no immediate response from the agency . Track the Gulf oil spill "  Many residents and volunteers are being exposed to hazardous materials on a daily basis , and some will have to travel hours to get treatment at the nearest health care facility . It is imperative that temporary health care clinics be established to provide basic health care services in this geographic area , " he said . He has also asked Sebelius to "  appoint a health care coordinator to oversee and streamline the health care response . " Melancon emphasized that BP should be responsible for such health care services in his state . The energy giant was operating the oil rig that exploded and sank in April , triggering the spill . iReport : Track the spill , share stories The spill began with an April 20 explosion and fire that sank the drill rig Deepwater Horizon two days later . Eleven workers were lost with the rig , which was owned by drilling contractor Transocean and hired by BP . The resulting slick now threatens the coastal marshes of southeastern Louisiana , where brown , syrupy oil made it past protective booms and into the wetlands near the mouth of the Mississippi River on Wednesday . CNN 's Ed Henry , Ed Lavandera , Marylynn Ryan and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	BP to try pumping fluid into well to stop Gulf oil leak Burning marshes hit by oil may be an option , Coast Guard says Congressman calls for temporary centers on Gulf Coast to address health worries Estimate of amount of oil pumping into Gulf grows
Rolling Stone  -- How can a serious bluesman thrive in the age of Auto-Tune ? That 's the question Gary Clark Jr. grapples with on his major label debut . Since his teens , Clark has been the young titan of Texas blues , coming out of Austin in the early 2000s with a smoothly long-suffering voice and one hell of a mean guitar tone , playing solos that claw and scream their stories with ornery splendor . He 's a full-fledged guitar hero of the classic school . And that 's all he would need to be , if he only wanted to spend his career playing for roots-music die-hards and recording for his own Hotwire Unlimited , the Austin label that released his albums from 2004 to 2010 . But Clark , 28 , has a different trajectory and a much larger goal : to reach his own generation , the one that grew up on hip-hop and R&B . Clark spreads his musical bets on "  Blak and Blu . " Instead of having one signature sound , he tries a dozen , delving into modern R&B , retro soul , psychedelia and garage rock . A handful of the album 's songs are cherry-picked from Clark 's Hotwire catalog , remade in studios that make everything sound bigger and tougher . Abetted by producers Mike Elizondo  Dr. Dre , Fiona Apple  and Rob Cavallo  Green Day  , Clark is clearly aware that young listeners have heard the Black Keys , Prince and the Roots . Although most songs have a live , hand-played flavor , a few of them -- including the title track -- tilt toward the static , looplike grooves of hip-hop . Videos : Gary Clark Jr. . Plays New Songs at Rolling Stone Studio The album 's core is still the blues . Clark dips into the historical timeline , sampling a juke joint 's worth of 20th-century styles : from the rural slide-guitar picking of "  Next Door Neighbor Blues " to the desolate tidings and incendiary lead guitar of "  When My Train Pulls In " to the Cream-y riffing and layering of "  Glitter Ai n't Gold . " But Clark wo n't be genre-bound . "  Ai n't Messin ' ` Round " is pushy , updated Stax-Volt soul with Clark 's fuzztone leading the charge of a horn section . "  Things Are Changin ' " makes another Memphis move with a fat Al Green-style backbeat . As an album , Blak and Blu makes for a bumpy ride . The roaring , distortion-soaked blues of "  Numb " -- which sounds something like Stevie Ray Vaughan tackling "  Come Together " -- upstages the falsetto croon and string arrangement of "  Please Come Home . " The souped-up Chuck Berry boogie of "  Travis County " collides with "  The Life , " which has Clark ruminating over woozy , echoey keyboards : "  Ca n't go on like this/Knowing that I 'm just getting high . " Clark and Warner Bros. clearly expect listeners to carve their own playlists from the album 's 13 tracks . Outside the structures of the blues , Clark is still a journey-man songwriter , sometimes settling for easy rhymes and singsong melodies , as he does in "  Blak and Blu , " which aspires to the thoughtfulness of Marvin Gaye , wondering , "  How do we get lifted/How do we not go insane ? " Give Clark credit for striving to be something more than a blues-rock throwback and singing from a troubled heart . And hope that he gets through the narrow portals of pop radio . But on this album , it 's still his blues that cut deepest . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Clark spreads his musical bets on "  Blak and Blu " Clark has been the young titan of Texas blues , coming out of Austin in the early 2000s Instead of having one signature sound , he delves into modern R&B , retro soul
CNN  -- On Friday , AOL chief Tim Armstrong apparently fired AOL Patch.com Creative Director Abel Lenz during a conference call with some 1,000 employees listening . The CEO was explaining changes at Patch that would reduce the number of sites in its local news network from 900 to 600 . During the call , according to a number of sources , Armstrong told Lenz to put his camera down and then , in the same breath , told him he was fired . Then Armstrong resumed his conference call . It 's hard to know from the audio of his remarks -- which rocketed around online after the incident , drawing mainly derision and shock -- the complete circumstances of the exchange . On the face of it , though , it did n't sound so good . Was it good leadership ? One of the top capabilities for adults in leadership roles is the ability to manage emotions even under the most trying circumstances . This self-awareness and self-management is part of being emotionally intelligent . Leaders ' behavior has tremendous impact on others . Not only does it affect morale and productivity , it also provides the behavioral model for others who look up to the person in power . CEOs more than most have to manage the elegant balance of communicating tough messages in a straightforward manner but with a respectful style . They are representing themselves and the culture of their organizations to the world . There was a better way for Armstrong to have expressed his frustration at Lenz . Armstrong was conducting a conference call to a huge number of employees , and he was trying to deliver a tough message to them . No doubt Lenz 's taking photos of him during this call irritated and might have distracted Armstrong from his focused message . As humans , we all get stressed , have rough days and get triggered emotionally by the behavior of others . In fact , those of us with the highest standards of performance tend to have the strongest reactions . But that does n't give license for us to react impulsively . Would we say to a colleague who is talking nonsense : "  You are stupid ? " Likely not . If we needed to convey dissatisfaction with an employee 's conduct , we do it privately so as not to humiliate the colleague and make ourselves appear heartless to others . At the same time , Armstrong had the right to feel annoyed . He was trying to give a difficult talk . What should he have done ? Remembering his role as a leader , he should have sternly told Lenz his behavior was distracting and that if he did n't stop , there would be consequences . If Lenz became insubordinate , Armstrong should not have lost his temper but should have made a decision to deal with the behavior at a later time . And that 's after he did his due diligence with his human resources department . And he would advise Lenz that a confrontation was not productive while he was conducting a conference call , but that there would be discussions in private . The outcome might have been the same but would have seemed to follow from reasonable judgment and not a knee-jerk emotional reaction . I do n't know the CEO in question and his relationship with the employee . There may be much more going on than we know at this point . But given Armstrong 's leadership role , I would coach him to be accountable for what may have appeared to the listeners to be impulsive behavior and to do some damage control . Most people are forgiving when they know their leaders are human . But they respect and are inspired by the leader who demonstrates humility , accountability and willingness to admit and learn from mistakes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marilyn Puder-York .	Marilyn Puder-York : AOL chief apparently publicly fired employee on conference call She says leaders need to manage their emotions , even under trying circumstances She says employee may have been annoying , but boss should have dealt with it privately Writer : CEO should do damage control : employees respect accountability , humility
CNN  -- A story this week by the Associated Press has caused quite a stir , especially among African-Americans , when multiple news outlets ran it with the attention-grabbing headline , "  Some black pastors are telling their flocks to stay home Election Day . " The New York Daily News ran the story , along with the Fort Worth Star-Telegram , Newsday , and a host of conservative websites such as HotAir and NewsMax . When I first saw the headline , I was stunned , especially knowing the blood that has been shed over the years by African-Americans and others to gain the precious right to vote . I read the more than 1,300-word story by Rachel Zoll , with a contribution from Bill Barrow . The first line was "  Some black clergy see no good presidential choice between a Mormon candidate and one who supports gay marriage , so they are telling their flocks to stay home on Election Day . " Nothing in the story legitimately backed up that first line . Anybody who had read the full article would know that . In reading the piece , Zoll and Barrow quote or mention pastors A.R. Bernard , Jamal Bryant , George Nelson Jr. , Floyd James , and Howard-John Wesley , Lin Hill and Dwight McKissic . Politics : Is Obama taking black vote for granted ? Not a single one of these pastors was quoted as saying they have or plan to tell their congregations not to vote in the presidential election . Not one . Several expressed misgivings about President Barack Obama 's support for same-sex marriage , and others had negative thoughts about Mitt Romney being a Mormon or the effect of his policies on their congregants . One said he has n't decided whom he will vote for , and McKissic said he 'll go fishing on Election Day . But not a one said they were telling their members not to vote . The only time this assertion that pastors are telling their congregations to stay home comes from a quote , lifted from another newspaper . The story quotes Bryant as telling the Washington Informer , "  This is the first time in black church history that I 'm aware of that black pastors have encouraged their parishioners not to vote . " The reporters could n't reach him to ask him about it , but going ahead and using the quote is suspect . The writers provide no specifics , no context , or anything else . Bryant said he was aware of this , not that he knew anyone . This is third-hand reporting . Unless you as a reporter know of specific pastors telling their congregations not to vote , it 's wrong to make the assumption . Bryant even tweeted the AP after the story ran : "  WHEN did you contact @jamalhbryant < https://twitter.com/jamalhbryant > in order to get his statement on voting ? you need to revisit this & be accurate . " Pastors recommending that their followers stay home on Election Day would be jeopardizing their 501  c   3  status with the IRS . A pastor can say whom he or she is personally supporting , but directing their congregations not to vote for a candidate would be a violation of federal law . So these news outlets that ran the story could not have read the piece . If they did , they need to explain to their readers why they ran it . When contacted about this story , the AP said it "  stands by the version of the story that we distributed , separate and apart from versions that deviated from our own text . " But I believe AP should thoroughly examine its internal controls because that story has other fundamental problems . It is clear that Zoll and Barrow chose to ignore compelling data that undercuts the article 's general thesis . If you look at any polling data , it is clear that African-Americans overwhelmingly are going to vote for Obama . One recent poll says he will get 94 % of the black vote . Surely , there are black Christians among that particular group . Can AP explain why this recent polling was missing from this story ? Surely the facts could put their story in perspective . Second , the Obama campaign has an extensive faith-based outreach among African-American pastors , and the president has participated in conference calls with them , including one on the day he announced his support for same-sex marriage . Political ticker : Black pastors group launches anti-Obama campaign around gay marriage Why did n't Zoll or Barrow make mention of that or try to reach out to them ? That 's Journalism 101 . Last , it 's nonsensical to quote several black pastors who have misgivings about positions taken by Obama and Romney and conclude that "  African-American Christians waver over vote , " as the first headline provided by AP said . No , maybe those individuals are wavering , but the evidence is clear that a super-majority of African-Americans , including Christians , are clear as to which candidate they are voting for in November . There is no denying that Obama 's same-sex marriage position caused tremendous discussion in the black community , and I have heard from a handful of folks who say that has changed their view of him and dampened their enthusiasm to support him for a second term . But I would never offer up a sweeping claim that it is as widespread as Zoll and Barrow suggest . Some would say this is internal journalism stuff . I disagree . This story has led to editorials blasting black pastors ; caused some mentioned in the article to feel obliged to come out and state who they will endorse ; and has led to consternation among the general public . Our job in the media is to inform and enlighten , not confuse . Running such a confusing , unsupported story lacking basic context and perspective does not serve the public at all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	AP article caused consternation by asserting black pastors urging flocks not to vote Roland Martin says story did not back that up with real evidence or context Martin : No pastor quoted in the story said he told congregants to stay home on Election Day Martin : President 's gay marriage stance is of concern , but vast majority of blacks support him
Mashable  -- Hulu 's premium service Hulu Plus , which launched as a preview in July and recently opened up to everyone , is now out of testing period and has a new price tag of $ 7.99 per month . Hulu Plus gives subscribers access to all the episodes in a season of popular shows such as "  Glee , " "  House , " "  The Office , " "  Modern Family , " "  30 Rock , " "  Grey 's Anatomy " and others . It also lets subscribers watch the shows on devices such as the iPad , iPhone , PS3 and  newly added  Roku , with support for Xbox 360 , TiVo Premiere DVRs , and many Internet-enabled HDTVs , Blu-ray players and media centers coming in the following months . Originally , Hulu Plus cost $ 9.99 ; current subscribers who joined during the preview period will receive a credit for the difference from the original price , which will automatically be applied to their next billing cycle . Recently , Hulu shared some impressive stats : 30 million users and an estimated $ 240 million in revenue in 2010 . The price drop for the Hulu Plus service , however , probably means that interest from subscribers was lacking ; we 'll see how the service will do at the lower price point . Unfortunately for folks outside of the U.S. , Hulu is still only available in that country , despite recent hints that it plans to expand internationally soon . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Hulu 's premium service Hulu Plus launched as a preview in July Service gives subscribers access to all the episodes in a season of popular shows Hulu Plus also lets subscribers watch the shows on your TV or phone
The death rate due to cancer has declined in the United States in recent years , largely due to better prevention and treatment . In fact , 650,000 lives were spared from cancer between 1990 to 2005 , according to new statistics from the American Cancer Society . Experts say prevention and improved treatment has lowered the U.S. cancer death rate . During the 15-year period , the cancer death rate among men dropped by 19.2 percent , mainly due to decreases in lung , prostate , and colon cancer deaths . In women , the cancer death rate fell by 11.4 percent , largely due to a drop in breast and colorectal cancer deaths . "  This is good news because cancer death rates have continued to decrease since the early 1990s because of prevention and improved treatment for many cancers , " said lead author Dr. Ahmedin Jemal , the strategic director of cancer surveillance at the American Cancer Society in Atlanta , Georgia . "  We have to be optimistic based on the trends . We are on the right track . " The findings are published in the July/August issue of CA : A Cancer Journal for Clinicians . Despite the optimism , however , there is still much work to be done to win the war on cancer , experts stress . There will be close to 1.5 million new cancer diagnoses in the U.S. in 2009 , and 562,340 people are expected to die of the disease . This means that more than 1,500 people will die of cancer each day in 2009 ; the most common lethal cancers in men and women are lung , prostate , breast , and colon cancers . Health.com : How to avoid colorectal cancer A drop in hormone replacement therapy leads to a decline in breast cancer cases The decrease in deaths from breast cancer accounted for 37 percent of the reduction in the death rate among women during the 15-year period . "  Any life spared from cancer or serious illness is a victory , but success comes in little steps -- one life at a time , " said Dr. Marisa Weiss , the president and founder of advocacy group Breastcancer.org and the author of several books , including Taking Care of Your Girls : A Breast Health Guide for Girls , Teens , and In-Betweens . Weiss is also the director of breast radiation oncology and breast health outreach at Lankenau Hospital in Wynnewood , Pennsylvania . "  It 's great news that a large chunk of the decreased death rates in women can be attributed to breast cancer , " she said . This is largely due to a decreased use of hormone replacement therapy  HRT  , which has been shown to increase a woman 's risk of developing breast cancer . HRT fell from grace after a large government-funded study known as the Women 's Health Initiative was stopped early because the risks of HRT , including an increased risk of breast cancer , greatly outnumbered the benefits of the therapy . Health.com : What breast cancer really feels like Another reason for the decline in breast cancer deaths , however , is delayed diagnosis due to the fact that many women are not getting their yearly X-ray or mammogram . "  Fewer women are getting mammography and that 's why fewer women are getting diagnosed with breast cancer , so eventually that will come back and bite us in the rear end , " Weiss said . Black women continue to die of breast cancer at a greater rate than their white counterparts , she pointed out . What 's more , the current obesity epidemic may fuel a rise in the rates . "  Fat makes extra hormones , which lead to extra cell activity and extra abnormal cell activity , " she said . "  Fat is a storing facility for hormonally active pollutants , so if you are overweight , you 're more likely to hold on to some chemicals in the environment that enter your body from food and water . " Health.com : How to keep your food cravings at bay while you lose weight And that 's not all : "  Fat brings on puberty earlier and early puberty is a risk factor for breast cancer , " Weiss said . "  These areas of disappointment are areas of opportunity , " she added . But greater efforts are needed to encourage healthy eating and exercise to help combat obesity , especially in adolescents , she said . Health.com : Melt pounds with mix-and-match cardio routines Another encouraging sign is a drop in colorectal cancer deaths due to better and more widespread screening . "  Colorectal cancer screening saves lives because it detects cancer at early stages when treatment is more effective , and it also removes precancerous lesions , " said Jemal . The current recommendation for people at average risk of colon cancer is to get regular screening tests starting at age 50 . Not all good news Death rates from breast and colon cancers are falling , but the death rates from pancreatic  women  , liver  men and women  , and esophageal cancer  men  are increasing -- largely because of the obesity epidemic . Among men , death rates for the fatal form of skin cancer melanoma are also on the rise . Although there has been a decrease in lung cancer deaths among men  due to smoking-cessation efforts  , the death rates for women with lung cancer are still on the rise . Lung cancer is expected to account for 26 percent of all cancer deaths in women in 2009 , according to the new statistics . Health.com : My smoker 's cough turned out to be emphysema "  We have n't seen a decrease here yet , but cigarette smoking in women peaked about 20 years later than it did in men , " Jemal said . He predicts a decrease in lung cancer deaths in women in the next 5 years . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	American Cancer Society estimates 650,000 lives spared from cancer 1990 to 2005 Cancer death rate for men dropped by 19.2 percent , in women , 11.4 percent Drop in breast cancer attributed to decreased use of hormone replacement therapy
CNN  -- Radovan Karadzic , whose Interpol charges listed "  flamboyant behavior " as a distinguishing characteristic , was a practicing psychiatrist who came to be nicknamed the "  Butcher of Bosnia . " Twice indicted in 1995 by the U.N. International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia , Karadzic faces charges of genocide over the massacre of nearly 8,000 Muslim men and boys at Srebrenica , and nine other charges related to ethnic violence during the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s . He had filed a motion seeking acquittal on all 11 counts in June , but was successful on only one . While president of the so-called Serbian Republic of Bosnia-Herzegovina , Karadzic 's troops were reported to have massacred over hundreds of thousands of Muslims and Croats during a campaign of "  ethnic cleansing . " Early estimates of the death toll from the 3-year war ranged up to 300,000 , but recent research reduced that to about 100,000 . The U.S. State Department had a $ 5 million reward for information leading to his capture . His arrest brings an end to more than 10 years as a fugitive . Karadzic was born on June 19 , 1945 , in Petnjica , Montenegro . He studied psychiatry and medicine at the University of Sarajevo during the 1960s and took courses in psychiatry and poetry at Columbia University from 1974 to 1975 . Karadzic , a Serb-Croat , in 1990 helped found the Serbian Democratic Party  SDS  , a party aimed at unifying Serbs into a common state , and became its president . Two years later , he became president of the newly declared Serbian Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina , later called "  Republika Srpska . " During the next three years , he ordered Bosnian Serb forces to seize the majority of Bosnia and Herzegovina . He also announced , according to his U.N. indictment , six "  strategic objectives " for the Serbian people . They included the establishment of state borders between the Serbs and the other two ethnic communities , Bosnian Muslims and Bosnian Croats . Answering to him , according to the indictment , was Bosnian Serb military commander Ratko Mladic . From May 1992 , the indictment alleged , Bosnian Serb forces under Mladic 's command targeted civilian areas of Sarajevo with shelling and sniping during a three-year conflict within the city . In July 1995 , according to the U.N. indictment , troops under Mladic 's command executed an estimated 7,000 Bosnian Muslim male prisoners in Srebrenica , a U.N. safe area , and then participated in a comprehensive effort to conceal the killings . The massacre is considered the worst in Europe since World War II . The indictment states that Bosnian Serb forces acted under Karadzic 's direction and worked to "  significantly reduce the Bosnian Muslim , Bosnian Croat and other non-Serb populations " in municipalities that were seized . Karadzic was last seen in public in September 1996 , a year after the Dayton Peace Accords brought a formal end to the conflict and banned anyone accused of war crimes , including him , from office . He reportedly shaved his trademark bushy hair , grew a beard and donned priest 's robes , moving from monastery to monastery in the mountains to avoid capture . CNN correspondent Alessio Vinci said in 2008 : "  He enjoyed protection from the local population , wherever he was hiding . Legend has it he disguised himself as a priest to take part in his mother 's funeral . "  In 2002 , after NATO launched one of its many failed raids to try to arrest Karadzic in Bosnia , I interviewed his mother . At that time she said : ` Serbs are righteous people and I can see that they support him , and that they adore him the way he is . They would lose their lives to protect him . ' " Despite years on the run , Karadzic wrote "  Miraculous Chronicles of the Night " -- 1,200 copies of which sold out at the 2004 Belgrade International Book Fair . After his arrest was announced , Serb officials revealed the final chapter of his life on the run had seen Karadic reprise his medical role , working in a clinic in Belgrade under a false identity and heavily disguised by a white beard , long hair and spectacles .	Radovan Karadzic faces 10 charges , including genocide over the Srebrenica massacre The ` Butcher of Bosnia ' was the leader of the breakaway Serb Republic in Bosnia in the 1990s Karadzic 's troops allegedly ` ethnically cleansed ' thousands of Muslims and Croats
CNN  -- From faraway planets to the deepest depths of the ocean , 2012 has been an exciting year for scientific achievements and milestones . Humans broke previously unimaginable barriers by detecting an elusive tiny particle and free-falling 24 miles from the edge of space . At the same time , we said goodbye to four retired NASA space shuttles that found new museum-type homes . Here 's our list of the biggest science achievements this year , in order of significance : 1 . Curiosity lands , performs science on Mars Every time I hear the word "  curiosity " in a sentence , I 'm tempted to butt in and ask if you 're talking about the Mars rover Curiosity . She 's really there ! On Mars ! Right now ! And people are driving it !  Forgive me , I get excited about this . Landing this 2-ton rover flawlessly on the surface of Mars is our choice for the most exciting science moment of 2012 . You can see from NASA 's "  seven minutes of terror " video how crazy-complicated that was -- the landing process included a supersonic parachute and a sky crane . I 'll never forget watching the live NASA feed with hundreds of other science enthusiasts at Georgia Institute of Technology in the first hours of August 6 . James Wray , assistant professor at Georgia Tech , who is affiliated with Curiosity 's science team , was next to me , rubbing his hands together in anticipation . And when the landing was confirmed , the room erupted in cheers and shouts . This was only one of many gatherings around the world celebrating this achievement . And then there 's all the stuff Curiosity 's been doing since then , such as taking gorgeous photos , finding shiny objects , and coming across evidence that water once flowed on Mars . We ca n't wait to see what Curiosity will do in 2013 . 2 . Higgs boson -- it 's real One of the most highly anticipated discoveries in all of physics happened this year -- well , probably . Scientists at CERN , the European Organization for Nuclear Research , said they used the Large Hadron Collider to detect a particle whose characteristics matched those of the Higgs boson . What is the Higgs boson , you ask ? It 's basically a component of an invisible field , called the Higgs field , that is responsible for the mass of all the matter in the universe . In essence , it is why we are here . Finding this particle , sometimes referred to as the "  God particle " in popular culture , will fill a large gap in scientists ' understanding about how the universe works . But it 's not "  God " in the way that you might think . Nobel Prize-winning physicist Leon Lederman wrote a book with "  God Particle " in the title , but reportedly said he 'd actually wanted to call it the "  Goddamn Particle . " But wait , what about its mass ? The two most precise ways that the particle has been measured have yielded slightly different values for its mass , said Beate Heinemann , scientist with the ATLAS experiment at the Large Hadron Collider . But these measurements are consistent , and with more data that difference should get smaller . "  It all points at the moment to that this is indeed the Higgs boson , " she said in an e-mail . More results are expected in March 2013 , she said . 3 . James Cameron 's deep dive He did n't find The Heart of the Ocean necklace , but director James Cameron did probe the remotest depths of the ocean this year . In fact , using his one-man submersible , the maker of "  Titanic " and "  Avatar " traveled to the deepest known point in the world 's oceans . Cameron is the first to go alone to Challenger Deep , the name for that part of the Mariana Trench in the western Pacific Ocean . Here 's a mind-boggling fact : Mariana Trench is deeper than Mount Everest is tall . Only two other humans have ever visited it . In this cold , dark place , miles beneath the ocean 's surface , Cameron said he did not see any fish , but did spot some "  shrimplike animals . " It took him 2 hours , 36 minutes , to get down there . "  It 's a completely alien world , " Cameron said . 4 . Felix Baumgartner 's record-breaking jump Austrian daredevil Felix Baumgartner broke the speed of sound in October by jumping from the edge of space . He got up there on a balloon , then stepped off a platform 24 miles high and landed soon after in the New Mexico desert . Baumgartner wore a 100-pound pressurized flight suit and helmet . Without protection , his blood would have been vaporized because the atmosphere was so thin when he jumped . The temperature at his launch point was estimated at 70 degrees below zero Fahrenheit , if not lower . In doing so , Baumgartner broke the record for highest jump that had been set in 1960 by Col. Joe Kittinger . As part of a U.S. Air Force mission , Kittinger fell from 102,800 feet . He was a consultant for Baumgartner 's efforts . Technology behind how he did it 5 . Planet with four suns You may recall a scene from "  Star Wars " where Luke Skywalker looks out across the landscape of a planet called Tatooine , which had two suns . This year , amateur scientists discovered that in reality , there is a planet with not just two , but four , suns . This planet , called PH1 , is special for another reason : It 's the first confirmed planet that the Planet Hunters group has identified . Planet Hunters is a citizen science organization , made of people just like you , who are combing through planet data . The group has also helped identify several planet candidates . Learn more at planethunters.org . 6 . Nearby star has a planet The closest planet we know of to Earth , outside of our solar system , was identified in October . This planet orbits a star called Alpha Centauri B. It 's unlikely to harbor life , but there 's hope that other potential planets in that area might be more hospitable to breathing creatures . Of course , when we say "  close , " we mean 4 light-years , or 23.5 trillion miles , away . About 800 planets have been confirmed to exist outside our solar system , in addition to nearly 2,000 planet candidates found with the Kepler mission . 7 . Vesta becomes a ` protoplanet ' NASA 's Dawn spacecraft helped scientists to determine that Vesta , originally thought of as an asteroid , is a "  protoplanet . " That means that its structure has a dense , layered body , and it orbits the sun . What 's the difference between a protoplanet and a planet ? It appears that something interrupted the development of protoplanets , which are n't fully formed , so they do n't quite make the cut as full-fledged planets . 8 . Bye-bye , space shuttles In 2011 , we said goodbye to NASA 's Space Shuttle Program . This year , we saw the four surviving orbiters making Earthly journeys -- whether flown or towed -- to new homes at museums and similar attractions . Discovery is at the Udvar-Hazy Center at the Smithsonian Institution 's National Air and Space Museum in Chantilly , Virginia . It flew on the back of a 747 from Kennedy Space Center . This is the most traveled of the space shuttles . Enterprise is at the Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum in New York . This shuttle never actually went into space , but it was carried on a 747 jet from Washington to New York in June . It was originally designed as a prototype test vehicle . Endeavour is at the California Science Center in Los Angeles , having flown from Kennedy Space Center on the back of a 747 . To make room for it to be towed through the city , dozens of trees were cut down and traffic signs removed . Atlantis is at the Kennedy Space Center in Merritt Island , Florida . It was the last space shuttle to go to space , and the last to come to rest this year . Unlike the other shuttles , which made flyovers in various parts of the United States , Atlantis moved only 10 miles , towed by land to the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex in November . The other two shuttles -- Challenger and Columbia -- did not make it back to Earth after accidents that killed their entire crews . 9 . SpaceX gets to the space station , and back No NASA shuttles flew in 2012 , but a private company called SpaceX successfully sent almost 900 pounds of cargo to the international space station in its first official mission in October . The Dragon capsule came back with nearly 1,700 pounds of freight . This was only months after the SpaceX demonstration flight in May . NASA and SpaceX have a contract for a dozen flights to the space station , and the October trip was just the first . SpaceX is n't the only player in this commercial spaceflight arena . Virgin Galactic , Sir Richard Branson 's private spaceflight company , recently completed a high-altitude test . Orbital Sciences is also under contract with NASA , and will also launch a demonstration flight . 10 . Baby 's DNA constructed before birth For the first time , researchers at the University of Washington were able to construct a near-total genome sequence of a fetus , using a blood sample from the mother and saliva from the father . The study suggested this method could be used to detect thousands of genetic diseases in children while they are still in the fetal stage . In the long run , it could help scientists derive new insights about genetic diseases . Right now , this sequencing costs in the neighborhood of $ 50,000 , but given how rapidly the price of genetic testing is falling , the process may become less expensive over time . Of course , it also raises ethical issues about selecting certain desirable traits in children . For right now , however , the technology is still in its early stages . What were your favorite science stories this year ? Share them in the comments .	The Mars rover Curiosity landed on the surface of the Red Planet in August Scientists detected a particle whose properties match those of the elusive Higgs boson A planet with four suns was identified by citizen scientists Four retired space shuttles found new homes in 2013
CNN  -- Icy beers , empty beaches . It 's a compelling image , but it captures only a feeble percentage of the diversity and excellence that imbues one of the most incredible countries in the world . Here are 10 things Mexico does better than anywhere else . Celebrating death Plenty of cultures do ancestor worship . But who else turns the commemoration of their dearly departed into an annual fiesta of art , food and community ? On November 1 , aka the Day of the Dead , Mexicans put together ofrendas  shrines  for loved ones who have passed away . Every ofrenda includes pictures of the deceased , food , drinks , skull-shaped candies , candles and cempasuchil , the Aztec marigold or flower of the dead . The belief is that souls of children come back to earth to visit family and friends on November 1 and the souls of adults do the same on November 2 . Day of the Dead festivals take place across Mexico . Three of the most elaborate are held in San Andrés Mixquic  in Tláhuac , Mexico City  , Patzcuaro , Michoacán and Janitzio , Michoacán . Horn sections From symphony orchestras to oompah bands to soul and R&B horn sections , everyone loves a blast of brass . Whereas most countries tend to save their horns for parties and special occasions , however , Mexico kicks out the brass jams on a daily basis . Where else can you hear tubas -- actual tubas ! -- laying down bass lines on the radio every hour of the week ? It all comes down to bandas , the heart of both traditional and popular genres of Mexican music . Bandas are typically comprised of 10 to 20 musicians who play brass instruments , woodwinds and various percussion . Every Mexico traveler is charmed by mariachi , but bandas are a part of several broader genres , the most characteristic being ranchera , quebradita and corridos . Tequila Mexico 's national liquor is a worldwide bar standard , with exports to 96 countries . But do n't come to Mexico expecting to impress locals by chugging a syrupy sweet margarita or knocking down manly shots all night . Tequila is meant to be sipped and savored , like fine whiskey , which , as any Mexican will tell you , the best tequila can compete with . You can get a taste of the top-shelf stuff on the Tequila Trail , which includes some of the country 's most renowned distilleries . Alternates are The Tequila Express tour operated by Casa Herradura and the Jose Cuervo Express tour . Curing hangovers Mexican parties are notorious for going berserk in the blink of a bleary eye . That , of course , leads to a familiar disaster the following morning . Fortunately , Mexico 's kitchens spring to life with the best hangover grub on the planet . Wake up , guzzle water then inhale some spicy chilaquiles , carnitas  pork  or barbacoa  sheep  tacos with hot sauce and plenty of revitalizing grease -- maybe slam a light breakfast beer if you 're in really rough shape -- and you 'll be back making requests from the band by nightfall . Double entendre  Albur Called "  albur " in Spanish , double entendre is n't just a linguistic trick for Mexicans , it 's an art form requiring a nimble mind and the ability to convey smart but subtle messages , often laced with sexual or R-rated undertones . Many languages , of course , employ veiled connotations and witty wordplay . But albur is so important in Mexico that there 's a national tournament to crown the best alburero . The current champ is Lourdes Ruiz , who 's won the competition every year since 1997 , defeating men and women . She even teaches albur courses . Still not convinced Mexicans take double entendre more seriously than anyone else ? What other country has a day devoted to the subtle intricacies of its language ? In Mexico , Albur 's Day is celebrated on March 1 . Diplomado de Albures Finos  Course of Fine/Classy Albures  classes are held at the Galería José María Velasco  Peralvillo 55 , colonia Morelos , Tepito , Mexico City  ; free admission ; participants receive a diploma . Catholicism Vatican City does a pretty fair job as the center of the faith and it has some decent paintings on its ceiling . But its population of 800 souls is n't exactly staggering . Mexico , by contrast , ranks second in the world for number of Catholics  Brazil is first , the Philippines third  and , according to the National Institute of Statistics and Geography of Mexico , 83.9 % of the Mexicans are Catholic . Nothing says "  Mexican Catholic " like a reverence for the country 's seemingly endless manifestations of the Virgin Mary . Which may be why the priest Miguel Hidalgo carried a symbolic flag of Guadalupe when he led the opening stages of the Mexican War of Independence in 1810 . Our Lady of Guadalupe is the most venerated Virgin in Mexico , maybe the world . The Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe in Mexico City is also one of the most important pilgrimage sites in Mexico , reportedly the most visited Marian shrine in the world . Each December 12 , about 5 million pilgrims from across Mexico visit the Basilica to thank the Virgin for her favors or to ask for a miracle . Basilica of Our Lady of Gaudalupe , Plaza de las Americas 1 , Col. Villa de Guadalupe , Delegación Gustavo A. Madero , Mexico City ; +52 55 5118 0500 Quick lunches Known around the country as Vitamin T , tacos , tortas , tamales and tostadas are part of the everyday life . Mexicans are constantly on the go , so it 's no wonder puestos and changarros  food stands  can be found on practically every corner . It does n't matter if you 're in the subway , leaving school or taking a lunch break away from the office -- Mexico 's streets offer endless options for a fast and delicious meal cooked right in front of you with super-fresh ingredients . Soap operas In 1958 , Telesistema Mexicano produced "  Senda Prohibida "  "  Forbidden Path "  , the first Mexican telenovela  soap opera  . Fifty-six years later , its successor Televisa has produced a whopping 740 telenovelas . The formula has n't changed much . A man and woman fall in love but , for tragic reasons , ca n't be together . After overcoming obstacles they finally get married . Fifteen years after exporting its first soap opera , "  Los Ricos Tambien Lloran "  "  The Rich Cry Too "  , Televisa has found a rich market outside Mexico . Of all countries that export soap operas , Mexico ships out the most , carving niches in other Spanish-speaking countries , as well as China , the Philippines , Israel and Saudi Arabia .  Link in Spanish . Televisa is n't the only network producing successful telenovelas . TV Azteca and Argos Comunicación also create top-notch weepers . Wrestling costumes Professional wrestling  lucha libre  may be more Hollywood north of the border , and grittier in other countries , but nowhere is it as full of pathos as in Mexico . Those hilarious/spooky masks are n't just fun to look at , they 're a major part of the drama . Removing one from an opponent 's head is one of the greatest triumphs and most thrilling moments in lucha libre . Matches are held at Arena Mexico in Mexico City on Tuesdays  7:30 p.m.  , Fridays  8:30 p.m.  and Sundays  5 p.m.  . Tickets can be purchased from Ticketmaster . Polite lies Mexicans ' deep fear of appearing rude has given us a bred-in-the-bone aversion to uttering the word "  no . " Instead -- and unfortunately for those unfamiliar with the rules of courtesy here -- we 've developed a talent for white lies that allow us to say yes to fulfilling any request . Even if we ca n't do anything about it . White lies can be as clichéd as "  the dog ate my homework " or as morbid as "  my beloved great aunt has suddenly developed pancreatic cancer . " But the granddaddy of polite lies is "  ahorita . " "  Ahorita " literally means "  right now , " but it 's almost never that . When a Mexican tells you they 'll do something "  ahorita , " be prepared to take a seat , because the wait can be long . Think of ahorita as the Mexican art of procrastination -- it 's been passed from generation to generation -- a term that can mean anything from "  in 10 minutes " to "  in three weeks . " Ahorita 's cousin in crime is "  I 'm on my way . " This really means , "  I 'm on my way to finishing this TV show , maybe getting off the couch , calling my sister , taking a shower , grabbing a snack and actually leaving home to meet you . " You 've been warned -- we 're great at it ! What do you love most about Mexico ? Leave a comment . Karla Villegas Gama is a Mexican journalist who writes for CNN International , CNNMéxico and CNN en Español . She 's a regular contributor to several Mexican magazines and is the only Latin American journalist and youngest ever to be nominated for the LPGA Global Media Awards .	Day of the Dead is a Mexican tradition to honor loved ones who have passed on with art , food and communal activities Not all tequila is for slamming -- the best stuff can compete with a fine whiskey and should be savored Tacos , tortas , tamales and tostadas -- no lunch ever came quicker , or more satisfying , than one provided by Vitamin T
London  CNN  -- Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II dipped a toe into 21st-century communications Friday when she posted her first tweet . Signing herself Elizabeth R. , for regina or queen , she welcomed visitors to a new Information Age gallery focused on the evolution of modern communications at the Science Museum in London . The inaugural tweet was posted to the official British monarchy Twitter feed , which has more than 700,000 followers . And in case anyone had any doubts that the Queen 's own hand was behind it , another tweet quickly followed vouching for its authenticity . The 88-year-old monarch has spent more than 60 years on the throne , during which time she has taken other steps to embrace new technology . In 1953 , at her own request , she became the first British monarch to have her coronation broadcast live on television . That act prompted a boom in TV sales , with an extra half a million sets sold in the weeks running up to the coronation , according to the British monarchy Twitter feed . CNN 's Lucy Pawle contributed to this report .	Queen Elizabeth II posts her first tweet as she opens a new museum gallery Her message is posted on the official British monarchy Twitter feed A second tweet confirms that the "  last tweet was sent personally by The Queen "
CNN  -- Country music singer Mindy McCready was hiding in the closet with her son when authorities took the 5-year-old boy into custody in Arkansas , officials said early Saturday . Authorities found Zander McCready and his mother in a home in Heber Springs , Arkansas , according to David Rahbany , the chief deputy U.S. Marshal in eastern Arkansas . "  The child appeared to be in good condition when we found him ... he was in the closet with his mother , " Rahbany said . Local sheriffs and marshals had placed the home -- believed to belong to the singer 's boyfriend -- under surveillance for hours before they found the boy late Friday , he said . The boy is in the custody of the Arkansas Division of Children and Family Services , who will make arrangements to take him to his legal guardian in Florida , his maternal grandmother . Until recently , the boy has been living with Mindy McCready 's mother and stepfather , Gayle and Michael Inge , who have legal custody . The singer , who has fought a public battle against drug addiction , has visitation rights . McCready took her son from her mother 's Florida home late last month and asked a court to restore custody to her out of concern over the boy 's safety . A Florida judged signed an emergency "  pickup order " Thursday authorizing law enforcement officers to get the boy . McCready 's mother and stepfather said they are relieved . "  We feel sorrow for Zander because he 's traumatized , and for Mindy , " they said . "  We just hope she does the right thing from here on out and that this is a wake-up call for her . " McCready was not charged with a crime Friday , Rahbany said , adding it is unclear whether she faces any future charges . The singer burst on the music scene in 1996 with the debut album "  10,000 Angels " and the chart-topping country hit "  Guys Do It All the Time . " Her website biography says she had an "  explosive relationship " with the boy 's father , Billy McKnight , who is a country singer . McCready participated in the 2009 season of the reality TV show "  Celebrity Rehab With Dr. Drew . " CNN 's Tom Watkins , Phil Gast , Michael Martinez , Selin Darkalstanian , Dave Alsup and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	The singer is found hiding in a closet with her son The house in Arkansas was under surveillance before the 5-year-old was found McCready took her son late last month , but she does not have legal custody
CNN  -- In his first New Year 's address , the young North Korean leader Kim Jong Un told the nation to embark on "  an all-out struggle " to overhaul its destitute economy , while striking a conciliatory tone on relations with the South . Broadcast on state media , the speech Tuesday was a break from the approach of Kim 's father , Kim Jong Il , who died more than a year ago and never made televised addresses during his 17 years in power . Although Kim Jong Un has cultivated a much less austere public image than his father , he has still maintained the strong emphasis on advancing the reclusive state 's military capabilities , and putting a renewed strain on ties with the United States and South Korea . In his speech , Kim celebrated North Korea 's controversial launch last month of a long-range rocket that put a satellite in orbit . Condemned by the United Nations , the move was widely considered to be a test of ballistic missile technology . Koreas in 2013 : Watch the generational politics The launch was "  a great event which inspired all the service personnel and people with confidence in sure victory and courage and clearly showed that Korea does what it is determined to do , " Kim said , according to a transcript of his speech published by the state-run Korean Central News Agency . He linked the launch of the rocket to his call to revamp the nation 's poverty-stricken economy , which relies heavily on trade with its key ally , China . "  Let us bring about a radical turn in the building of an economic giant with the same spirit and mettle as were displayed in conquering space , " Kim said , stressing the need to improve the standard of living of the country 's malnourished population . He did n't however provide details on what kind of measures would be introduced to increase industrial and agricultural output . Turning to the tense relationship with South Korea , Kim said that removing "  confrontation " between the two sides would be important in bringing about their reunification . He criticized the "  hostile policy " of "  anti-reunification forces " in the South . His comments come less than two weeks after the election of a new South Korean president , Park Geun-hye , who has promised to pursue greater engagement with Pyongyang than her predecessor did . But her task has been made more complicated by the North 's provocative rocket launch last month . In a speech following her election victory , she said she intended to "  open up a new era for the Korean peninsula with strong security and credible diplomacy . " 2013 : Asia 's time ? The two countries are technically still at war , since no peace accord was reached after the all-out armed conflict they fought in the 1950s . The leader of North Korea at the time of the Korea War was Kim Il Sung , the grandfather of Kim Jong Un . In making Tuesday 's televised New Year 's address , the younger Kim appears to have rekindled one of his grandfather 's traditions . The last time a North Korean leader made such a speech was in 1994 -- Kim Il Sung 's last New Year 's address before his death . During Kim Jong Il 's rule between 1994 and last year , the spoken address on January 1 was replaced by an editorial published by state-run newspapers . The editorial was mandatory study for all citizens , recollecting the achievements of the past year and laying out the tasks for the year ahead , themes apparent in Kim Jong Un 's speech Tuesday .	Kim Jong Un wants a "  radical " change in North Korea 's economic development His New Year 's address is the first by a North Korean leader since 1994 He says "  confrontation " needs to be removed from relationship with South Korea
CNN  -- Grammy-winning guitarist Jeff Hanneman , a founding member of the heavy metal band Slayer , died Thursday of liver failure in Southern California , the band said in a statement . He was 49 . "  Slayer is devastated to inform that their bandmate and brother , Jeff Hanneman , passed away at about 11 a.m. this morning near his Southern California home . Hanneman was in an area hospital when he suffered liver failure , " the band said in a statement posted on its website and Facebook page . Hanneman leaves behind his wife , Kathy , a sister and two brothers . "  He ... will be sorely missed , " the band said . The guitarist was with Slayer from its founding in 1981 . Its breakthrough came five years later with the release of "  Reign in Blood , " an album that included two songs -- "  Angel of Death " and "  Raining Blood " -- co-written by Hanneman . That was one of 10 studio albums that the band put out over three decades together , during which they performed thousands of shows . On Slayer 's official website , Hanneman said that the last one -- "  World Painted Blood " -- came together quickly because the band 's members worked seamlessly . "  The interaction between all of us on this record was really something special , " he said . " ... The chemistry was just good . " In 2006 and 2007 , Slayer won Grammy awards for best metal performance . The metal world -- in tweets from , among many others , the bands Rancid , Hatebreed , In Flames and Testament -- reacted to Hanneman 's death with sadness and appreciation , referring to him as a "  true heavy metal legend " and a "  brother in thrash . " "  Jeff Hanneman will always be a metal god , " wrote rocker Andrew WK . "  A true master , he gave energy and excitement to millions , and will continue to . #PartyForSlayer . " The news also spurred thousands of diehard fans to comment about Hanneman on Slayer 's Facebook page . Wrote one : "  One of the best shredders ever to walk Earth . RIP , good sir . " CNN 's Denise Quan , Amanda Watts and Chelsea Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Musicians describe Hanneman as a "  true master , " "  metal god " and "  legend " Hanneman was among those who founded the heavy metal band Slayer in 1981 He co-wrote two songs on Slayer 's landmark 1986 album , "  Reign in Blood " He was at a California hospital when he suffered liver failure , his band says
CNN  -- If the Day of Judgment begins Saturday , as an apocalyptic Christian radio network has predicted , the community of Rapture , Indiana , will likely take it in stride . Perhaps that 's because the souls who lived in 15 to 20 homes in the southwest corner of the state are long gone -- leaving only one family and the name Rapture on online maps . Curious about its history , CNN called area post offices , the town hall in nearby Poseyville and the local library . Nobody had heard of Rapture , much less knew how it got its name . But they did know of Bugtown , as the tiny community on Highway 68 is now known . Heather Gallagher , director of Poseyville Carnegie Public Library , did a little digging and suggested a call to Bugtown 's sole resident , who splits his time between Indiana and Nashville . David Tanner gave up his law practice and moved to Nashville , where he plays upright bass and sings in groups Spaghetti Westerneers and Brazilbilly . He owns a home , rental property and an airplane hangar in Bugtown . "  The rest is grass , " said Tanner . An atheist , Tanner is not fretting about Family Radio founder Harold Camping 's prediction that Jesus Christ will return during the world 's destruction and ascend into heaven with true believers . I 'm not concerned if the world does n't end and it 's all a hoax , " Tanner said from Nashville Friday . "  If it does  end  , I 've had a great time living to 46 . " In nearby Griffin , Guy Carner , 77 , said he is familiar with Bugtown . "  It 's a dot in the road . " He , too , was philosophical about Saturday 's predicted Rapture . "  I think the Bible says you never know when it will happen . " Tanner , whose Indiana home is 150 years old , said old-timers at some point began referring to Rapture as Bugtown . "  We 'll never know exactly where the name came from , " he said of Rapture . He does have a idea on why the area is called Bugtown . "  She said there was a lot of bugs , " the musician said , quoting his grandmother . For several years , Tanner has held the Bugtown Jamboree the Sunday before Labor Day . Bluegrass and other musicians play . The event has included a square dance , two parachutists and a helicopter . All for a $ 10 donation . Tanner 's not sure if he 'll pull it together this year . "  It 's a lot of beer bottles to pick up . " Saturday , meanwhile , should be pretty quiet in the Indiana farm country , with highs in the low 80s , but scattered thunderstorms in Poseyville are possible . The Poseyville library is planning to open at 9 a.m. Come rain or Rapture , postal carriers will deliver mail , said Postmaster Cecilia Luebke in nearby New Harmony . "  Absolutely , " she said .	Rapture , Indiana , is in farm country a half-hour northwest of Evansville It 's not clear how it got its name A radio network has predicted that Judgment Day will begin Saturday
CNN  Italy 's former soccer coach Arrigo Sacchi has told CNN he 's been misunderstood over comments attributed to him that there were "  too many black players " in the country 's youth ranks . Sacchi , who won back-to-back European Cup titles with AC Milan and led Italy to the World Cup final in 1994 , has come under fire after speaking at an awards ceremony in Tuscany . "  I 'm not racist and my history as a coach shows that , but watching at the Viareggio Cup makes me think there are too many colored players , " Sacchi was quoted as saying by the Italian newspaper La Gazzetta dello Sport . The Viareggio Cup is an important Italian youth tournament . "  Business interests now come first . Italy has no dignity , it has no pride : you should n't have squads including 15 foreigners , " added the 68-year-old in the Gazzetta interview . When contacted by CNN the former director of football at European champions Real Madrid explained : "  It 's the media -- some of them , not all of them -- which are always looking for scoops . "  There 's nothing I have to clarify , if there is ignorance and bad faith you ca n't clarify . " Sacchi 's successive European triumphs with AC Milan in 1988 and 1989 were completed with a team for whom black players Frank Rijkaard and Ruud Gullit were instrumental . He pointed to the Dutch pair as proof that he was n't racist when clarifying his comments but reiterated his belief there were too many foreign players in Italy . It 's a widely held belief in football that the more overseas players there are in a league the less likely it is a country 's national team will be successful on the international stage . Italy last won the World Cup in 2006 and failed to escape the group stages at the 2010 and 2014 events . According to the respected CIES Football Observatory -- specialists in statistical analysis for football -- Italy has seen a bigger spike in overseas players than any of Europe 's other big leagues since 2009 . In an article published in November 2014 , it said the percentage of non-Italian nationals had risen from 42.4 % to 54.8 % . "  I just said that we do n't have the Italian pride , we are losing our identity . I was watching a match today and I saw four black guys in a team , " Sacchi told CNN . "  They were n't labeled as foreigners , they were guys . I am 68 , I have a 40-year history . Thirty years ago I made  Ruud  Gullit and  Frank  Rijkaard play , when you were n't even born . What do you want ? "  It 's not a matter of color . I think the problem is having too many foreigners . " Sacchi left his role as technical coordinator of youth development with the Italian Football Federation  FIGC  in July after four years , citing stress as the main factor . "  I am leaving behind an assignment which I care a lot about , but I have a terrible adversary -- one I was able to manage for 22 or 23 years but that is now winning the battle -- and that is stress , " he said on the FIGC 's website at the time . When contacted by CNN , the FIGC said it would not be commenting directly on Sacchi 's remarks given he was no longer an employee . But Diego Antenozio , from the FIGC , said : "  Our engagement against racism both inside and outside the pitch is transparent and consistent . "  I can firmly state that the FIGC believes and operates before the FIFA Regulations and Statutes , aims to include people without any sort prejudice and by granting everybody the opportunity to practice football beyond any race or gender as you can understand from this whole story . " Sacchi 's five-year stint in charge of the national team saw him guide Italy to its first World Cup final in 12 years when it faced Brazil in the 1994 , only to lose on penalties . As well as his storied stint at Milan , Sacchi also had two spells at Italian club Parma and coached current Spanish champions Atletico Madrid . This is the latest in a line of incidents involving race to cloud Italian football . Last year world football 's governing body FIFA banned the current FIGC president Carlo Tavecchio for six months after he referred to African players as "  banana eaters . " The 71-year-old waded into the debate that followed Italy 's disappointing performance at the 2014 World Cup and said there should be more stringent criteria for foreign players to operate in Italy 's leagues . Tavecchio was running to become president of the FIGC when he made the comments and though several Italian clubs withdrew their support , he was elected with 63 % of the vote . UEFA also banned Tavecchio for six months but though the FIGC investigated his remarks it decided not to take any disciplinary action .	Former Italy coach Arrigo Sacchi says his comments on black players were misunderstood Sacchi was quoted as saying there were "  too many black players " in the country 's youth ranks 68-year-old led Italy to the 1994 World Cup final and won two European Champions League titles with Milan Sacchi : "  I just said that we do n't have the Italian pride , we are losing our identity . "
CNN  -- "  Do n't close your eyes , do n't close your eyes , " a terrified Christopher Gamez chanted as he coasted 7,000 feet above South Padre Island , Texas , his heart racing . One by one , Gamez watched as three people were "  sucked " out of the plane and whipped violently into the thrashing winds and mist . "  Just put your head back and breathe , " he told himself , seconds before joining the others . But why would someone with a severe fear of heights willingly plummet from the sky ? To cross "  skydiving " off his mental bucket list , of course . Gamez was inspired to dream up his list of goals after watching MTV 's "  The Buried Life " , a reality TV show about four friends who set out to accomplish the tasks on their joint bucket list . The show , which wrapped its first season in March , has motivated many young adults to create such lists right now , rather than waiting until they 're about to "  kick the bucket " like Jack Nicholson and Morgan Freeman 's terminally ill characters in "  The Bucket List " or Queen Latifah 's supposedly terminally ill character in "  Last Holiday . " Gamez said he tuned in every week , but he knew he wanted to live his own version of "  The Buried Life " five minutes in to the first episode . "  If you had one day to live , what would you do ? " a voice asks viewers during the show 's opening credits . "  Would you climb a mountain ? Would you kiss the girl of your dreams ? Would you tell someone how you feel ? Now , if you had a whole lifetime to live , would you lose that drive , or would your list just keep getting longer ? " " -LSB- The guys on the show -RSB- inspired me and they pushed me to -LSB- go skydiving -RSB- , " he said . "  To see them go out with no fear and do the things they wanted to do -- it made me want to do those things , too . " The show 's title was inspired by a 19th century Matthew Arnold poem by the same name . The stars on the show -- Ben , Dave , Duncan and Jonnie -- decided "  The Buried Life " summed up their concerns about getting bogged down with daily routine and losing their passion for life . "  What do you want to do before you die ? " became the premise for their new lifestyle and , eventually , the MTV series that allowed them to cross Number 53 off their bucket list : "  Make a badass TV show . " That list is under their control . "  What they do and how they do it and who they contact and help -- that 's their decision , " said Brent Haynes , a senior vice president at MTV , who first realized the project 's potential when he saw footage of the guys sneaking into the Video Music Awards to walk the red carpet . Rather than arresting them , we gave them a TV show , Haynes joked . Others like the guys ' ideas . "  The more I watch ` The Buried Life ' and the more I 've seen them experience things , the more I 've wanted to do it , " Megan Fulton said . The 18-year-old Emory University student said she appreciates what the guys stand for . In 2008 , Fulton 's friend died about three days after being diagnosed with an infection . The loss prompted Fulton and her friends to create a bucket list made up of kind gestures , long-term goals , personal achievements and travel destinations . Some of the items , like pay for someone 's groceries and adopt a dog from a shelter , were crossed off rather quickly , she said . But goals like start a flash mob , travel to Lebanon -- from where Fulton and her sister were adopted -- and overcome her crippling stage fright , will be more difficult to accomplish . "  If they can take part in a Krump -LSB- dance -RSB- competition , I think I can get up and say a few lines in front of people , " she said . "  They 've really helped me and they do n't even know it . " One of Fulton 's favorite aspects of the show is that every time the cast members cross something off their bucket list , they help a stranger accomplish one of his or her own goals . For example , in the series finale , the guys help a young man who was adopted at birth find his biological father . Because Fulton was adopted , the episode meant a lot to her , she said . "  You can actually care about people and still be cool , " Fulton said . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- a good trend to have caught on . " Just one bucket list was n't enough for 21-year-old Kevin Cheaney . The Michigan State University student wrote two -- one for specific goals he wanted to accomplish during 2010 and one for long-term goals . Like Fulton , Cheaney was inspired to write a bucket list after his friend died suddenly in a motorcycle accident last summer . "  It opened up my eyes , " he said . "  Life is kind of short . " Though Cheaney has n't yet found the time to be someone 's hero , save someone 's life or race Germany 's legendary Nürburgring track , just writing the lists is an accomplishment , he said . "  A lot of these things , like taking more pictures and visiting old friends , are n't going to be difficult , " Cheaney said . "  They 're just going to improve me as a person and make me appreciate life more and really enjoy it to the max . " Celestine Chua , who has never seen the TV series , came across the bucket list concept while surfing the Internet in 2009 . The 25-year-old from Singapore eventually decided to write her own bucket list , which she shares with the public on her Web site as a reminder to "  live every moment to the fullest when you 're in good health . " Despite already opening her own school for personal development in Singapore and starting an online talk show , Chua said she thinks No. 14 , "  experience true love , " will be the most challenging goal to accomplish . "  You might think -LSB- a bucket list is -RSB- just a list of goals , but if you 're really thinking about things you want to see , experience and feel before you die , then the whole concept of setting goals is totally different , " Chua said . "  When we start thinking about what we want to do before we die , our goals become totally different . Fall in love , see the Empire State building . That 's the magic of the bucket list -- it removes limits . " Gamez agrees . That 's why he 's not ending his "  buried life " with skydiving , which he said he would do again in a heartbeat , by the way . Bungee jumping and riding a bull are next . "  I 'm hooked , " he said .	"  The Buried Life " follows four friends as they accomplish tasks on their bucket list The show has motivated many young adults to pursue their goals early on in life "  What do you want to do before you die ? " became the premise for the MTV series
PORT-AU-PRINCE , Haiti  CNN  -- At least 50 people have died in a school collapse in in Petionville , near the Haitian capital of Port-au-Prince , officials said Friday night . Haitians try to help victims at a school that collapsed Friday in Petionville , near Port-au-Prince . Rescue personnel planned to continue working into the night to dig out students and teachers buried in the rubble , the Red Cross said . At least 100 people have been injured , the Haitian Civil Protection Bureau said . The death toll is expected to rise . Officials said the school could have held as many as 700 people when the collapse occurred at 10 a.m.  10 a.m. ET  Some students were in class while others were in a playground , Haitian media reported . "  We are looking at major casualties here , " Claudon said . He said dozens of students appeared to be trapped inside but could n't give an exact number . However , he said it was a typical school day and the building had been crowded . Most of the students at the College La Promesse Evangelique range in age from 10 to 20 , he said , but there are younger ones as well . Haitian press reports said the school has kindergarten , primary and secondary students . President Rene Preval and Prime Minister Michele Pierre-Louis toured the disaster area . "  I heard and saw with my own eyes children appealing for help , " Preval was quoted as saying on the French language www.haitipressnetwork.com . "  We are taking all necessary steps , " Pierre-Louis said . " The government has mobilized to save those who can be saved . " Preval asked residents to stay away from the area so police and rescue officials could do their work unimpeded . Michaele Gedeon , president of Haiti 's Red Cross , said she heard the voices of distraught children as rescuers tried to calm them while she was on the phone attempting to coordinate emergency rescue efforts . Watch as the Red Cross official describes the scene " "  On the phone , you can hear so many children , you know , crying , crying and saying , ` this one is dead , ' ` that one is dead , ' " she said . Claudon said hundreds of bystanders and rescue workers were digging through the rubble , but "  what we need right now is heavy search-and-rescue equipment . " Claudon later said , "  local authorities are doing their best . " Fifty to 60 patients , 30 of them severely injured , were taken to Trinite Hospital in Port-au-Prince , said Isabelle Mouniaman Nara , the head of mission in the capital for Medecins sans Frontieres . Another 150 patients were treated elsewhere , Nara said Friday night . The situation at Trinite "  is under control right now , " she said . Trinite is the only hospital open in Port-au-Prince , the group said . The other two , General Hospital and Hospital de la Paix , are closed by strikes . The school is in an extremely poor part of town , and the roads are nearly impassable , local journalist Clarens Renois said . A United Nations helicopter was unable to land , Renois said . "  The school is poorly built , " said Amelia Shaw , a journalist with United Nations TV who visited the scene . Renois described the building as "  not quite solid " with "  weak construction . " The school consisted of two floors with an addition built in the rear over a 200-foot ravine , Shaw said . The steep hillside , she said , is covered with shanty-like housing on both sides . The disaster occurred when the second floor crumbled onto the first , Shaw said . A disaster assistance response team from the U.S. Agency for International Development arrived on the scene within hours of the collapse , the agency said in a release . After assessing the situation , USAID activated its partner the Fairfax County Urban Search and Rescue Team . That team will be composed of 38 personnel , four search-and-rescue dogs and 31,000 pounds of rescue equipment and is expected to arrive Saturday . The Urban Search and Rescue Team will be accompanied by four additional USAID disaster experts . U.S. Ambassador Janet Sanderson expressed her condolences , haitipressnetwork.com reported .	NEW : At least 50 students killed , 100 injured ; toll is expected to rise Red Cross official says dozens of students appear to be trapped in Haiti school Rescue workers digging through rubble near Port-au-Prince , official says School could have as many as 700 people in it , rescue official says
CNN  -- Nine-man Inter Milan surged nine points clear of city rivals AC Milan at the top of Serie A with a dramatic 2-0 win in the San Siro on Sunday night . Diego Milito gave the reigning champions the lead in the 10th minute , but they were forced to much of the game with 10 men after Wesley Sneijder was sent of in the first half . Goran Pandev 's 65th-minute goal sealed the win for Jose Mourinho 's side , who then saw Brazilian star Lucio shown red in stoppage time before Ronaldinho saw his penalty saved at the end of a dramatic derby which could go a long way to deciding the outcome of the title race . Sneijder hit the outside of the post before Inter took the lead as Goran Pandev 's ball sent Milito clear to beat Dida in the Milan goal . Dutchman Sneijder saw red on the half hour mark as his sarcastic gesture after Lucio had been pulled down saw him given his marching orders under strong protest . Milan tried hard to level at the start of the second half as Julio Cesar saved a close range Clarence Seedorf header from a David Beckham corner before Ronaldinho was just wide with a volley . Beckham , who earned a yellow card in the first half , sent in a series of dangerous crosses from the right , but it was Inter who sealed the win through Pandev 's superb curling free kick . In injury time Lucio was sent off for a second booking as he conceded a penalty but Ronaldinho 's effort was saved by Cesar to complete a miserable night for his team . Earlier on Sunday , Napoli won 2-0 at Livorno to move to within a point of third-placed AS Roma while Palermo beat Fiorentina 3-0 to go fifth .	Inter Milan beat AC Milan 2-0 in top of the table clash in San Siro Inter end match with nine men after Wesley Sneijder and Lucio sent off Goals from Diego Milito and Goran Pandev seal crucial victory Napoli beat Livorno 3-0 to step up bid for Champions League place
CNN  -- Earlier this month , an AeroMexico plane made an important flight from Mexico City to Madrid . The flight was n't notable for who was inside the cabin , but for what was inside the fuel tank : it was the world 's first transatlantic commercial flight using biofuel . The engines on that flight were powered by a fuel mixture that was 30 % biofuel from the jatropha plant , and the trip followed a pair of Mexican domestic commercial flights by Interjet that used the same formula . Mexico is known for its oil production , but it could be its less obvious flats of arid and marginal land that will be the future of Mexico 's energy resources . The country has quietly positioned itself to become a potential leader in biofuel production as scientists develop a second generation of fuels derived from sources that do n't compete for arable land or with food . Jatropha-based biofuels are being increasingly used in Mexico , and agave -- the plant from which tequila is made -- is being studied as a new source for ethanol . But some observers warn that Mexico 's cumbersome land laws make it too hard to purchase the land needed for cultivation at competitive prices . Some biofuels , such as ethanol derived from corn and sugar , can indirectly raise the prices of staple foods in many places , along with raising ethical issues , said Gilberto Lopez Meyer , director of Airports and Auxiliary Services  ASA  , the Mexican government agency that oversaw the biofuel flights . So in 2007 , Mexico , along with 14 other member countries of the International Civil Aviation Organization , committed to developing new strategies for second-generation biofuels that would not affect food production . "  We returned to Mexico with a mission , " Lopez told CNN . Lopez 's agency teamed up with the state of Chiapas , where Gov. Juan Sabines had already made a name for himself pushing his state toward alternative fuels . Chiapas began cultivating jatropha , whose seeds contain oil that can be extracted and converted into biofuel . The state already uses a jatropha biofuel mix on its buses and trucks , and President Felipe Calderon was on hand in November of last year to inaugurate a biodiesal plant there . ASA partnered with American company UOP , which refined the Chiapas jatropha into jet fuel . When the standards for biofuel use in commercial flights was approved July 1 , Mexico was ready to make the domestic Interjet and international AeroMexico flights a possibility . The goal of ASA , which provides almost 100 % of the jet fuel in Mexico , is to commercialize and distribute biofuels , Lopez said . "  We 've been working on this project as part of a global effort to combat climate change , " he said . By 2015 , the goal is to have 1 % of all jet fuel in Mexico be biofuel , and by 2020 , 15 % , he said . "  This is a huge goal , " Lopez said . "  One percent does n't sound like a lot , but it equals more than 40 million liters  10.6 million gallons  . " Mexico has several things in its favor to become a leader in biofuels , he said . It has plenty of land not being used for food , it has a high demand for energy , and it is located next door to the energy-hungry United States . "  Mexico has made the very important first step to be in a very priviledged place , " Lopez said . Halfway across the world , researchers at Oxford recently published a study extolling the benefits that ethanol derived from agave . Agave can grow in arid land , and produces less than half of the carbon dioxide emissions produced by corn-based ethanol , Oliver Inderwildi , one of the study 's authors , told CNN . Sugar-based ethanol produces even less emissions , but it needs arable land for cultivation . "  We need every space we can get , every arable land , for food , " Inderwildi said . "  We think agave may be one part of the solution . " For their study , the researchers did a life-cycle analysis for the production of ethanol based on a hypothetical plant in Jalisco , Mexico , where 90 % of tequila is produced . Potentially , agave plantations could boost local economies and create jobs , Inderwildi said . Mexico , the native home of agave plants , stands to benefit if such an ethanol industry takes off . Food prices would be spared , but would drinkers have to pay more for their margaritas and tequila shots ? The tequila business is very small compared to the fuel business , and is also more expensive than fuel ethanol , so Inderwildi predicts that alcohol prices would remain stable . And unlike tequila , which requires the harvesting of the agave stem only , ethanol production would also require harvesting the leaves of the plant . "  Our study backs up that this is a good idea from an environmental perspective , " he said . The catch , for now , is that neither jatropha or agave biofuel production is cost-effective . But technological advances and oil prices make such alternatives more desirable . When that tipping point comes , Mexico will be ready , the experts said . But James Row , CEO of Houston-based Producers Energy and part owner of a Mexican-based biodiesel company , told CNN that Mexico is still far from being an ideal place to produce biofuels . "  Mexico is absolutely a perfect country for biodiesel , especially if it can be domestically grown , " he said , but the country 's ejido system -- collectively-held land in rural areas -- creates hurdles for private investment . The result is difficulty in finding continuous large areas of rural land that can be negotiated for use for cultivation , or high prices that make it cost prohibitive . Without land reform , issues with land availability will continue , and Mexico will fall a decade or more behind other countries in the biofuels sector , Row said . The demand is there , the land is there , but there is no way to get it , he said . "  Now is the time for Mexico to get its act together for biofuels , " he said .	Mexico has quietly positioned itself as a potential biofuels leader It oversaw the first transatlantic commercial flight using biofuel The agave plant also has potential for the country Without land reform , private investment in sector is tough
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- A defense attorney Tuesday tried to poke holes in the highly emotional testimony of the first witness in the murder trial of Olympian double-amputee Oscar Pistorius , as another witness said she also heard screams the night model Reeva Steenkamp was killed . On the second day of the trial , testimony continued with the questioning of Pistorius ' neighbor , Michelle Burger , who said Monday she was awakened by screams , followed by gunshots , when Pistorius shot and killed his girlfriend on Valentine 's Day last year . Defense attorney Barry Roux attacked Burger 's credibility , accusing her of using her husband 's statement to craft her own . Paragraph by paragraph , Roux pointed out similarities between their two statements . Burger repeatedly explained that the statements were similar because they both heard the same thing . "  I 'm as honest as I can be to the court , " she said . Pistorius has admitted he killed Steenkamp but pleaded not guilty , saying that he mistakenly believed he was shooting a burglar . He only realized after firing four shots that his girlfriend was not in bed but in the bathroom he was firing at , his defense team said on his behalf Monday . Burger cried when she described the gunfire . "  It was awful to hear the shots , " she said through tears . On Monday , Burger testified that , "  Something terrible was happening at that house . " She called the shouts and screams "  petrifying . " Roux questioned how Burger had heard the screams from far away : "  You heard that out of a closed toilet in a house 177 meters away ? " Clearly rattled at times , she was granted a small reprieve as the court adjourned to investigate claims her image had been seen on television -- a violation of her right to remain anonymous . The case has fascinated South Africa and much of the world , with its high-profile defendant , the double-amputee track star so talented that he competed not only in the Paralympics but against able-bodied runners in the Olympics two years ago . Neighbors heard shouting A second witness , another of Pistorius ' neighbors , told the court Tuesday she also was awoken by shouting on the night Steenkamp was killed . In brief testimony , Estelle van der Merwe said she heard loud voices that went on for about an hour and put a pillow over her head to try to get back to sleep . She said she heard four sounds but could not be sure what they were . Burger 's husband , Charl Johnson , was the third witness to take to the stand before the court adjourned for the day . Describing what he heard from his home that night , he said the "  intensity and fear in  the woman 's  voice escalated and it was clear that her life was in danger . " "  That 's when the first shots were fired . I remember hearing a succession of shots , " Johnson said . "  I heard the lady scream again and the last scream faded moments after the last shot was fired . " Prosecutor Gerrie Nel , reading a report from an expert , told the court that of the four bullets that were fired toward Steenkamp : "  The fourth bullet hit her in the head . She then died . " At this remark , Pistorius clutched his head in his hands . LIVE UPDATES : Pistorius on trial for murder Testy testimony Burger 's testimony has been marked by confusion at times . After Roux had asked her a question several times Tuesday , Judge Thokozile Matilda Masipa intervened : "  When counsel asks a question , you answer that question ... The quicker way to get out of that  witness  box is to answer exactly what counsel is asking . " During Nel 's questioning Monday , Burger told the court that she heard a woman 's screams and a man yelling for help . "  Just after 3 , I woke up from a woman 's terrible screams , " she said . "  Then I also heard a man screaming for help . Three times he yelled for help . " She assumed a nearby home was being invaded by criminals . She later told her husband that she feared the woman had witnessed her husband being shot "  because after he screamed , we did n't hear him . " Roux spent hours hammering Burger with questions in Monday 's cross-examination , asking repeatedly if there could have been shots before she woke up , if she was sure about the sequence of events and about her knowledge of guns . He asked if the "  bang " sounds she heard might not have been gunshots , but rather a cricket bat bashing at a bathroom door . She answered that she had clearly heard gunshots , testily answering Roux 's questions about how much time had elapsed between them by saying she "  did n't sit there with a stopwatch and take down the timing of each shot . " Moments of low comedy Despite the serious subject of the trial , there were lighter moments , such as when Roux described the voice of Pistorius as sounding "  like a woman screaming " when he 's anxious . "  I 'm 100 % certain I heard two different people that evening , " Burger insisted . There also was repeated confusion , irritation and befuddlement over the language in which Burger testified . She spoke Afrikaans , her native language , and had an interpreter translate her words into English . Personal essay : What my son taught me about Oscar Pistorius But she regularly corrected her interpreter 's English and had a brief discussion in English with the judge about whether she should testify in that language . It was agreed she would continue to testify in Afrikaans , but she repeatedly lapsed back into English . Pistorius pleaded not guilty Monday to one charge of murder and a firearms charge associated with Steenkamp 's killing , as well as two gun indictments unrelated to Steenkamp . It 's expected to take at least three weeks for Judge Masipa to hear the case and decide whether Pistorius mistook Steenkamp for a burglar or killed her in cold blood . In South Africa , which abolished jury trials in 1969 , premeditated murder carries a mandatory life sentence , with a minimum of 25 years . Pistorius also could get five years for each gun indictment and 15 years for the firearms charge . INTERACTIVE : Explore each side 's argument If he is n't convicted of premeditated murder , the sprinter could face a lesser charge of "  culpable homicide , " a crime based on negligence , and could be looking at up to 15 years on that charge , experts say . Parts of Pistorius ' trial are being televised live -- a first in South Africa -- after a judge 's decision last week allowing cameras in the courtroom . But witnesses have the option of not having their images televised . The witnesses so far have taken that option . June Steenkamp , Reeva Steenkamp 's mother , was in the courtroom for Monday 's testimony , marking the first time she had laid eyes on Pistorius in person . The two had never met before . Steenkamp 's parents have avoided previous court appearances because they wanted privacy . Dream couple Pistorius , now 27 , and Steenkamp , 29 when she died , were a young , attractive , high-profile couple popular in South Africa 's social circles . Pistorius , nicknamed the "  Blade Runner " because of the special prostheses he uses while running , won six Paralympic gold medals and became the first double-amputee runner to compete in the Olympics , in London in 2012 . Cover girl Steenkamp , who was soon to star in a TV reality show , was on the cusp of becoming a celebrity in her own right . Everything changed before dawn on Valentine 's Day 2013 , as Steenkamp lay lifeless in a pool of blood on the floor of her boyfriend 's house in an upscale gated community in Pretoria . Moments before , Pistorius says , he had pointed his 9 mm pistol toward an upstairs toilet room and fired four bullets through the locked door . In court documents , Pistorius has said he heard a noise from the bathroom in the middle of the night and -- feeling vulnerable without his prosthetic legs on -- charged toward the bathroom on his stumps . He has said he shot through the toilet door in order to protect himself and Steenkamp . "  I felt a sense of terror rushing over me , " he said in his court affidavit . "  There are no burglar bars across the bathroom window , and I knew that contractors who worked at my house had left the ladders outside . " "  It filled me with horror and fear of an intruder or intruders being inside the toilet . I thought he or they must have entered through the unprotected window . As I did not have my prosthetic legs on and felt extremely vulnerable , I knew I had to protect Reeva and myself . " Prosecutors are painting a different picture . They say the pair had an argument and that Steenkamp locked herself in the toilet . At last year 's bail hearing , the state said Pistorius put on his prosthetic legs , collected his gun from under the bed and walked down the hall leading from the bedroom to the bathroom before unloading a flurry of shots through the door . Pistorius is not claiming self-defense ; he is claiming to have been mistaken about his need for self-defense . He is denying that he intentionally , unlawfully killed Steenkamp . He has never denied killing her . The case has put the spotlight on South Africa 's rampant gun violence and high crime rates . Roughly 45 people are murdered every day , according to police statistics , and the number of home burglaries is up 70 % in the last decade . In 2012 , more than half of South Africans told the country 's police force that they were afraid of having their homes broken into . In his affidavit , Pistorius said he had been the victim of violence and burglaries before , including death threats . CNN 's Robyn Curnow , Nick Thompson , Ashley Fantz and Susannah Cullinane contributed to this report .	NEW : Second witness says she was awoken by shouting NEW : Husband of first witness also takes the stand Tuesday Pistorius shot and killed Reeva Steenkamp at his Pretoria home last year The double-amputee Paralympic and Olympic sprinter says he mistook her for a burglar
CNN  -- Authorities have obtained an arrest warrant for Jesse Matthew , charging him with abduction with the intent to defile , in the case of missing University of Virginia student Hannah Graham , Charlottesville Police Chief Timothy Longo told reporters Tuesday . Police believe Matthew was the last person with Graham before her disappearance . She was last seen September 13 in an area of Charlottesville known as the downtown mall . The Charlottesville Police Department is circulating a wanted poster for the 32-year-old Matthew , who is also wanted for two counts of reckless driving . He is described as an African-American man , standing 6 feet , 2 inches tall , and weighing 270 pounds . He is known to have contacts in Maryland , New York , Pennsylvania , Virginia and Washington , D.C. Matthew willingly went to a police station over the weekend , along with several family members , walking through the front door and asking for a lawyer , Longo said . There was no warrant for his arrest then . Matthew and the lawyer spoke and then left , Longo said . The police chief declined to provide additional details on the case . "  Between now and the time that this matter goes to trial , we need to be very sensitive about the information that we share , " he said . However , the chief stressed : "  We absolutely are continuing our search for Hannah . " On the evening of September 12 , she was seen at a party before friends saw her at an apartment complex a couple of blocks away . That was shortly before midnight , according to a time line compiled by CNN affiliate WVIR . Hannah Graham disappearance : What we know About 12:45 a.m. on September 13 , a surveillance camera caught her outside a pub , about three-quarters of a mile from the apartment complex . A doorman turned her away at the pub , Longo said Sunday . Ten minutes later , she is seen running past a gas station -- no one appears to be pursuing her -- and witnesses say they saw her five minutes later roughly four blocks from the gas station , WVIR reported . She was at a restaurant , witnesses said . Videos offer clues in search for missing student The surveillance camera at an Italian cafe captured her walking along the mall about 1:06 a.m. . The camera at a jewelry store recorded her passing two minutes later , WVIR reported . At 1:20 a.m. she texted her friends to say was lost and trying to find a party , WVIR reported . She and a man were seen having drinks at a bar between 1:30 and 2 a.m. , WVIR said . Police believe she may have been under the influence of alcohol , and may have been vulnerable or unable to defend herself . Investigators have previously searched Matthew 's apartment and car . Potential evidence was sent to a lab for analysis . Jeffrey Ban , central laboratory director at the Department of Forensic Science in Richmond , Virginia , declined to say how long that work might take . "  Some cases are much quicker than others , just depends on the evidence -- depends on how much evidence we have , where the evidence is , how small the sample is , " he said . "  The best I could tell you is that my staff , in a case like this , is very dedicated and they 're doing everything they can in the quickest manner possible , " Ban said . Authorities are offering a $ 50,000 reward for information leading to the safe return of Graham , 18 , a second-year student at the University of Virginia . "  Hannah is beyond precious to us , " her parents said in a statement released shortly after her disappearance . "  We are truly devastated by her disappearance . It 's totally out of character for us not to have heard from her , and we fear foul play . " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Stacey Samuel and Jean Casarez contributed to this report .	NEW : Potential evidence in the case has been sent to a lab for analysis Jesse Matthew is wanted on suspicion of abduction with the intent to defile University of Virginia student Hannah Graham was last seen September 13 An investigation into her disappearance is ongoing
CNN  -- Apparently , all those clicks over at Buzzfeed are paying off in more ways than one . For hitting a big traffic goal , all 700 or so employees of the viral news site will be getting free Apple smartwatches -- a bonus that will cost at least $ 245,000 . Early last month , CEO Jonah Peretti sent a memo to his staff celebrating Buzzfeed surpassing $ 100 million in revenue for the year . "  This is a huge milestone and amazing accomplishment ! " he wrote . He also issued a challenge . If the site hit 200 million unique visitors and 750 million video views in November , the entire staff would get one of Apple 's watches , which are set to hit the market in early 2015 . The least expensive model will sell for $ 349 . Peretti told the staff they 'd met the goals at a meeting on Thursday , according to Business Insider . He later confirmed it on Twitter . . Known largely for buzzy , viral posts that have a way of rampaging across social media -- critics would call it clickbait -- Buzzfeed , founded in 2006 , has made moves over the past couple of years to expand its coverage to politics and other serious news . Ben Smith of Politico was brought on in 2012 as the site 's editor-in-chief to push the new direction . Friday morning , alongside such light fare as "  21 Faces Every Woman Who 's Slept With A Guy Will Recognise " and a "  How Hipster Are You ? " quiz , Buzzfeed 's main page included coverage of protests spurred by the NYPD police choking death of Eric Garner and a live feed of President Barack Obama 's announcement of a new secretary of defense .	Buzzfeed 's 700 employees will get Apple Watches for hitting traffic goals The site topped 200 million visitors in November CEO Jonah Peretti announced the bonus on Thursday
CNN  -- Japan recovered from having a player sent off to snatch a last-gasp 3-2 win over Asian Cup hosts Qatar in Doha and reach the semifinals on Friday . Masahiko Inoha 's late goal ended Qatar 's hopes of qualifying for the last four of the competition for the first time , and maintained Japan 's dream of earning a record fourth title . Albert Zaccheroni 's team will next face either Group D winners Iran or Group C runners-up South Korea , who face off on Saturday . "  After we lost a man we still had more possession , " the Italian coach told the Asian Cup website . "  It was a great comeback and I could see the good mentality from our players . "  Even though we were a man down , normally teams think about defense , but we did n't -- we had the bravery to keep attacking . " Qatar , ranked 105th in the world , had reached the knockout stage for just the second time in seven appearances and looked capable of going one better than 2000 's last-eight showing when substitute Fabio Cesar made it 2-1 straight after Maya Yoshida 's 62nd-minute dismissal . Exiled Iran coach aims for historic goal But Japan battled back as Shinji Kagawa equalized with 20 minutes to play , and the striker was also involved when Inoha scored at the death . Qatar took the lead in the 12th minute when Uruguay-born striker Sebastian Soria beat the offside trap , cut inside past defender Inoha and fired past goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima . Japan , the second-highest ranked team at the 16-team tournament behind fellow 2010 World Cup qualifiers Australia , leveled in the 28th minute through Kagawa . The 21-year-old , who plays for German league leaders Borussia Dortmund , headed home a cross by Shinji Okazaki as the teams went to the break on equal terms . But that balance of power was disrupted 17 minutes after halftime when Yoshida fouled Yusef Ahmed on the edge of the penalty area and Cesar curled in a low effort from the resulting freekick . However , Kagawa claimed his second as he went past Mesaad Ali and beat goalkeeper Qasem Burhan , then his late burst into the box resulted in the ball running free to fullback Inoha for the goal that put Japan through . Qatar coach Bruno Metsu said he would let his players recharge before the beginning of qualifiers for the 2014 World Cup in June . "  We will use the time to let the players rest and raise their morale , because they were disappointed to lose . We can be proud of how we played , " the Frenchman said . "  We frightened them and we were very skilful . We have shown the whole world that Qatar is a strong team . We showed that we can play good football , although we still made mistakes and we conceded goals because of these mistakes . " Group A winners Uzbekistan beat Group B runners-up Jordan 2-1 in Friday 's second quarterfinal in front of 16,000 fans at Doha 's 40,000-capacity Khalifa Stadium . Uzbekistan will next face either Australia or defending champions Iraq after reaching the semis for the first time , having made it to the last eight in 2004 and 2007 . After a goalless first half , the "  White Wolves " scored twice in two minutes after the break as striker Ulugbek Bakaev netted on 47 and 49 . The 32-year-old , who played for Russain club CSKA Moscow earlier in his career , broke the deadlock with a header from captain Server Djeparov 's free-kick and then stole in at the near post to convert a low cross . Jordan , also seeking to reach the semifinals for the first time , hit back through Bashar Bani Yaseen in the 57th minute when the defender pounced on a loose ball to score from close range .	Japan defender Masahiko Inoha scores last-minute goal to settle quarterfinal clash "  Blue Samurai " will next face either three-time winners Iran or South Korea Hosts Qatar had twice led but Japan striker Shinji Kagawa responded with two goals Group A winners Uzbekistan beat Group B runners-up Jordan 2-1 in second quarterfinal
CNN  -- Getting the convicted murderers pardoned by outgoing Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour back in prison is like "  being on a manhunt with one arm tied behind my back , " the state 's attorney general said . Highlighting the difficulty is the case of Joseph Ozment , whom authorities finally located Monday in Wyoming , said Jim Hood , the attorney general . "  We ca n't treat him as an escapee . He has a document that says he 's a free man as of now , " said Hood . "  All we have is a civil document we served him with . That is the most we can do . If he does n't show up in court , we will move to hold him in contempt . That 's the difficult part of this process . " Ozment 's whereabouts had been unknown since his mother picked him up on January 8 after his release . Ozment is one of four convicted murderers Barbour pardoned this month . The others are : David Gatlin , Charles Hooker and Anthony McCray . Ozment did not appear at a court hearing in a case challenging the pardons . This week , a Jackson , Mississippi , judge is expected to hear the case again . If Ozment does not appear , the judge can hold him in contempt , Hood said . As he closed out his second term as governor , Barbour granted "  full pardons " -- meaning the convict 's record is effectively wiped clean -- to more than 200 people found guilty of a variety of crimes . All four of the convicted murderers he pardoned were serving life sentences and worked as trusties at the governor 's mansion . The move stirred outrage among relatives of the pardoned murderers ' victims . "  It 's just an every minute , constant , in the back of your mind , where is he ? What is he doing ? " said Mary McAbee , sister of Rick Montgomery , a store clerk shot to death by Ozment in 1992 . Ozment pleaded guilty and was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole . "  I 'm fearful . He 's a cold-blooded murderer to do what he 's done , and if he thinks that he may go back to prison . What 's he got to lose ? " she said . Also concerned is Tiffany Ellis Brewer , whose sister was shot and killed by David Gatlin . Gatlin walked into a trailer in 1993 where his estranged wife , Tammy Gatlin , lived and shot her in the head as she held their 6-week-old baby in her arms . Brewer said she wants her sister 's killer back in prison . "  He got life plus 30 years , you know ? And he served 18 of them . My sister lived 20 years . It 's ridiculous , " she said . Late Monday , Hood spoke to CNN 's "  AC360 , " slamming Barbour and questioning the motives behind his pardons . "  He ran the office of the governor as if it was Mississippi in the 1950s , " said Hood . The attorney general , a Democrat , said many of the inmates Barbour , a Republican , pardoned came from influential families or had connections to the Republican party . "  There 's not any logical explanation other than it was just a whim , and by doing it on a whim at the last moment that 's how he violated our Constitution , " Hood said . Barbour has defended his pardons . On Friday , he appeared on CNN 's "  John King USA , " saying Ozment and the others have been rehabilitated . "  He has no obligation to do anything . He 's been pardoned . He 's a free man , " Barbour said . Authorities found Ozment at a hotel in Laramie , Wyoming , on Monday . He had been staying under another name . CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Mississippi 's attorney general slams outgoing Gov. Haley Barbour Joseph Ozment pleaded guilty to the 1992 murder of Rick Montgomery He was released from prison after a pardon from Barbour The pardons have stirred outrage from victim 's families and law enforcement
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- As a symbol of national pride and success , South Korea and Manchester United midfielder Park Ji-Sung , carries more weight on his shoulders than the need to perform . South Korea 's Park Ji-Sung celebrates after at the 2006 World Cup against France . Park , once rejected from his country 's own K-League , is now considered the ambassador of Korean football . A responsibility he seems to able carry . "  I want to push my way through Manchester United 's star players and put my name on the list of the best 11 team . Park Ji-Sung talks to CNN "  I want to show the world how good Korean players are by playing well in the top flight , " Park wrote in his book "  Neverending Challenge " before he joined United . Park 's autobiography , which illustrates his life as a football player since he started out at the age of ten , became a bestseller after being published in 2006 . It is no surprise . Park is a celebrity in South Korea and is swamped with fans wherever he goes . His hometown , Suwon , near to Seoul , built a park and named a road after Park to commemorate him becoming the first Premier League-r in South Korean history . Park may even become the first Asian to win a Championship League medal after this season . Nicknamed "  Three-lung Park " for his seemingly overflowing energy supply , the South Korean papers plaster their front pages with Park if he scores and give out the smallest details of how many minutes he ran in each match . But Park 's football career had not really drawn much attention until the recent years . He was mostly unknown to the public until he scored the winning goal to defeat Portugal in the 2002 World Cup in which South Korea reached the semifinals for the first time ever . "  People like him because there 's a touching story behind him , " football commentator Park Moon Sung at SBS , one of Korea 's major broadcasters , said . "  They can see how this player , who never really got much attention , is maturing over the years . " The South Korea player , after receiving no calls from the K-League , started his professional career in Japan with Kyoto Purple in 2000 . It was only after the 2002 World Cup that he joined PSV Eindhoven and proceeded to join Manchester United in 2005 . Park has so far managed to keep his private life out of spotlight , most likely due to his quiet personality , a quality that is also reflected in his performances . "  He 's someone who pumps energy into the entire team . He 's not like a magician who can save the team from its worst moments with dazzling skills , " the SBS commentator said . "  It 's more like he plays for the others and brings the team together which is something very much needed in a team like Manchester United with all its stars . " Park 's joining of Manchester United has enriched the football culture in Korea . Many who started watching European games because of Park have now become avid fans . "  I would like Park Ji-Sung to become a symbol of challenge for all Koreans , " 30-year-old Kim Young Woo , who is a great fan of Park , said . Kim said he admires Park for never giving up and admits to watching at least 70 percent of all Manchester United games even if it means staying up until three in the morning on weekdays . "  I think young people will look at him and tell themselves that they want to take on challenges , too , " Kim said . Something Park wants to see as well . The midfielder signed on a deal to build a Park Ji-Sung football center in his hometown fully equipped with training areas and football fields . He believes there should be a better future for Korean football .	Park scored the winning goal against Portugal in the 2002 World Cup Played for PSV Eindhoven before joining Manchester United The midfielder plans to build a Park Ji-Sung football center in his hometown
CNN  -- Lazio 's 0-0 home draw against Tottenham Hotspur in a top European club football match Thursday was marred by anti-semitic chanting , according to local media . The chant "  Spurs Jews , Spurs Jews " came from the north stand of the Stadio Olimpico in Rome , reported Italian news agency ANSA . A banner reading "  Free Palestine " was also unveiled by Lazio fans during the key Europa League match . English Premier League Tottenham have a strong following from the Jewish community in North London where their White Hart Lane Stadium is situated . The incidents came after Tottenham fans in the Italian capital were attacked in Camp de Fiori , in the heart of Rome 's nightlife area Wednesday night . One was left in a serious condition in a local hospital after an assault in a bar , apparently by extremist supporters named "  Ultras " . A Rome police spokesman told CNN that arrests had been made following the attacks . "  I can confirm that we have arrested two Roma fans after the incident yesterday at the Drunken Ship pub in the Campo de'Fiori district , " he said . Roma are the local rival club to Lazio and both play in the Stadio Olimpico . The pre-match violence and offensive chanting was in sharp contrast to a warm reception given to former Tottenham and England football star Paul Gascoigne , who also played for Lazio . The 45-year-old , who has battled personal problems , donned a light blue and white scarf , the colors of Lazio , as he was presented to the crowd . "  Welcome back Gazza . Lionheart , headstrong , pure talent , real man : still our hero , " said one of the banners held aloft by home fans . The match itself left both teams well-placed in Europe 's second level club competition . Lazio are already through to the knockout stage and top the group , while Tottenham , who owed the draw to heroics from French international goalkeeper Hugo Lloris , need only to avoid defeat in their final home match against Greek side Panathinaikos to go through . In other games , Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o scored as Russia 's Anzhi Makhachkala moved into the knockout round with a 2-0 win over Italy 's Udinese . But Liverpool were held 2-2 at home by Swiss side Young Boys in the same group , with the second place to be decided in the final batch of matches . La Liga high flyers Atletico Madrid also secured their passage with a 1-0 home win over Hapoel Tel Aviv , while French side Bordeaux and EPL Newcastle have gone through from Group D . The European football season has been marked by a series of racist incidents , with England players in an under-21 international in Serbia , claiming they had been subjected to offensive chanting . Governing body UEFA has charged the Serbian FA but said Thursday it had decided to postpone a decision on the disciplinary case until December 13 . Former England captain John Terry was recently banned by the English FA for four games for racial language he directed at an opponent in an EPL game last year . Earlier Thursday , the FA cleared referee Mark Clattenburg of making racist comments to Terry 's Chelsea teammate Jon Obi Mikel during a match against Manchester United last month .	Anti-semitic chanting reported at Lazio home match against Tottenham Hotspur Lazio also unveiled "  Free Palestine " banner during the 0-0 draw Rome police have made two arrests over pre-match incidents in Italian capital Lazio qualify for knockout stages of Europa League after draw
CNN  -- Two men found floating in a giant cooler off the Australian coast say they want to stay in Australia and do n't want to go home , immigration officials said Friday . The Australian Customs Service found the two men in the Torres Strait on January 17 . The men will be transferred to Christmas Island in the Indian Ocean , where Australia has an immigration detention facility , a spokesman for the Department of Immigration and Citizenship told CNN . "  The men have both indicated they do not wish to return to their home country , " said the spokesman , who asked not to be named . "  They will remain in detention on Christmas Island while immigration officials consider any claims to remain in Australia . " The spokesman declined to reveal the men 's nationality or what claims they have made to remain . Australian media reports have said the men are from Myanmar . The Australian Customs Service spotted the two men January 17 floating in a giant red icebox , or cooler , in the Torres Strait , between the northeastern tip of Australia and Papua New Guinea , a Customs spokesman said . Customs agents had been on a routine mission to identify possible smugglers in the area at the time , the spokesman said . A picture taken by Australian Customs shows the men standing in the floating cooler and waving at authorities . The sides of the box are waist-high . After their rescue by helicopter , the two men spent several days in a hospital , an immigration spokesman said . They were then housed in detention while officials interviewed and processed them , the spokesman said . Australian media reports said the men spent 25 days afloat in the cooler , surviving only by drinking rainwater and eating regurgitated fish dropped by birds . Lee Hollingsworth of the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds told CNN it was not uncommon for Asian fishermen to use birds such as cormorants to dive down and retrieve fish that are then regurgitated whole .	Two men found floating in a giant cooler off the Australian coast want to stay However , they will be transferred to Christmas Island in the Indian Ocean Australia has an immigration detention facility on the island
The Economic Intelligence Unit  EIU  claims its annual Liveability Survey could be used to "  assign a hardship allowance as part of expatriate relocation packages , " among other things . But that need n't apply to those in Melbourne , which for the fourth year running has been declared the best city in the world to live . The Australian culture hub was buoyed by superlative healthcare , infrastructure and education as well as a murder rate of 3.1 per 100,000 people , half the global average of 6.2 . Melbourne 's total score of 97.5 , assessed on various factors such as "  stability " and "  culture and environment , " as well as those mentioned above , was just 0.1 points above Vienna , which scored identically across all categories to Melbourne except culture and environment . The top 10 list has n't changed since 2011 and of the 140 cities surveyed , only 20 changed score in the last year . "  Over half of the changes taking place over the past 12 months have been driven by deteriorating scores , " said the report , "  with instability re-emerging as a key factor in influencing global scores . "  Events in Ukraine , in particular , have had significant knock-on effects for cities such as Kiev , Moscow and St Petersburg . "  Localized instability has also affected locations like Bangkok . "  The score of Damascus in Syria has continued to decline , although the escalation in Iraq is not reflected in our ranking because Baghdad is not included in the survey . " Tehran in Iran , Tripoli in Libya and Amman in Jordan saw their scores improve , having "  enjoyed periods of relative stability following significant falls in liveability . " But over the last five years , global liveability has declined overall , "  highlighting the fact that the last five years have been characterized by heightened unrest in the wake of the global economic crisis . " Kiev  Ukraine  , Tripoli  Libya  and Damascus  Syria  have seen the biggest falls in liveability over the last five years , says the report . 10 most liveable cities 1 . Melbourne 2 . Vienna , Austria 3 . Vancouver , British Columbia 4 . Toronto = 5 . Adelaide , Australia = 5 . Calgary , Alberta 7 . Sydney 8 . Helsinki , Finland 9 . Perth , Australia 10 . Auckland , New Zealand 10 least liveable cities 131 . Abidjan , Cote d'Ivoire 132 . Tripoli , Libya 133 . Douala , Cameroon 134 . Harare , Zimbabwe 135 . Algiers , Algeria 136 . Karachi , Pakistan 137 . Lagos , Nigeria 138 . Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea 139 . Dhaka , Bangladesh 140 . Damascus , Syria Comment below : What 's the best thing about your home city ?	No change in EIU 's top 10 liveable cities since 2011 Melbourne takes first place for fourth year in a row Damascus , Kiev among cities that declined significantly
CNN  -- Twelve cannons were fired in Liege , Belgium , on Monday to conclude a ceremony marking the outbreak of World War I 100 years ago . Britain declared war on Germany after it invaded neutral Belgium on August 4 , 1914 . The declaration escalated a conflict -- sparked by the assassination of the Archduke of Austria-Hungary -- into a global war . About 16 million people were killed before the war ended four years later . Belgium was a key WWI battleground . Dignitaries including King Philippe of Belgium , the French and German Presidents and Britain 's Prince William , Duke of Cambridge , addressed those gathered in remembrance Monday . Prince William said the people of Belgium had been among the war 's first victims , and their "  resistance was as gallant as their suffering was great . " Belgium 's sacrifice and contribution had been pivotal to eventual victory , the prince said . "  Belgium 's resistance in 1914 allowed the Allies to regroup and draw up the battle lines which became the infamous trenches . These trenches have left an indelible scar on your land ; they speak of the horrors of war but also of your forebears ' courage , " he said . Prince William said recent events in Ukraine showed that "  instability continues to stalk our continent . " But he said the fact that war was now "  unthinkable " between the former World War I enemies represented at the ceremony "  bears testimony to the power of reconciliation . " "  We were enemies more than once in the last century , and today we are friends and allies . We salute those who died to give us our freedom . We will remember them . " The king of Belgium laid a wreath to commemorate the dead before a bugler sounded "  The Last Post . " A young girl representing future remembrance then released a white balloon as a sign of peace and reconciliation before the cannon shots rang out . Britain is also holding events across the United Kingdom and in the Belgian city of Mons , where the first British soldier died during the conflict . British Prime Minister David Cameron said in a statement , "  A hundred years ago today Britain entered the First World War and we are marking that centenary to honor those who served , to remember those who died , and to ensure that the lessons learnt live with us forever . "	Ceremony in Belgian city of Liege marks anniversary of outbreak of World War I Germany invaded neutral Belgium on August 4 , 1914 , and Britain declared war Over the next four years , 16 million people died in the conflict , many on Belgian battlefields Prince William said war was now "  unthinkable " between nations who had fought
CNN  -- Not surprisingly , the Munich Security Conference last weekend saw heated debates on Ukraine and its current political crisis . Yet while government and opposition representatives faced off with their well-known positions , the real news was an apparent change of minds among Western leaders . Thus , European Union Commissioner Stefan Fule stated that "  if we are serious about helping this part of Europe to transform , the association agreement is only the first step , " admitting in effect that only the EU 's "  most powerful instrument " , membership , will help in the long-term . EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton added that Europe and the U.S. are "  developing a plan -- a Ukrainian Plan " , whose numbers "  wo n't be small " , to provide urgently needed short-term funding to Ukraine 's battered economy . And U.S Secretary of State John Kerry stressed that "  nowhere is the fight for a democratic , European future more important today than in Ukraine " . Taken together , the three statements may signal a major shift in Western policy vis-a-vis Ukraine . This much-needed reset comes after months of inaction by both Europe and the U.S. . When back in November , Ukrainians rose against their government 's decision to abandon closer ties with the EU , senior European leaders were quick to arrive in Kiev to show their solidarity with the protesters . The enthusiastic response that met them at the EuroMaidan , however , faded quickly when European concerns remained lip-service . The U.S. acted even more half-heartedly when its Secretary of State avoided a possible visit to Kiev , sending a deputy instead to hand out buns to freezing democrats . Western indecision clearly played its role in aggravating the political crisis in Ukraine , as it emboldened the government of Victor Yanukovych while driving protesters to despair . As a result , the former essentially attempted to legalize dictatorial rule and , when this prompted further demonstrations , resorted to violence by riot police . The latter , in turn , have only become more resolved but find it increasingly hard to retain unity , moderation and non-violence . Within a few weeks , this has brought Ukraine to the brink of civil war , and any further escalation will have unforeseeable consequences not just for Ukraine but for the entire region and Europe itself . This must have finally dawned on Western leaders . Immediate truce However , the measures indicated by Fule , Ashton and Kerry are neither enough nor even the most pressing ones . As a first step , Europe and the U.S. must make sure of an end to violence and demand an immediate truce among all conflicting parties . This suspension of open conflict must also involve restraint on part of the Kremlin , Yanukovych 's main sponsor , who should be reminded that covert operations by Russian operatives or threats of a military intervention are as disruptive and unacceptable as Moscow 's economic stranglehold on Ukraine . Secondly , a long-term monitoring mission of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , of which Ukraine and Russia , all EU countries and the U.S. are members , must be installed swiftly . The mandate of this mission should be the observation of the ceasefire , ongoing EuroMaidan protests , police actions and possible provocations , enquiries into recent violence , deaths and disappearances , and regular reporting on findings to the international community . Thirdly , the West should impress upon all sides involved that only a genuine national dialogue can pave the way for a political solution of the crisis . Such a roundtable must include President Yanukovych personally and key opposition figures , the leaders of the EuroMaidan and Ukraine 's oligarchs , as well as representatives of churches , civil society , media and the country 's diverse regions . The EU may volunteer a senior leader to facilitate this dialogue . In an accompanying measure , fourthly , the EU and the U.S. should prepare a credible set of sanctions against anyone that hinders the truce , international monitoring , or national dialogue . Any obstructions of this process , whether by government representatives , law enforcement officials , oligarchs , provocateurs or radical protesters , need to be systematically recorded and answered with visa bans , asset freezes , embargoes against businesses , and criminal persecution . Once these immediate steps have been taken , and hopefully prevented Ukraine from further sinking into civic strife , the West must provide Ukraine with a long-term perspective of development and assistance . Along with Commissioner Fule 's recognition last weekend , the EU must give Ukraine a clear prospect of membership , dependent only on the country 's commitment to democracy , rule of law , and market economy . ` Ukrainian Plan ' In order for necessary reforms to start and succeed , the EU and the U.S. have to swiftly roll out a "  Ukrainian Plan " , as alluded to by Baroness Ashton . A comprehensive aid package must combine emergency funding to prevent an impending default of Ukraine , compensations for a likely economic retaliation by Russia , and assistance for broader market reforms . Both these ingredients have long been missing from Western offers to Ukraine , and it is partly for this reason that the country 's government turned its back on Europe . By adding them now , the EU and U.S. would substantially improve their proposal . This should make it much easier for Ukraine 's elites and society to agree on a democratic and European future for their country . Such a consensus would go a long way towards ending the current conflict . For this , however , Ukraine needs the West to act swiftly and decisively . Read more : John Kerry -- U.S. , EU stand with Ukraine 's people Read more : Stop the ultimatums , Russia tells Ukraine protesters Read more : Activist 's torture claim puts harsh spotlight on embattled Ukraine Read more : Frum -- beware Russia 's power play in Ukraine The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joerg Forbrig .	There have been protests in Ukraine since Kiev rejected an EU trade deal last November The unrest was the subject of debate at the Munich Security Conference last weekend Joerg Forbrig says EU and U.S. comments there signify a change in Western policy A "  Ukrainian Plan " must include emergency aid and assistance for broader reforms , he says
CNN  -- Quick , check your tickets ! The $ 320 million Powerball numbers just came out at about 11 p.m. ET . The winning numbers are 6,27,46,51,56 and 21 . It may take several hours for officials to determine whether anybody won the enormous national lottery drawing , which is held in 42 states , the U.S. Virgin Islands and the District of Columbia . Why you keep playing the lottery The prize swelled Saturday after no one hit all six numbers . The game 's largest prize to date was $ 365 million , which was awarded in 2006 to a group of eight co-workers at a Nebraska meat-packing plant . In 2005 , a group of four in Oregon won a $ 340 million jackpot -- considered the second largest . Those record drawings happened when the cost for a Powerball ticket was $ 1 . In January , the price increased to $ 2 , with officials saying it would lead to an increased number of large jackpots . At the same time , the odds improved somewhat because officials reduced the number of red balls -- the powerballs -- from 39 to 35 . Earlier this year , Louise White , an 81-year-old Rhode Island resident , came forward as the winner of a $ 336.4 million prize , the third largest in the game 's history . "  I 'm very happy and I 'm very proud , " she said . "  We are truly blessed . Thank you . " White bought the winning ticket in February in Newport , Rhode Island , after a family member had a craving for rainbow sherbet and brought her to a store where she purchased the ticket . Ted Talks : How to buy happiness After realizing she had won , White tucked the winning ticket into her Bible and went to sleep holding the book , bringing it with her to breakfast the next day until she could eventually store it in a safe deposit box , before claiming her winnings . At $ 320 million , the Powerball pot still has ways to go to catch MegaMillions at the top of the list of U.S. grand prizes . In March , three tickets were sold for a drawing with the top prize of $ 656 million . Does winning the lottery guarantee happiness ?	It may take several hours to determine whether anybody won It 's held in 42 states , the U.S. Virgin Islands and the District of Columbia The game 's largest prize to date was $ 365 million
President Barack Obama gave an impassioned speech to Democratic senators gathered at the White House overnight , urging them that new sanctions could damage negotiations with Iran over its nuclear program . "  They discussed Iran and the President made the case for why new sanctions legislation now would hurt us , " a senior administration official told CNN Senior White House Correspondent Jim Acosta . A senator who was in the room Wednesday night called it "  one of the most powerful arguments " about the issue he had ever heard from Obama . Obama 's statements during the closed-door session comes as the clock is ticking on an interim nuclear deal with Iran . A six-month interim agreement formally begins Monday . That deal means that Iran must dismantle or freeze some of its nuclear program and open it to more international inspections in return for limited relief from crippling international sanctions . Assuming everything goes as planned , further negotiations between Iran and the United States , France , Russia , China , Britain and Germany will seek a broader agreement intended to prevent Tehran from developing a nuclear weapon . Meanwhile , pro-Israel members of Congress are seeking additional sanctions against Iran that would take effect if the talks break down . Obama has said sanctions may mess up the pending negotiations . U.S. attorney 's office accuses man of trying to ship military documents to Iran Iran to start scaling back nuclear program January 20	President Barack Obama says now is not the time for new sanctions A six-month interim agreement formally begins Monday Iran must limit its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief Talks will continue on a broader deal to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons
CNN  -- The United Nations has sent police and military patrols to a camp in western Sudan after reports fighting there killed civilians , a U.N. spokesman said Tuesday . A file photo of refugees queuing for food in the Kalma camp in western Sudan . Aid groups have started evacuating wounded from the Kalma camp , home to 80,000 internally displaced people in the Darfur region of western Sudan . The U.N. said it received reports that Sudanese police vehicles surrounded the camp and that civilians were killed Monday during subsequent attacks inside the camp . The U.N. African Union Mission in Darfur "  is extremely concerned by this serious incident -LSB- and the -RSB- circumstances will be investigated , " the mission said in a statement . "  It is closely monitoring the situation and -LSB- calls -RSB- on all parties to exercise restraint . " A spokesman for the mission , Noureddine Nezni , said Tuesday the Dutch wing of Medecins Sans Frontieres had evacuated 47 wounded people who were being treated at a nearby hospital . Some of them -- mostly young men -- refused to be evacuated for fear of being arrested for having participated in the fighting , Nezni said . Nezni would not say how many people were killed in the Monday attacks . "  There are many figures being thrown around and we hesitate to give any numbers before we are sure , " he said . "  We are still checking and hopefully we will have the correct figure late today . " The Sudanese government said it entered the camp to look for "  huge quantities of arms and criminals , " Nezni said . The U.N. African Union Mission in Darfur said it sent police and military patrols to Kalma to confirm the details of the incident and provide assistance . Nezni added that the mission and some aid groups were in talks with refugees at the camp to find a lasting solution to the problems . Fighting has displaced more than two million Sudanese -- and more than 238,000 refugees live in camps across the border in eastern Chad , the U.N. says . They have been displaced by fighting that broke out in 2003 , when rebels began an uprising in Darfur and the government launched a brutal counter-insurgency campaign . The Sudanese authorities armed and cooperated with Arab militias that went from village to village in Darfur , killing , torturing and raping residents there , according to the U.N. , Western governments and human rights organizations . The militias targeted civilian members of tribes from which the rebels draw strength . In the past five years , an estimated 300,000 people have been killed through direct combat , disease , or malnutrition , the U.N. says . Another 2.7 million people have been forced to flee their homes because of fighting among rebels , government forces , and allied Janjaweed militias . The chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court filed genocide charges against Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir last month for the campaign of violence in Darfur . CNN 's Eunice Mafundikwa contributed to this report .	United Nations sends police and military patrols to a camp in western Sudan Move prompted by reports of fighting which killed civilians 47 wounded people evacuated for treatment at a nearby hospital
The curtain has n't even opened on Netflix 's new DVD-by-mail spin-off company Qwikster , and many customers are already walking out . The company recently revised its quarterly projections of net subscribers to show 1 million fewer customers than it had previously expected . Much to Netflix 's chagrin , folks are realizing that the king of mail-away media is n't the only game in town . We 've taken a look at some of Netflix 's  and Qwikster 's  main competitors , and judged each service accordingly . Do the rest offer enough to stand up to the best ? Netflix/Qwikster Also known as Netflix : Redux . It 's the same service we know and love , only completely different . Faced with massive customer backlash in the wake of a price hike , Netflix split itself into two separate companies this week . The streaming service will retain the Netflix branding while the DVD-by-mail service will be named Qwikster . Netflix CEO Reed Hastings said the split will better serve customers in the long run because each company will be able to better focus on one type of service . Netflix pioneered the DVD-by-mail service , creating an entire industry where one did not exist previously . But after serious flux in Netflix 's new pricing system -- which split the streaming and DVD mailing services into two separate plans starting at $ 8 a month minimum -- there 's no guarantee the company 's customers will continue to stick around . WIRED : It 's been around the longest , and is the most familiar service . Massive offering of physical mail-away media . New game rental service sounds intriguing . Streaming to all iOS devices and Android smartphones . TIRED : Can you say price increase ? We do n't like paying more money for the same service , and we 're failing to see how splitting the companies in twain is going to benefit consumers . Streaming-only service still lacks selection compared to DVD catalog . Amazon Prime Amazon 's elite-level service launched in 2005 , offering two-day shipping on any of its products to members anywhere in the continental United States and other select countries for a reasonable $ 80 a year . Originally meant for those who could n't wait more than 48 hours for their tangible goods , Prime expanded in February to offer instant , streaming movie and TV show access to existing Prime customers at no added cost . WIRED : Fast shipping on everything Amazon ! What other movie service offers that ? Lower yearly rate than Netflix and Qwikster . Works with over 100 different web-connected set-top boxes , including the ever-popular Roku . TIRED : Smaller media selection compared to other existing services . Lacks the DVD rental option that made Netflix famous . Redbox Redbox made it possible for legions of supermarket shoppers to pick up a movie on the cheap , without having to make multiple stops . Instead of leaving the grocery store  or 7-11 , Walgreens or what have you  with only a TV dinner and a Mountain Dew in tow , Redbox 's 30,000-plus DVD-rental kiosks make sure you wo n't go home alone on a Friday night again . WIRED : Cheap , cheap , cheap . DVD rentals average two bucks a pop , with anywhere from 50 to 200 recent titles to select from in each kiosk , updated weekly . Game rentals to roll out this year . TIRED : No streaming service ? Bummer . Blockbuster Once the dominant force in the media-rental industry , Blockbuster has fared horribly over the past few years . After scoffing at Netflix 's business model years ago , the big blue-and-gold company filed for bankruptcy last September . However late , Blockbuster jumped on the bandwagon with its own Netflix clone mail-away service , but with the added advantage of allowing customers to return DVDs to brick-and-mortar Blockbuster stores . And finally , Blockbuster Express is a blue-and-gold Redbox rip , with kiosks placed in grocery stores and Kwik-E-Mart 's across the country . WIRED : The Dish Network acquisition could mean big things for Blockbuster when  or if  the companies get a game plan up and running . TIRED : Brick and mortar is slowly dying , so the leg-up Blockbuster has on Netflix with in-store DVD exchange may soon be moot . Ripping off its two major competitors shows a lack of ability to innovate , possibly signifying that the company is still behind the times . Hulu Plus At $ 8 a month , Hulu Plus offers instant streaming access to a wealth of TV shows only a day or so after they 've originally aired . But seriously , if you 're paying a monthly fee , you should n't have to deal with mid-show commercial breaks . That 's the whole point of paying for streaming service , right ? Still , I challenge you to find a more comprehensive archive of Hell 's Kitchen reruns on the web . WIRED : Streaming to all iOS devices and some Android smartphones and tablets . Tons of TV shows that are n't out to rent on DVD . TIRED : Despite taking your $ 8 monthly fee , you still have to sit through asinine commercials . "  Hundreds , " not thousands , of movies to choose from . Again , no physical media . Rights agreements sometimes complicate how many episodes are available for viewing on the site . Android Market Google has struggled to keep up with Apple in its media service offerings , only recently debuting its movie rental service on the Android Market in conjunction with a complete interface makeover . Fortunately , renting flicks from Google is available on all Android devices running version 2.2 and up -- that 's something even Hulu ca n't say . WIRED : Rental ai n't pricey , averaging around two to five bucks a pop . Streaming to Android phones is nice . Compatible with PCs . TIRED : No physical media . Not functional across all Android tablets . iTunes and Apple TV There 's a down-payment to get Apple TV up and running in your home , and it 's in the form of a small , sleek set-top box . Fortunately , it 's only $ 100 . Along with Netflix compatibility , Apple lets you purchase and rent movies from its iTunes media store , along with the ability to buy TV shows  due to lack of customer demand , Apple discontinued TV show rentals last month  . Further , you 're able to watch streaming media on all of Apple 's mobile devices . The company wants to hook you into an Apple-centric world , and the interconnection between its services makes it easier for customers to buy in . WIRED : Purchase prices are par for the course , ranging from $ 1 to $ 3 depending on whether you want to rent or own . Ability to buy entire seasons of a show is convenient . Rumors and speculation have long suggested bigger plans for Apple TV 's future , though Apple itself is staying mum on any potential developments . TIRED : Lacks an "  all-you-can-stream buffet " option , which can get costly if you watch a lot of flicks . Though its library is extensive , iTunes alone does n't contain the esoteric indie films that Netflix totes . So if you 're subscribing to Netflix and buying through iTunes at the same time , charges could add up fast . Vudu Wal-Mart got in on the media-services game in 2010 by buying Vudu , another streaming media company . Initially the service was available only in a set-top box version , but Vudu has since extended itself to other platforms as a standalone media service in and of itself , available to Playstation 3 users , Boxee for OSX owners and Windows-based PC users . WIRED : Rentals and purchases stay on par with most other services , settling in the $ 1 to $ 5 range for rentals , and upwards of $ 5 for purchases . Titles available the same day they 're released on DVD , unlike other services that require waiting periods . Streaming video available on iPad . TIRED : No monthly unlimited movie-streaming option .	Amazon Prime launched in 2005 , offering two-day shipping on any of its products Redbox made it possible for legions of supermarket shoppers to pick up a movie on the cheap At $ 8 a month , Hulu Plus offers instant streaming access to a wealth of TV shows
Mike Rioux ca n't go to the grocery store without making a list , even for a single item . He ca n't drive without gripping the steering wheel so hard his knuckles turn white . And he ca n't stand any longer than 30 minutes because of severe back pain . This is Rioux 's life after Afghanistan , where firefights and a roadside bomb blast left him with a traumatic brain injury and post-traumatic stress disorder . His ears still ring from the explosions . He suffers from vertigo , headaches , insomnia and nightmares . He has terrible anxiety , evident in an interview with CNN -- Rioux could hardly sit still , and his memory loss and inability to concentrate meant questions had to be repeated at times . "  I need to discover who I am again , " he said . As a staff sergeant in the U.S. Army , Rioux most recently was deployed in 2010 to one of the most dangerous spots in Afghanistan . There he survived firefights and blasts and witnessed much carnage in Paktia province , near the volatile Afghan-Pakistan border . After returning home , Rioux faced a much different battle , one that neither he nor his wife , Maggie , expected . Confusion is ` monumental ' The Department of Veterans Affairs said it is on track to process 1 million disability claims this year . With the war in Iraq over and the one in Afghanistan winding down , the VA is sorting through a backlog of more than 860,000 disability claims from American veterans . More than a quarter of those vets -- 228,000 -- have been waiting for a year or more . Rioux has been trying to get his disability claim fully processed since January 2011 , shortly after he returned from Afghanistan . The litany of delays includes lost paperwork , long wait times for appointments and erroneous lab results . At one point , a doctor prescribed him medication for a bladder infection he did n't have ; he 'd never given as much as a urine sample . Because of his debilitating injuries , neither Rioux nor his wife , Maggie , is able to work full time . Rioux said without his wife 's care , "  I 'd be in the fetal position . I 'd be curled up in a ball . I could n't do it . " He can afford it , she ca n't : Couple 's health care dilemma The Riouxes and their 23-year-old daughter , Alex , are living at his mother 's home outside Phoenix . Maggie and Alex share a bedroom , while Mike sleeps on the living room couch every night . At 51 , he said that makes him feel ashamed . "  I feel low , " he said . "  How can I support my family , let alone ... keep a roof over their head so that my daughter can have her own room ? My wife and I ca n't have a bed to sleep together ? We 're on couches . We sleep separate . ... That hurts a lot . I miss her . " Part of the problem , the VA said , is that many veterans are returning with severe and complex mental injuries . These veterans file multiple claims , far more than ever before , and sometimes they file incomplete paperwork . The backlog also increased when hundreds of thousands of vets were finally allowed to file claims for Agent Orange and Gulf War syndrome . Last year , the VA said it paid out nearly $ 5 billion in compensation . In August 2011 , the VA told Rioux his claim was in review and , four months later , he was told to expect a decision by the end of the year . None came . Both he and Maggie wrote numerous letters seeking help , including one to first lady Michelle Obama , with a copy sent to Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki . Three months ago , the Riouxes finally heard from the VA about his claim . It rejected coverage for his traumatic brain injury , granting him limited disability coverage that amounts to about $ 660 a month . Attempts to get full disability coverage have left the Riouxes often lost in a morass of red tape and confusing policies at dozens of offices in various veterans medical centers . "  That is trademark VA -- that you get answers , and then a different answer from the same building , but a different floor or a different office , " Maggie Rioux said . "  And the confusion that ensues is monumental . " The Riouxes are not alone . Two-thirds of the 860,000 applicants have been waiting longer than the 125 days that Shinseki set as a goal for processing claims . On average , the VA said veterans wait more than eight months -- 256 days -- before their claim is resolved . CNN interviewed 16 veterans for this report , all of whom recounted monthslong waits to get a simple evaluation of their disabilities . Many said they had not received prompt help for serious mental health issues . One vet said he called a VA suicide prevention hotline , was told he would be called back , and a return call never came -- a situation the agency said never should have happened . VA official : Backlog ` unacceptable ' Tommy Sowers , the VA 's assistant secretary for public and intergovernmental affairs , said the current backlog "  is unacceptable , and we know that . " But he added , "  This is a problem that has been decades in the making . " "  We 're transitioning from a paper-based system to an electronic system , and it is a huge amount . It is a huge undertaking and task , " he said . Only a small fraction of the VA 's regional offices has computerized their records so far . The vast majority are still tracking veterans on entirely paper files -- a process that 's not only slow and inefficient but also requires massive space and numbers of files . The toll of war now includes more amputees "  We 're moving from these mountains and mountains  of paper  , sifting through papers , scanning them , digitizing them , creating a secure environment where these claims can be moved through much quicker , " Sowers said . But Paul Rieckhoff , the founder of the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America , said veterans who are fighting for their disability claims are angry and tired of the rhetoric . "  There 's a big difference between what they 're saying in Washington , D.C. , and what you see on the ground , " Rieckhoff said . "  The guys on the ground -- they do n't care about paperwork , or slow improvements . They care if they got a decision back from the VA. " Mike Grabski is another veteran who knows about the problem . He ultimately got his disability payments , but it took him two years to get his full amount . "  It was n't just the stress of not having the compensation , " he said . "  It was the stress of ` Is this going to happen ? ' or ` When is this going to happen ? ' or ` How is this going to happen ? ' or ` What 's the next speed bump going to be ? ' " Grabski left the Army in 2009 as a staff sergeant after 10 years in the service . He served two combat tours in Afghanistan and one in Iraq with the 173rd Airborne Brigade , earning two Bronze Star medals . But his service left him with a long list of injuries , including degenerative bone disease in both knees , asthma , hearing loss and a mild traumatic brain injury resulting from exposure to constant explosions and gunfire . Grabski was also diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder , which he said has increased his irritability and affects his concentration . He formally filed for disability in Oakland , California , in July 2010 . It was n't until after he received media attention for his plight that his file was reviewed nearly two years later . After 21 months , the VA rated him 40 % disabled due to knee injury , asthma and hearing loss , awarding him $ 560 a month in compensation . Following new appointments to assess his brain injury and PTSD claims , the VA upgraded Grabski 's disability rating to 80 % in mid-July . His monthly disability payment went up to $ 1,427 . Critics told CNN that veterans have an expression among them that the VA 's policy is "  Delay , deny until we die . " Asked about that complaint , the VA 's Sowers responded , "  What I would say is that there are many veterans out there that love their VA care . Absolutely love it . " A different man Rioux plans to appeal the VA 's ruling against covering his traumatic brain injury as a disability -- a decision that could mean another two years of red tape . "  He 's got the injury , but it 's zero for that , " Maggie Rioux said , referring to the disability coverage . She said she thinks the VA made its ruling based on outdated medical information from last year . "  We filed a second claim stating that he has new symptoms , worsening symptoms , like vertigo ... the dizziness , the daily headaches , his agitation , his marked personality changes , " she said . Man 's best friend helping war veterans heal A VA doctor has diagnosed that Rioux has a traumatic brain injury . However , some of the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injuries overlap , Maggie Rioux said , "  and we 're very well aware of that . But this is n't only PTSD . " She said she wants her husband to get the respect he deserves after he risked his life for his country . "  He could 've been killed . Every time I spoke to him on the phone I thought it might be the last time I heard his voice , " she said . But she added , "  Our relationship has had to take a hit . I 'm married to a different man now . I love him . Just as much as I 've always loved him . But he 's different . " The Riouxes said they are not looking for a handout and want to work . "  We 're not a charity case , and we 're not looking for sympathy , " Maggie Rioux said . "  We 're angry about the VA. . We 're angry about so many things , including all of the other soldiers and veterans that are waiting longer than we have . "	Veteran Mike Rioux waited for more than a year for disability benefits The Department of Veterans Affairs expects 1 million claims this year alone The backlog has meant an average wait of eight months
George W. Bush went home to Texas nearly six years ago , but the nation is still working through the contentious national security legacy he left behind . A hotly disputed Senate report on the CIA 's brutal interrogation tactics is tearing open barely healed political wounds first opened after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . The report found CIA tactics were more brutal than previously known and accused the agency of keeping the Bush White House and Congress in the dark about them . The questions raised by the Intelligence Committee 's document -- about how to wage a relentless war on terrorism within constitutional and moral constraints -- seem as intense as ever . And the debate is not nearing resolution . President Barack Obama came to power vowing to turn the page from Bush-era terror policies , which he said flouted core American values . But three-quarters of the way through his own two-term presidency , he is still wrestling with the long shadow cast by the war on terror and the methods Bush chose to fight it . And in some cases , Obama is facing his own criticism for his approach to terrorism , including his decision to vastly expand a drone program bequeathed him by Bush . The reaction of a deeply polarized Congress to the long delayed Senate Intelligence Committee report , not to mention fierce CIA push back , shows how hard it will be to build any national consensus on the proper approach to a threat like terrorism . "  One of the strengths that makes America exceptional is our willingness to openly confront our past , face our imperfections , make changes and do better , " Obama said in a statement . "  Rather than another reason to refight old arguments , I hope that today 's report can help us leave these techniques where they belong -- in the past . " Obama banned "  enhanced interrogation techniques " like water boarding and sleep deprivation , that were the subject of the report released Tuesday , soon after taking office in 2009 . ` Old arguments ' But resolving those "  old arguments " is proving more difficult . The United States , for instance , has transferred prisoners to foreign governments that still employ harsh techniques . And Obama faces questions about his own conduct in the campaign against terrorism , notably the drone expansion . That program , which utilizes drones armed with missiles to pursue terror suspects outside any sort of judicial process in foreign countries , has raised moral questions rivaling those about the torture program . Sen. John McCain made the most passionate case against CIA tactics many see as torture on Tuesday . His remarks were particularly notable because Obama defeated McCain in 2008 in an election that served as a rejection of Bush 's national security leadership . "  What were the policies ? What was their purpose ? Did they achieve it ? " McCain , who suffered torture himself as a prisoner during the Vietnam War , asked . "  Did they make us safer ? Less safe ? Or did they make no difference ? What did they gain us ? What did they cost us ? " He added : "  The American people need the answers to these questions . " But as Tuesday 's release of the majority report by Democrats on the committee showed , those questions remain deeply divisive . "  It 's a pure political piece of crap , " said the normally courtly Utah GOP Sen. Orrin Hatch . Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio accused the committee led by outgoing Democratic chairwoman Dianne Feinstein of trying to embarrass the Bush administration by publishing the report . Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he had always believed that the CIA tactics were counterproductive . But he said the Obama administration , which has sought to try terror suspects in civilian courts , had gone far too far in repudiating Bush-era methods . "  The policies the Obama Administration has employed , treat terrorists as common criminals , not enemy combatants , " Graham said in a statement . "  I 'm convinced their criminalization of the war is causing our nation to lose valued intelligence which can help protect our nation . " Acknowledgment of crimes Some critics of the Bush administration anti-terrorism strategy say the arguments will never be resolved without some public acknowledgment that crimes were committed . The Justice Department has twice investigated the issue of enhanced interrogations and decided against bringing charges against CIA operatives who were under intense pressure to avoid additional attacks after September 11 . Obama has also made a political decision that despite his belief enhanced interrogation compromised bedrock American values , he will not seek to dredge up the past by backing prosecution for CIA officers opposed by crimes . But Baher Azmy , legal director of the Center For Constitutional Rights , which represents some detainees at Guantanamo Bay , said the CIA had used false claims to cover up "  monstrous crimes . " "  We renew our demand for accountability for those individuals responsible for the CIA torture program , " Azmy said in a statement . Anthony Romero , executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union , called for a special prosecutor to hold the "  architects and perpetrators of the torture program " accountable . "  This should be the beginning of a process , not the end . The report should shock President Obama and Congress into action , to make sure that torture and cruelty are never used again . " But independent Sen. Angus King , who sits on the Senate Intelligence Committee , told CNN that prosecutions are "  not really the point . " "  I am less concerned about prosecutions than I am about -- let ' s not let this happen again . " Senior officials have privately said that Obama sees putting the war on terror onto a more sustainable footing as one of the key tasks of his presidency . "  We must define the nature and scope of this struggle , or else it will define us , " Obama said in a signature speech at the National Defense University last year . Obama 's unresolved questions But the president looks certain to hand many unresolved questions on how to combat terrorism to his successor , as Bush passed them to him . Obama has yet to honor a promise to close Guantanamo Bay , due to Republican opposition and logistical issues about what to do with prisoners like confessed September 11 mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed . Spurred by revelations from fugitive intelligence analyst Edward Snowden , Obama has also put new constraints on the National Security Agency 's phone record and data trawling programs but declined to end them . And after pulling troops out of Iraq and ending combat in Afghanistan , the president will spend his last two years in office wrestling with a new front in the war on terror -- ISIS in Syria and Iraq . There was no word on Tuesday from the man back at the center of the debate : Bush . But the former president told CNN 's Candy Crowley last week that the United States was "  fortunate to have men and women who work hard at the CIA serving on our behalf . " Former Vice President Dick Cheney -- the architect of many Bush war on terror policies -- told the New York Times that claims that the CIA acted unlawfully were "  a bunch of hooey . "	Bush anti-terror legacy still contested six years after he left office Obama warns against refighting old arguments McCain : the American people ` need answers ' Obama 's own ` war on terror ' tactics in question
CNN  -- Word that President Obama might pile comprehensive immigration reform onto his already-full plate reignited calls from some for an urgent overhaul and brought cries from others that the timing could n't be worse . New citizens take the oath of citizenship during ceremonies in Montebello , California , on Thursday . "  It 's more important than ever to address immigration reform right now , " said Ian Haney Lopez , a professor of law at the University of California-Berkeley . The financial and cultural dynamics of the economy make reform so urgent , he said . "  I worry that in the context of an economic downturn , the cultural response of that economic downturn will be to search for someone to blame , and that someone usually turns out to be a foreigner or someone perceived as foreigner , " he said . As a financial dynamic , he said , the economy also calls for immigration reform : "  It 's a mistake to understand immigrants as a drain on the economy . Immigrants in fact are the engine of development in this country and always have been , " he said . Watch : Is the push for immigration reform real ? " But Carol Swain , a professor of law and political science at Vanderbilt University and author of "  Debating Immigration , " has little hope that Obama will be the president to reform the system . "  I think the timing could not be worse . I do n't understand the timing behind even raising the issue right now with the economy being as poor as it is , " said Swain , who has identified with Democrats and independents but recently switched to the Republican Party . "  There 's just so many Americans of all groups that are unemployed or their future is so uncertain , " she said . "  It 's not a good time to be talking about allowing people who are holding jobs and not entitled to to remain in the country , and continue holding those jobs . " There are roughly 12 million illegal immigrants in the United States . Obama has supported a combination of enforcing laws and opening up the system . He wants to see a pass for citizenship that would mean having an illegal immigrant pay a fine , learn English and then get in line for citizenship . Critics refer to that "  path to citizenship " as amnesty . Robert Rector , a senior research fellow at the Heritage Foundation , said the United States has a de facto amnesty situation now , because laws against hiring illegal immigrants are n't enforced . "  If you did enforce it , it would open up many new job openings for American workers who are currently unemployed and need those jobs , " he said . Legalizing workers and granting amnesty , he said , "  is a massive bailout for illegal immigration . It 's a pillaging expedition on the American taxpayer . " Watch arguments for and against immigration push " But Haney Lopez argues that the populist outrage about immigration is "  based on a myth . " "  And the myth is that these are people who are sneaking across the border but otherwise have no contact with the country and whom the country otherwise rejects . That they 're wholly unwelcome . And that 's just not reality , " he said . The United States and Mexico -- as well as other parts of Latin America and Asia -- have had a pattern of circular migration for more than a century , he said . "  We are a country of immigrants , and immigrants have always been essential to who we are culturally and socially . So it 's simply a mistake to see these people as somehow interlopers , " he said . He sees amnesty as a solution , since undocumented workers are coming to the United States because of the demand . If immigrants were given amnesty and the opportunity to work for minimum wage , Americans would n't see themselves as in competition with the undocumented workers , he said . "  The way to reduce the attractiveness of immigrant labor is to legalize immigrant labor , " he said . The White House downplayed reports Thursday that the Obama administration would push for reform as early as next month , clarifying that while the issue is a priority , the economy comes first . One senior administration official cautioned that immigration will not be on the same track as other key initiatives , like health care and energy , and nobody 's promising legislation or a vote this year . Watch more on Obama 's plan to tackle immigration reform " As a candidate , Obama promised immigration issues would be a priority in his first year . He won 67 percent of the Latino vote . Fierce critics of his plan say that 's exactly what this is about . "  There 's no way the American people are going to understand a move , a big move for an immigration amnesty now as anything other than a naked party power grab of putting party interest above public interest , " said Dan Stein , president of the Federation for American Immigration Reform . Swain , the Vanderbilt professor , said immigration reform is something that must be done , "  but it needs to be done in the right way . " Involving special interest groups in designing the policy , she said , "  would be disastrous . " She said the only way to truly reform immigration is by having an independent body develop a package for Congress to vote on . Haney Lopez said that denying a route to legalization is "  antithetical to American values , " and by doing so , "  we are creating a permanent caste system . " "  That 's very dangerous for a country like the United States founded on principles of equality and participatory democracy , " he said . CNN 's Candy Crowley contributed to this report .	"  It 's more important than ever to address immigration reform , " one professor says Another argues reform is needed , but the timing is bad , given the economy As a candidate , Obama promised immigration would be a priority in first year One expert says populist outrage about immigration is "  based on a myth "
CNN  -- Imagine this : Floating in freezing water for 20 hours a day , over seven excruciating days , beneath a 90-meter iceberg which may or may not collapse on you , crushing you to death . Why would anybody to do this ? To surf a wave , of course . The man crazy -- or brave -- enough to dream up such a challenge , is Garrett McNamara . The same man who surfed the world 's biggest wave -- a 24-meter monster -- off the coast of Portugal in 2011 . It would be too easy to describe the 45-year-old American as an "  adrenalin junkie . " Instead , McNamara 's addiction to "  the rush , " as he so frequently describes it , is so all-consuming it 's practically the life-giving blood pumping through his veins . It 's also the reason the father-of-three risks his life in one of the most dangerous , and jaw-droppingly breathtaking , extreme sports on the planet -- glacier surfing . Glacial gladiator In 2007 , McNamara became the first person to surf a glacier wave -- a wave created when a 75-meter chunk of ice broke off from a massive glacier in Alaska . As the block of ice plummeted into the Copper River , it created a two-meter-high wave which McNamara surfed -- the first and probably only person ever to ride such a swell . "  It was the closest I 've ever come to death , " said the man who has surfed nine-story waves on the most rugged coastlines in the world . "  I was up to my neck in water , looking up at this 90-meter tall glacier , waiting for the ice to break off and hoping that it 'll fall straight into the water -- because if it falls flat you 'll be squashed under it . " McNamara spent a week camped out at the glacier , spending up to 20 hours a day in the freezing water , waiting for the ice to break off and give him the most exhilarating ride of his life . "  I wanted to go home after the first day , " McNamara admitted . "  But it 's fun to be the first to do something . It 's a totally new experience -- no one can tell you what it feels like , what to expect . " Tiny terror Even as a child growing up in Pittsfield , Massachusetts , McNamara was always testing the boundaries of danger . "  My brothers said I was always the craziest , always pushing buttons , " he said . "  When I was five-years-old I was jumping off two-story buildings . " When McNamara was 11 years old his family moved to Hawaii , where he replaced his hobby of skateboarding with surfing -- "  From the very first day , I fell in love with it , " he said . By 17 , he was competing in the prestigious Hawaiian Triple Crown and for the next decades traveled the globe as part of the professional surfing circuit . "  I really just want to get beautiful barrels , " he said . "  You 're in your own world . It 's a place where time stands still , where all you can hear is your heart beat . " Big wave hunter Then in the 1990s came one of the most revolutionary developments since the sport began -- tow-surfing . For the first time , surfers could be towed out to the biggest waves in the world with a jet ski -- and McNamara was quick to jump on board . "  Danger is real . But fear is something we create , " he said . "  We create fear when we think about the future and what could happen -- I 'm in the moment . " Watching McNamara in action , a tiny speck skidding down the towering face of a nine-story wave , is enough to make your stomach drop . But he remains almost nonchalant . "  If you look at the statistics , it 's a lot more dangerous to ride down a highway than a big wave , " he said . "  If you do n't make the wave , the jet ski will come get you . In 2000 we started using life jackets , so as long as you can hold your breath under water for long enough , you 're OK . " Record breaker It 's perhaps that practical attitude which has seen McNamara smash surfing records . In 2011 he rode the biggest wave in the world -- a 24-meter monster in Nazare , Portugal . Earlier this year he returned to the same spot to ride another huge wave , that may have been up to 30 meters high . "  I 'm looking for the rush , " McNamara said . "  But lately I 've had a really hard time finding it . "  When I surfed the glacial wave it was mind-bending , it was the heaviest rush . But since that day I 've found it difficult to get that rush in the ocean . It made me realize how comfortable I feel on big waves . " McNamara 's describes his obsession with that elusive rush as "  like a monkey on my back . " Though he chuckles as he adds : "  I think the monkey 's starting to lose his grip . "	Glacier wave surfing : Is this the world 's wildest extreme sport ? U.S. surfer Garrett McNamara the first person to ride a glacial swell Daredevil also rode biggest ocean wave , 24-meter monster off Portugal Says he is chasing "  the rush . " But admits thrill is gone after glacier stunt
LONDON , England  CNN  -- There are some circuits that are cornerstones of the Formula 1 calendar : the Monacos and Silverstones whose every twist and turn are known intimately by the drivers and engineers . Then there are the newer circuits -- Malaysia and Bahrain , for instance -- but even these have become familiar to the drivers and their backroom boffins . Fuji Speedway employees pose behind a scale model of the new circuit and in front of an overhead view . Next week they have something completely new to contend with : a track that has yet to see a single F1 team put in a single lap . The Japan Grand Prix is to return to the Fuji Speedway , a circuit that has n't seen an F1 race since 1977  though now with a substantially different track layout  . The Fuji circuit will be familiar to fans of classic arcade games . The old Fuji Speedway was the setting for the 1982 arcade game Pole Position  released by Namco in Japan and Atari in the rest of the world  . The most notable aspect of the circuit is the vision of Mount Fuji , Japan 's tallest mountain , looming in the distance . Though the move to this picturesque location is not without its controversies . The Suzuka track -- which had held Japanese Grands Prix between 1987 and 2006 -- had been popular with drivers and fans alike , but for this year and the next the Japanese Grand Prix will be held at Fuji . However an announcement by Formula One Management  FOM  this month revealed that Suzuka will return to the calendar for 2009 -- on the condition that the circuit makes some approved modifications -- with the location of the Japanese Grand Prix alternating yearly between Fuji and Suzuka after that . Behind the scenes is a political battleground -- both circuits are owned by car manufacturers with F1 connections -- Honda owns Suzuka , Toyota owns Fuji . Toyota is a relative newcomer to F1 but , having this year surpassed General Motors as the world 's number one automobile manufacturer , and reputedly having the best funded team in the paddock  a position that has n't been reflected in sporting success  , it is not without clout . The redesign of the Fuji track was carried out by Hermann Tilke in 2003 . Tilke , a German architect redesigned a number of F1 circuits in the 1990s and has since designed many new grand prix tracks including Malaysia , Istanbul , Bahrain and Shanghai , and the tracks for 2008 's debut grands prix in Singapore and Valencia . So how do F1 teams prepare for a new circuit such as Fuji without data from previous races to fall back on ? The answer lies with computer simulation . Computer-aided design  CAD  is as much a part of the design of a circuit these days as it is a part of the design of the high-tech cars . Every bend , every straight and every camber is fastidiously analyzed on screen before an ounce of dirt is shifted on the ground itself . Despite never having raced on the circuit , the teams have been testing their cars on a virtual Fuji Speedway for some time . BMW Sauber 's simulation experts received CAD data from the Japanese race organizers late last year . And when their cars arrive at Fuji for testing next week , their race set-up should be close to optimum . The circuit was analyzed and broken up into between 500 and 800 segments . The radius of each individual segment was measured , allowing the engineers to exactly calculate the optimum racing line  the route around the circuit that covers the shortest possible distance  . Then the effects of factors such as gradients and inclines were calculated . The slightest change in angle of a gradient can have significant effects on the downforce and aerodynamic profile of a car . "  In order to avoid losing precious time during the race weekend , we need to have as accurate as possible a picture of downforce levels , gearbox ratios and brake specification in advance , " says Willy Rampf , Technical Director of the BMW Sauber F1 Team . Dieter Glass , Chief Race and Test Engineer with Toyota F1 explains : "  You start to determine what downforce level gives the best lap time on the new circuit . Once you know that , you look into which gear ratios suit the track with the given level of downforce , before you get into more detailed simulations of different set-up solutions . "  Getting a bit closer to the weekend , you start running race simulations in order to predict the optimum race strategy . This prediction takes into account estimates of relevant characteristics of the new track , like the degradation of the two Bridgestone tire compounds and the effect the fuel has on lap time . If you have more fuel in the car , this affects your lap time , but we can accurately predict how much time is lost with every extra kilogram of fuel carried . " One peculiarity of the Fuji circuit is the exceptionally long main straight , which at 1.475 km  0.916 miles  will allow for higher-than average-straight line speeds but , after the straight the track is relatively twisty . The teams have to find a balance between getting the most speed into the straight , and the best grip decelerating into the bends . "  You have some very slow corners which require good mechanical grip , " says Glass , "  and as always you want good grip in general , but you have to balance that with the long straight , where you need low enough downforce to get a level of drag which allows you to have a good top speed . " The testing may be virtual , but the teams hope that these virtual figures are a hair 's breadth away from real world eventualities : "  Our aim is to ensure that the lap times and top speed calculated using the simulation software do not vary by more than one percent from the actual values , " says Rampf . Not that everything can be predicted : "  I think we are quite accurate but the ultimate response to that is very difficult to say for sure because it very much depends on what happens in the race , " continues Glass . "  Many incidents can happen , which then have a positive or an adverse affect on strategy . " E-mail to a friend	Re-designed Fuji Speedway to host its first Japanese Grand Prix since 1977 Suzuka to alternate with Fuji from 2009 Computer models used to prepare teams for the unfamiliar circuit
CNN  -- Hope Murray thought her prayers had been answered . Hope Murray , left , was desperate to find affordable health care for her daughter Meredith . Her daughter , Meredith , desperately needed to see a doctor after suffering a brain injury in a car accident , but health insurance companies would n't sell her a policy because of her pre-existing condition . So Murray was relieved to find Direct Medical Network Solutions Inc. while surfing the Internet . It was n't insurance but a program that advertised deep discounts at doctors ' offices and hospitals . Murray immediately signed up for the program , which she says advertised $ 30 doctor visits and $ 50 visits to specialists . "  It was pretty phenomenal , " Murray said . "  They promised me everything was included , " including doctor visits , vision , dental and hospital stays . "  They even mentioned the Mayo Clinic . " Murray paid $ 314 for the card up front and then $ 179 each month after that . Her daughter made an appointment to see Dr. Robert Epsten , a San Diego , California , gastroenterologist , to get treatment for her Crohn 's disease . Epsten was listed on Direct Med 's Web site as being part of its network , but when Meredith arrived at Epsten 's office , his staff said they did n't accept the Direct Med card . In fact , they said they 'd never even heard of Direct Med , Hope Murray says . According to Murray , this same scene played out with several other doctors and hospitals . "  I have never been more angry , more furious about anything in my life , " Murray said . "  It is a bogus scam that hurts people . It should be a crime for people to do that . " The Federal Trade Commission and at least eight states have taken action against more than two dozen health cards for offering discounts services that do n't exist . "  Medical discount cards are spreading like kudzu , " said Jim Quiggle , a spokesman for the Coalition Against Insurance Fraud . "  There 's a tremendous amount of fraud and deception in these plans because they 're not well regulated . " "  Medical discount cards are awful , " said Nancy Metcalf , senior program editor with Consumer Reports . "  They 're absolute ripoffs . I would stay away from them completely . " Two to 4 million people have purchased health care discount cards like the one Murray bought , according to the Consumer Health Alliance , a trade group representing companies that sell the cards . The group acknowledges that there are some dishonest companies out there but says they do not reflect the majority of the industry . On its Web site , Consumer Health Alliance has set up a consumer guide for shopping for a discount health care program . The cards are attractive to people like Murray who do n't have health insurance from their jobs and ca n't buy it on their own . "  Members stay in these programs because they see the savings , " said Allen Erenbaum , a lawyer for the Consumer Health Alliance . "  Discount health care programs are n't the answer to this country 's health care crisis , but for people without any access to insurance , saving money with these programs is better than nothing . " Hope Murray canceled her daughter 's card in March , three months after signing up . Meredith , who recently received a master 's degree in rehabilitative counseling , is now looking for a job with health benefits . Repeated phone calls and e-mails seeking comment from Direct Med have gone unanswered . Epsten is still listed on Direct Med 's Web site as an in-network doctor , but when CNN called his office , his staff said they did n't accept the card . The National Association of Insurance Commissioners says that although some discount cards are fraudulent , others are legitimate . Here are some tips to know a good company from a bad one . Consumer advocates say you should suspect a scam if : 1 . You learn of the discount card from a blast fax or Internet popup ad . The National Association of Insurance Commissioners considers this a red flag that you 're about to be scammed . You can read the rest of the warnings on its Web site . 2 . They promise a certain percentage savings . "  A 30 percent discount means nothing . Thirty percent off of what ? " Metcalf asked . 3 . They use the term "  guaranteed coverage . " This makes the card sound like insurance , which it 's not , says the Coalition Against Insurance Fraud . The coalition also lists other scam alerts on its Web site . 4 . They wo n't give you a list of providers until you sign up . The discount card company should tell you the providers up front . If they wo n't , hang up the phone . If they do , call the providers and verify that they take the card . 5 . It sounds too good to be true . "  If you 've looked into getting regular insurance and gotten a price , and then you find something way cheaper , that 's a huge red flag , " Metcalf said . "  It 's cheaper for a reason . " CNN 's Jennifer Pifer Bixler and Sabriya Rice contributed to this report .	Between 2 and 4 million people have purchased health care discount cards Cards promise discounts at hospitals and doctors ' offices Some card companies scam consumers : discounts do n't exist FTC , eight states have taken action against health card scams
Irbil , Iraq  CNN  They take sledgehammers to statues with an uncommon gusto -- destroying in seconds what may have survived centuries . New video released by ISIS shows militants smashing what they say are antiquities at a museum in Mosul , Iraq . Men shove statues off pedestals , and use hammers and drills to destroy what 's left . An unnamed militant offers the following explanation : "  These antiquities and idols behind me were from people in past centuries and were worshiped instead of God . "  When God Almighty orders us to destroy these statues , idols and antiquities , we must do it , even if they 're worth billions of dollars , " he says . It 's not clear from the footage how many of the pieces were originals , versus replicas . Experts are clear in saying , however , the video represents a clear loss . Qais Hussain Rashid , director general of Iraqi museums at the Ministry of Antiquities and Tourism , said Friday on Iraqiya TV that most of the artifacts shown in the ISIS video were real -- including a famed , millennia-old winged bull that 's seen being defaced with a drill . "  Mosul Museum has 173 original pieces , and there were preparations to reopen the Mosul Museum before ISIS invaded the city in June 2014 , " Rashid said . He added that Mosul has more than 1,700 historical sites that are potentially at risk . "  On repeated viewing of that very grainy video , we now suspect that there  were  far more originals in the museum than I first thought , " said Eleanor Robson , chairwoman of the British Institute for the Study of Iraq . "  Whilst there was indeed a program to relocate antiquities to safekeeping in Baghdad , it looks now as though it did n't reach that particular museum . " "  I condemn this as a deliberate attack against Iraq 's millennial history and culture , and as an inflammatory incitement to violence and hatred , " said Irina Bokova , director-general of UNESCO , the United Nations cultural organization . "  This attack is far more than a cultural tragedy -- this is also a security issue as it fuels sectarianism , violent extremism and conflict in Iraq , " she said , calling for an emergency meeting of the Security Council to protect Iraq 's cultural heritage . How ISIS is run CNN has extensively reported on ISIS ' destruction of some ancient and deeply meaningful sites in that country . Officials there have said ISIS has blown up shrines such as the tomb of Jonah . Its motives are not purely ideological , however ; ISIS makes money off looting . Rashid has told CNN that ISIS sells stolen antiquities to criminals and antique dealers on the black market . Everything to know about the rise of ISIS The militant group also allows locals to dig at ancient sites as long as those people give ISIS a percentage of the monetary value of anything found , according to a September 2014 New York Times opinion piece written by three people who had recently returned from southern Turkey and interviewed people who live and work in ISIS-controlled territory . ISIS ' system of profiteering from antiquities thieving is very complicated , the three said , adding that for some areas along the Euphrates River , ISIS leaders encourage semiprofessional field crews to dig . ISIS militant ` Jihadi John ' identified Ben Wedeman reported this story from Irbil . Dana Ford reported and wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Ashley Fantz and Yousuf Basil also contributed to this report .	Director general of Iraqi museums says Mosul Museum had 173 original pieces It 's not clear from the footage how many of the pieces were originals , versus replicas UNESCO chief : "  This attack is far more than a cultural tragedy -- this is also a security issue as it fuels sectarianism "
CNN  -- Global wine production is booming with vineyards springing up everywhere from China to the United States , Chile and New Zealand . But when a recent report authored by Morgan Stanley Research predicted a looming global wine shortage , vinophiles took to social media to express their dismay over the bleak news . The report stated that the international demand for wine outweighed production by 300 million cases in 2012 -- dropping to its lowest point in over 40 years . With worldwide consumption jumping by 1 % last year , the researchers concluded demand could overtake supply in the coming years pushing the price of wine up . As the viticulture chaos ensued , France 's International Organization of Vine and Wine  OIV  released their very own forecast report that countered Morgan Stanley 's analysis . While Morgan Stanley 's figures were n't incorrect , per se , their forecast did not take into account 2013 's production levels which actually show a return to 2006 production levels , a healthy state of production for the industry . What 's more -- Spain , Italy , France and Chile produced record wine levels in 2013 . "  It 's how you interpret those figures . For all intents and purposes , for those of us in the West who are consumers , no -- there is not going to be a wine shortage , " says Felicity Carter , editor-in-chief of Meininger 's Wine Business International magazine . "  The question is whether there is going to be a wine shortage for consumers in markets that are extremely price sensitive -- like parts of Eastern Europe -- because the cheaper wine that they drink will be diverted to bulk up wine that goes into big consumption markets . " Carter echoes the OIV report pointing to the significant increase in production in EU countries like Croatia , Greece , Hungary and Romania and if vineyards from these areas could find stronger distribution avenues within the international market , there will be plentiful bottles to go around . With poor wine harvests in recent years thanks to erratic weather from climate change , Carter acknowledges this could impact wine production levels . While consumers are not going to see a drastic price difference when purchasing wine from supermarkets , she says it all depends on the region of wine . "  The Burgundy harvest and the Bordeaux harvest this year have been abysmal ... If you wanted wine from the 2013 Burgundy or some parts of France , you 're going to have a big problem . You will probably pay a lot more for those wines , " she explains . "  The question is can you substitute other types of wine for those ? Now , the answer is yes . " She adds : "  Morgan Stanley , by the way , were not wrong in what they said . They did use very good figures and they do know what they are talking about but the world of wine is just so complex . "	World is facing a significant wine shortage , according to Morgan Stanley report Industry experts release global production report countering Morgan Stanley findings Old world wines continue to stabilize after poor harvests in recent years , say experts
CNN  -- The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda on Thursday convicted the "  mastermind " of the Rwandan genocide and sentenced him to life in prison for genocide , crimes against humanity , and war crimes . Theoneste Bagosora , right , and his co-defendant Anatole Nsengiyumva , left , arrive in court . It is the first time the tribunal has convicted high-level officials for the 100-day genocide in 1994 which left an estimated 800,000 people dead . Theoneste Bagosora , 67 , a colonel in the Rwandan army , was found guilty along with two other men -- Major Aloys Ntabakuze and Lieutenant Colonel Anatole Nsengiyumva . All were sentenced to life in prison . The tribunal -- located in Arusha , Tanzania -- acquitted General Gratien Kabiligi , the former head of military operations , and ordered his immediate release . CNN Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour -- who covered the story -- called the verdicts "  a real turning point and a milestone in justice . " Watch CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on the verdict " "  It sends a message that right up the chain of command , you can not hide , " Amanpour said . The court said Bagosora was a key figure in drawing up plans for the genocide . A Hutu , Bagosora was convicted of ordering Hutu militia to slaughter rival Tutsis . The massacres began after a plane crash on April 6 , 1994 that killed the presidents of Rwanda and neighboring Burundi . The court said the plane was brought down by a surface-to-air missile fired from the airport in Kigali , the Rwandan capital . Watch what happened in the court " Bagosora decided the military should take over and he refused to involve the prime minister , Agathe Uwilingiyimana , in any discussions , the court found . April 7 , while Bagosora held a crisis meeting with top military officials , the prime minister was arrested , sexually assaulted and killed by top members of the Rwandan Army , the court found . Find out more about the world 's killing fields " That made Bagosora the head of all political and military affairs in Rwanda , and in that capacity , he was at the top of the chain of command . The same day the prime minister was killed , the court said , army personnel confined and killed four important opposition leaders -- including the president of the constitutional court and government ministers -- and murdered 10 Belgian peacekeepers who had been dispatched to the prime minister 's residence . The court found Bagosora bore responsibility for those and other killings because he commanded those who carried out the crimes . "  Bagosora was the highest authority in the Ministry of Defense and exercised effective control of the Rwandan army and gendarmerie , " said Presiding Judge Erik Mose . "  He 's therefore responsible for the murder of the prime minister , the four opposition politicians , the 10 Belgian peacekeepers , as well as the extensive military involvement in the killing of civilians during this period . " ICTR Prosecutor Hassan Bubacar Jallow said the convicted men "  prepared , planned , ordered , directed , incited , encouraged and approved the murder of innocent civilian Tutsis . " The killings were carried out by military personnel on the orders of Rwandan authorities including Bagosora , the court said . The court found that from April to July 1994 , Bagosora exercised authority over members of the Rwandan Army and their militiamen , who committed massacres throughout Rwanda with Bagosora 's knowledge . "  In all the regions of the country , members of the Tutsi population who were fleeing from the massacres on their hills sought refuge in locations they thought would be safe , often on the recommendation of the local civil and military authorities , " the indictment said . "  In many of these places , despite the promise that they would be protected by the local civil and military authorities , the refugees were attacked , abducted and massacred , often on the orders or with the complicity of those same authorities . " The indictment against Bagosora alleged he had been opposed to concessions made by his government to Tutsi rebels at 1993 peace talks in Tanzania , and had left the negotiations saying he was returning to Rwanda to "  prepare the apocalypse . " The U.N. established the tribunal in late 1994 . The trial began in April 2002 and has been deliberating since June 1 , 2007 . During the trial , the court heard 242 witnesses -- 82 for the prosecution and 160 for the defense . The three convicted men will be held in the tribunal 's custody until a state can be found to house them . The genocide 's impact is still be felt today , with recent fighting in neighbouring Congo blamed on lingering tensions from the slaughter . Rebel leader Laurent Nkunda says his forces are fighting to defend Congolese Tutsis from Hutu militants who escaped to Congo .	Bagosora guilty of masterminding genocide which left at least 800,000 dead Genocide began after plane carrying the leaders of Rwanda , Burundi crashed Bagosora was charged with genocide and crimes against humanity The United Nations established the genocide tribunal in late 1994
CNN  -- China is facing its worst wave of labour unrest since a series of wildcat strikes at Japanese-owned car plants last year , as declining export orders force factories to reduce worker pay . More than 10,000 workers in Shenzhen and Dongguan , two leading export centres in southern Guangdong province , have gone on strike over the past week . The latest protests broke out on Tuesday at a Taiwanese computer factory in Shenzhen . "  There has been an intensification of labour unrest in the past week that is probably the most significant spike in unrest since the summer of 2010 , " said Geoffrey Crothall of China Labour Bulletin , a Hong Kong-based labour advocacy group that monitors unrest in China . The strikes come amid mounting concerns about the global economy , which is suffering from the European sovereign debt crisis and a weak recovery in the US . Fears about the Chinese economy grew on Wednesday after a manufacturing index compiled by HSBC fell to levels not seen since March 2009 . Last week , Guangdong 's acting governor said the province 's exports dropped 9 per cent in October from the previous month . Provincial leaders are also contending with widespread protests by farmers over land seizures . On Monday nearly 5,000 residents in the town of Wukan marched on government offices in a peaceful protest . Factories are cutting the overtime that workers depend on to supplement their modest base salaries , after a drop in overseas orders . According to CLB , the average basic wage for electronic workers is about Rmb1 ,500  $ 236  a month , but rises to Rmb2 ,500 with overtime . "  Their basic wage is never enough on its own without overtime , " Mr Crothall said . Tuesday 's protests followed a bigger demonstration last week at a shoe factory in Dongguan that supplies footwear to Nike and Adidas . About 7,000 workers at the Taiwanese factory , owned by Pou Chen , objected to a cut in their overtime and management 's decision to shift some work to other factories in the Chinese hinterland and Vietnam , where labour costs are lower . "  We were forced to return to the factory , " one worker told the Financial Times . "  But we just sit there . No one is operating machines . " The worker , who did not want to be identified , said the local government had taken a tough stance during negotiations and sided with the management . With additional reporting by Zhou Ping	China is facing its worst wave of labor unrest since a series of wildcat strikes last year More than 10,000 workers in Shenzhen and Dongguan have gone on strike the past week
CNN  -- More than a week into the tournament , diehard World Cup fans are losing sleep and falling down on their jobs as they yell at their TV and computer screens . For those who have n't caught football fever , the enthusiasm and the sport may leave them befuddled . But behind the World Cup there are stories that can speak to everyone . 1 . It 's a family affair When Germany and Ghana face off Saturday , two brothers will as well . For Jerome Boateng , Germany defender , the match will be especially loaded . He 'll be playing against not just his half-brother , Ghana 's midfielder Kevin-Prince Boateng , but also their father 's home country -- a place he 's never even visited , according to FIFA . The brothers have reportedly ceased contact during the World Cup to keep their heads in the game . But will they hug on the field ? And who will family members , if they 're sitting in the stands , root for ? Hopefully cameras will swing their direction so we can find out . 2 . Seeking light amid the darkness of violence Nigerians love their football . In fact , market researchers at Repucom determined it 's got the world 's biggest football fan base out there . More specifically , the firm 's study shows 83 % of Nigerians are interested in the sport and 65 % participate . Those figures dwarf other nations , including World Cup host Brazil -- where 67 % are fans and 28 % play . So football fanatics from that African nation will certainly have a vested interest in their team 's Saturday World Cup game against Bosnia and Herzegovina . And given the tragedy that befell football watchers last Tuesday -- when a Boko Haram-backed explosion rocked a viewing center in northeastern Nigeria , killing up to 21 sports fans -- a win for Nigerians may be extra sweet . 3 . It 's getting hot in here The heat and humidity in Brazil , some locations more than others , have been taking a toll on players . Dehydration . Cramps . Even hallucinations . There have been complaints about it all . Some have attributed a rash of injuries to the conditions . The venue in Manaus , an Amazonian city , has been especially brutal . A quick online look at temps Saturday show that Argentina and Iran may be playing in 95-degree  Fahrenheit  conditions . The good news for them , though : humidity will only be at 45 % . Conditions for Germany and Ghana , on the other hand , look like they 'll be 67 degrees with 76 % humidity ; Nigeria and Bosnia and Herzegovina will face 86 degrees and about 61 % humidity . The 2022 FIFA World Cup will be played in Qatar , where average temps this time of year exceed 100 degrees Fahrenheit . 4 . What 's in a name ? The Three Lions  England  may have gone home , but the Desert Foxes  Algeria  are still in the game . Each team in the World Cup arrives with a nickname . Some seem inspired : Clockwork Orange  Netherlands  ; the Coffee Growers  Colombia  ; Blue Samurai  Japan  . Others are less so -- though at first glance they may fool you : Nationalmannschaft  Germany  ; Sbornaya  Russia  , and Team Melli  Iran  . The translation for these three : National Team . Really ? That 's the best you 've got ? There are three games Saturday . Here 's who is up : The White and Sky Blue  Argentina  v. Team Melli  Iran National Team  Germany  v. Black Stars  Ghana Super Eagles  Nigeria  v. Dragons  Bosnia and Herzegovina 5 . Kicking politics aside The World Cup tournament , which draws together 32 nations , puts the sport before politics . That mindset remains year-round for Dan Gaspar , the Portuguese-American goalkeeping coach for team Iran -- which goes up against Argentina . He took the job in Iran to work with his friend and former colleague Carlos Queiroz , the football team 's head coach . It was a decision that went against the advice of most . After all , was n't Iran supposed to be America 's enemy ? "  Sports is my life , " Gaspar told CNN 's Reza Sayah . "  When I came to Iran it did n't have anything to do with political reasons . My personality is one of adventure and curiosity . I wanted to experience a culture in a part of the world I had never been to . " Iran has surprised him . His impressions before coming have n't matched reality . "  When you listen to the news and you read the news , you see things . Sometimes during commercials I step off my couch and look out of the balcony and it 's not what I am seeing , it 's not what I am reading , it 's not what I am hearing , " he told Sayah . "  If I would 've listened to the experts , and my friends , and family , I would have never been here in Iran . It 's been part of my life for three years and the memories will last a lifetime . " Brazil 2014 : Score updates and schedule of matches World Cup by the numbers : Who 's in , who 's out ? World Cup : WAGs to riches - The business of being perfect	Germany vs. Ghana will pit half-brother against half-brother It 's going to be hot on the fields , and not from any temper flareups The panoply of team names runs from clever to colorful to could-use-some-creativity
CNN  A humpback whale has become tangled up in a synthetic line attached to a buoy off the coast of the island of Hawaii . Maritime officials are trying to find the right opportunity to unsnarl the roughly 45-foot-long mammal as it swims around the Big Island . "  We want it to come back to an area that is safe . It is not too easy to detangle a 40 ton animal , " said Edward Lyman , the Large Whale Entanglement Response Coordinator in Hawaii for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . The humpback was first spotted Friday . It has since been sighted several times by people as it moves around the island counterclockwise , dragging the red buoy with it . "  We know that these situations are not immediately life threatening , but the animal will eventually succumb to this if we do n't rescue it , " Lyman told CNN on Tuesday . Weather conditions and the whale 's shifting location appear to have complicated the task . "  We are standing by waiting for certain things to come together , " Lyman said . Whales regularly get caught up in lines around the Hawaiian Islands . "  In the past year , 13 large whales have been reported entangled in gear and we cut one free successfully maybe two , " Lyman said . "  The second one , we were n't sure because the line did n't shed away . " He said the response network he runs manages to free on average two to four whales each year but does n't always find them when they are reported . Rescuers refloat 66 pilot whales stranded in New Zealand	The whale is swimming around the Big Island , dragging a red buoy with it "  It is not too easy to detangle a 40 ton animal , " NOAA official says
Washington  CNN  -- Violent crime in the United States continues to drop significantly despite the difficult economic environment , according to new statistics released Friday by the Justice Department . According to the Crime Victimization Survey released annually by the Bureau of Justice Statistics , in 2010 violent crimes dropped about 13 % among U.S. residents ages 12 or older . Crime has been declining for several years , but the decline reported by the survey for past year was about three times as great as annual declines recorded by the same survey during the previous nine years . The Justice Department attributed much of the decline to a sharp drop in the number of simple assaults . Criminologists have repeatedly told CNN in recent years the declining figures are surprising inasmuch as crime has historically increased in times of economic stress . A clearer picture of crime in the United States is likely to emerge from a major FBI report scheduled for release Monday morning . The closely watched FBI Uniform Crime Report also is expected to show a continuing drop in violent crime throughout 2010 . That report , based on detailed reporting by all of the nation 's police agencies , provides breakdowns in all subcategories of crime . A preliminary FBI report for the first half of 2010 showed a decline in violent crime of 5.5 percent . That is expected to hold up for the entire calendar year . The Justice Department Victimization Survey , which provides numbers of victims based on an extensive telephone survey , does not include statistics for murder . It cites figures for rape , robbery , aggravated assault and simple assault . Almost two-thirds of violent crime "  victimizations " occurring during 2010 were simple assaults in which the victim did not suffer an injury , the Justice Department survey found .	The annual Crime Victimization Survey shows a 13 % drop in violent crimes The Justice Department says there has been a sharp drop in simple assaults The department 's report is based on an extensive telephone survey
London  CNN  -- On the pitch , he is known as a combative defender whose marauding runs down the left flank have helped him establish himself as one of football 's most enterprising fullbacks . Off the pitch , however , Tottenham Hotspur left back Benoit Assou-Ekotto is far from your ordinary top-level footballer . Opinionated and strong-minded , Assou-Ekotto 's surprisingly candid views have often been at odds with the monotonous , if not pretentious , rhetoric that often surrounds the beautiful game . The French-born Cameroonian international has famously admitted that he 's playing the sport just for the money on offer . He 's grabbed headlines by saying every player is driven by riches and has openly criticized badge-kissing peers of "  hypocrisy . " The refreshingly open , yet soft-spoken , player describes football as a "  very , very , very good job , " but says there are more important things in life . He shies away from the celebrity lifestyle favored by many of his English Premier League colleagues and has few friends within football . "  For me it 's very important to have a normal friend and not only friends in football because you can see the reality and the difficulty of the life , -LSB- which -RSB- you can forget as your job is a very good job , " he explains . Watch video : Assou-Ekotto on race relations in France Is he concerned whether some of his comments can be seen in a negative way ? "  I 'm honest and I say what I think , " says Assou-Ekotto , who is known as much for his frank comments as his eye-catching hairstyles . "  If you do n't like , I do n't care -- I know how I speak maybe will not help me , but I do n't care and I have too much confidence in me . " With a French mother and having grown up in the city of Arras , northern France , Assou-Ekotto , 28 , could have played for the French national team . But he turned his back on "  Les Bleus , " opting instead to play for the country of his father 's origin . He says he 's no turncoat -- he just never had an emotional connection with Europe , unlike his strong Cameroonian roots . "  I have more feeling with Cameroon and Africa , " he explains . Assou-Ekotto says that his decision to play in Africa does limit his earning potential at club level in Europe . He claims African players do n't earn the same wages as other players , partly because they have to play in the Africa Cup of Nations . The tournament , which is usually held every two years , takes many of the continent 's top football stars out of action for their club teams at a critical period in the European domestic season . See : Africa Cup of Nations 2013 team guide "  When you make a choice and play for an African -LSB- national -RSB- team , the football will be more difficult for you because you have the Africa Cup of Nations and there 's not a club -LSB- that -RSB- wants their footballers to travel one month out in the middle of the season , " he says . "  A French player or an English player or a Belgium player or a Spain player would be all the time more expensive as an African player -- it 's like that , it 's a reality . " Yet , for Assou-Ekotto , the choice to represent Cameroon 's "  Indomitable Lions " was easy to make . "  I prefer to be proud to play for my country , even if my football will be more difficult , -LSB- than -RSB- to play for France and do n't have a feeling , " he says . See : NBA boss finding Africa 's basketball stars Assou - Ekotto , who joined Tottenham from French outfit Lens in the summer of 2006 , comes from a fine footballing pedigree . His older brother Mathieu played top-flight football in Belgium , while his dad , David , left Cameroon for France as a teenager to play professionally . Assou-Ekotto 's footballing education came from watching matches with his dad , who was an astute mentor , passing on the nuances of the sport . "  Every weekend when I was about 10 I go with him to see football and to play football and then I said , it 's a good job , " remembers Assou-Ekotto . "  I said , okay , I will focus only on the football . " Disinterested with learning in the classroom , Assou-Ekotto dropped out of school at the age of 16 to pursue his sporting ambition . But although his gamble has paid off , Assou-Ekotto says today he regrets not completing high school . His view on the importance of education has prompted him to start BA32 , a foundation promoting the idea of teaching youth in a practical and interesting way , focused on encouraging children across the globe to learn more about mathematics , science and technology . "  When I make this foundation -LSB- it -RSB- is to give the opportunity to a young boy to understand that the education and the school is very important because you know when you are young you do n't see the real problems of the life ; to sleep under the roof you have to pay every month , " he says . "  I think it is more easy to pay this kind of stuff when you are clever and when you have a good job . " Assou-Ekotto is keen for his philanthropy , rather than his sporting success , to be his lasting legacy . "  I prefer to be remembered about what I will do after football because every weekend about 40,000 people enjoy with me and my team but I hope to help more than 40,000 people after football over the world , " he says . "  People need help and that will be more interesting for me . People -LSB- will remember me -RSB- not just as a footballer , because I am not just a footballer . " Teo Kermeliotis also contributed to this report .	Benoit Assou-Ekotto is a footballer who plays for Tottenham Hotspur in England Born in France , he chose to represent the birth land of his father -- Cameroon Assou-Ekotto , 28 , dropped out of school aged 16 to focus on football He has started a foundation promoting education in a practical and interesting way
New York  CNN  -- Mark Madoff , the son of convicted Ponzi-schemer Bernard Madoff , apparently killed himself while his wife was out of town and his 2-year-old son was asleep in a nearby bedroom , New York police said Saturday . Deputy New York Police Commissioner Paul Browne said Madoff 's father-in-law discovered the body around 7:30 a.m. Saturday , while his grandson was sleeping in a back bedroom . Madoff was fully clothed and hanging from a ceiling pipe with a dog leash around his neck . The boy was unharmed . Prior to his death , Madoff e-mailed his wife in Florida with "  words to the effect that someone should check on his son , " Browne said . Neither Browne nor Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly would say if Madoff had left a suicide note . But Kelly said that Madoff sent multiple e-mails to various family members "  during the morning hours " on Saturday . The e-mails went out after after 4 a.m. Saturday , Browne said . Police investigators were at Madoff 's apartment to examine the circumstances surrounding his suspected suicide . Police allowed the medical examiner to remove Madoff 's remains around 12:20 p.m. , about 5 hrs after he was discovered . Crime scene investigators remained on the scene Saturday afternoon . An autopsy will be conducted to determine the exact cause of death . Madoff 's death occurred on the second anniversary of his father 's arrest . "  Mark Madoff took his own life today , " Madoff 's attorney Martin Flumenbaum said in a statement . "  This is a terrible and unnecessary tragedy . Mark was an innocent victim of his father 's monstrous crime who succumbed to two years of unrelenting pressure from false accusations and innuendo . We are all deeply saddened by this shocking turn of events . " Bernard Madoff is currently serving a 150-year prison sentence for masterminding the largest Ponzi scheme in U.S. history . Madoff bilked investors out of $ 50 billion by masquerading his investment firm as legitimate when it was nothing more than a front . He used funds from new investors to send payments to his more mature investors , falsely portraying them as proceeds from investments , when they were actually stolen money . The 71-year-old Madoff pleaded guilty to the charges in 2009 and is now incarcerated at the Butner Federal Correction Complex , a medium-security prison in North Carolina . Madoff is scheduled to be released on Nov. 14 , 2139 . Bernard Madoff 's criminal activities have spawned a tidal wave of civil actions against Mark Madoff , his mother , siblings and hundreds of other defendants , accused of profiting off the Ponzi scheme by withdrawing more money from Madoff 's fund than they invested , money they presumably thought was investment income . A person familiar with the Madoffs says Mark Madoff has not been in touch with his extended family for the past two years . Irving Picard , the court-appointed trustee in charge of recovering and distributing Madoff 's assets , has filed a slew of lawsuits in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan over the past week on behalf of some of Madoff 's victims . One filed on December 8 named Mark Madoff -- as well as his brother Andrew and uncle Peter -- as one of several defendants in a civil lawsuit . On Saturday , Picard issued a brief statement expressing his condolences . "  This is a tragic development , and my sympathy goes out to Mark Madoff 's family , " he said . The defendants include JPMorgan Chase , HSBC , UBS , an Austrian banker , and two CPAs  and their families  who are accused of knowing about the fraud but covering it up and profiting from it . The majority of Madoff 's victims did not invest directly in his firm . They invested in third-party feeder funds , and therefore do n't qualify for the financial protections extended to direct investors . So far , 16,394 claims have been filed by investors who claim to have lost money . The majority of the claims -- 13,054 , or nearly 80 % of the total -- have been denied , because the investors were invested through feeder funds . CNNMoney 's Catherine Tymkiw contributed to this report .	NEW : A person familiar with the Madoffs says Mark Madoff had fallen out of touch with extended family Madoff sent e-mails to family members early Saturday morning , police say Madoff 's 2-year-old son asleep in apartment when father apparently hanged himself Madoff e-mailed his wife in Florida to get someone to check on their son
CNN  -- Living amid the garbage-strewn sewage canals , residents of Haiti 's Cite Soleil endure a grim battle for survival every single day . The shantytown in the northern reaches of capital Port-au-Prince is one of the countries poorest areas , blighted by poor sanitation and violence . Shacks , on average , house nine people and around half the population earn less than $ 0.50 a day . It 's little wonder then that life expectancy is n't much more than 50 years , according to the healthcare NGO , Haiti Clinic . But one man is hoping to challenge this statistic , planting the seeds of a healthier future for the district 's 250,000 population by transforming a garbage dump into a vibrant urban garden . "  Growing up in Cite Soleil we have the situation where people think it 's somewhere nothing good can happen , " says local resident Daniel Tillias . "  But myself and some members of the community wanted to have something to turn it green and nothing could be better than a garden . " The results are extraordinary . Jaden Tap Tap  Tap Tap Garden  covers half-an-acre and is the largest urban garden in the country . Teeming with plants and people planting and picking them , the garden is hugely popular with locals . "  We grow about 20 different vegetables in the garden , " explains Tillias . Founded in 2011 , the garden has an abundance of vegetables and herbs : eggplants , peppers , chard , radishes , potatoes , parsley , basil . It 's a cornucopia of healthy green vegetables that rivals any community farm in the world . "  People get in mind that it 's not possible to garden in Haiti -- the soil is no longer good , we do n't have water . But you see we have accomplished something really amazing , " says Tillias . The bulk of the produce is used for the local soup kitchen providing much needed nutrition for the community . Whatever is left is sold at market . It 's not just the plants which catch your eye , but also the recycled pots and containers . Old tires , shoes , footballs are filled and planted . Even toilet bowls and old suitcases have been put to use . "  We use whatever we can find . The whole point is first we want the kids to feel connected with what seems like nothing much , because this is something that would just float in the canal . We say : ` No ! It could grow parsley , ' " Tillias says . "  I want them to be able to eat , to make money out of the garden and to feel more peace through the garden . If I can see these three things happen , I would feel as if I had fulfilled my dream . "	Community garden project a symbol of hope for Haitian shantytown Former garbage dump transformed into largest urban garden in the country Recycled tires , suitcases and footballs used as plant pots
"  The status quo is no longer acceptable . " That 's the message the University of Virginia is trying to send its students and others after a scathing Rolling Stone story detailed allegations of a gang rape at a fraternity party , and the school 's supposed indifference toward students who are victims of sexual assault . The horrific attack reportedly happened to a woman known only as Jackie , at the start of her freshman year in 2012 . She told the magazine she was raped by seven men at Phi Kappa Psi , while two more gave encouragement . The school stands accused of bungling its response to the assault , and sweeping other assault allegations under the rug . "  To Jackie and her parents , I say I am sorry , " Rector George Keith Martin said at an emergency meeting of UVA 's governing board this week . "  To the survivors of sexual assault and their families , I am also sorry . " He added : "  This type of conduct will not be tolerated at the University of Virginia . The status quo is no longer acceptable . " The board unanimously adopted a resolution affirming a zero-tolerance approach toward rape and sexual assault cases . What exactly that means remains to be seen . The actual specifics of the new policy will be worked out later , university officials said . They are scrambling . UVA suspended all fraternities until after the winter break in the wake of the report , and President Teresa Sullivan has called on the Charlottesville Police Department to investigate Jackie 's allegations and pleaded for witnesses to come forward with information . A few weeks before the November 19 article hit the newsstands , student-run WUVA interviewed the associate dean of students , Nicole Eramo , who guides women through their options when they report they 've been assaulted . In the interview , Eramo admitted that no student had been expelled for committing sexual assault , even when there was an admission , and even though offenses such as academic cheating regularly lead to expulsion . Opinion : Stop shaming victims in college rapes "  I feel if a person is willing to come forward in that setting and admit they violated the policy when there is absolutely no advantage to do so , then I feel that deserves some consideration , that they are willing to say , ' I have done something wrong and I am willing to take my licks and deal with it , ' " Eramo told reporter Catherine Valentine , explaining why no one had been expelled . Eramo said there had been 38 reports of sexual assault last year . "  I do feel like that person admitting in that context it shows a recognition of what they have done is wrong , and a willingness to improve , " Eramo said , when pressed on the subject . "  I think we are trying to balance the rights of the individual who is being accused as well as the rights of the complainant and sometimes that is very difficult , " she said . "  I think you would be surprised to see the number of survivors who I 've worked with who do n't even want to file a complaint , because they do n't want to get the accused person in trouble . " Opinion : A student responds Although Eramo 's interview struck many as tone deaf , particularly given the Rolling Stone story , Jackie released an open letter in support of the associated dean to the student newspaper , The Cavalier Daily . Jackie and other victims of assault at the school said Eramo helped them tremendously as they dealt with what happened to them . "  How can we not do the same for her in her darkest moment ? " asked the letter from her supporters . "  Dean Eramo has truly saved my life . If it were not for her , I do not know if I could be alive today , " Jackie wrote . Opinion : Punish rapists , not fraternities Another victim who spoke to CNN , Lyra Bartell , said that Eramo has "  the hardest job at UVA " and said the problems highlighted by Rolling Stone are more about the policy than about a person . Those policies were at the heart of the discussion at the special board meeting , where officials pledged to change cultural conditions and to improve support for survivors . The university also announced that the state attorney general has asked the law firm O'Melveny & Myers to do an investigation of how the school responds to reports of sexual violence , especially in cases where alleged victims choose not to make a formal complaint . "  I want to make it perfectly clear to you , and to the watching world that nothing is more important to me than the safety of our students , " President Sullivan said at the meeting . "  Not our reputation , not our success , and not our history or tradition . " Opinion : UVA 's answer to rape allegations a farce	UVA apologizes to the student who says she was raped at a fraternity party "  The status quo is no longer acceptable , " says UVA rector Specifics of a new zero-tolerance policy will be worked out later The school 's governing body held a special meeting after a scathing report in Rolling Stone
CNN  Indiana Gov. Mike Pence issued an executive order Monday to extend a public health emergency in his state in response to a rampant HIV outbreak that first began in mid-December . As of Tuesday , there were 135 cases -- 129 confirmed , and six preliminary -- of HIV . The increase has been linked to injection drug use , primarily of the prescription opioid opana . Pence issued an order in March for Scott County , which then had 79 confirmed cases of HIV since mid-December . The county normally averages about five new cases a year . "  Scott County is facing an epidemic of HIV . But this is not a Scott County problem -- this is an Indiana problem , " Pence said in March . Officials expect more cases as more individuals are tested , particularly because it can take up to three months for HIV to appear in a person 's system after initial infection . The emergency order was first issued last month and set to expire Friday , but now will be in place until May 24 . It calls on multiple state agencies to coordinate a response to the unprecedented outbreak and provides additional resources . Law enforcement , emergency agencies and health officials are working together . Most notably , a temporary needle exchange program that began April 4 . As of Tuesday , more than 4,300 clean syringes had been distributed and more than 3,100 used needles had been turned in , according to the Indiana Department of Health . A team from the CDC Division of HIV/AIDS Prevention was working on site with state and local officials . In extending the public health emergency declaration , the governor said : "  While we 've made progress in identifying and treating those affected by this heartbreaking epidemic , the public health emergency continues and so must our efforts to fight it . "	Gov. Mike Pence extends public health emergency by 30 days 129 cases of HIV have been confirmed since mid-December More than 4,300 needles have been distributed through temporary needle exchange program
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- A Canadian auto parts supplier has come to the rescue of German carmaker Opel , negotiating a deal with the German government that will save the company from insolvency . German Finance Minister Peer Steinbrueck talks to reporters early Saturday morning following talks on Opel . Officials from all sides announced the agreement after talks lasting into the early hours of Saturday . German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier called it a "  responsible solution " that would preserve the highest number of jobs . Under the terms of the deal , supplier Magna will have a 20 percent stake in GM Europe , an arm of General Motors , which owns the Opel brand . Russia 's Sberbank will own a 35 percent share , Opel employees will have 10 percent , and General Motors will retain a 35-percent stake , according to GM spokesman Joerg Schrott . The German government will provide a bridge loan to keep GM Europe operating in the short term . The deal ensures that General Motors ' European assets -- which also include the Vauxhall car brand in Britain -- will be unaffected by GM 's expected bankruptcy filing . Magna warned during negotiations that it would have to cut about 10,000 jobs . General Motors has around 55,000 employees in Europe . About 2,000 of the job cuts would be in Germany , Magna has said , but a top company official tried to reassure the Germans that it would try to protect the company as much as possible . "  We will , and I want to stress that again , preserve all the German Opel locations , " said Magna co-Chief Executive Siegfried Wolf . "  We 're keen to have talks with all the states where Opel has factories in the next few weeks and are confident to be able to find solutions to preserve jobs , because every job that is lost is one too many . We will work with Opel management to try to avoid those job losses . " Steinmeier told reporters that such risks ca n't be avoided . "  But , " he said . "  I think we have found a responsible solution with private investors and interim funding from the state . It is a solution which preserves Opel 's location in Germany and also preserves the highest possible number of jobs . " German Finance Minister Peer Steinbrueck said early Saturday that the country has guaranteed transitional credit for Opel of 1.5 billion euros  $ 2.1 billion  . In addition , a trust will be created where Opel 's stock will be parked prior to the division of shares . Along with Sberbank , Russia 's biggest bank , Russian automaker GAZ Group will provide some financing , said Andrzej Kasperek , director of corporate business development with GAZ . "  I think the whole arrangement with Magna and the Russian partners made this a very attractive deal for GM , " Kasperek said . "  Opel is very well regarded as a brand . But we think we can increase sales in the next five years . " Financially strapped General Motors is expected to announce as soon as Monday that it is filing for bankruptcy . "  Opel has received a perspective for the future , " said German Chancellor Angela Merkel after the agreement was reached . "  That is a chance for the employees , who have earned it , as I find , because they are not to blame for the situation but instead big mismanagement in the United States of America at GM . " Merkel said the German government did "  what it had to do " in rescuing Opel . "  I had an open exchange in a phone call with the American president , and we agreed that we do everything to bring this complex task to a good conclusion . And this clearly set the tone for the negotiations , " Merkel said .	Germany picks Magna to buy majority stake in Opel , news reports say German government agrees to fund bridging loan to keep Opel in business Magna also seeking to bring Russian partners into Opel deal Opel 's parent company General Motors set to declare bankruptcy as soon as Monday
Editor 's note : In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . Here , Cal Perry describes speaking with Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal in a secret location in Damascus , Syria . Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal hinted to CNN at a potential shift in the group 's policy toward Israel . DAMASCUS , Syria  CNN  -- Sitting in a room with the top Hamas leader -- a man Israel would prefer dead -- is not an easy feeling , knowing that at any second a missile could shatter the building , killing everyone inside , myself included . And , of course , it is no surprise why Israel has Khaled Meshaal at the top of its hit list . He is known to have ordered bombings that have targeted Israeli civilians , blowing up cafés , markets and malls across Israel . CNN senior correspondent Nic Robertson and I recently sat down with Meshaal in a secret Hamas "  safe house " in the middle of Damascus . The walls were adorned with the pictures of Hamas members who have carried out suicide bombings that have killed hundreds of Israelis . We sipped coffee uneasily as we waited for Meshaal to emerge for an interview that was more than three years in the making . Suddenly and without warning , the Hamas leader appeared . Dressed in a suit , he smiled as he greeted us . "  You are more than welcome , " he said in broken English , a common phrase you hear in the Middle East . He then explained he was more than willing to discuss anything we wished , ranging from a captive Israeli soldier to the peace process to U.S. foreign policy . The still abducted Israeli soldier , Cpl. Gilad Shalit , was a key part of the interview , and Meshaal was more than willing to talk about him . Watch Meshaal talk about Gilad Shalit " "  We did not blackmail Israel , and we gave free information to Gilad Shalit 's father and his family that Gilad Shalit is still alive . When he asked us to bring him a medical glasses for his sight , we did so as humanitarian duty . We treat Gilad Shalit in a humanitarian way that is in line with the Palestinians ' morals , " he said . Read Israeli father reject Hamas claim Robertson began to ask about Hamas ' view of the United States and the Bush administration 's foreign policy . Suddenly , Meshaal hinted at a potential shift in Hamas ' policy toward Israel . The slightest chance of change , of course , depends on events , according to the Hamas leader . "  Hamas changed a lot and great efforts have been made to conform with the realistic positions of Palestinians and Arabs . When Hamas says with other Palestinians forces that we demand for a Palestinian country as the border was back in 1967 . Is n't this a development change ? " he said . Shortly after the interview began , the room filled up with his guards and those that work with Meshaal . They wanted to hear what he had to say as much as we did . In the middle of the interview , one of his guards handed him a cell phone . He had a brief conversation and apologized to us for the interruption . "  Who was that ? " I asked one of my contacts . The answer : "  A very powerful Arab leader . " I asked , "  Who ? " My contact shook his head . It was clear at that moment , I would never know who it was that called . During the interview , it was impossible not to look at our surroundings . This was a safe house where the leader of Hamas avoids assassination attempts . The safe house was a simple building . It reminded me of something one of my Hamas contacts said to me weeks earlier in a neighboring country , "  I am just a poor man , serving a cause I know to be just . " There were two levels to this safe house -- upstairs was a reception room with elaborate decorations , framed pictures of the late Sheik Ahmed Yassin and the Al-Aqsa mosque . The lower level of the safe house was only three rooms . Only the basics exist in the place . A few tables , couches and plastic chairs . Hamas security was everywhere -- checking everything and keeping a keen eye on us . Just a request to use the bathroom involved an escort . Meshaal is a complicated , calculating man . To his people , he is seen as a humanitarian and as the leader of Hamas . To Israel , the United States and a list of other nations , he is seen as a terrorist . Israel has openly blamed him for terror attacks across their country . They also say he is responsible for the abduction of Shalit . On June 25 , 2006 , Shalit was abducted by Hamas . Three days later , Israel flew four jets over Syrian President Bashar Assad 's palace -- a clear message to both Syria and Meshaal . Shimon Peres , the former prime minister and current president of Israel , blamed Meshaal , marking him as a prime target on Israel 's strike list . Not necessarily a surprise -- they have tried killing him before . Next month will mark the 10-year anniversary of an assassination attempt on Meshaal 's life by the Israeli intelligence organization Mossad . While Meshaal was living in Jordan in 1997 , Mossad agents breached the building in which he was sleeping . They injected poison into his ear . The Jordanian authorities quickly discovered what had happened and through pressure from both the Jordanian king and some U.S. officials , Israel eventually provided Meshaal with the antidote he needed to survive . "  I am 51 years old , and the past 10 years have been a gift from above , " he told CNN . Which is why he now resides in Syria , living in an undisclosed location , using a variety of secret safe houses from which he leads Hamas . When he speaks , Palestinians and Israelis equally listen to every word , because he may be the only man who can assure the Palestinians will honor a cease-fire with Israel if one is ever agreed upon . He has led Hamas ever since an Israeli missile literally split Hamas 's spiritual leader Yassin in half , killing him in downtown Gaza in 2004 . Of course , because he is such a target , gaining access to Meshaal is nearly impossible , especially for a Western news organization . Why he agreed to talk to CNN at this moment remains a mystery to me . But after months and years of persistence , the day had finally arrived . Robertson and I met in Damascus . We started Friday in a hotel lobby , with a member of Hamas sitting at a table with the two of us . As is tradition in the Arab world , we had a cup of coffee while talking with this man , one of my Hamas contacts . Our phones and BlackBerries were surrendered -- all electronic equipment except the cameras handed over , put into bags , and our names written on the bags . From the hotel , we were escorted through the streets of Damascus , winding our way through narrow streets , constantly looking in the rear-view mirror . Suddenly the car stopped and we were hurried inside . The security was as tight as it could possibly be . We were searched thoroughly . "  It 's not that we do n't trust you . It 's that you may not know who has been tampering with your things , " one of the Hamas members said . The interview with Meshaal lasted around 90 minutes , but it seemed to fly by far faster . He discussed the role of Saudi Arabia and how Hamas ' relationship plays into wider regional politics . He spoke of mistakes he believes the Americans have made -- especially not backing the Hamas government in Gaza , which was democratically elected -- and much , much more . "  Israel is even destroying the interests of -LSB- the -RSB- international community and for this I believe that the Americans should change their policy and to knock the right door . America is still knocking the wrong door , " he said . I know one thing for sure : Everyone he mentioned and spoke of will listen carefully to each word he said . Palestinians and the Arab world will cling to his words , but perhaps his most captivated audience will be the state of Israel . E-mail to a friend	Hamas leader hints at potential shift in policy toward Israel Khaled Meshaal spoke to CNN at a secret location in Damascus , Syria Meshaal says captive Israeli soldier is being treated in "  humanitarian way "
CNN  -- At Dubai 's newest hotel , an elevator ride is a journey in itself . The JW Marriott Marquis Dubai officially opened Wednesday as the world 's tallest hotel . Granted the official record from the Guinness Book of World Records , the latest icon in Dubai 's skyline is made up of two towers standing 72 stories , 1,164 feet . Only one tower is currently open ; the second is slated to open in 2014 . It 's the first of the Marquis brand of JW Marriotts -- "  reserved only for the most iconic properties within the Marriott International portfolio , " according to the company -- to be built outside North America . The hotel adds nine restaurants and five bars and lounges to the dining and nightlife options in the city . Nine glamorous movie star hotels While dwarfed by the Burj Khalifa , currently Dubai 's and the world 's tallest manmade structure at 2,723 feet , it 's the tallest building entirely dedicated to a hotel . Still , it 's not the world 's highest hotel . That title goes to the Ritz-Carlton in Hong Kong , which occupies the top floors of the 1,601-foot-tall International Commerce Center . The JW Marriott Marquis Dubai hopes to tap into the MICE market  meetings , incentives , conferences and exhibitions  , a segment that in the United States is worth about $ 106 billion , according to JW Marriott . "  The hotel will fill a long identified gap in the market where groups , meetings and conventions of up to 1,000 people can meet , sleep and dine under one roof , " said Rupprecht Queitsch , general manager of the new property . "  Until now , Dubai has not had a single location of this size to accommodate this type of group . " On the 71st and 72nd floors , the Vault Lounge offers panoramic views of the city .	Guinness lists JW Marriott Marquis Dubai as world 's tallest hotel Also in Dubai , the Burj Khalifa is the world 's tallest manmade structure Ritz-Carlton in Hong Kong , atop a 1,601-foot-tall building , is the highest hotel
Southern Living  -- Your entire winter wishlist is here . Cozy fire casting shadows in an expansive lodge library ? Check . Families snowshoeing into a thicket of evergreens ? Check . Old-timers dropping lines into holes cut from a frozen lake ? Check . You can even find dogsledding and sleigh rides . All this in a postcard-ready setting : the 3,900-acre Deep Creek Lake , surrounded by Maryland 's mountains and dusted with an average snowfall of 120 inches .  That 's twice as much as Denver , Colorado , and Fairbanks , Alaska !  Here 's our guide to planning a frosty yet cozy winter weekend . Southern Living : Escape to the coast Where to Stay : Lake Pointe Inn Set on the shore of Deep Creek Lake , Lake Pointe Inn has nailed the yin and yang of a winter retreat . The Arts and Crafts-style bed-and-breakfast has a wraparound porch with views of the lake , while a massive stone fireplace dominates the lobby . Outside , a fire pit in the snow is fully stocked with marshmallows . Every detail speaks of this inn 's devotion to comfort , from rooms with gas fireplaces and lake-view balconies to the comfort food : pumpkin flapjacks and egg scrambles by morning and a complimentary happy hour with wine and hors d'oeuvres each eve . Savage River Lodge The Savage River Lodge may be a 45-minute drive from the lake , but this full-service resort is a destination all on its own . Sitting on the Eastern Continental Divide , the lodge enjoys lake-effect snow , with access to 13 miles of groomed cross-country ski and snowshoe trails . A double-sided stone fireplace warms a three-floor lodge complete with an impressive library , a full bar and a restaurant that leans heavily on local fare  wild game meatloaf , anyone ?  . Sign up for one of the lodge 's all-day culinary classes and you can even be chef for a day . Southern Living : The South 's best new hotels Deep Creek Rental Cabins For large groups , a cabin makes the ideal winter base camp . From shoreline homes to slope-side rentals , some cabins come equipped with hot tubs , bonfire pits , game rooms and even in-home movie theaters . We found a five-bedroom lodge with a hot tub , pool table , wood-burning fireplace and views of the lake . Where to Play : Swallow Falls State Park Strap on a set of snowshoes  it 's as easy as walking , we swear !  for a two-hour guided hike through an old-growth hemlock forest in Swallow Falls State Park . Your ultimate destination is Muddy Creek Falls , the highest waterfall in Maryland , which , with any luck , will be frozen during your winter visit -- a spectacular photo op . Consider signing up for the four-hour Nature Photography Tour , which includes camera instruction from a pro nature photographer . Savage River Lodge There 's no shortage of cross-country trails in the Deep Creek Lake area , but the most civilized option might be at Savage River Lodge , where in-house rentals and lessons make the experience a cinch for beginners . To entice visitors even further , co-owner Mike Dreisbach has set up a warming station with a bonfire pit and benches where skiers can rest and guests can roast marshmallows . Southern Living : 10 best getaways Husky Power Dogsledding The Siberian huskies at Husky Power Dogsledding may be the happiest locals in Deep Creek . "  We 're the only commercial dogsledding outfit below the Mason-Dixon , " says co-owner Linda Herdering . Choose from a 10-minute jaunt to a two-hour excursion , and hang with the dogs while learning about the sport . Wisp Resort Wisp Resort , Maryland 's only downhill ski area , offers 132 acres of skiing , almost half of which is designed for beginner skiers and boarders . Head for the North Camp Trails , almost entirely devoted to new skiers , and combine Backbone Pass with Big Dipper for 1Â 1/2 miles of gentle terrain with pastoral views . Go during the week to avoid the crowds and score a deal . Pleasant Valley Dream Rides Does it get any cozier than snuggling beneath a blanket while sipping hot chocolate in a horse-drawn sleigh ? Hardly . Pleasant Valley Dream Rides offers sleigh rides on a gorgeous family-owned farm throughout the day , but we say reserve a private excursion under the stars . Where to Eat : Mountain State Brewing Company Mountain State Brewing Company serves creative wood-fired flatbread pizzas , such as the Buffalo Chicken  with grilled chicken , Buffalo sauce and blue cheese  and such treats as the s'mores dessert pizza made with Nutella , graham crackers and marshmallows . The beer 's good too , handcrafted by two West Virginia brothers . Try their Almost Heaven Amber Ale , a caramel-flavored brew . Will O ' the Wisp The Four Seasons at Will O ' the Wisp is the local go-to spot for an intimate dinner . The restaurant sits inside the family-owned Will O ' the Wisp Resort  owned by the same family who started Wisp Resort in 1955  and has been a local institution for decades . Even more surprising than the restaurant 's longevity is the kitchen 's eclectic from-scratch menu , with items as varied as berry-blackened tuna and tomato-basil tofu . Call ahead to reserve one of the handful of tables overlooking the lake . Southern Living : 101 free things to do in the South Get the best of the South delivered - recipes , decorating ideas and travel tips . Sign up for our weekly newsletter . Copyright 2011 Southern Living magazine . All rights reserved .	For snow in the South , head to Western Maryland 's Deep Creek Lake Average snowfall is 120 inches , more than Denver or Fairbanks The only Siberian husky dogsledding south of the Mason-Dixon line is available here
CNN  -- It was one of the most disturbing sights Wimbledon has witnessed . Serena Williams , a 17-time grand slam champion , disorientated , unsteady on her feet and unable to serve properly on Court No. 1 . Her doubles match alongside sister Venus lasted just three games , with Serena unable to get the ball over the net when it was her turn to serve . But now , as she prepares to return to action at the WTA 's Stanford tournament , the 32-year-old says the commotion caused by her viral illness had taken her by surprise . "  They just said I was really ill , and really under the weather and I just was n't doing very well , " Williams told reporters prior to the Bank Of The West Classic in California about her turn at Wimbledon . "  I was really scared after because I did n't realize how I felt until later and it 's just , you know , ` Serena , keep your time , you will have the rest of your life to keep playing tennis hopefully . ' "  I heard a lot of the response weeks and weeks later because I did n't leave my house or my bed for a few days . "  But by the time that happened when I read or heard about it from other people I was just like , ` Oh really , I already moved on . ' I was working out and starting to try to play again . " Williams will take on the Czech Republic 's Karolina Pliskova on Wednesday saying she feels "  very good " but that she will have more medical tests once the season has finished . Her sister Venus suffers from Sjogren 's syndrome , a poorly understood autoimmune disorder that causes joint pain and can deplete energy levels . Serena skipped a tournament in Sweden after her Wimbledon illness but is now focusing on preparation ahead of the U.S. Open . She has won the title at Flushing Meadows two years in a row and needs to claim a hat-trick next month to avoid a first season without a slam title since 2011 . "  After Wimbledon I stayed around in Europe because I was going play in Bastad , and I feel so bad about not being able to play there , " she said . "  I ended up going on what I called ` vacation , ' which is like when you have fun in the sun but you practice in the day , in the morning . I tried to practice very early so I can have fun later . " Venus is in action on Tuesday , facing Poland 's Paula Kania , while the standout clash sees the No. 5 seed -- Ana Ivanovic , take on Sabine Lisicki , from Germany .	Serena Williams returns to action after being hit by illness at Wimbledon The 17-time grand slam champion had to retire from doubles match She says she is back to full health and was surprised by the commotion Williams to face the Czech Republic 's Karolina Pliskova on Wednesday
CNN  -- The number of people killed from an earthquake in Costa Rica rose to 34 on Saturday , a government official said . Rigoberto Vargas weeps with his daughters for his missing son on Saturday in San Miguel di Sarapiqui . Another 64 people were listed as missing two days after the 6.1-magnitude earthquake shook north-central Costa Rica , the official said . Emergency personnel continued to search for victims affected by the quake , according to Ministry of Infrastructure spokeswoman Silvia Chaves . Rescuers reached 200 tourists who had been stranded in a hotel in Varablanca , and they were taken to safety , she said . Survivors described Thursday 's quake , which was centered about 20 miles north-northwest of the capital city of San Jose , as sudden and brutal . Landslides , tumbling rocks and collapsed buildings caused widespread devastation . "  I saw how the Earth moved and how it took my family -- my aunt , my cousin and her babies , " Miguel Angel Marin told CNN affiliate Teletica TV . "  It was very hard because I wanted to save them but I could n't . " On Friday , the U.S. government dispatched a team of 34 U.S. military personnel and four helicopters from Honduras-based Joint Task Force-Bravo to Costa Rica to assist . More than 1,200 people were stranded , without a way to get out of towns or homes , Red Cross official Milton Chaverri said . Another 1,000 people were living in shelters , he said . iReport.com : Are you there ? Send photos , video The remote area near Alajuela , where the quake hit strongest , is difficult to reach , and officials said they were having to rely on helicopters for medical evacuations and to airlift supplies . Randall Picado , a government rescue official , said many residents were without water and other necessities . About 400 volunteers and Red Cross personnel were giving aid in 15 communities , Chaverri said . The temblor was felt throughout Costa Rica and in southern and central Nicaragua , the U.S. Geological Survey reported on its Web site . About 2,000 aftershocks have been felt in San Jose , the capital , and other cities throughout the nation , Red Cross spokeswoman Vilca said . The Geological Survey placed the earthquake 's epicenter at 20 miles  32 kilometers  north-northwest of San Jose at a depth of 2.8 miles  4.5 kilometers  . CNN 's Maria Callejas contributed to this report .	NEW : Toll from quake jumps to 34 dead , 64 missing More than 1,200 stranded , 1,000 more in shelters , Red Cross official says "  I saw how the earth moved and how it took my family , " survivor says
Cholera , a deadly diarrheal disease , has been rare in the United States since the early 1900s , but in the developing world , where access to clean drinking water is more difficult , it is still a serious problem . Dr. Rita Colwell has studied cholera for nearly 50 years , and has written more than 700 publications and received at least 40 honorary degrees . The former director of the National Science Foundation and former president of the American Association for the Advancement of Science , Colwell is currently a distinguished professor at both the University of Maryland , College Park and Johns Hopkins University 's Bloomberg School of Public Health . CNN spoke with Colwell about her research and how she and her team helped develop an incredibly simple method to help the people of rural Bangladesh have cleaner , safer drinking water . The following is an edited portion of that interview . A medical miracle : Saving cholera victims CNN : Tell me about cholera . Colwell : Cholera is ... transmitted by water . The bacteria that causes the disease ...  naturally occurs  in the aquatic environment . That 's a discovery that my laboratory made some 25 to 30 years ago . When ingested , it attaches to the intestine and a toxin is most frequently produced . The result is severe vomiting , diarrhea and if a person does n't have their fluid replenished , dehydration and eventually death  results  . CNN : Is there an antibiotic for cholera ? Colwell : You can take an antibiotic . It 's generally susceptible to tetracycline , a broad-spectrum antibiotic , and other antibiotics . There 's been a discovery some years ago of what 's called oral rehydration therapy , ORT , whereby a mixture in water of table salt , bicarbonate of soda and table sugar is mixed in appropriate concentration and sipped . This replenishes the fluid loss and is very effective in treating cholera . CNN : That 's interesting that it does n't seem people die from the bacteria attacking their systems , but rather the dehydration effects . Colwell : That 's predominantly the case . The toxin can have other effects but mainly it 's the sodium-potassium transport mechanism that gets interfered with . Bangladesh has two major epidemics every year : spring , which is right about now , and fall : September , October , November . This occurs year after year with almost no exception due to the fact that , as we have shown , the bacteria are associated with plankton . As the plankton become abundant , they bloom in the spring and fall , after which the cholera bacteria become abundant in the water and the disease occurs . CNN : Are cholera outbreaks connected to global warming ? Colwell : Temperature is a major regulator of the abundance of the cholera bacteria . The study that was carried out by Carla Pruzzo in Italy , with which we collaborated , was an analysis of plankton samples that had been stored for the past 40 years at a marine laboratory in England . They 'd been collecting samples every year for 40 years and so we analyzed the samples , and what Dr. Pruzzo and our team found was that as the water temperature is increasing , the numbers of vibrios  small , comma-shaped bacteria  and the number of cases of diseases caused by vibrio , namely cholera , have been increasing . It has been directly related to the warming of the sea temperature . CNN : Can you describe the method you developed in Bangladesh to control cholera ? Colwell : Having done an enormous amount of research showing the ecology of the cholera bacterium ,  we found  it was definitely tied to plankton . The cholera bacteria is part of their natural flora . It occurred to us that by simple filtration to remove the plankton , we would filter about 99 % of the bacteria , leaving just a few suspended in the water . So then , we hypothesized , we could reduce cholera significantly by educating women who collect water for their household to use cloth filtration . Probing the mysteries of probiotics We found that sari cloth that comprised the dresses that women wear , if folded about four times , gave a very nice mesh filter , with small enough pore size to trap plankton . A three-year study was funded by the National Institutes of Health and Nursing Institute that involved about 50 villages and over 150,000 people , and sure enough , by having women filter their water collected from the ponds and rivers every day , we showed about a 50 % decrease in cholera . A very simple step , and very important . CNN : How did you get the message out to everyone that they should be doing this ? Colwell : We worked with the women in the villages and we trained them , essentially as extension agents ... to go to the villages every week with a meeting for the women of the village to explain to them why it 's good to filter , how to filter , and the difference it would make to the health of their children . So with this constant reinforcement , we found that indeed , they did filter because they found that their children did n't get sick . And that , of course , was a big incentive . The project ended about six years ago , but we went back to see if they were still filtering , and we found 75 % of them were . CNN : So , do you think that clean water is the key to controlling waterborne diseases like cholera ? Or , do you think it 's getting people the education about better sanitation ? Colwell : It 's a combination of sanitation and safe water . ... We do not have cholera in the United States . We have not had it since about 1930 when filtered , chlorinated household water was made available . Similarly in Europe , back in the 1890s and 1900s , cholera epidemics were devastating . In fact , cholera played into outcomes of major wars when troops became debilitated by the cholera bacterium . So , a combination of proper sanitation and filtered , chlorinated , safely distributed water -- not just cholera , but at least two dozen diseases transmitted by contaminated water can be prevented . CNN : What could we do as a nation to help this effort to getting education about sanitation and clean drinking water to more developing countries ? Colwell : I think education for both proper sanitation and for filtering water is very badly needed . I also work with Safe Water Network , which is a philanthropic organization that delivers kiosks ... that provide filtered water on a larger scale . We need to think of water availability depending on the environment and the conditions on which the water can be made available . It 's not all one-size-fits-all . For example , filtration in a major city probably is n't as effective as chlorinating the water and having it distributed safely , which many cities in developing countries do . ... But for the remote villages , they do n't have that kind of access , so their simple filtration is really , really helpful . These women changed medicine	Rita Colwell has been studying cholera for half a century Her team discovered an innovative way to control the disease in Bangladesh Research has shown cholera is related to global warming , she says Clean water availability is not "  one-size-fits-all "
CNN  -- Nine U.N. peacekeepers were killed in an ambush Friday in Mali , a U.N. spokesman said . Their convoy was attacked near Menaka , in the country 's eastern Gao region , by heavily armed men on motorcycles , said Olivier Salgado , a spokesman for the U.N. Stabilization Mission in Mali . The nine dead were from Niger . The United Nations does not know who is responsible , Salgado said . The attack was the deadliest yet of several against the forces in the country , the U.N. mission said on its Facebook page . Air assets were immediately deployed with the aim of making the area safe and helping the peacekeepers , the statement said . Arnauld Akodjenou , deputy special representative of the secretary-general in the U.N. mission , called for an end to violence . He said he was horrified by "  this cowardly and hateful act of terrorism " and the loss of more lives in pursuit of peace in Mali , adding that these crimes must not go unpunished . In a statement , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said such attacks constitute a violation of international law , and called on armed groups operating in the area of promises they have made to cooperate with the United Nations . The latest attack comes a little more than two weeks after five U.N. peacekeepers from Chad were killed and three others injured when a U.N. vehicle struck a homemade bomb in northern Mali . The September 18 attack took place on a road between Aguelhok and Tessalit , the U.N. mission said . Other attacks have also killed or injured U.N. peacekeepers in the Kidal region . The U.N. mission is there to guard against militant Islamists who in early 2013 threatened to move on the West African nation 's capital , Bamako . More than 8,000 military personnel and nearly 1,000 police were deployed under the peacekeeping mission as of the end of August . It was set up in April 2013 following a U.N. Security Council resolution . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	NEW : Attack is deadliest yet against peacekeepers in Mali , United Nations says U.N. : Nine peacekeepers from Niger die in an ambush in eastern Mali Heavily armed men on motorcycles attacked convoy , U.N. spokesman says Last month , five peacekeepers from Chad were killed in an attack in the north
Swarms of agents closed in on Puerto Rico 's main airport , arresting workers who allegedly crammed cocaine-filled luggage onto commercial planes as part of a far-reaching smuggling scheme . A special strike force intercepted an unmarked fiberglass boat near a beach town , confiscating bales of cocaine and heroin with a street value of $ 8 million . Both raids this week were significant blows in the battle against drug trafficking , authorities said . Drug raid targets baggage handlers , airline workers in Puerto Rico But they were also reminders that Puerto Rico faces a grisly reality . Inside the Caribbean island territory known by many Americans as a scenic tourist destination , U.S. citizens are gunned down and stabbed daily in drug-fueled attacks as rival traffickers feud over turf and addicts fight for another fix . Last year , a record 1,136 people were slain within the island 's borders . Officials say Puerto Rico 's murder rate is five times the U.S. national average . Photos : Violence in Juarez not going away Drugs are behind more than 70 % of the homicides , local officials have said , arguing that the staggering number should be a wake-up call for Washington . In February , a statement from Puerto Rico 's government described the island as "  the under-protected front in the nation 's war on drugs . " After this week 's airport raid , officials in the commonwealth renewed their rallying cries . "  We have been asking the federal government to help us patrol ... the Puerto Rican coasts , which we are unable to cover entirely by ourselves , " Gov. Luis Fortuno said Wednesday . "  We want them to help us protect it in the same way they protect the borders with Mexico and Canada . " On a national level , some lawmakers have taken note . A congressional hearing to discuss the situation is scheduled for later this month . "  The disturbing increase in drug trafficking and drug-related violence in this region ... is alarming and unacceptable , " Michael McCaul , a Republican congressman from Texas who will chair the June 21 hearing , said in a statement . "  If this kind of violence were happening anywhere else where 4 million American citizens resided , it would make daily headlines . This problem is no less serious than drug cartels operating across the Mexican border . " Facing ` widespread fear ' A group of gunmen burst into a bar on its opening night , spraying bullets at a crowd of revelers . Their target was a rival drug trafficker , authorities said , but eight bystanders were killed , including a 9-year-old girl caught in the crossfire . The official death toll included a pregnant woman 's 8-month-old unborn child , who was shot in the head , CNN affilate WAPA-TV reported . The October 2009 massacre in Toa Baja , Puerto Rico , marked a turning point . It was the first high-profile example of criminals opening fire on a crowd with little regard for collateral damage , according to a report from the National Drug Intelligence Center . "  Violence by drug traffickers in the region has become indiscriminate , endangering the lives of public housing residents and innocent bystanders , " the 2011 report said , describing "  widespread fear among the general population . " It 's a feeling that makes people dread going out in the street , says Luis Romero . "  You could be walking , and all of a sudden -- dah da dah da dah da dah -- you hear these machine guns going off , and you get hit . And you were an innocent bystander , " he says . "  And all of a sudden , you are a statistic . " The 59-year-old telecommunications company CEO did n't used to dwell on such details . That changed last year , after his 20-year-old son , Julian , was stabbed to death on a San Juan street . Now Romero is president of Basta Ya PR , a nonprofit that has created a smartphone application to help the island 's residents report crimes to police . In English , the group 's name means "  enough already , " representing its efforts to promote community action and stop the surge in violence . But there 's one thing that Romero says there is n't enough of in Puerto Rico : funding from the U.S. government for the fight against drug trafficking . Federal agencies on the ground , he argues , do n't have the tools they need to combat the growing problem . "  It 's shameful , the neglect of Puerto Rico , " he says . A new avenue ? Drug trafficking is not a new problem for the island . Puerto Rico 's strategic geographic location between South America and the continental United States has long made the commonwealth a central drug transit hub , says Laila Rico , a spokeswoman for the Drug Enforcement Administration . Up to 80 % of the drugs that pass through Puerto Rico end up in cities across the eastern seaboard of the United States , officials say . And nearly a third of drugs destined for the continental United States pass through the Caribbean . Puerto Rico 's Luis Munoz Marin International Airport -- the site of Wednesday 's raid -- is "  a major gateway for cocaine and heroin transported " to the continental United States , according to a 2011 report from the National Drug Intelligence Center . Because Puerto Rico is a commonwealth of the United States , passengers from there do n't have to go through customs upon arriving on the mainland . But some analysts say a new trend may be pushing even more cargo containers , fishing boats and yachts with hidden compartments toward Puerto Rico 's shores from South America  often by way of the Dominican Republic  . Faced with increased security at the Mexico-U.S. border , cartels may be searching for other trafficking routes , some analysts and officials speculate . "  If you attack one front , if you put your resources there , they search for other avenues , and the Caribbean is one of those avenues , " says Pedro A. Velez Baerga , an attorney and former deputy U.S. Marshal in Puerto Rico . That 's a case that Pedro Pierliusi , Puerto Rico 's resident commissioner in Washington , has made for months as he 's pushed for a "  Caribbean Border Initiative , " similar to efforts to fight drug trafficking along U.S. borders with Mexico and Canada , calling for a boost in resources and personnel to match "  the scope and severity of the drug-related violence . " Since 2008 , the United States has pledged $ 1.6 billion in aid to Mexico as part of the Merida Initiative , aimed at helping Mexico combat cartels and organized crime . In that same period , Puerto Rico has received roughly $ 260 million to fund various addiction recovery , police and judicial programs , according to a recent estimate using government figures . But some have cautioned against placing too much emphasis on law enforcement , who are often accused of corruption and abuse in Puerto Rico . In 2010 , an FBI investigation into whether police provided protection for drug dealers led to the arrest of 89 law enforcement officers in Puerto Rico . And a September U.S. Justice Department report said that the Puerto Rico Police Department had a long pattern of violating citizens ' constitutional rights through excessive force and unwarranted searches . Low public trust in Puerto Rico 's police , fueled by a troubling history of abuses by law enforcement , makes it harder to stem the violence , said Jennifer Turner , a human rights researcher at the American Civil Liberties Union . "  They are confronting a serious public safety crisis , but the problem is that , instead of limiting the violence , they 're contributing to the violence . ... The police department uses the public safety crisis as an excuse for the abuses they 're committing , " she said . Puerto Rico 's governor has said he is working with officials to reform the police department . He appointed a new police superintendent in March . "  The problem ca n't be controlled only with policing measures , " says Jorge Rodriguez Beruff , a professor at the University of Puerto Rico who has researched drug trafficking in the region . More economic and social programs are just as important to solving Puerto Rico 's drug problems , he says , which also include a significant population of drug addicts and far-reaching criminal networks . Analysts once calculated that there were nearly 100 criminal organizations that were connected with drug trafficking in Puerto Rico , he says . "  It is an enormous business . We are talking about a business that possibly is bigger than the amount of tourism coming in to Puerto Rico , " he says . A flourishing underground economy Drug traffickers have a fertile recruiting ground in Puerto Rico , where unemployment has been hovering around 15 % , and labor participation is around 40 %  meaning 4 out of 10 people work  , according to the Department of Labor . "  Having lost their direct employment , many people turn to working in the informal economy , " says economist Gustavo Velez , who describes drug-trafficking as a "  significant component " of Puerto Rico 's underground economy . "  It 's a public policy challenge that is impacting the country 's security , " he said . Little research has been done to study the underground economy 's impact on the residents of Puerto Rico 's more than 330 public housing projects , says Lilian Bobea , a sociologist and professor at the Latin America School of Social Sciences in the Dominican Republic . "  We are talking about communities that are basically living from informal work , " says Bobea , who has studied similar neighborhoods in the Dominican Republic and will begin a fellowship researching Puerto Rico 's public housing projects in the fall . Leaders at drug distribution points inside the projects often pay children to move drugs , according to the National Drug Intelligence Center 's 2011 report on Puerto Rico . Romero , the president of Basta Ya PR , says that reality is painfully clear when he speaks with children as part of his advocacy work . "  If you 're a drug runner you get paid $ 500 a day . Why would that guy want to go to school ? ... They know that they 're gon na die young , but they 're gon na take care of their mom with a lot of money . That 's what happens when you allow this sort of problem , " he says . A 10-year-old boy told Romero he wanted to grow up to be a drug lord 's triggerman .	Officials blame drug trafficking for more than 70 % of Puerto Rico 's homicides The U.S. commonwealth 's murder rate is five times the national average Puerto Rico 's governor calls for more federal assistance Lawmaker : The increase in violence "  is alarming and unacceptable "
CNN  -- Fending off elimination for the third straight game , the San Francisco Giants thrashed the St. Louis Cardinals on Monday night to earn the right to battle for their second World Series title in three years . The Giants beat the Cardinals 9-0 Monday in a game that lacked the drama of some of the other games during the highly competitive series . San Francisco had been on the brink since last Thursday , when St. Louis jumped to a three games to one advantage in the best-of-seven National League Championship Series . But San Francisco has been on a roll since -- beating the Cardinals twice by five-run margins , before finishing off the reigning champs in convincing fashion Monday at AT&T Park , the northern California team 's home . With the victory , the Giants earned the right to face the Detroit Tigers in the World Series , which begins Wednesday . The Tigers handily swept the New York Yankees last week to become American League titlists and earn their shot at baseball 's top prize . On Monday night , San Francisco used the same formula that 's worked for them so well in recent days : timely hitting and exceptional pitching . Matt Cain was stellar on the mound , pitching 5 and 2/3 scoreless innings to start the game . He even helped his cause at the plate with a run-scoring single in the second inning . The next frame , the Giants exploded for five runs to build a comfortable 7-0 lead . They never looked back , fending off a St. Louis rally in the sixth inning and tacking on more runs in the seventh and eighth innings . Monday 's win also marked the second furious comeback the Giants had completed during the postseason . The team was able to come back from a 2-0 deficit and win a best-of-five series against the Cincinati Reds earlier in the playoffs . "  They did n't want to go home . They kept believing , " said Giants manager Bruce Bochy Giants catcher Buster Posey said it is the team 's attitude that helps them beat the odds . "  It is a lot of want and a lot of will power , " Posey told reporters . "  You have to believe you can do it . " The Giants easily finished the regular season atop the National League West with a 94-68 record , tied with Atlanta for fourth best in the league . Detroit , meanwhile , had an 88-74 mark in pulling past the Chicago White Sox in the final month to earn a ticket to the playoffs . That said , while their record is inferior , the Tigers feature two of the biggest weapons in baseball in pitcher and 2011 American League MVP Justin Verlander and this year 's Triple Crown winner Miguel Cabrera .	St. Louis led the National League series 3-1 just a few days ago But San Francisco wins 3 straight to advance to the World Series They 'll face the Detroit Tigers , led by Justin Verlander and Miguel Cabrera
CNN  -- The mother of a Virginia Tech junior who disappeared Saturday night during a Metallica concert says she helped her daughter choose an outfit for the show that same morning . Morgan Harrington , a 20-year-old Virginia Tech student , disappeared at a Metallica concert Saturday night . Morgan Harrington , a 20-year-old education major , went to the concert at the University of Virginia 's John Paul Jones Arena in Charlottesville with several girlfriends but disappeared from their sight around 8:40 p.m. , according to police , who are calling it a missing person case . "  She was excited about the concert and she brought home three outfits that she tried on for me , " Gil Harrington , said Tuesday on HLN 's "  Nancy Grace . " "  We chose one and she said , ` Mama , it is a rock concert so it is probably not what you would choose , but is this one OK ? ' " Harrington said she told her daughter , ` That will do fine . ' "  You know you have to give your kid wings , " Harrington said . Watch mom describe daughter 's excitement " Morgan Harrington had been so excited about the concert , according to her mother , that she posted the tickets on the refrigerator six months ahead of time . Metallica posted a message about Harrington 's disappearance on their Web site under the heading "  One of our fans is missing . " "  We are deeply concerned about the disappearance of 20-year-old Virginia Tech student Morgan Dana Harrington , who was last seen while attending our concert at the John Paul Jones Arena in Charlottesville , VA , on Saturday night , " the message said . The message described Harrington and asked that anyone with information contact Virginia State Police or University of Virginia police . "  Our thoughts are with Morgan and her family for her safe return , " the message concluded . " Harrington , who lives off-campus , was reported missing Sunday afternoon when she did not show up at her parents ' home to study for a math exam with her father . "  It 's important to us as police officers to realize that people do come up missing , " said Lieutenant Joe Rader of the Virginia State Police in a news conference on Monday . "  However , it 's very , very unusual that we have not heard anything , either , from her friends or from her family regarding her whereabouts . That is the biggest concern currently -- her whereabouts and her welfare . " Harrington is 5 ' 6 " , 120 pounds , has blond hair , blue eyes and was wearing a black Pantera T-shirt , black mini skirt , black tights and black boots .	Student was last seen at Metallica concert Saturday night Harrington is 5 ' 6 " , 120 pounds , and was wearing a black Pantera T-shirt Metallica posted a message about Harrington 's disappearance on their Web site
CNN  -- What price love -- or more accurately , what price a love letter ? When it comes to such letters written by a teenage Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy Onassis , that price is $ 134,500 , according to the auctioneer Christie 's . And if you like happy endings , it was "  a French lady " -- perhaps appropriately enough -- who paid that amount Thursday and is now the owner of 22 letters and a printed telegram authored by Onassis , said Christie 's spokeswoman Sung-Hee Park in New York City . The letters , which Onassis sent to her then-boyfriend at Harvard in the late 1940s , were valued between $ 25,000 and $ 35,000 prior to the auction , held Thursday morning , Park said . The letters were written before Onassis met her future husband and future president John F. Kennedy , who also studied at Harvard . "  The buyer bought it over the phone , and they just wanted to be identified as a French lady who is a very big fan of Jackie Kennedy , " Park told CNN . "  It 's always great when a piece of art goes for the estimate , but when something goes much higher than the estimate , it 's a great surprise . " The letters reveal the personality of the future first lady on the matters of adolescent love , kissing and a loathing of attending a finishing school . The auction house described the writings as "  the earliest Jackie Kennedy letters , " displaying "  a funny , spirited , at times cynical young woman , but one with great intelligence and a strong will of her own . " In a letter dated October 10 , 1946 , the 17-year-old Miss Bouvier reveals her "  cooling enthusiasm " in a letter to Harvard boyfriend R. Beverley Corbin Jr. , "  who seems to have been badly hurt when Jackie refused to kiss him during one visit , " according to Christie 's . Corbin was 21 at the time . Corbin 's son , Bev , of New York , owned the letters and put them up for auction , he told CNN . "  I do love you though -- and can love you without kissing you every time I see you and I hope you understand that , " Onassis declares . Then , on January 20 , 1947 , she writes to her boyfriend about her definition of true love . "  I 've always thought of being in love as being willing to do anything for the other person -- starve to buy them bread and not mind living in Siberia with them -- and I 've always thought that every minute away from them would be hell -- so looking at it that  way  I guess I 'm not in love with you , " Onassis writes . Her last letter to him is undated , and it announces her engagement to John Husted . "  What I hope for you , " she writes Corbin , "  is for the same thing to happen as quickly and as surely as it did with me . It will when you least expect it . " But that ill-fated engagement to Husted lasted only a few months in 1951 , according to Christie 's . Onassis died in 1994 in New York as one of the world 's most famous women . She was 64 . In an extraordinary life marked by staggering tragedy , she was the widowed first lady of Kennedy , assassinated in 1963 , and became a widow again , of Greek shipping magnate Aristotle Onassis , who died in 1975 . Corbin died in 2004 at age 79 , according to the Social Security death Index . The 75 pages of letters were written between 1945 and 1951 on personal stationery and the letterhead of Miss Porter 's School , but in the letters , Onassis calls Porter 's finishing school "  prison . " "  If school days are the happiest of your life , I 'm hanging myself with my skip-rope tonight , " the teenage Onassis writes to her boyfriend . In another letter , she pens of an upcoming Christmas break , when "  I can commute happily back and forth between my doting parents until they both get sick of me . " In an October 3 , 1946 , letter , she jokes about her schooling . "  I 'm never going to send my children to boarding school , " she writes . "  The boys can go to P.S. 148 with gangsters , and then go to Columbia & the girls can go to Hunter College and they 'll all be morons but at least they wont have to tear around and get their teeth knocked out playing hockey every day . ... Can you think of anything worse than living in a small town like this all your life and competing to see which housewife could bake the best cake ? " The finishing school was in Farmington , Connecticut , a town where Corbin had resided at one time , a Christie 's spokeswoman said . Onassis displays a mischievous side in a February 12 , 1947 , letter in which she tells Corbin to smuggle in cigarettes , chocolate "  and a hip flask to shock Mrs. J. " Many of the letters begin with "  Dearest Bev " or "  Buddy darling , " and one envelope , sent via "  air mail " with three 3-cent stamps , is addressed to "  Mr. R. Beverley Corbin Jr. " of "  The Owl Club " at Harvard University . The sale included an undated black-and-white photograph of Onassis and Corbin along with another couple .	Jackie Kennedy Onassis 's love letters were written when she was a teen She wrote them to her then-boyfriend at Harvard They were valued between $ 25,000 and $ 35,000 "  A French lady " bought them for $ 134,500 , the auctioneer says
REAL SIMPLE  -- Tom Delavan , an art buyer who specializes in fine contemporary art , also has an incredible knack for making affordable art look sophisticated . We asked him how to decorate the walls without robbing a bank . Real Simple : How did you develop your art expertise ? Tom Delavan : After business school , I became intrigued by the art world and ended up at a training program at Sotheby 's , where I was later hired as a contemporary-art specialist . Then I helped found the Gramercy Art Fair , in New York City , which is now the Armory Show . Real Simple : You 're also a designer . Real Simple : Easy paint makeovers Delavan : Yes . I was curating art for a client when he asked me to decorate his home . That led to work for the home-design magazine Domino . Now I 'm the creative director of the shopping site Gilt Home . Real Simiple : Can you tell us why art is so tricky ? Delavan : Because it 's truly about personal taste . It 's more art than science . Real Simple : What if you do n't know what your taste is ? Delavan : You can figure it out . Gather images of rooms you 're drawn to and take a look at the kind of art in them . Maybe it 's all watercolors -- or black-and-white photos . Real Simple : Then what ? Delavan : Think about your space . There should n't be a disconnect between the decor and the art . If you have a glamorous room , for example , you do n't want flea-market art in beat-up frames . It would be better to go with something more polished , with a gold or silver frame . Real Simple : Fill in the blank : Types of art that tend to look good at all price points include ________ . Delvaan : Black-and-white photography , graphic posters , small drawings , and sketches . Nice , large figurative paintings are hard to find at a low price , so maybe steer clear of those . Real Simple : Transform a corner of your home Real Simple : What sites do you like for affordable art ? Delavan : Artriver.com has some fantastic modern-art prints , and momastore.org is great for fine-art prints . Gilt Home has nice reproductions of iconic art from McGaw Graphics and mixed-media work from artists like Parvez Taj . Real Simple : What 's the difference between posters and prints ? Delavan : Posters are reproductions that are unlimited in number ; prints are often limited editions signed and numbered by the artist . Real Simple : How do you make posters look their absolute best ? Delavan : Some have text on the bottom . If you cut that off before framing , they can look so much better . Real Simple : 12 quick fixes for your household things Real Simple : Any rules of thumb on framing ? Delavan : Affordable art should have affordable frames . Affordable ornate frames are usually not good , so I would stick with simple , thin black or white frames . What you want to avoid is taking your $ 60 poster to a frame shop for a $ 300 frame . Real Simple : But does n't framing cost a fortune no matter what ? Real Simple : 11 bedroom makeovers Delavan : Check out wholesaleposterframes.com . You give them the size of your art , and they send you a frame that you put together . It 's easy -- I 've done it . It looks almost like a custom frame . Real Simple : Say that you want to fill the space above a sofa and you have a budget of $ 200 . Delavan : I would bring a family photo that does n't look staged -- something candid or abstract -- to Staples and have it blown up to about 30 by 40 inches , then frame it . Black and white feels more artsy , so that 's one way to make it cooler . Real Simple : What if you have $ 500 ? Delavan : Get three works by the same artist , frame them the same way , and hang them in a row . Real Simple : 14 living-room and dining-room makeovers Real Simple : How about a bigger budget , like $ 2,000 ? Delavan : Look at local galleries . Prints and photos tend to be the least expensive options . Most places let you take things on approval . You may have to pay , but you can get a refund if the piece does n't work . Real Simple : How do you put together a wall of art ? Delavan : There should be some commonality , like a consistent color palette or size . If there is n't , frame all the art the same so that the look is unified . On the wall in my home office , I have reproductions of Robert Indiana 's Love and Roy Lichtenstein 's Ball of Twine 1963 . It 's charming to add a postcard , a calendar , or even kid art . Some of my favorite works are by four-year-old friends . Real Simple : Any secret sources that we might not think of ? Real Simple : 21 ways to enhance an entryway Delavan : Museum shops . If you go to an exhibition and love it , see if there 's a cool object or poster . Sometimes they 're hokey , so do n't pick the most iconic thing , like a reproduction of Michelangelo 's David . Go for something less obvious , less recognizable . Real Simple : Some people recommend shopping student shows at art schools . Any advice on this ? Delavan : I would focus on pieces that are conceptual or abstract -- big swashes of paint or something really geometric -- because students are just starting to develop their technical skills . Real Simple : Bottom-line it for us . Delavan : Art should make you happy . Sometimes people buy things to impress others , but you damn well better like the pieces on your wall when you come home . Good art collectors know to shop from the heart , and that applies at any price . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Art can be tricky because it 's really about personal taste , buyer Tom Delavan said . Framing does n't have to cost a fortune -- do it yourself options give you control Reproductions look at home in the company of similarly colored or sized pictures
CNN  -- Chinese President Hu Jintao has topped the list of Forbes magazine 's list of the world 's most powerful people , besting U.S. President Barack Obama who slipped to the second spot . The magazine said it used four criteria to define power -- whether the person has influence over a lot of people ; whether they have significant wealth compared to their peers ; whether they are powerful in more than one sphere and whether they actively wield power . In that respect , said the magazine , the editors picked Hu as the most powerful man in the world . The annual list was released Wednesday evening . As the leader of China , Hu presides over 1.3 billion people -- one-fifth of the world 's population , and over the world 's largest army . Under him , China has become the world 's second-largest economy . And , says Forbes , "  Unlike Western counterparts , Hu can divert rivers , build cities , jail dissidents and censor Internet without meddling from pesky bureaucrats , courts . " Julian Assange , the editor of WikiLeaks , makes the list  No. 68  , as does Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg  No. 40  . In addition , several accused criminals do too , including al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden  No. 57  . The top 10 most powerful people , according to the magazine : 1 . Hu Jintao , president of China 2 . Barack Obama , president of the United States . 3 . Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz al Saud , the king of Saudi Arabia 4 . Vladimir Putin , the prime minister of Russia 5 . Pope Benedict XVI 6 . Angela Merkel , the chancellor of Germany 7 . David Cameron , prime minister of the United Kingdom 8 . Ben Bernanke , chairman of the Federal Reserve 9 . Sonia Gandhi , president of the Indian National Congress 10 . Bill Gates , founder of Microsoft and co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation .	The magazine uses four criteria to define power Hu presides over one-fifth of the world 's population Osama bin Laden also makes the list
CNN  -- Formula One legend Jackie Stewart is recovering in hospital after falling ill whilst flying back from attending the Geneva Motor Show . The 71-year-old Scot -- who won the world drivers ' title in 1969 , 1971 and 1973 -- was given medical assistance by cabin crew after passing out on the flight , before being taken by ambulance to Hillingdon Hospital in west London . Stewart 's son Paul told the BBC : "  I 've just spoken to him in hospital . He seemed absolutely fine but obviously something happened and we need to establish what . "  I should think he 'll just be checked over and hopefully it will be nothing more sinister than that . " Confirming Stewart 's arrival , a hospital spokeswoman told reporters : "  Jackie Stewart was taken unwell on a flight to Heathrow . At the moment he is undergoing check-ups and his condition is stable . " Meanwhile , Stewart 's private secretary , Oliver Anderson , added : "  Jackie is fully conscious and having precautionary medical checks . We are expecting a full recovery from him . " As well as his three world titles , Stewart won 27 races during a Formula One career between 1965 and 1973 . He also ran his own Stewart team from 1997-1999 , winning one race .	Formula One legend Jackie Stewart is recovering in hospital after falling ill The 71-year-old was flying back from attending the Geneva Motor Show Stewart won the world drivers ' title in 1969 , 1971 and 1973 and 27 races in total
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy says he 's not listening to any of his critics in the buildup to the Masters , as the world No. 2 reflects on his troubled start to 2013 . The Northern Irishman missed the cut at January 's Abu Dhabi Golf Championship after announcing a deal with sponsor Nike which could see him earn as much as $ 250 million . McIlroy followed that by walking off the course at the Honda Classic a month ago before apologizing , having struggled to produce his best golf with a new set of clubs . That stuttering start to the season prompted the 23-year-old to change his schedule -- pulling out of a charity event -- to unexpectedly play this week in the Valero Texas Open , citing the need for more practice ahead of the year 's first major at Augusta . "  No one knows what I 'm trying to do more than me , " he told CNN 's Living Golf in an exclusive interview . "  There was a lot of hype at the start of the year obviously with the switch to Nike , coming off the back of such a great year last year . It 's nice now everything 's settled down a bit . "  I know what I 'm doing . And I know what I 'm working on the course . Of course you see some things sometimes , but you try just to block it out and try , I guess , to have faith in what you 're doing . " McIlroy was intending to be in Haiti this week as part of his role as a UNICEF ambassador , but the two-time major winner took the advice of his caddy J.P. Fitzgerald and traveled to San Antonio to play more competitive golf ahead of the Masters . "  I decided after my second round in Houston last week , " explained McIlroy . Blog : Putting key to Tiger 's revival "  My caddy mentioned it to me and I took a moment to think about it . And I thought it was the best thing to get ready for the Masters . " McIlroy 's play was patchy at Houston , and he laughed as he recalls hitting the ball in the water 10 times . But he was also the longest driver in the PGA Tour tournament , and the seventh best putter . He finished tied for 45th , 12 shots adrift of winner D.A. Points . Resurgent Woods McIlroy , who won the 2011 U.S. Open and the 2012 PGA Championship , readily admits such play will not be good enough to prosper this year -- especially given the form of a certain player who has just knocked him off the top of the world rankings . "  Tiger 's played great golf this year , " said McIlroy of his new Nike stablemate and 14-time major winner Tiger Woods . "  It was coming . You could see last year he was getting very close . He won three times last year as well . "  He 's been putting very well , which is a big key , and if he putts like that for the rest of the season he 's going to be very difficult to beat . " After Texas , for which McIlroy made the deadline to enter by just half an hour , he heads to Augusta -- where he will seek to win his first coveted green jacket . At the 2011 Masters , McIlroy missed out on the first major win of his career as he threw away a four-shot lead in the fourth and final round . "  It 's still the same , " he said . "  It might not be quite the same as the first time I went down but you still get a special feeling , a special excitement when you drive down Magnolia Lane . It 's just a different atmosphere to anything in golf . " His excitement will be more than matched by golf fans should the Masters turn into a showdown between McIlroy and a resurgent Woods .	Rory McIlroy is paying no attention to his critics heading into the Masters The world No. 2 has endured a troubled 2013 since switching to Nike clubs He has been replaced at the top of the world rankings by Nike stablemate Tiger Woods The 2013 Masters at Augusta begins on April 11
