CNN  -- The 30-page NBA document detailing the charges against Donald Sterling accuses the longtime owner of the Los Angeles Clippers of trying to persuade V. Stiviano to tell a league investigator she altered a recording and it was n't Sterling making racist remarks on the audio , the Los Angeles Times reported Tuesday . On Monday , the NBA released a summary of the charges that could lead to NBA owners voting to strip Sterling and his wife , Shelly , of the franchise they have co-owned for 33 years . In it , the NBA said : "  In the course of the investigation into Mr. Sterling 's conduct , it was discovered that relevant evidence was destroyed , false and misleading evidence was provided to the NBA 's investigator , and LAC issued a false and misleading press statement regarding this matter . " The Times reported that the NBA document it obtained alleges Donald Sterling and Stiviano met on May 2 , about a week after the recording containing racist remarks was released by TMZ and just before Stiviano was interviewed by Barbara Walters on ABC . "  Sterling asked Stiviano to tell the NBA that she lied in her previous meeting with the league , " the Times reported . The newspaper also reported the NBA is prepared to argue at a June 3 meeting of the NBA Board of Governors that evidence shows that Sterling and his wife are not estranged and that she helped prepare the team 's press release after the recordings were aired . Team President Andy Roeser also was in on the drafting of the statement that questioned the validity of the recording and suggested it was released by someone seeking revenge against Donald Sterling , according to the newspaper 's account of the NBA document . The Times report also said the NBA suggested Roeser heard the recording on April 9 , weeks before it went online , after a Clippers employee sent Roeser a copy.The document says Roeser told the employee to delete the audio file and text messages about it from a cell phone . Roeser is now on indefinite leave from the team . The paper said Sterling 's lawyer , Maxwell Blecher , did n't respond to a request for comment . When asked by a CNN producer at a Tuesday news conference what evidence had been destroyed , NBA Commissioner Adam Silver said he would n't comment on the specifics of the investigation . NBA charges Sterling , schedules June 3 vote NBA commissioner feels certain league will oust Sterlings Silver said on Tuesday he is confident the league will be able to force the Sterlings to sell the franchise for violating the NBA constitution . But , the new commissioner said , he would prefer the Sterlings sell the team without the league 's pushing . The chances of that happening appear unlikely . Sterling , through his lawyer , has sent a letter to the league saying he wo n't pay a $ 2.5 million fine and threatening to sue if he is n't afforded due process . Shelly Sterling has said she wants to maintain her 50 % stake in the franchise . "  It is their team to sell , " Silver , who has been commissioner for three months , said ahead of the league 's draft lottery . "  They  know what the league 's point of view is . If  they  wanted to sell the team on some reasonable timetable , I prefer  they  sell it than we go through this process . " On Monday , the National Basketball Association officially started the process of terminating the Sterlings ' ownership rights . It sent Donald Sterling a list of charges that the billionaire real estate investor has until May 27 to answer . The league scheduled the June 3 special board of governors meeting for each side to present evidence . Silver also addressed CNN 's question about a report that Sterling demanded a three-month extension , saying the 80-year-old owner needed to abide by the NBA constitution , which puts a firm timeline on the process of removing an ownership group . In order to terminate the Sterlings ' franchise rights , 75 %  23  of the 30 team owners would have to vote to sustain the charge and force a sale . Because Sterling is banned from any NBA activities , he is not allowed to vote , but the Clippers will have a vote , the NBA said . In the case of a forced sale , the league does have a duty to the Sterlings to sell the team for the highest possible price , Silver said . The commissioner told reporters if it gets to that point , the league will hire investment bankers to conduct the sale . The league said it has been damaged by Sterling 's racist remarks to Stiviano , which were posted online in April by TMZ and aired in an interview with CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " Silver expressed confidence that eventually a new group will own the Clippers , who , led by all-stars Blake Griffin and Chris Paul , advanced to the second round of the NBA playoffs this season before losing to the Oklahoma City Thunder . Some analysts have said the team could be worth more than $ 1 billion . Forbes magazine lists the franchise 's value at $ 575 million . "  We know we 're doing the right thing and I know I have the owners behind me , " Silver said . The commissioner said he is more than upset by the controversy that has many analysts focused on Sterling instead of what is happening in the playoffs . "  It was something deeper than anger , " he said . CNN interview damages Sterling 's case In an exclusive interview with CNN 's "  AC 360 " last week , Sterling talked about his relationship with Stiviano and racism in America , and he trashed Magic Johnson and other minorities . "  That 's one problem I have . Jews , when they get successful , they will help their people . And some of the African-Americans , maybe I 'll get in trouble again , they do n't want to help anybody , " said Sterling , who is Jewish . Some owners said privately -- and Mavericks owner Mark Cuban said publicly -- after the scandal first unfolded that it would be difficult to vote on removing an owner for a personal conversation . CNN 's Rachel Nichols told Cooper on Monday that his interview has changed some minds , according to NBA insiders she had spoken with in the past week . "  If there were any owners who were concerned about should we be kicking someone out for a private tape ,  they  now feel more comfortable , " she said . "  Because Donald Sterling went on television with you and made statements that were abhorrent to so many people , they feel as if they are on much firmer ground to kick him out . " Sterling 's lawyer Last week , Sterling hired Blecher , an antitrust lawyer who has worked with him in the past , to fight the NBA . Blecher 's office has had no comment to CNN . Shelly Sterling has said she wants to keep an ownership stake in the team but does n't want to be the controlling partner . Her attorney , Pierce O'Donnell , said Monday she still hopes to resolve the "  dispute with the NBA . " "  Based on our initial assessment , we continue to believe there is no lawful basis for stripping Shelly Sterling of her 50 % ownership interest in the Clippers . She is the innocent estranged spouse , " O'Donnell said . But the NBA said Donald Sterling 's remarks are deemed actions of the entire ownership group . In his interview with Cooper , Sterling repeatedly denied he is a racist but said he made a mistake making the remarks that were recorded . In the recording , which drew widespread condemnation from fans , players and the league after it appeared on TMZ , Sterling chastises Stiviano for posting pictures online of herself with African-Americans , including NBA legend Earvin "  Magic " Johnson . He tells her not to bring Johnson to Clippers games . "  Admire him , bring him here , feed him , f**k him , but do n't put  Magic  on an Instagram for the world to have to see so they have to call me , " he said . "  In your lousy f ** ing Instagrams , you do n't have to have yourself with -- walking with black people , " he said during a different portion of the recording . Stiviano , who has largely avoided the media since the scandal began , is scheduled to appear on the "  Dr. Phil " show on Wednesday . Sterling , who has owned the team since 1981 , said he was baited into making the remarks . The Clippers ' turbulent season ended last week in a 104-98 loss to Oklahoma City . The Thunder won the series four games to two . Sterling : I 'm not a racist , I 'm a giver Magic Johnson : I 'm going to pray for Sterling Opinion : Sterling is clueless , here 's the Magic Johnson I know CNN 's Ed Payne , Jill Martin , Dave Alsup , Adam Reiss and Stephanie Elam contributed to this report .	Los Angeles Times reports on contents of NBA document on Sterling Times : League suggests team president got a copy of recording before it was released Times : Sterling and his wife are not estranged in the minds of the NBA NEW : Commissioner says league would hire investment bankers to sell team , if it comes to that
CNN  -- If Tiger Woods fails in his double bid to retain the Bay Hill title and regain his world No. 1 ranking this weekend , then it 's a fair bet he 'll be ruing his late lapses on the opening two days . The 14-time major winner surrendered two strokes at the last two holes on Thursday , and lost three at the final three on Friday to be four off the lead at the Arnold Palmer Invitational . "  I played way better than what I scored today , " Woods said on the PGA Tour website . "  I missed a couple of short ones , and I had a rough finish . " It was another frustrating finish for the 37-year-old , who started the tournament in high spirits after publicly acknowledging his relationship with skiing star Lindsey Vonn . He last held the No. 1 ranking in late October 2010 , having occupied it for 281 weeks before a marital scandal that ended in in his divorce . Added to injury problems , he dropped as low as 58th in the standings before resurrecting his career with three titles last year and two more this season . Woods started the second round with a promising birdie and then eagled the par-five sixth hole before picking up further shots at 11 and 13 . However , it all went wrong as he bogeyed 16 , 17 and 18 to drop to a tie for seventh place on five-under-par 139 , having carded 70 after his opening 69 . "  The good news is we 've got 36 holes to go , " said Woods , who seeking to join Sam Snead as the only player to win the same tournament eight times . "  Certainly four shots can be made up . "  I 've made my share of mistakes on the last few holes the last couple days . I need to clean that up . " Alongside him were fellow former world No. 1 Vijay Singh and fellow American Mark Wilson , who both moved up from 15th overnight with their 68s . Bill Haas joined overnight leader Justin Rose at the top , with both on 135 after shooting 66 and 70 respectively . Englishman Rose dropped a shot at his final hole , while American Haas had earlier finished strongly with an eagle at 16 -- emulating Woods ' opening-day effort . Haas , whose wife is due to deliver their first child in two months , is battling neck pain he suffered reaching down to pick up a towel at the Northern Trust Open . "  We should call it a sore neck , not an injury . When you 're playing poorly , it hurts , and when you 're playing well , it does n't hurt , " he said . John Huh , born in New York to South Korean parents , dropped to third on 136 after a 69 , while fellow U.S. players Ken Duke , J.J Henry and Jimmy Walker were tied for fourth on 138 . Major champions Ernie Els , Phil Mickelson , Webb Simpson , Lucas Glover and Trevor Immelman all missed the halfway cut along with FedEx Cup series leader Brandt Snedeker . Mickelson , who will be seeking his fourth Green Jacket at Augusta next month , shot his worst round at Bay Hill -- 79 -- as he battles to regain the form he showed in winning at Phoenix last month . "  From where it was a few months ago , where I felt so good and my ball-striking was some of the best I 've ever had , it is a little surprising , " the 42-year-old lefthander said . It was Snedeker 's first start in a month following a rib injury , and he struggled with successive 76s .	Tiger Woods four shots off lead in Bay Hill title defense after more late mistakes He dropped two strokes at end of opening round and another three on Friday Woods tied for seventh as Bill Haas joins Justin Rose at top of leaderboard Ernie Els , Phil Mickelson and Brandt Snedeker among those who miss the cut
Stephen Slevin 's 22 months in solitary confinement in a county jail left him traumatized and physically weak , but he 'll soon be a multimillionaire for his suffering . The New Mexico county that locked him up on a drunk driving charge , isolated him from other inmates and accused of essentially forgetting about him for nearly two years agreed this week to settle his lawsuit for $ 15.5 million . Slevin , now 59 , went to jail in August 2005 as "  a well nourished , physically healthy adult , " but emerged with a long beard , bed sores , bad teeth and weighing just 133 pounds in June 2007 , according to the lawsuit . Jailers separated Slevin from other inmates because of his history of mental illness , according to the lawsuit filed by Albuquerque civil rights attorney Matthew Coyte in December 2008 . The charges of driving while intoxicated and receiving a stolen vehicle were never prosecuted . "  They threw him in solitary and then ignored him , " said Coyte a year ago after a federal jury awarded Slevin $ 22 million . "  He disappeared into delirium , and his mental illness was made worse by being isolated from human contact and a lack of medical care . " Slevin suffers from post-traumatic stress from what he called physical and mental mistreatment by corrections officials in Dona Ana County , which shares a border with Mexico in the southern part of the state . The county 's commissioners agreed this week to drop their appeal of the jury 's verdict in return for Slevin accepting the lesser amount . "  The Board of County Commissioners deeply regrets the harm Mr. Slevin suffered during this period , " the county said in a statement Thursday . "  Over the past seven years , Dona Ana County has made significant improvements to detention center staffing , training , facilities and procedures . Dona Ana County is committed to ensuring consistent and appropriate treatment of every detainee in its care . " Slevin 's lawsuit alleged he became malnourished , lost significant weight , developed bedsores , fungus and dental problems and was not aware of his situation or surroundings . He was transferred to another state facility for two weeks , given a psychiatric evaluation and then sent back to the Dona Ana County Detention Center , where he was again placed in solitary confinement . Coyte said Slevin did receive a brief competency hearing a year into his imprisonment , but the case against the man never proceeded . After 22 months as a pretrial detainee , Slevin was released and the charges dismissed . He then filed suit , claiming his rights of due process were violated since he was not given a hearing before being placed in solitary confinement . Photos taken before and after his confinement show dramatic appearance changes . The plaintiff said things were so bad he was forced to pull his own tooth while in custody , and that his pleas for help were dismissed . In pretrial motions , the county denied "  that there was lack of medical care . For most of the other allegations , officials either denied them or said they were "  without knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief " of the veracity of the claims . Coyte told CNN he and Slevin hope their victory would "  help bring a stop to the use of solitary confinement in America . Other countries recognize it as a form of torture , whereas America uses it as a routine method of incarceration . " "  The families and friends of the people who have been subjected to this barbaric treatment know what we are talking about , " Coyte wrote in an e-mail . "  They see the effects of it every day . Hopefully Stephen 's story can make a difference to them and others who are currently sitting in a concrete cell 23 hours a day . " The county said it has taken "  bold steps " to improve the 846-bed jail , which it said would make it "  the model for detention centers and the care of the mentally ill in the state of New Mexico . " "  In the wake of this large settlement , we can say definitively that we have learned from the past , " its statement said . "  We can also say with confidence that we are leading the way for the future . " Slevin continues to have serious medical issues , and is fighting lung cancer , his lawyer said . "  Stephen is optimistic in his ongoing battle with cancer and is doing as well as can be expected while undergoing some pretty difficult treatments , " Coyte wrote . "  Mentally , he will always suffer the effects of his inhumane treatment at the hands of Dona Ana County . The money can never replace what they took from him . "	"  They threw him in solitary and then ignored him " for 22 months , Stephen Slevin 's lawyer says He left jail with bed sores , bad teeth and lost weight , a lawsuit said A federal jury awarded Slevin $ 22 million a year ago New Mexico county drops appeal , says it has made detention improvements
CNN  -- When Enric Sala dips his toes in a pool of water , he does so in the knowledge he may well be the first man on the planet to do so . As he lowers himself below the surface of the ocean in his diving gear he becomes something of a fish whisperer , an underwater pied piper . In short , marine life flocks to the pony-tailed Spaniard . "  It 's an amazing experience to see fish that have never seen humans , " he says . "  They come really , really close to us . That 's just unthinkable where people are fishing . Normally , we 're used to them swimming away from us . "  What we 're doing is hard to do almost anywhere in the world . We 're seeing large fish and sharks in almost every dive . People could spend years in , say , the Caribbean and see less sharks than we can in just one single dive . This latest trip has been a really , really special experience . It 's so wild and we expected to see healthy reefs but not like this . " Sala is a novelty -- well , certainly to sea life -- with his passion for untouched waters as National Geographic 's explorer-in-residence , whose mission is to help protect the last wild places in the ocean . The society 's "  Pristine Seas " initiative has been set up to fend off the long-distance fishing fleets that have started to encroach in these remote waters . Just 2 % of the world 's waters are protected , and Sala knows he has a gargantuan task ahead of him that needs massive backing by the world 's governments . Slowly but surely he is chipping away at ensuring a better future for the world 's waters . Of the eight areas he has so far visited under the program , four are now protected with a further two currently pending protection . His most recent expedition is to New Caledonia , an archipelago that separated from Australia 60-85 million years ago , coming to rest 1,210 kilometers east , and is now a special collectivity of France at the behest of Napoleon III , who ordered his navy to take formal possession of the 18,500 kmÂ ² . A day 's boat ride north from New Caledonia 's most northern tip , the Waitt 's Institute research vessel has , until recently , been bobbing for the last three weeks slowly on the water 's surface . A team of 12 people , made up of scientists , cameramen and crew , with Sala at the epicenter as expedition leader . Previously an academic , he recalls : "  I was studying the effects of humans on the ocean . It was so depressing . I thought saving the ocean was a lost battle but then I decided I wanted to be part of the solution , so we started the Pristine Seas project . "  Now I feel like there 's hope . Now I go to these places and see what it used to be like , to see what the future could be elsewhere with regeneration . " Sala 's passion for all things underwater is addictive , he talks with a childlike enthusiasm for his current expedition . He was a boy when first captivated by the magic of the sea , inspired by the famous former diver and explorer Jacques Cousteau . "  Since I can remember , my dream was to be a diver on his boat but I was born too late for that . But now I 'm getting to do something similar myself . He showed us a lot and in later years showed us what was wrong with what we were doing . I 'm trying to go one step beyond that and find solutions . " So how would his idol have perceived what Sala and his team are now doing ? "  I think he would have been proud of what we 're doing , " says Sala , who grew up on the Spanish Mediterranean coast . "  If he had lived on , I think he would have done something like this himself . But he was just an amazing man known by so many people around the world . " Sala 's current quest is aimed at not just protecting certain waters but regenerating those that have been fished to within an inch of their lives . The aim is to ensure protected areas become increasingly rich in fish and other underwater life , thereby spilling into other waters as it becomes overly abundant , thus in the long-term having a positive knock-on effect to fishermen . But he and his team are also learning about healthy coral and reef , among other things , to learn how to help regenerate damaged varieties in other global waters . Their days are spent diving , filming , photographing and researching . Sala , indeed , is most at home in the ocean . "  Once in the water , all the problems on the surface disappear , " he insists . "  You 're in a world where you 're in complete focus but also at peace . It 's a world where you do n't feel the strong gravity from the planet , you feel like you 're flying . "  It completely changes your perspective on the world . I think it probably helps that endorphins are being released especially in these pristine places . "  Being able to experience nature , and raw nature at that , first hand is like going back in the past . On these trips , it 's like I go into a time machine and go back . It 's quite spiritual . " Sharks have become synonymous with fear in the sea , thanks in part to Steven Spielberg 's "  Jaws " film with John Williams ' ominous stringed musical buildup to each unwitting victim of a shark attack . But Sala 's experience of the underwater predators has been the complete antithesis . "  Every moment is wonderful , like spending just one dive following clown fish for the whole dive , " he says . "  All the animals are special but the most special are sharks . "  They are just so beautiful and elegant in the water . They 're perfect in their environment and their shape has not really changed in 300 million years . "  They are also great for the health of the reef , and the idea that they are dangerous is wrong . They have a bad reputation but in my five years doing this , diving sharks , I 've not had one problem . I 've never once been threatened by sharks . " His long-term aim , and that of National Geographic , is to protect 20 seas in total . So how exactly can you protect large swathes of water ? "  It 's become much easier as governments who we 've worked with pass laws limiting the areas that can be fished , " he explains . "  Obviously some of these are in remote waters so the best way to do that is via satellite . For example in New Caledonia , we found out that the French Navy had intercepted an illegal Chinese fishing vessel . Having a naval presence is also a great deterrent . " Next on his tick list is Mozambique in April . Slowly , sea by sea he is clearing up the planet 's waters , and he is determined to continue .	Enric Sala , National Geographic 's explorer-in-residence , is aiming to clean up the seas His latest mission took him to relatively unknown waters off New Caledonia As a child he was inspired by the work of prestigious explorer Jacques Cousteau Previously he thought all hope was lost to restoring the seas , he has since changed his mind
New York  CNN  -- The attorney for a family who filed a wrongful death lawsuit in the death of Mark Bavis , 31 -- who died in the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks -- says new court documents offer a glimpse into airport security lapses that made the attacks possible . Security screeners at Boston 's Logan International Airport allegedly had trouble communicating in English , were unable to detect weapons -- such as a chemical spray called Mace -- and were operating under a general manager who was unaware of the al-Qaeda terrorist threat . "  What it came down to that day was that entities did not do their job , " said Mary Schiavo , attorney for the Bavis family . Mark Bavis , a hockey scout aboard United Airlines Flight 175 , died when his flight crashed into the World Trade Center 's south tower . "  This suit is not about money , it never has been , " Schiavo added . "  It 's about accountability . " Thousands of families received monetary compensation following legal settlements involving 9/11 victims . The documents were filed in Manhattan federal court in a lawsuit against United Airlines , a private security company and Massachusetts Port Authority -- which owns and operates Logan airport . The defendants say they are not liable for the attacks . Massport spokesman Matthew Brelis declined to comment on the case , but his agency in May filed a motion to dismiss , saying "  Mr. Bavis 's tragic death was not due to the breach of any security layer for which Massport had authority or responsibility under federal law . " In the filing , Massport claims the Federal Aviation Administration regulations for screening passengers and their baggage was not the responsibility of airports but the airlines . A spokesman for United Airlines declined comment . Schiavo maintains that the airline "  had exclusive control over its aircraft and over security procedures " and are ultimately responsible for the safety of its passengers . The trial date is set for November 7 .	Court papers provide evidence of negligence in 9/11 lawsuit , attorney says Defendants say security breach was not their fault Mark Bavis died when his flight crashed into the World Trade Center 's south tower
London  CNN  -- Piracy , mostly in the dangerous waters near Somalia , has surged this year and may be at an all-time high , according to a new report Thursday . There have been 142 pirate attacks worldwide in the first three months of this year , according to the report from the International Chamber of Commerce 's International Maritime Bureau . And 97 of the attacks came off the coast of Somalia , the organization said . "  Figures for piracy and armed robbery at sea in the past three months are higher than we 've ever recorded in the first quarter of any past year , " said Pottengal Mukundan , director of bureau that has monitored piracy since 1991 . During these attacks , 18 vessels were hijacked and 344 crew members were taken hostage . In the first three months of 2011 , seven crew members have been killed and 34 injured , according to the report . One of the deadly attacks occurred in February when four Americans were killed after Somali pirates hijacked their 58-foot yacht off the coast of Oman . U.S. prosecutors announced this week that they had indicted a man believed to be one of the leaders of that pirate attack .	Most of the pirate attacks are occurring near Somalia , group says Seven people have been killed during these attacks One of the attacks was in February on a yacht where four Americans were killed
CNN  -- We 're keeping an eye on five high-profile cases this week . We may see a verdict in one  the Whitey Bulger trial  , a sentence in another  the Bradley Manning case  and more fireworks in a third  the Nidal Hasan court-martial  . Also this week , the lawyer for a teen whose Facebook post landed him in jail will argue that the case be thrown out . And we wait to see if a grand jury indicts former NFL tight end Aaron Hernandez . ` WHITEY ' BULGER CASE : Deliberations resume After deliberating for 28 hours over four days , a federal jury broke for the weekend without announcing a verdict in the trial of reputed Boston crime boss James "  Whitey " Bulger . The eight-man , four-woman panel will resume work Monday morning to process testimony from more than 70 witnesses and more than 800 exhibits compiled during the seven weeks of the trial . Bulger , 83 , is accused of racketeering , including involvement in 19 killings , and also 13 counts of extortion and money-laundering during a 20-year "  reign of terror " that defined South Boston from the early '70s through 1995 , when Bulger fled Boston . Patricia Donahue , the widow of one of Bulger 's alleged victims , said she believed "  the jurors are looking at the situation and trying to do right by all of us . " Still , Donahue said , "  If deliberations go for a long period of time I 'm going to start to worry about a mistrial . " -- Deborah Feyerick and Kristina Sgueglia See all the charges the jury will decide  PDF Deliberations in ` Whitey ' Bulger trial resume Monday BRADLEY MANNING TRIAL : Awaiting a sentence Last week , a military judge combined some of the criminal convictions in Bradley Manning 's national security leak case , reducing his maximum possible prison sentence from 136 years to 90 . But Col. Denise Lind has not indicated when she will sentence Manning . Manning , a former Army intelligence analyst , was convicted of stealing and disseminating 750,000 pages of classified documents and videos to WikiLeaks . The leaks dealt with U.S. military strategy in Iraq to State Department cables outlining foreign relationships . They also included a secret military video from the Iraq war . Lind acquitted Manning of the most grievous charge of aiding the enemy , which carried a maximum life sentence . But she found him guilty of other counts that include violations of the Espionage Act . Lind could decide not to slap him with the maximum for each count . She may rule that he 'll serve the sentences concurrently , rather than consecutively . The government is still presenting witnesses during the sentencing phase at Fort Meade , Maryland . The defense is expected to present several witnesses as well . -- Larry Shaughnessy What 's next for Bradley Manning ? Manning 's father says son was ` grandstanding ' NIDAL HASAN COURT MARTIAL : Quick testimonies When the admitted Fort Hood gunman 's trial reconvenes Monday , prosecutors will continue their brisk march through the witness list . By the end of Friday , they had called 48 of their 80 witnesses in three days , a fast pace enabled in part by Nidal Hasan declining to cross-examine anyone in the first two days . Hasan is accused of killing 13 people and wounding 32 others in a November 2009 shooting rampage at the Army post near Killeen , Texas . Hasan , an Army psychiatrist who was paralyzed by a police bullet during the rampage , admitted at the start of the trial that he was the shooter at the medical building where soldiers were being prepared for deployment to Afghanistan and Iraq . If convicted , he could face the death penalty . In a military capital trial , a guilty plea is not an option . Hasan is representing himself , but has three attorneys as backup . The attorneys have asked to drop out of the case , saying they believed Hasan is trying to help the prosecution achieve a death sentence . But the judge , Col. Tara Osborn , ruled Thursday that they must continue , saying it was "  nothing more than their disagreement with Hasan 's strategy in conducting his defense . " -- Josh Rubin Hasan 's attorneys trying to leave case Fort Hood victims feel betrayed JUSTIN CARTER TERRORISM CHARGE : Seeking a dismissal Justin Carter , a 19-year-old Texas teen , is facing a felony terrorism charge for posting , during an argument about a video game , what he said was a sarcastic comment . According to court documents , Cater wrote , "  I 'm f *** ed in the head alright . I think I ` ma  sic  shoot up a kindergarten and watch the blood of the innocent rain down and eat the beating heart of one of them . " His father said Carter followed the claim with "  LOL " and "  J/K , " indicating that the comment was n't serious . Authorities said someone reported the comment , which came about two months after the mass killings at Sandy Hook Elementary School , leading to Carter 's arrest February 21 on a felony charge of making terroristic threats . In Texas , that carries a sentence of up to 10 years in prison . On Monday , at a pretrial hearing , Carter 's lawyer will ask that the case be dismissed on First Amendment grounds . They say his comments were taken out of context , and that Carter made no real threat because he used the words , "  I think . " "  They need to look at the context of what 's put online . Because if they would , they would have seen that it was sarcasm , " said attorney Donald Flanary . -- Pamela Brown Teen jailed for Facebook ` joke ' released on bail AARON HERNANDEZ MURDER CASE : Fiance in the spotlight Investigators want to know if former NFL tight end Aaron Hernandez asked his fiance to hide the .45 caliber gun used in the killing of Odin Lloyd . Llyod 's bullet-riddled body was found in a Massachusetts industrial park on Father 's Day , about a mile from Hernandez 's home . He was shot five times . The gun has yet to be found . Prosecutors have accused the former New England Patriot of orchestrating the death . Hernandez , 23 , has pleaded not guilty to murder . He is being held without bail . On Friday , his hometown newspaper , The Bristol Press in Connecticut , reported on newly unsealed search warrants that seem to suggest that his fiance , Shayanna Jenkins , took a lock box from his North Attleboro home to a storage facility . Another defendant , Carlos Ortiz , allegedly told police that after the killing , Hernandez put two guns into a lock box . According to surveillance tapes , Jenkins carried a "  rigid object " the size of a lock box from the home into a car . She returned about a half hour later without it . In the documents , police say Jenkins may either have dumped the gun in the woods or took them to the storage facility in Bristol , where Hernandez had rented a unit . CNN was unable to reach Hernandez 's lawyers for comment . There 's a probable cause hearing on Hernandez 's first-degree murder charges on August 22 , unless a grand jury that 's looking into the case indicts him first . -- Susan Candiotti Official : Lake search did n't turn up weapon in Aaron Hernandez case	Deliberations resume in the Bulger case Bradley Manning awaits sentencing Nidal Hasan 's trial reconvenes Grand jury looks into indictments in the Hernandez case
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Brittany Murphy , the bubbly , free-spirited actress who appeared in such films as "  Clueless " and "  8 Mile , " died Sunday , apparently of natural causes , the Los Angeles County Coroner 's Office said . She was 32 . Murphy was pronounced dead at 10:04 a.m. PT Sunday at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center , hospital spokeswoman Sally Stewart told CNN Radio . An autopsy had not been scheduled as of Sunday night , but Captain John Kades , a spokesman for the coroner 's office , told CNN that there was no sign of foul play or trauma . He added that it 's not unusual for a younger person to die of natural causes . The coroner 's office is looking into Murphy 's medical history . A final report could take up to eight weeks . The Los Angeles Police Department is investigating the death , and robbery and homicide detectives will be at her home , LAPD spokeswoman Norma Eisenman said . "  The sudden loss of our beloved Brittany is a terrible tragedy , " her family said in a statement issued by her publicist . "  She was our daughter , our wife , our love and a shining star . We ask you to respect our privacy at this time . " Funeral arrangements are pending , the family said . Murphy starred in several movies , including "  Just Married , " "  Do n't Say a Word " and "  Riding in Cars with Boys . " She also voiced the character Luanne on the animated TV series "  King of the Hill . " She is survived by her husband , British screenwriter Simon Monjack , whom she married in 2007 . Fans took to Murphy 's official Facebook page Sunday to issue their condolences . "  She was a great actress and was going to go far in her career ! She will be greatly missed ! " read one post . Murphy 's former boyfriend and "  Just Married " co-star Ashton Kutcher posted his reaction to the news via Twitter . "  2day the world lost a little piece of sunshine . My deepest condolences go out 2 Brittany 's family , her husband , & her amazing mother Sharon , " Kutcher posted . He added later : "  see you on the other side kid . " Singer-actress Jessica Simpson tweeted : "  Brittany Murphy was an incredible ray of Light to so many people . Her smile was contagious . My prayers are with her family and loved ones . " Actress Alyssa Milano , who did a USO tour with Murphy in 2003 , wrote on Twitter : "  She was a sweet soul , with a lot of talent and heart . " Murphy was best known for her work in a string of romantic comedies in the early 2000s , including lead roles in "  Uptown Girls " alongside fellow Georgia native Dakota Fanning , and "  Little Black Book " with Holly Hunter and Kathy Bates , but her movie roles had declined in recent years . Last month , Murphy reportedly was fired from "  The Caller , " a movie she was working on in Puerto Rico . Her representative issued a statement to news outlets disputing the report , saying : "  She was not nor has she ever been fired from any job big or small . ... -LSB- Due -RSB- to creative differences Ms. Murphy and the production mutually parted ways , " according to People magazine . In addition to her "  King of the Hill " role , she lent her voice to a number of animated works including the TV series "  Futurama " and the 2006 hit movie "  Happy Feet . " Her work as troubled teenagers in "  Do n't Say a Word " and "  Girl , Interrupted " also gained her critical acclaim . Murphy was the subject of tabloid gossip after she transformed from a pudgy brunette in 1995 's "  Clueless " to a petite , lithe blonde who graced the cover of such magazines as Cosmopolitan in 2005 . She frequently denied rumors of an eating disorder and plastic surgery . Her love life also was fodder for gossip sites as she broke two engagements in 2004 and 2006 , then married Monjack after only four months of dating . "  All these ridiculous people came out and said all this nonsense when we got married , -LSB- but -RSB- thank God we had the substance and the history within that to -LSB- say -RSB- , ` Yeah , whatever ! ' " Monjack told People magazine in a 2008 interview . "  We still do n't understand what happened . It 's made us laugh , it 's made us cry , but it 's made us stronger . "	NEW : Coroner 's office : She apparently died of natural causes ; report on death could take weeks No signs of foul play or trauma , coroner 's office spokesman says Murphy pronounced dead at 10:04 a.m. PT Sunday , hospital spokeswoman says Actress starred in "  Clueless " and "  8 Mile , " and was voice of Luanne in "  King of the Hill "
The Manhattan clinic where Joan Rivers suffered cardiac arrest disputed a report that it happened during a biopsy of her vocal cords . A spokesman for the Yorkville Endoscopy clinic gave CNN its first public statement since Rivers fell ill during a procedure . While federal privacy laws limit what medical providers can make public , the statement counters a New York newspaper report quoting an unidentified source saying a doctor made a "  spur-of-the-moment " decision "  to take a scalpel to a polyp-like growth on her vocal cord . " "  A biopsy of the vocal cords has never been performed at Yorkville Endoscopy , " the clinic 's statement said . Rivers , 81 , died last Thursday in New York 's Mount Sinai Hospital , where she was rushed a week earlier after she stopped breathing and her heart stopped beating during treatment at Yorkville Endoscopy . Many questions have been raised about what that treatment was given and what might have gone wrong that led to the comedian 's death . Few answers have been made public because of medical privacy rules , but the New York State Health Department confirmed the agency is investigating . The clinic statement also seemed to address speculation that her cardiac arrest could have been related to the anesthesia used to sedate Rivers while an endoscope , which is a long , flexible camera , was used to examine her throat . "  General anesthesia has never been administered at Yorkville Endoscopy , " the statement said . "  The type of sedation used at Yorkville Endoscopy is monitored anesthesia care . Our anesthesiologists utilize light to moderate sedation . " Only licensed medical doctors who are board-certified anesthesiologists administer anesthesia at the clinic , the statement said . "  Our anesthesiologists monitor the patient continuously utilizing state-of-the-art monitoring equipment , and remain at the bedside throughout the procedure and into recovery , " it said . The clinic 's statement also appeared to address criticism that Rivers should have been treated in a hospital and not a clinic because of her advanced age . "  Yorkville Endoscopy has strict policies in place for the criteria of who gets treated in this center versus in a hospital , " the statement said . "  Every patient is pre-screened by their gastroenterologist , an anesthesiologist and a nurse for appropriateness to be treated at Yorkville Endoscopy . Some patients are also pre-screened by their personal physicians . " The clinic is also well-equipped and staffed to handle emergencies , including for tracheal intubation when a patient stops breathing , the statement said . "  Yorkville Endoscopy has all necessary airway equipment , including a fiber optic scope available for emergency intubation , " it said . "  Three to four board certified anesthesiologists are on duty at Yorkville Endoscopy at any given time . " All of its doctors are certified for advance cardiac life support and many of the nurses also work in hospital intensive care units and emergency rooms , it said . Rivers was a pointed , pioneering comedian Rivers was undergoing an apparently minor elective procedure at the clinic when she suffered cardiac and respiratory arrest , according to the New York Fire Department . Paramedics took her by ambulance to Mount Sinai Hospital , about a mile from the clinic , where she was initially listed in critical condition . Rivers spent a week on life support before she was pronounced dead on September 4 . 25 of Joan Rivers ' best jokes The outpatient clinic is now being investigated by the New York State Department of Health , spokesman James O'Hara said . Rivers ' death also has triggered an investigation by the New York medical examiner 's office , its spokeswoman , Julie Bolcer , told CNN . "  The cause and manner of death will be announced at some point , " she said . Howard Stern : I cried ` like a baby ' at Rivers ' funeral	Clinic : "  A biopsy of the vocal cords has never been performed at Yorkville Endoscopy " Federal privacy laws limit what medical providers can make public about patients The clinic has state-of-the-art equipment and well-qualified doctors , nurses , clinic says Joan Rivers died a week after suffering cardiac arrest at the Manhattan clinic
Martha Stewart Living  -- Your Nana 's collection of figurines . The treadmill from your days as a runner . That unfinished five-year quilting project . As spring-cleaning season kicks in , you 're inspired to chuck anything that is n't being put to good use . But then you falter , since getting rid of stuff can be an emotionally charged process . Martha Stewart Living : Spring cleaning to-do list : The 12 things you need to clean "  A lot of us hold on to items not because we love them or they 're useful , but because we 're living in the past or for the future , " says Monika Eckfield , an assistant professor at California State University East Bay who studies people 's relationships with things . Indeed , a lot of us have a hard time letting go , if the 2.3 billion square feet -- or 82.5 square miles -- of self-storage units in the U.S. is any indication .  Never mind what 's crammed under our beds .  For the estimated 2 to 5 % of Americans who suffer from hoarding , a mental disorder often related to depression and anxiety , this is a problem that interferes with daily life . Martha Stewart Living : 10 clever house-cleaning tricks But for most people , the buildup of stuff happens gradually and naturally over decades . Regardless of the degree of clutter in your home , experts agree there are ways to clear it once and for all . Psychoanalyze your stuff "  There has not been much research into why we form these attachments to objects , psychologically , but most of us form them , " says Gail Steketee , dean of social work at Boston University and coauthor of several books on hoarding . She says that most people store stuff for a handful of reasons : "  Sometimes it 's just simple joy or aesthetics -- there 's pleasure in seeing an object -- but often nostalgia , guilt and anxiety play a role . " Martha Stewart Living : 19 tips for perfect laundry every time Steketee suggests examining your reasons for keeping an item : "  Do you use it or not ? If not , is it something of beauty ? Or is there another reason you 're holding on to it ? " she asks . "  Often people pile the reasons on top of each other -- it was mom 's juicer , and it still works , and besides , that orange color is kind of nice . " If you find yourself struggling for justifications , or realize you still have an item out of obligation more than anything else , it may be time to let it go . Professional organizer Barbara Reich suggests considering whether your attachment is overblown : "  An item might be something an aunt bought ages ago for 20 cents , and people think , ` Oh , I ca n't get rid of it . ' When really your aunt would n't care if you got rid of that candy dish . " Reich also says to take a hard look at items you 're retaining for practical reasons -- a box of DVDs , say -- and think about what will happen if you get rid of it but wind up needing it later .  A DVD can be borrowed from the library or rented . Martha Stewart Living : Martha 's ultimate organizing solutions Part ways happily A successful sweep can entail enlisting the help of a friend or professional organizer , says Erin Rooney Doland , editor in chief of Unclutterer.com . "  Talking about the items helps you make rational decisions , " she says . "  Telling stories can help you let the items go . " Finding objects a good home can also serve as an emotional cushion -- giving that volume of art books to a school library is less wasteful and traumatic than leaving them at the curb . "  The good feeling that comes from donating helps counter any guilt , " says Steketee . To purge thoughtfully , do n't expect to clear everything out in a weekend . "  A lot of folks get motivated , then lose steam -- and now they 've made an even bigger mess , because they 've pulled out half the closet 's contents , " says Eckfield . She suggests setting manageable goals , like one shelf per weekend . Save space for sentimentality Remember , "  you are not a robot , " says Doland . Despite being a professional organizer , she keeps sentimental items herself -- a pair of scissors from camp when she was 16 years old , for instance . "  Scissors are n't a distraction from the life I want to lead , " she says , "  but a large box crammed with trinkets from that same summer would be clutter . " Setting physical parameters -- one box per year of your kids ' childhood , for example -- helps you zero in on what matters most . Reich advises saving these things in a way that honors their importance -- labeled and well-wrapped . Then revisit them periodically to see if your feelings have changed . Martha Stewart Living : 12 tools to use in your house in unexpected ways The emotional uptick to divesting yourself of the rest ? "  You no longer feel like your stuff is hanging over you , " says Doland . "  You have more space for the life you want -- physically in your home , but also mentally . " Eckfield remembers when an older client finally acknowledged that she was never going to make beaded jewelry again and got rid of her supplies . Instead of mourning the end of a longtime hobby , she saw off-loading those supplies "  as a fresh opportunity to do something new , " says Eckfield . "  She told me , ` There 's a time when you have to hang up your spurs . ' " Martha Stewart Living : Top 50 everyday money-saving tips Decluttering the digital way If there are items you want to keep -- but rarely need to look at -- consider these electronic options . Photographs You 're better off scanning old prints than letting them disintegrate in a box . Take them to a professional photo shop , or scan them onto your phone with an app like Ancestry.com 's Shoebox . As you take new photos , avoid another pileup by creating digital folders , organized by month or occasion , says Reich . "  I also tell clients to stop printing photos unless they 're being framed , " she adds . Children 's artwork Like many parents , Doland , a mother of two , has a hard time parting with her kids ' artwork . Her process : Collect the items in a bin , and comb through it once a year , since identifying the keepers is easier with some distance . Put a few favorites in a portfolio , and photograph the rest for a digital gallery . Send almost-keepers to relatives and the rest to the recycling bin .  Doland even has her husband take the bin to the curb . Books Yes , books bring warmth to a room , but "  when they no longer fit on the shelves , they 're a problem , " says Reich . "  Only keep books you truly love , and purge the ones you did n't enjoy or will never read again . " If you 're on the fence about getting rid of a book , check if it 's available as an e-book or still in print  most kids ' classics never go out of print  . Keepsakes Photograph knickknacks , toys and other sentimental things before parting ways with them , suggests Doland . Take it a step further by creating a photo book on a site like Shutterfly and enlisting family members to share memories in the captions . You can also print the photo and frame it to keep the item around the house while reducing its footprint -- with the right Instagram filter , that old mixer or ragged teddy bear can become a work of art . What have you kept and what have you tossed ? Share your experience in the comments , on Twitter @CNNliving or on CNN Living 's Facebook page .	Having trouble tossing something with sentimental value ? You 're not alone Professional organizers suggest re-homing objects or analyzing why you 've kept them Try setting physical parameters , like one box of your child 's artwork per year Unclutterer.com editor : "  You no longer feel like your stuff is hanging over you "
PEOPLE.com  -- And baby makes 22 ! Polygamist reality television star Kody Brown and his fourth wife , Robyn , welcomed their first child together -- a son named Solomon -- at 2:02 a.m. Wednesday morning at the couple 's home in Las Vegas , they tell PEOPLE exclusively . The baby boy weighed in at 9 lbs. , 10.5 oz. , and is 22 inches long . "  He 's perfect and we could n't be happier , " Kody tells PEOPLE . "  We are so thrilled . " Brown , 43 , and Robyn , 33 , married during last year 's season finale of the TLC reality show "  Sister Wives " and now work to blend a family that includes three other wives and 16 additional children , some from previous marriages . The family -- including Brown 's first and only legal wife Meri , 40 , their daughter , Meriah , 16 ; wife Janelle , 42 , and their children Logan , 17 , Madison , 15 , Hunter , 14 , Garrison , 13 , Gabriel , 10 , and Savanah , 6 ; and wife Christine , 39 , and their children Aspyn , 16 , Mykelti , 15 , Paedon , 13 , Gwendyln , 10 , Ysabel , 8 , and Truely , 1 -- added Robyn and her three children from a previous marriage , Dayton , 11 , Aurora , 9 , and Breanna , 7 , to the expansive Brown clan , and moved from Utah to Nevada after police launched an investigation into the family last year .  The Browns have since filed a federal lawsuit in July challenging the constitutionality of Utah 's bigamy law . This season , the Browns are residing in four separate homes in Las Vegas and dealing with the emotional , financial and physical strain that comes from living a "  plural " lifestyle . Sister Wives airs Sunday nights  9 p.m. ET  on TLC . Solomon 's birth will air on the show 's season finale on November 27 . See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Kody Brown and his fourth wife , Robyn , welcomed their first child The baby boy weighed in at 9 lbs . Brown , 43 , and Robyn , 33 , married during last year 's season finale
CNN Student News  -- June 4 , 2014 On the 25th anniversary of a crackdown in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square , CNN Student News explains why many people in China wo n't publicly discuss the event . We also look into news events from the Middle East and Europe , and we explore the potential pros and cons of a proposed hike in the federal minimum wage . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Describe some powerful photographs that have come to represent historic events . Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Tiananmen Square 2 . minimum wage 3 . immune system Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Who is the current president of Syria ? What is the expected outcome of elections being held there ? What does the Syrian government say about these elections ? How has the U.S. responded ? According to the video , what is the purpose of these elections ? 2 . What kind of government does China have ? What happened in Tiananmen Square in Beijing , China on June 4 , 1989 ? According to the report , why are some questions about June 4 left unanswered ? Where did the democracy discussions start ? What happens when the CNN reporter asks people there if June 4 means anything to them ? How does one recent graduate answer that question ? What does she think people in China prefer to focus on instead ? 3 . What country did President Obama visit yesterday ? What did he promise that country 's president ? Why has he asked Congress for $ 1 billion ? With whom has the U.S. been at odds regarding the crisis in Ukraine ? Why have some been critical of the president 's foreign policy ? What does the president hope this trip will help to accomplish ? 4 . What is the current federal minimum wage ? How much does President Obama want it to be ? According to the Congressional Budget Office , what are some of the potential positive and negative effects of this kind of raise in the minimum wage ? What U.S. city just set the highest minimum wage ? How much is it ? Why are some of the city 's business leaders concerned about this ? 5 . According to Dr. Sanjay Gupta : How much of an impact can being lonely have on your health ? How does loneliness register in the brain ? How can the simple act of being social impact one 's immune system ? What can saying "  hello " do for both the receiver and the giver of that greeting ? Discussion Questions : 1 . How might government control over media impact the flow of information to citizens ? How might citizens ' rights be affected when their access to information is limited ? 2 . Who might favor raising the minimum wage ? Why ? Who might be opposed ? Why ? What potential impact might raising the minimum wage have on workers , businesses and consumers ? Where do you stand on the issue of raising the minimum wage ? State your rationale . 3 . Do you think there is a mind/body connection when it comes to one 's health ? Explain . Do you think that other emotions like happiness might have an effect on physical health ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- More than 100 people who attend or work at a southern California high school will be treated with antibiotics after being exposed to tuberculosis , a spokesman for the Riverside County Health Department said Monday . Of the 1,471 students and staff at Indio High School , 126 -- or 8.6 % -- were exposed to tuberculosis , but only one student actually has the illness . The health department said the students exposed had a 10 % chance of getting tuberculosis during their lives if left untreated . Officials have said they do not fear an outbreak . The exposure rate is actually less than the 10-15 % rate the county expected from the population . Tuberculosis is an infection caused by a bacterium called Mycobacterium tuberculosis that mainly affects the lungs . It can also infect other parts of the body including the kidneys , spine and brain . TB spreads through the air when a person with an active TB infection coughs , sneezes , speaks or sings . Germs can stay in the air for hours . It can not be spread through handshakes , sharing food or drink , or kissing . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , approximately one-third of the world 's 6 billion people are infected with TB . Treatment of TB requires antibiotics for at least six to nine months , the Mayo Clinic says on its website . CNN 's Casey Wian and Michael Martinez contributed to this story .	Less than 9 % of the people from Indio High School were exposed , health officials say Only one person , a student , actually has TB Officials say they had feared more would be exposed Tuberculosis can spread through the air , health experts say
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- China 's president has vowed to continue the economic reforms that have transformed the once poverty-riddled nation into an industrial powerhouse . Deng Xiaoping envisioned a modern , prosperous China . Speaking on the 30th anniversary of China 's decision to open itself up to the outside world , President Hu Jintao told a crowd of 6,000 at Beijing 's Great Hall of the People : "  Standing still and regressing will lead only to a dead end . " Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping was the architect of the economic reform movement , which was to set the country on a radical new course when the first policies were approved on December 18 , 1978 . "  Reform and opening up are the fundamental causes of all the achievements and progress we have made , " Hu said , according to state-run media . He said Deng 's vision three decades ago was "  completely correct . " Over the past 30 years , China has maintained an average annual growth rate of 9.8 percent -- triple the world average , China 's Xinhua news agency reported . Watch as China marks 30 years of reform " The Chinese gross domestic product soared from 360 billion yuan  $ 53 billion  in 1978 to 24.95 trillion yuan  $ 3.7 trillion  in 2007 , making China the world 's fourth-largest economy , according to Xinhua . However , Hu warned the Chinese people not to grow complacent , especially in the midst of the global economic crisis . He said China must continue to concentrate on economic development and diversification . "  We must adhere to the correct direction of reform and opening up so as to build a system that is full of vigor , highly efficient , more open and has a favorable environment for scientific development , " he said .	Deng Xiaoping was the architect of the economic reform movement in 1978 Reforms opened country up economically to the outside world In 30 years China has maintained an average annual growth rate of 9.8 percent China is now the world 's fourth-largest economy
CNN  -- World number one Rafael Nadal recorded his 35th win in 37 matches as he beat big-serving American Taylor Dent at the Cincinnati Masters . The Spaniard triumphed 6-2 7-5 in one hour and 24 minutes to set up a third round clash with Frenchman Julien Benneteau , who beat Stanislas Wawrinka , of Switzerland . Nadal cruised through the first set but had to recover from 4-2 down in the second to prevent a decider . Second seed Novak Djokovic booked his place in the next round with a 6-3 7-5 victory over fellow Serbian Viktor Troicki . Djokovic , who has lost in the final at Cincinnati two years running , will now face Argentina 's David Nalbandian after his opponent , American John Isner , retired from their match though injury . After the match , Djokovic told reporters that he was struggling with his serve : "  You need to have a decent serve , which is going to give you some free points , and , especially on a court like this , which is quite a bit faster than the one we played on last week -LSB- in Toronto -RSB- . " " -LSB- My serve -RSB- gets up and down . It 's not what I want , but I 'm slowly getting the old serve I had . I had a good motion and , when I won a grand slam , I was serving really well , around 200km per hour on average , which was great , and with a lot of precision . "  These days I 'm struggling a bit , but it 's a mental thing . It 's going to get to me sooner or later . " Third seed Roger Federer advanced when Uzbek Denis Istomin suffered a right foot injury and retired after only 28 minutes with 16-time Grand Slam champion Federer leading 5-2 . Fourth seed Andy Murray was taken to three sets but eventually triumphed over Frenchman Jeremy Chardy 6-3 6-7 6-2 . Number eight seed Mardy Fish , from America , beat Spain 's Fernando Verdasco in straight sets thanks to two tie-breaks . Elsewhere , Spaniard David Ferrer beat American Sam Querrey 7-5 6-2 while France 's Richard Gasquet got the better of Michael Berrer from Germany 6-4 6-2 .	Rafael Nadal through to third round of Cincinnati Masters The world number one from Spain beat Taylor Dent 6-2 7-5 Novak Djokovic triumphs over fellow Serbian Viktor Troicki 6-3 7-5
Las Vegas  CNN  -- The International Consumer Electronics Show , the giant gadget convention that wrapped up on Friday , has brought some frustrating news for AT&T or Sprint customers who bought a cutting-edge 4G smartphone last year . That phone will soon be outdated . AT&T Mobility and Sprint Nextel unveiled some of the first smartphones that will tap into their new , even faster fourth-generation networks . But wait , Sprint has been talking about its 4G network since launching one in 2008 followed by its premier phone , HTC 's Evo 4G , in 2010 . And AT&T began adding "  4G " to the names of many of its smartphones early last year . Now , two of the largest U.S. cellular carriers are ramping up yet another 4G system . They will have LTE , or Long-term Evolution , to compete with the one Verizon Wireless launched more than a year ago . T-Mobile USA says it has 4G , which is similar to AT&T 's old 4G , but the carrier has not talked about plans for 4G LTE deployment .  Get all that ? Since AT&T and Sprint have already exhausted their usage of 4G in marketing , it 's unclear how they will explain to customers the major investments they 've made to have the latest network technology . "  I do n't think the majority of our customers understand the monikers , " AT&T executive Glenn Lurie said in an interview here at CES . Sprint product chief Fared Adib declined to comment on the company 's marketing plans . Lurie , who serves as AT&T 's liaison to Apple , declined to comment on why Apple refused to adopt the 4G moniker in the iPhone 4S , which uses last year 's HSPA + technology that AT&T also describes as 4G . "  Forget the G 's for a second , " Lurie said . "  What it 's called does n't matter . " Verizon has emphasized the speed enhancements offered by its version of 4G , and makes an effort to refer to the network as 4G LTE , rather than just 4G , to differentiate from competitors , David Small , the technical chief for Verizon Wireless , has told CNN . Verizon is on track to have its 4G network match the coverage of its 3G network by next year , a spokeswoman said Friday . At CES last year , Verizon hosted two large news conferences and operated a huge booth to promote the launch of its 4G network . This year , Verizon has kept a low profile . AT&T announced eight new LTE products at CES , including smartphones and tablets . The world 's first LTE Windows phone , the Lumia 900 , will arrive in March , Nokia wrote in a message to partners on Friday . "  We use this as a way to kick off the year , " Lurie said . "  CES is becoming more wireless-centric than ever before . " AT&T 's loss in its bid to acquire T-Mobile has not affected operations , according to Lurie . The first 4G LTE phones for AT&T hit stores in November , before the breakup with T-Mobile was announced . At many of the large CES exhibits , 4G was pervasive . For example , a station at the entrance to LG 's booth displaying a row of phones was called True LTE Expert . Sprint announced three new devices at CES : a portable wireless hotspot , an LG phone made from recycled materials , and the Galaxy Nexus from Samsung and Google . Sprint 's new 4G LTE network is expected to match its older , slower 4G network by the end of this year , Steve Elfman , the carrier 's network operations president , said in an interview . The company will stop selling devices that support its old 4G around that same time , and it will turn off access to that network in 2015 . "  The ecosystem is going to be larger in LTE , " Elfman said . Not only will it be larger , but this 4G is likely to remain king for some time .	A new data network , called 4G LTE , took hold at CES The technology will exceed old 4G networks Old 4G phones from AT&T and Sprint are not compatible with it
CNN  -- Panama City Beach , Florida , police are looking for a hotel security guard accused of raping an Alabama student and throwing her off a sixth-floor hotel balcony , a police spokesman told CNN . Police released this photo of Shawn Wuertly , who worked as a hotel security guard in Panama City Beach , Florida . The 18-year-old woman from Tuscaloosa , Alabama , remains hospitalized , but her injuries are not life-threatening , Lt. Dave Humphreys said . The incident happened early Monday at the Sandpiper Beacon Beach Resort in Panama City Beach during spring break . Police have issued an arrest warrant for Shawn Wuertly , 29 , who worked as a security guard at the resort , Humphreys said . He is wanted for attempted felony murder , sexual battery and false imprisonment . Wuertly had been questioned by police regarding the attack , but they lacked the evidence to hold him , the spokesman said . The police investigation has found that the suspect had seen the girl "  several times " at the hotel and had "  taken a liking to her at some point , " Humphreys said . Around 1 a.m. on Monday , the suspect grabbed the woman and pulled her into an unoccupied room on the sixth floor , using his key to get in , Humphreys said . She said he sexually assaulted her and , after a brief altercation , threw her over the balcony , the police spokesman said . She hit two smaller roofs on her way down , which likely saved her from more serious injuries , before she came to rest in a second floor stairwell , Humphreys said . After his initial questioning , Wuertly told police he was leaving for Tennessee and would return on Wednesday . Wuertly has an outstanding arrest warrant , something that police did not discover until after he was released . "  Obviously no one checked his warrants because he has an outstanding warrant in Indiana , " Humphrey said , noting that police are "  not happy and will address that . " CNN 's calls to the hotel 's manager regarding Wuertly 's outstanding warrant were not returned . E-mail to a friend	Police in Panama City Beach , Florida , looking for hotel security guard Shawn Wuertly He 's suspected of raping teen staying at hotel , tossing her from 6th-floor balcony Victim remains hospitalized ; injuries not life-threatening , police say Wuertly was questioned by police earlier , released for lack of evidence
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Having won 24 trophies in 23 seasons , Alex Ferguson has established himself as the most successful manager in British football history . Sir Alex Ferguson : English football 's most successful manager with 24 titles But the 67-year-old Manchester United manager , who has brought 10 league titles to the Red Devils in his time there , established his name in football long before he moved to the Old Trafford club in 1986 . Born Alexander Chapman Ferguson in Glasgow on New Year 's Eve 1941 , Ferguson started his playing career as an amateur at Scottish side Queen 's Park when he was just 16 , while working as an apprentice tool-worker at the local shipyards . His first move as a player was to St Johnstone , where he secured his big break . Ferguson scored a hat-trick in an unlikely win against top side Rangers and in the summer of 1964 Dunfermline Athletic offered him his first professional contract . Ferguson went on to score 66 goals for Dunfermline before a move to Rangers . In 1969 he was blamed for a goal through which Rangers lost the Scottish Cup Final . He eventually left and ended his playing career with stints at Falkirk and Ayr United . At just 32 , Ferguson secured his first coaching contract with East Stirlingshire . He managed to bring an improvement in the team 's results and soon moved to St. Mirren -- where he would enjoy his first major success . Ferguson brought the struggling second division team into the top flight , where they claimed the first division title in 1977 . Aberdeen was the next challenge for Ferguson -- and it was here that he established himself as a world-class manager . See top moments from Ferguson 's management career " In 1980 he claimed the Scottish league crown with Aberdeen -- the first time in 15 years it had not been won by Rangers or Celtic . Success continued , and in the 1982-83 season he remarkably took Aberdeen to European Cup Winners ' Cup glory , beating Spanish giants Real Madrid 2-1 in the final . Ferguson joined Manchester United in 1986 where , in his 23 years at the club , he has won the Premier League 10 times , the FA Cup five times , the European Champions League twice and the FIFA Club World Cup once . Despite some low points -- particularly in late 1989 , when many believed he might be sacked after a terrible start to the season -- Ferguson has managed a team which has enjoyed consistent success through a period of rapid change in football . He has also nurtured players like David Beckham and Cristiano Ronaldo , bringing them to the top of their game . His success has not gone unnoticed off the field either . He has won the World Soccer Magazine World Manager of the Year accolade on four occasions and was knighted by Queen Elizabeth in 1999 , following his induction as both an Officer and Commander of the Order of the British Empire . On a personal note , he has been married to wife Cathy since 1966 and they have three sons . Darren is the current manager of English third-tier club Peterborough . At 67 , it is not certain how much longer Alex Ferguson has left in the game and has hinted in recent years that he might step down . But , as he steers his team towards potentially another Premier League title this season , there is no doubting how he will be remembered : one of the greatest football managers ever .	Alex Ferguson is the most successful manager in English football Born in 1941 , Ferguson has played and managed football at top levels Players he has nurtured include David Beckham and Cristiano Ronaldo He has hinted in recent years he may step down soon -- but keeps winning titles
Visitors to the Houses of Parliament on Friday may have seen more than they bargained for . Protesters against new rules limiting online pornography gathered to simulate some of the now-banned sex acts , including "  face-sitting . " The campaigners aimed to highlight what they say are arbitrary and sexist changes to the law that do n't distinguish between consensual and nonconsensual acts between adults . But to spare onlookers ' blushes  and a potential brush with the law  , those taking part in what was dubbed the #PornProtest on Twitter remained fully clothed . The new regulations , which came into force on December 1 , ban various acts being depicted in online pornography produced in the United Kingdom , including face-sitting , female ejaculation and spanking , in part to protect children from being exposed to potentially harmful content . However , they do not make it illegal for people to watch videos produced outside Britain or to perform the acts themselves . One of the protest organizers is Charlotte Rose , winner of the UK sex worker of the year title in 2013 and a free-speech advocate . She told CNN that the bill could be perceived as being sexist because the banning of certain acts appears to target women 's sexual enjoyment . "  This is about censorship , and what the government is doing is they 're censoring our consent -- so yes , it does affect women , but it also affects every man and every woman , " she said . "  It affects anybody who enjoys these particular activities . " Consenting adults Rose says she believes the law will be ineffective and will impinge on people 's personal liberty and right to freedom of expression . "  The whole point of the law was to protect people against violent acts of sex , but who can state what is violence when you 've got consenting adults ? " she said . The law wo n't stop people from performing the banned acts , she said . "  All it 's doing is adding more frustration and concern to the public that we are coming away from democracy " and moving toward more government control . Her Facebook event page for the protest reminds people to bring a mat to lie on and to learn the words to Monty Python 's "  Sit on My Face " song . ` Canary in the coalmine of free speech ' Myles Jackman , a lawyer specializing in sexual liberties and obscenity law , has also opposed the new regulations . "  Pornography is the canary in the coalmine of free speech : it is the first freedom to die . If this assault on liberty is allowed to go unchallenged , other freedoms will fall as a consequence , " he wrote on his blog . What he describes as a "  declaration of state censorship " will affect millions of consenting adults who choose to view British pornography , he said . It will also impose an unnecessary barrier to trade , hitting independent content producers within the United Kingdom and costing the Treasury tax revenue , he said . Besides these issues , Jackman said , the law "  is practically unworkable as it can be circumvented by proxy servers ; and has implications for all forms of freedom of expression on the internet . " Speaking to CNN at the protest in central London , he said ideas on social values and sexual morality among the general public were about 15 years ahead of those held by those making the laws . "  Free speech is fought on the fringes , and it 's the mainstream which is at risk of falling if the fringes are n't protected , so this is a very strong free speech issue , " he said . Rose also warned that the new regulations would affect smaller , independent UK pornography producers rather than the big websites . One lawmaker , Julian Huppert of the Liberal Democrats , put forward a motion in Parliament last week calling for the new measures , set out in the Audiovisual Media Services Regulations 2014 , to be annulled . The protesters hope that by causing a stir outside Parliament , others may back their case for it to be dropped .	Critics say changes to the regulations governing online porn are arbitrary and sexist Protesters simulate some of the now-banned sex acts outside Parliament The banned acts can no longer be shown in online content produced in the UK "  It affects anybody who enjoys these particular activities , " a protest organizer says of law
CNN  -- It 's been five days since Hurricane Ike smashed into the Texas coast , but people are still struggling mightily with its effects . Flags of the United States and Texas fly where homes stood in Gilchrist , Texas , before Ike 's wrath came ashore . From the destroyed coastline , to far inland where evacuees are seeking shelter , to communities in the Midwest where the storm dumped flooding rains , CNN 's affiliates are reporting on the rebuilding of lives . Galveston , Texas Wrecked homes and possessions strewn around the ubiquitous sludge were the sights awaiting residents of Galveston , some of whom were allowed to check their property on Wednesday , KHOU reported . Paula Munoz said although the damage to the family 's El Rey restaurant was worse than she could have imagined , they still planned to rebuild . "  We spent 10 years paying off this place , " she told KHOU . "  We 'll rebuild , and we 'll do it here . Where else would we go ? This is our life . " But there was some relief for Maria Patina , who was worried she had lost everything . When she saw her house was standing , she rushed inside , grabbed a statue of Jesus and said : "  Thank you , God . " Read KHOU 's report on going back to Galveston Crystal Beach , Texas Frank and Dee Ann Sherman huddled in the attic of their beachfront home in Crystal Beach as Hurricane Ike ripped the house apart -- washing walls out to sea and lifting up what remained only to smash it down , KHOU said . Watch the Shermans tell their amazing survival story " Somehow the roof stayed on and they survived , but they are not being allowed back into the ruins , not even to retrieve the ashes of their dead daughter . The couple said they were frustrated with complaints by people better off than them . "  We see all of these people that are crying and moaning because they got some mud on their floor or their lights are out in Houston , " Frank Sherman told KHOU . "  We do n't see anything about our friends that died in Crystal Beach and about the fact that our world is totally devastated . I 'm 60 years old and I have to start my life all over again . " Read how the Shermans contacted KHOU when they found they could n't escape Brazoria County , Texas Patty Smith fled Brazoria County and evacuated to Austin before the storm . She still does not know whether she has a home to return to , KVUE said . "  It 's like a nightmare . You look at your house when you pack up to leave and you 're like ` Am I going to see this again ' ? " she said . Right now she 's now relying on donations and just making it through each day . "  We do n't even know if we 're going to have the money to pay our bills . It 's that bad . My husband has n't been able to work since we left , " she said . Read KVUE 's report on how Austin residents and workers are trying to help Austin , Texas Parents still staying at the Austin Convention Center are trying to stay strong for their kids , News 8 reported , but they say it is getting harder . Watch Homeland Security boss discuss plans to help evacuees " William Jones said the hardest part was trying to talk to his two daughters about their home . "  I just tell them the truth and keep it simple , " he said . "  I do n't try to sugarcoat it , so they know this is a real serious situation , but it 's just hard on everybody right now , " he told the station . Read what young victims are telling News 8 San Antonio , Texas Kevin Green 's mind was on laundry as he spent another day in a shelter in San Antonio , Texas , after getting out of Houston to avoid Ike . "  I 've been washing these clothes out and putting them on every day , " he told KSAT . The Salvation Army said there would be enough clothes to hand out to evacuees , but there were concerns about making sure distribution was fair , KSAT said . Read KSAT report on how a planned clothing donation was stopped Cincinnati , Ohio Tempers are running hot in Cincinnati even as hundreds of energy workers try to get the power back on , WLWT reported . Resident Betty Ruark told the station she was "  really teed off " that houses either side of her had power , but she still needed a generator just to make coffee . "  They 're right here a week after you pay your bill to read your cotton-picking meter for next month , " she said . "  They 're threatening to cut you off if you do n't pay it , but could they care less that they do n't got the electric on . It do n't make sense , you know ? " Duke Energy told WLWT that some repairs were helping only a small number of homes but that it hoped to have service back to normal by Sunday . Read WLWT 's report on how people are getting upset Carlisle , Ohio Police in Carlisle are enforcing a night-time curfew to prevent looting and other crime while the power is out , officials told WLWT . The action was taken because of problems elsewhere in the area hit by the storm , the station said . Residents told WLWT they did n't like the strict rules but were for the measure if it kept crime down . Read WLWT report on the action on Carlisle Albuquerque , New Mexico A family who fled Galveston has given up on ever going home , instead deciding to make Albuquerque their new base , KOAT reported . Linda Sanchez and her two children thought they 'd be able to ride out the storm and immediate aftermath in Houston but when Ike took out the power and the water they decided to head to more family in New Mexico . "  It 's better when you know someone around you , " Sanchez told KOAT . Read how KOAT is trying to help the Sanchez family	The effects of Hurricane Ike are still being felt across the United States CNN affiliates report on how communities are struggling to recover From Texas to Ohio , people are still battling homelessness and power outages
CNN  -- A magnitude 5.6 earthquake hit Chile 's central coast on Tuesday , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The quake 's epicenter was in the Coquimbo region , 100 miles north of the city of Valparaiso . It struck just after 8:20 p.m.  6:20 p.m. ET  at a depth of 14.6 miles . No tsunami warning had been issued , and there were no immediate reports of damage or injuries . Earthquakes do not frequently hit the area , and some communications problems were reported after the quake , Juan Carlos Ossandon of Radio Balneario de Los Vilos told CNN Chile .	NEW : Some communications problems are reported after the quake , CNN Chile says The quake strikes 100 miles north of Valparaiso There are no immediate reports of damage or injuries
Editor 's note : Robert Menendez is the junior senator from New Jersey and the author of a new book , "  Growing American Roots : Why Our Nation Will Thrive As Our Largest Minority Flourishes . " Sen. Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey , says that in the U.S. , Latinos are no longer on the outside looking in . Across America , the Latino population is growing , and it is now the largest minority group in the country . Latino voices are being heard , and their economic impact is being felt in the marketplace , which is good for the whole of the nation . Contrary to what may be a popular belief , most Latinos in America today are U.S. citizens . Many barely live above the poverty line , but many others have entered the ranks of the middle class and are contributing mightily to the culture as well as the economy . Latinos are no longer on the outside looking in . They are at the table , making a difference . On every major issue before Congress and every major issue before the courts , Latinos , in larger and larger numbers , are engaged in the debate . Our nation will thrive as our largest minority flourishes . It 's important to remember that , particularly in tough times such as these . Latinos have many role models , and now we have one more : Justice Sonia Sotomayor on the United States Supreme Court . Sotomayor and I grew up at the same time in similar circumstances . She was raised in public housing in the Bronx . I was raised poor , in a tenement building in Union City , New Jersey , the son of Cuban immigrants . My mother was a seamstress ; my father an itinerant carpenter . I was the first in my family to go to college . I never dreamed that one day , I would be elected as one of 100 United States senators in a country of 300 million people , and be able to cast my vote in favor of the confirmation of an eminently qualified Hispanic judge who lived across the river from that old tenement in Union City . It was a proud moment for me , one I will always remember as a highlight of my time in the Senate . One day , a new generation of young Latinos will follow in the footsteps of Sotomayor and other pioneering public servants . They will build on the successes of our community , contribute to strengthening our economy and leave their mark on the community and on our nation . Being at the heart of the debate , part of the greater American community , is nothing new for Latinos in this nation . In my new book , I write that it is incumbent on us , as Latinos , to remind ourselves and the rest of America about our long presence here and the contribution we have made -- and about how the success of the Latino community is important for the success of the entire country . Latino patriots have served and fought in every war . They are artists , dancers , singers , poets and journalists , teachers and scientists . More and more Latinos are becoming entrepreneurs and businesspeople , contributing to the wealth and economic well-being of the nation . But they have also been characteristically humble , and have not spoken enough about their accomplishments and the contributions they have already made to the fabric of this nation . From the earliest days of the republic -- indeed well before the Revolution -- Latinos have been an integral part of the establishment of this country . All Americans should have access to that history . In politics alone , Latinos have played a larger role than most realize . Technically , the first Latino in Congress was Jose Marion Hernandez , who served briefly from 1822 to 1823 as a delegate from Florida before it became a state in 1845 . Romualdo Pacheco of California won by one vote in 1876 to become the first Hispanic member of the United States Congress . The first Hispanic senator was Octaviano Larrazolo of New Mexico , who served for a short time in 1928 before resigning because of ill health . There have been three Latino Nobel Prize winners from the United States and 11 Latino astronauts , and the list goes on . We need to enhance the teaching of the story of Hispanic life in America which will , in the end , shed more light than heat on the immigration debate taking place across this nation . Latinos themselves need to fully understand and appreciate their accomplishments , but also to understand , as a community , where we have fallen short . Millions of Latinos are graduating into the middle class . More Latino children are going to colleges and universities than ever before . Latinos are increasingly serving in public office and in key areas of the economy . But , at the same time , despite this progress in education , too many Latino children are dropping out of school . Too many families are struggling to make ends meet . And too many Latinos suffer from a lack of adequate health care . These are the realities , some we can justifiably be proud of . Others we must honestly confront and address if we are to succeed together as a nation , achieve our full potential and bring the next generation along . Growing roots in America means recognizing our past , acting now and preparing the road for those new generations who will follow . It means engaging in sweeping efforts to improve education for Latinos and all American children , including specific programs to bring along those who have fallen behind in school through no fault of their own . It means comprehensive health care , elder care and economic opportunity -- the same rights that all Americans want and deserve . We must engage and encourage young Hispanics to enter public service , to be part of the debate , to be at the table and be part of the solution . We must instill in them a sense of history and a belief that it is our duty and obligation to give something back to the community to build a better , stronger nation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Menendez .	Robert Menendez : Latinos are now are at the political table , making a difference More young Latinos will follow in the footsteps of pioneering public servants , he says He says Latinos must remind America about long Latino presence , contributions Latinos must appreciate accomplishments but also understand shortfalls , he says
By now we 're all familiar with the term Bitcoin , the notorious digital currency with dozens of copycats . But most of us would find it difficult to imagine actually using this crypto-currency or even picturing what it looks like . In fact , only a handful of venues in bustling London actually accept Bitcoin as a means of payment . That could be changing though , as the UK 's first Bitcoin ATM machine arrived earlier this year at The Old Shoreditch Station café and bar in modish East London . CNN set out to find out more about the machine which allows customers to buy coffees and cakes in the café . Jaguarshoes Collective founder and café owner Nick Letchford was already using Bitcoin as a form of currency when he decided to install the machine after meeting a fellow enthusiast who pitched the idea to him . "  I am quite a sci-fi enthusiast and well , immediately I was captivated by the idea of it . I saw it as very much the way forward , " Letchford told CNN 's Nina Dos Santos , at the café in London . "  I mean , a virtual currency or a digital currency is definitely the way the future of finance is headed , " he said . The owner of the machine , Joel Raziel , said he had the idea to install a machine in Letchford 's café after seeing one at a convention several months ago . "  I was so amazed by the machine . I thought someone might bring one to the UK , " said Raziel . "  The reason I really like Bitcoin is our financial system is very limited . We can send music , we can send messages , we can send any type of information , the only thing we ca n't send is money without having to go through banks , " Raziel told Dos Santos . If it sounds too much like a movement of the anti-establishment , Raziel is quite sure it 's grown into something much greater than that . "  It 's about freedom , it 's not about trying to go against something , it 's just about trying to make the world a financial place we 'd like to operate in , " he explained . So how does it work ? "  We can put a 5 pound note into the Bitcoin ATM and it will give you a value of Bitcoin that exchanges to that value of 5 pounds , " explained Letchford . Letchford said he trades in thousandths of a Bitcoin , meaning it is perfectly acceptable to pay for coffees by paying 0.001 of a Bitcoin . Each milli-Bitcoin is a thousandth of a Bitcoin . "  It 's a very simple process , " said Raziel , who explained that after pressing the start button , the consumer then scans a QR code on their phone which is linked to their Bitcoin wallet online . The final step is to simply insert money into the note acceptor . While only about 1-2 per cent of Letchford 's customers currently buy with Bitcoin , he still sees this as the way forward . Raziel could n't agree more . "  We now have online banking , we now have chip and pin , we pay with wire transfers over the internet . In fact , very few people are using cash these days , " says Raziel . "  Bitcoin is just a smarter step into empowering ourselves to control this digital money , " he said .	A cafe in London has installed the country 's first Bitcoin ATM machine The machine takes money and dispenses Bitcoin which is then used to buy cakes and coffees Owner says the machine is one step further in controlling our own money
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's mother fired the lawyers helping her fight for control of her son 's estate , but her new lawyer missed a key hearing where the judge gave more power to the men she is opposing . Katherine Jackson , with Michael in 2005 , is challenging the appointment of Michael 's estate trustees . Katherine Jackson replaced lawyers Burt Levitch and Londell McMillan with Adam Streisand , a lawyer known for his expertise in Los Angeles probate cases . "  The family came to a decision before they called me , " Streisand said . "  They felt they needed a different perspective and fresh look at how this case was being approached . " But Streisand arrived at court Thursday minutes after Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff ended a hearing in which he granted a request from estate special administrators John Branca and John McClain for more authority to make deals on behalf of Jackson 's estate . "  I want this estate to move forward and I want these creditors to be dealt with , " Beckloff said . "  And while we are proceeding in this posture , I want Mrs. Jackson to have information about what is going on and I do n't want to be in court all the time . " The process of probate of Jackson 's will , which named Branca and McClain as executors , has been slowed since soon after the pop star 's June 25 death by numerous legal challenges filed by Katherine Jackson 's lawyers , led by Levitch . Howard Weitzman , lead lawyer for the estate 's administrators , expressed optimism that the two sides would be able to work better toward a settlement with Streisand in charge . The estate 's administrators were able to make a series of deals expected to bring in at least $ 100 million to the estate this year , mostly through a documentary movie that premieres next week . Katherine Jackson 's legal team has asked that a member of the Jackson family "  have a seat at the table " as a third executor . They 've also raised questions in sealed court papers about possible conflicts of interest that might prevent Branca and McClain from controlling the estate . Streisand said the Jackson family was frustrated with the inability "  to get this case going . " He indicated Katherine Jackson still planned to challenge Branca and McClain 's control of her son 's wealth . Under the 2002 will , Michael Jackson 's three children and his mother are the chief beneficiaries of his estate , while unnamed charities will share in 20 percent of the wealth . Streisand said when he met with Katherine Jackson and the children to discuss the case , they were united . He said Jackson patriarch Joe Jackson was not present at the meeting and he 's never talked with him . Joe Jackson appeared frustrated earlier this month when he attended his first hearing in the probate process , suggesting the lawyers should be more aggressive in court . Streisand said the three Jackson children are doing "  absolutely wonderful . "	Katherine Jackson hires probate lawyer Adam Streisand Jackson has been fighting for more control over her son 's estate Michael Jackson made John Branca and John McClain his executors Streisand misses hearing in which executors are given more control
CNN  -- For the Dawsons of Tauranga , New Zealand , the canoe slalom event at the London Olympics will be a family affair . Mike Dawson , who is competing in the men 's kayak class , will not just be trying to impress his father , who coaches him , or his brother and sister , who will be watching from the crowd . He will also need to ensure he does n't incur the disapproval of his mother , Kay , who is one of the judges at the event . The idea of a mother officiating in a competition in which her son is participating may strike some as a little unfair , but the Dawsons and the New Zealand Canoe Federation are eager to stress there 's no scope for special treatment in this case . "  The only real advantage mum can give me is her presence at what will be my biggest race ever , " said Mike Dawson , who is competing in the Olympics for the first time after finishing 16th in the canoe slalom world championships in Slovakia last year . The event involves the kayakers flinging themselves down a steep course of white-water rapids , weaving through a series of gates like slalom skiers in a race against the clock . If the competitors touch or miss a gate , they suffer a time penalty . Each gate has a judge watching out for errors , and a chief official oversees the entire course . As one of the gate judges , Kay Dawson has an important role , but her decisions will be scrutinized by other officials -- each gate judge also monitors the two gates on either side . Competitors ' runs are reviewed on video , and the chief official has the final say . "  I ca n't envisage any way a single gate judge could influence the outcome for any athlete , " said Maree Burnett , the secretary general of the New Zealand Canoe Federation . "  Kay is a very experienced international judge . " The International Canoe Federation , which selected her as the only judge from New Zealand for the Olympic event , agrees . In the past few years , Kay Dawson has officiated at canoe slalom world championships and world cups in which her 25-year-old son has raced . The ICF has "  a strong officiating process in place to ensure accuracy and fairness at all its competitions , whether it is at world cups , world championships or at the Olympic Games , " said Lerina Bright , a spokeswoman for the federation . She noted that some judges at the event have the same nationality as some competitors . "  That could equally be thought to create a conflict of interest , " she said . "  However , the judging process is thorough and stringent and does not provide any possibility for a single individual to affect the outcome of a competitor 's run . " Despite the multitude of officials at the canoe slalom event , the role of individual judges is still significant , Kay Dawson has said . "  When officiating the athlete and 100 % accuracy is always the focus , one poor call can mean the difference between a top-10 finish and chance of a medal or being out of the competition , " she wrote in an article on the New Zealand federation 's website in February . Relationships with family and friends do n't enter the equation , though , she says . "  I 've been officiating for a number of years now and know a lot of the athletes , so it is easy to put aside any personal emotions when I 'm on the course , " Kay Dawson said in comments relayed by the ICF on Wednesday . "  Several of the top men 's slalom paddlers have stayed with us in New Zealand while they 've been training with Mike and I owe it to all of them to do the most professional job possible , " she added . Mike Dawson , who was born and raised in the Bay of Plenty region of New Zealand , says the best way for him to stamp out any perceptions of favoritism is to not make any mistakes . "  If I 'm paddling well , the gate judges wo n't come into play at all , " he said . He is not the only New Zealander competing in the canoe slalom : Luuka Jones , also from Tauranga , became the first New Zealand woman to compete in the kayak competition in the Olympics after qualifying for the 2008 Beijing Games . London will be her second Olympics , at the age of just 23 . For Mike Dawson , the Games are full of new experiences . "  We 've been in the Olympic Village for a few days and it 's pretty cool , " Mike Dawson said . "  I can see how people get intimidated , but really it 's just like a hotel with an epic food court . "	Mike Dawson is competing in the men 's kayak event at the Olympics His mother , Kay , is one of the judges at the event The Dawsons and the New Zealand Canoe Federation say she ca n't influence the result She is one of many gate judges over the canoe slalom course
Belo Horizonte , Brazil  CNN  -- At 11 pm , the tired and the injured gathered in Belo Horizonte for one last expression of discontent . More than a thousand sat in Praca Sete de Setembro , a square in the center of the city , chanting against the government and the police . But they were n't the crowd 's only enemy . A sign hung from a nearby balcony . It read : "  Anti Copa . " On the pavement the words "  A FIFA Ã © Foda " had been painted : "  F *** You , FIFA , " in Portuguese . The roads had been blocked off by the military police , who watched the protesters from afar . A bank of police horses chewed on piles of hay left for them on the road . Daniel Sanabria , a technician in his 20s , stood nearby cradling his arm , an ice pack on top of a bloody bandage . He peeled it off to reveal an ugly red welt on his left hand . "  A bullet , " he explained . The day was supposed to have been something of a coronation for Belo Horizonte , a relatively quiet and small city -- if a population of 2.5 million people could ever be called small -- surrounded by mountains , an hour 's flight north of Rio de Janeiro . Its famous Mineirao football stadium had just hosted its first match of the 2013 Confederations Cup , a 6-1 victory for African champions Nigeria against the tiny Pacific islanders of Tahiti . It was a dry run for next year 's World Cup finals which return to Brazil for the first time since 1950 , a chance to prove that the country was ready to host the most world 's most popular sports tournament . Instead , military and civilian helicopters flew overhead , roads were blocked and military police stationed throughout the city as a series of protests sparked by anger about the cost of living , poor quality education and high transport costs took place at the same time as the match . The initial spark for the protests was a rise in bus fares in Sao Paulo . The anger was such that , even in a country often caricatured for its deification of soccer , the World Cup , its surrogate cousin the Confederations Cup and the game 's global governing body FIFA , have all become symbolic of corruption and waste . Protesters believe the tournament has seen the rich line their pockets , while the poor make do with crumbling public services . The World Cup , it seems , has sparked something that has lain dormant for a long time . "  Tonight this is about all of Brazil , we are moving against corruption . We have been suffering for too many years , " said Tainara Freitas , a teacher who had remained with the protest until the end . "  And this year we rise . We have woken up . We are on the streets like in Turkey and Greece . They have made us wake up about this . The World Cup in Brazil is about too much money . There are too many poor people suffering . The World Cup is n't good for Brazil . It will bring tourists and money but this is not good for poor people . " Earlier in the day 15,000 protesters had marched towards the Mineirao as hundreds of thousands of Brazilians took to the streets across the country in the first coordinated mass protests of this size since the end of Brazil 's military dictatorship in the mid 1980s . Police responded with tear gas , firing rubber bullets into the crowd , and beat protesters who burned barricades in return . I watched Tahiti 's brave performance on the pitch as the protesters gathered outside , speaking to Brazilian sports writer Igor Resende at half time about the match and the reasons for the anger . A few hours later he was in hospital after apparently being shot in the back with a rubber bullet . "  The police came with a brutal force , " recalled Resende . "  I did n't see the protesters do anything . The police threw a bomb and it exploded in the middle of the protest . Then police began to shoot . " Resende said he was hit in the back by a rubber bullet as he ran away . "  In that moment I just ran . I thought that if I looked back the police would probably shoot me again . I do n't think the police are well prepared . They are badly paid . They have a bad life . They act like this because they are scared . " But Resende said he has doubt that the police response was related to the Confederations Cup . "  I spoke to one of the highest ranked police guys in state yesterday . He told me 3,500 policeman were on the streets because of the game . They are acting to avoid conflict near the stadiums . The police and FIFA do n't want the protesters near the stadiums . " For FIFA , who have been critical of Brazil 's preparations for the World Cup , the protests are an unwelcome complication for a tournament already long behind schedule . "  People are using the platform of football and the international media presence to make certain demonstrations , " said FIFA president Sepp Blatter who , alongside the Brazilian president Dilma Rousseff , was booed by the crowd at the opening ceremony on Saturday . Speaking in an interview in Rio on Monday , he said : "  You will see today is the third day of the competition this will calm down . It will be a wonderful competition . " But the protests have not calmed down . The day after Blatter 's interview , the biggest demonstrations yet took place . Sanabria and Freitas agreed that the Confederations Cup , which continues for another 12 days , is an opportunity to make their voices heard . I asked them both what messaged they wanted to send FIFA and the football world . "  Please , please , make more pressure on our government , on the Brazilian government to look out for us , " said Freitas before she made her way back into the protest , Sanabria still clutching his injured hand . "  They are looking out for people outside the country , they are n't looking for us , for the poor people . " The protestors now have the world 's attention .	Protesters and police have battled each other in some Brazilian cities The protests , sparked by a rise in bus fares , point to deeper discontent Some protesters say they are unhappy at the cost of next year 's World Cup FIFA president Sepp Blatter booed by crowd at opening ceremony for Confederations Cup
CNN  -- The pepper-spraying of student protesters at the University of California-Davis was an "  objectively unreasonable " use of force by campus police , a state review of the incident concluded Wednesday . Scenes of UC-Davis police Lt. John Pike spraying seated demonstrators with the irritant at near point-blank range went viral on the Internet and triggered widespread criticism of school authorities . A 190-page report by a University of California task force concluded that the incident "  should and could have been prevented . " The report spreads blame for the events that led to the confrontation across several members of the UC-Davis leadership but said Pike was primarily responsible for the "  objectively unreasonable decision " to pepper-spray the demonstrators . "  On balance , the evidence does not provide an objective , factual basis for Lt. Pike 's purported belief that he was trapped , that any of his officers were trapped , or that the safety of their arrestees was at issue , " the report states . "  Further , there is little evidence that any protesters attempted to use violence against the police . " But while criticizing Pike , the report also cites "  systemic and repeated failures " among campus administrators it said "  put officers in the unfortunate situation in which they found themselves . " UC-Davis Campus Police Chief Annette Spicuzza has been on administrative leave since November , along with Pike and another officer who has not been identified . Neither Pike nor Spicuzza agreed to be interviewed for the investigation , largely conducted by an outside risk-management firm , the report notes -- but Pike provided "  a lengthy statement " to the firm . University administrators were worried that nonstudents from the Occupy movement in the city of Davis and other California cities would take part in the on-campus encampment that student demonstrators had set up . But they failed to determine whether that was true or whether "  other reasonable alternatives " should have been used to ensure security before sending in police to break up the encampment , the report found . The scope of the police operation was "  ineffectively communicated , " the report found . UC-Davis Chancellor Linda Katehi apparently believed that no force would be used , while the police operations plan called the use of force "  highly likely in this type of situation based on past events . " The report found the campus police command structure "  very dysfunctional , " with Spicuzza 's lieutenants refusing to follow orders and getting into "  heated exchanges " with the chief during the protests . Pike became an object of scorn after the protest . Pranksters across the Internet inserted the image of the helmeted officer into famous paintings , photos and movie scenes , while the hacker 's collective Anonymous published his home and cell phone numbers online . Attempts to contact him for comment were unsuccessful Wednesday evening . The report accuses him not only of using unreasonable force , but of misusing his now-iconic weapon . The type of pepper-spray canister he carried was "  not an authorized weapon " under campus police guidelines , and the officers "  were not trained in how to use it correctly , " the report found . "  And Lt. Pike did not use it correctly , " the report notes . The model he carried "  is a higher pressure type of pepper spray than what officers normally carry on their utility belts , " and is designed to be used at distances of six feet or more .	NEW : The report criticizes "  systemic and repeated failures " by UC-Davis leaders It calls police use of pepper spray on demonstrators "  objectively unreasonable " The November incident drew widespread criticism of UC-Davis authorities There was "  little evidence " that police faced violence from protesters , the report states
Islamabad  CNN  -- A head-bopping , hip-shaking flurry of drum beats . The soulful screams of a saxophone . The gut-thumping strums of a double bass . And the silky smooth lyrics of Summertime -- the lullaby classic made famous by Ella Fitzgerald -- all under a starlit night . The scene could be straight from an outdoor Jazz festival in New York City . But this is Pakistan -- a country plagued by its reputation for Islamist militancy , corruption and poverty -- and the jazz is courtesy of three New Yorkers and a Texan who make up the Ari Roland Jazz Quartet . The four performed at a 500-seat amphitheater on the outskirts of the capital , Islamabad , in a country American musicians almost never visit because of security concerns and widespread anti-Americanism . The U.S. State Department helped organize the band 's visit as part of a cultural exchange program designed to win Pakistani hearts and minds . "  We do n't feel like we 're in danger , " said the band 's creator and bassist Ari Roland . "  We 're thrilled to be here . We feel welcome , so at home . " The band 's visit comes at a time when relations between the U.S. and Pakistani governments are strained . Joint Chiefs Chairman repeats Pakistan claim The partnership hit a new low when U.S. officials accused Pakistan 's top spy agency , the Directorate for Inter-Services Intelligence or ISI , of harboring extremists and helping insurgents in Afghanistan . Islamabad hit back with it 's own tough talk , accusing Washington of using Pakistan as a scapegoat for its failed policy in the region and warning the U.S. might lose Pakistan as an ally if it continues with the public accusations . The Ari Roland Quartet is under no illusion that it can solve the U.S.-Pakistani rift but jazz can help , they said . "  Music has a history of bringing people together from across the world , " said Roland . But the band acknowledged the hearts and minds America needs to win were probably not among their audience . The concert was invite only , not open to the public . The guests were mostly foreign diplomats , Pakistani politicians and their families -- many educated in the west , people who probably already like America . Even so , the quartet said this was a start . They drew loud cheers when they performed their jazzed up rendition of Dil Dil Pakistan , the country 's most patriotic song . More applause came when they joined Pakistani rock band Fuzon for a song called Friendship is Life . Within seconds American and Pakistani musicians were in soulful synchrony . If only U.S.-Pakistani relations were that easy .	Three New Yorkers and a Texan make up the Ari Roland Jazz Quartet They are part of a cultural exchange program designed to win Pakistani hearts and minds Relations between the U.S. and Pakistani governments are particularly strained U.S. officials accuse Pakistan 's top spy agency of harboring extremists
Mashable  -- Ever think that Google 's homepage was just a little too sparse ? If all of that white space bothers you , your prayers have been answered : Now you can customize your background on Google.com . You can now choose any photo or image from your hard drive or your Picasa Web Albums to enhance your search experience . A new link on the bottom left-hand corner of Google.com will soon appear for all users that will give them the ability to change their search background . The rollout begins with the U.S. over the next few days , with international users to follow . The announcement , written by Google VP of Search Products Marissa Mayer , does n't go into much detail as to why Google decided to add this feature . Personalization is n't something new -- iGoogle , Gmail and other Google products offer this type of feature already . However , the search giant has been working diligently to reduce clutter on the homepage . The new feature immediately reminds us of Bing , Microsoft 's upstart search engine . Every day it has a different photo on its homepage , and it has proven to be a popular feature . Will you be customizing your Google homepage ? Is this a smart move by the company ? Let us know in the comments . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	A link will soon appear on Google.com allowing users to change their search background You can choose any photo or image from your hard drive or your Picasa Web Albums The new feature immediately reminds us of Bing , Microsoft 's upstart search engine
CNN  -- A Marine convicted for his role in the death of an Iraqi civilian was sentenced Friday to a reduction in rank and will be discharged . Cpl. Trent D. Thomas was found guilty Wednesday of kidnapping and conspiracy to commit several offenses -- including murder , larceny , housebreaking , kidnapping , and making false official statements -- for his involvement in the April 2006 death in Hamdaniya , Iraq . Thomas will be demoted to the rank of entry-level private and will receive a bad-conduct discharge . The 25-year-old was among seven Marines and a Navy medic who were charged in connection with the death of Hashim Ibrahim Awad , 52 . The Marines accused in the case were members of Kilo Company , 3rd Battalion , 5th Marine Regiment . They reported at the time that Awad planned to detonate a roadside bomb targeting their patrol . But several residents of Hamdaniya , including relatives of the victim , gave a different account , prompting a criminal investigation . Prosecutors accuse the group 's squad leader , Sgt. Lawrence G. Hutchins III , of dragging Awad from his home , shooting him in the street and then making it look like he had planned to ambush American troops . Hutchins has pleaded not guilty to murder , conspiracy and other charges in the case . He faces a sentence of life in prison if convicted . Thomas changed his plea from guilty to not guilty in February , arguing that he had merely followed orders . He told his attorneys that after reviewing the evidence against him , he realized "  that what happened overseas happened as a result of obedience to orders , and he has n't done anything wrong , " defense attorney Victor Kelley said . Thomas said in January , shortly after entering his guilty plea , that he was "  truly sorry " for his role in the killing . He could have been sentenced to life in prison under his original plea . E-mail to a friend	Cpl. Trent D. Thomas found guilty this week of conspiracy to commit murder Marine gets rank of private , will be discharged for role in death of Iraqi civilian Group 's leader awaits trial on murder and conspiracy charges
CNN  -- When my son was in middle school , I remember attending one of his school band concerts that was n't very good . In fact , it sucked . At times , it sounded as if half the band was playing one song and the other half was playing something totally different . And because I do n't want my son to grow up to be a loser , I told him straight out what I thought . "  How was it ? " he asked . "  It was pretty bad , " I said . "  I know , right ? " my son agreed , smiling . "  We 're not good at all . " And then we both laughed until we had tears in our eyes . I do n't claim to know everything about parenting , but I do know parents do their children a disservice by constantly sugarcoating their shortcomings to protect their feelings . I ca n't think of a more surefire way to raise a loser than not allowing a child to learn what it really takes to be a winner . Not that everything in life is a competition . But if children ca n't handle competition when it 's necessary , or take some criticism , or never strive to be better because their parents inadvertently programmed them to believe they are already the best even when they 're not , then they are in for some serious shocks and bumps down the road . That 's the part of the discussion that 's missing from all the chatter about David McCullough Jr. 's controversial "  You Are Not Special " commencement speech . He did n't call the Wellesley High School Class of 2012 a bunch of lowlifes who wo n't amount to anything . Rather , he was adjusting their lenses so that they could see the world they were about to enter more clearly . "  Across the country no fewer than 3.2 million seniors are graduating about now from more than 37,000 high schools , " McCullough said . "  That 's 37,000 valedictorians ... 37,000 class presidents ... 92,000 harmonizing altos ... 340,000 swaggering jocks ... 2,185,967 pairs of Uggs . But why limit ourselves to high school ? After all , you 're leaving it . So think about this : Even if you 're one in a million , on a planet of 6.8 billion that means there are nearly 7,000 people just like you . " One man 's "  ouch " is another man 's "  right on brother , " and you can count me among the latter . My son is special ... to me . He is special to his mother , grandparents , aunts , uncles and friends . But he is not special to everyone , and he is not great at everything . None of us are . If the students at Wellesley did n't know this before their last moments of high school , I am glad McCullough was there to help them out before life taught them that lesson in less forgiving ways . Some folks have faulted McCullough , an English teacher at Wellesley , for his tough words . Sure , the job of high school teachers is not to tear down students ' self-esteem . But it 's certainly not to inflate students ' sense of self-worth with a bunch of unearned compliments and half-truths . There is a middle ground where "  how things are " and "  how things can be " meets . It is at this middle point where growth happens . But if parents , teachers and the other adults in a child 's life never acknowledge "  how things are " -- no matter how good the intention may be -- then they are denying that child an opportunity to mature , to develop a strong sense of self-confidence that can only be earned by recognizing shortcomings and dealing with disappointments and failures . "  And I hope you caught me when I said ` one of the best , ' " McCullough said . "  I said ` one of the best ' so we can feel better about ourselves , so we can bask in a little easy distinction , however vague and unverifiable , and count ourselves among the elite , whoever they might be , and enjoy a perceived leg up on the perceived competition . But the phrase defies logic . By definition there can be only one best . You 're it or you 're not . " Which is why McCullough also talked about the importance of pursuing passions for the sake of passions , rather than seeking accolades or striking off items from an arbitrary checklist . Accolades and lists may tell us about accomplishments , but life is meant to be experienced , not just accomplished . It 's like the difference between reading books for the sake of reading and reading books just to get a good grade . Tell me , once you 're done with school , are you then supposed to be done with reading books ? I sure hope not . McCullough 's point was that students should focus less on being seen as special and instead understand that living life is special in and of itself . As Rudyard Kipling so eloquently stated in his poem "  If " : If you can dream -- and not make dreams your master ; If you can think -- and not make thoughts your aim ; If you can meet with triumph and disaster And treat those two imposters just the same ; The synopsis of "  You Are Not Special " may seem scathing , but I found the speech to be quite uplifting , and I shared it with my son . He has another three years to go before graduating from high school , but I always like to remind him that his family and friends think the world of him -- and for the most part , just about everyone else on this planet does n't give a damn about him . That 's not mean or cruel , good or bad , that 's just the reality of life . And that 's OK -- everyone is special to someone , but no one is special to all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson found teacher 's "  You Are Not Special " speech to grads uplifting Granderson : Parents do their kids a disservice by sugarcoating their shortcomings He says if kids do n't know how to deal with failure , they will not grow and mature Granderson : Best way to raise a winner is to expose your kid to how things really are
Washington  CNN  -- Two men who worked as security contractors for the company formerly known as Blackwater have been charged with murder in the killings of two Afghan men , federal prosecutors announced Thursday . Christopher Drotleff and Justin Cannon are charged with two counts of second-degree murder and one count of attempted murder each in connection with the May shootings in Kabul . The 12-count , 19-page indictment returned by a federal grand jury in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia also includes weapons charges against the two men . The indictment was returned Wednesday but unsealed Thursday . Both men were in Afghanistan working for the security company Paravant , a subsidiary of Xe , the military contracting firm formerly known as Blackwater Worldwide . FBI agents have arrested both men , the Justice Department announced . Drotleff , Cannon and two other contractors , Steven McClain and Armando Hamid , were involved in the May 5 , 2009 , shooting that left two Afghan civilians dead and another wounded . The men had been hired by Paravant to help the U.S. Army train Afghan troops . The contractors said they were driving their interpreters on a busy Kabul street called Jalalabad Road at around 9 p.m. when a car slammed into one of their two cars . "  I immediately thought we were under attack , " McClain said in May . The contractors got out to help their colleagues , and the vehicle that had struck the car did a U-turn and headed back at them , the men said . The contractors fired at the oncoming vehicle . "  The car was coming at us , " Cannon said in May . "  At that point we attempted to stop and immobilize the vehicle and we engaged it in small arms fire . And the car did n't stop , it just kept going . " The incident spotlights the issue of the role and conduct of U.S. security contractors in Afghanistan . A similar issue arose in Iraq after a September 2007 confrontation involving then-Blackwater contractors that left 17 Iraqi civilians dead . Blackwater lost its contract there after Iraq 's government refused to renew its operating license . The company then changed its name to Xe , and it continues to receive multimillion-dollar contracts in Afghanistan . In the wake of the shooting , all four men lost their jobs with Paravant for violating the company 's alcohol policy . The contractors said they had not been drinking and had not had a drink since their arrival in November . "  We feel that Blackwater wanted to shift the blame from Blackwater itself to these men as if they were acting on a lark , " attorney Daniel J. Callahan said in May . "  Off duty , with weapons , weapons of their own , and while drinking . And I think the intent is to use these men as scapegoats . " Callahan , who has advised the men but has not been formally retained by any of them , did not immediately return a call Thursday seeking comment on the charges . In a written statement Thursday , Xe said it had "  immediately and fully cooperated with the government 's investigation of this tragic incident and terminated the individuals involved for violating company policy . " Also Thursday , Xe announced it has settled seven lawsuits that accused it of crimes in cases not related to the Afghanistan shooting . The lawsuits accused Blackwater security guards of widespread illegal activity , including fostering "  a culture of lawlessness " among its guards . A lawyer representing the plaintiffs , Susan Burke , said neither she nor anyone else involved in the settlement was allowed to discuss it publicly . It was not clear how much the settlement was for . One lawsuit , filed by Burke in 2007 on behalf of families of several Iraqis killed or wounded in the September 2007 shooting in Baghdad , Iraq , said that a quarter of Blackwater security guards in Iraq use steroids and other "  judgment-altering substances . " The lawsuit also accused the company of war crimes , wrongful death , assault , negligent hiring and emotional distress . The plaintiffs included two wounded survivors of the Baghdad shooting and the families of five people killed in the incident . Blackwater denied the accusations . Last week , a federal judge dismissed manslaughter charges against five Blackwater security guards involved in the killings , finding that prosecutors wrongly used the men 's own statements against them .	Christopher Drotleff , Justin Cannon charged with murder , attempted murder Charges relate to two shooting deaths in Kabul , Afghanistan , in May Drotleff , Cannon were security contractors for company formerly known as Blackwater May 5 incident began with auto collision ; men say vehicle then aimed for them
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- The Japanese government was quick to distance itself from Toru Hashimoto , mayor of Osaka , after his comments on the apparent necessity of "  comfort women " caused an international storm . Many of his political allies also did the same . The Your party , a center-right political party , which had proposed a tie-up with Hashimoto 's Japan Restoration Party ahead of this July 's Upper House elections decided against it . The public via opinion polls decried his comments as inappropriate . Hashimoto 's political star very suddenly lost its shine . He claims his remarks were misconstrued by the media . But his attempt to clear his name at Tokyo 's Foreign Press Club on Monday did little to allay his critics . Rather than apologize for the offense caused , he said in a pre-released statement : "  It is not a fair attitude to blame only Japan , as if the violation of human rights of women by soldiers were a problem unique to the Japanese soldiers . " In the question-and-answer session afterwards , Hashimoto gave another telling insight : "  Most Japanese historians agree there were no historical facts that Japan as a nation committed abduction or trafficking of those women in a systematic manner . " This is a similar line to that taken in a 2007 Cabinet resolution which declared there was no evidence to prove women were coerced into prostitution by the military -- a resolution drawn up during Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's first term in office . The argument runs contrary to the testimonies of hundreds of former comfort women . These days , the government has reverted back to the Kono statement of 1993 , which offers a full apology on behalf of the Japanese nation to all former comfort women . Despite this , Koichi Nakano , a political scientist at Tokyo 's Sophia University says there is a smoke-and-mirrors element to the government 's public relations campaign . "  Shinzo Abe 's convictions are very nationalistic , " Nakano said . "  He wants to turn a new page , he wants to be proud of Japan and he also wants to put an end as he calls it to the post-war regime . He 's basically a negationist -- that Japan did nothing particularly wrong . And he 's been repeating that , backtracking each time he gets strong criticisms . " For now the prime minister 's focus is on improving the Japanese economy . Here , he has the public behind him with over 60 % approval ratings . In its latest front cover , The Economist depicts Abe as Superman . The blurb for the article reads : "  Shinzo Abe has a vision of a prosperous and patriotic Japan . The economics looks better than the nationalism . " If he wins the support of the Upper House in July 's elections , he could feel empowered to enact the more nationalist agenda , spelt out in his campaign platform including revising the constitution to give the country 's self-defense forces the status of a regular army . Some political analysts in Japan say it could extend to reintroducing the notion of patriotism in school textbooks and revising the narrative of imperial Japanese aggression . But Nakano says Abe will also face considerable pushback . "  I think there 'll be a tug of war between those who want to reveal their true selves and get back to a revisionist nationalist agenda and those trying to bring Abe back from that direction and persuade him to stay focused on the economy and that would include the American government as well as some more moderate members of the conservative camp . " The United States is certainly watching . In a May report called "  Japan-US relations : Issues for Congress , " the Congressional Research Service wrote : "  Comments and actions on controversial historical issues by Prime Minister Abe and his cabinet have raised concern that Tokyo could upset regional relations in ways that hurt U.S. interests . " In April , Cabinet members and a huge delegation of politicians visited the Yasukuni shrine , a controversial site , to pay their respects to Japan 's war dead . A number of war criminals also have their names on its roster . Each visit by Japanese leaders serves to upset South Korea and China who see the shrine as a symbol of Japan 's imperial aggression . Abe did not go , though he did send an offering . In August , the opportunity will present itself again on the commemoration of the end of World War II . Abe has not responded to questions on whether he 'll visit the shrine or not . There are many who in the interests of regional security hope that he does not .	Japan government distances itself from Osaka mayor 's controversial comments Government reverts to Kono statement , which apologizes for comfort women Political scientist : PM Abe 's convictions are "  nationalistic "
CNN  -- "  I 've broken my shoulder , broken my knees , broken my feet , broken my hands , I 've broken ribs , I 've broken the coccyx in my back . " Off-road bicycle racing is a rough and tumble world , and three-time BMX world champion Shanaze Reade has suffered enough injuries to end any sporting career . Fortunately for the British Olympian , she is made of stern stuff , mentally and physically . "  When I was leaving primary school I wanted to be a BMX racer , " the 23-year-old told CNN . "  My teachers and my family would say , ` How are you going to make a career out of BMX racing ? It 's not even an Olympic sport ! ' " Gold medal formula : Mind over matter ? That changed in 2003 , when the International Olympic Committee announced that BMX would be a full medal event at the 2008 Beijing Games . BMX , inspired by motocross , started life in the late 1960s as kids playing on bikes in California . It has since evolved into a sport which pits highly-trained athletes against each other over one white-knuckle lap of a dirt course . "  It 's grown a massive amount , " said Reade , who has also won track cycling world titles alongside 2008 Olympic gold medalist Victoria Pendleton . "  Before the Olympic Games in 2008 it was big , but then after ... people understood our sport a lot more . Kids started coming along to the tracks , adults started coming along . People who raced back in the '80s , they started coming back into the sport . " London 2012 : A swimmer 's story Having qualified for the four-rider women 's final at Laoshan in 2008 after a series of grueling qualifying heats , Reade -- already a double world champion and the favorite to clinch the sport 's inaugural gold medal -- had the chance to justify the career choice she had so stubbornly made as a child . But it was not to be . "  Everything seemed to come to a complete standstill , " said Reade , who crashed out of the deciding race after clipping France 's eventual champion Anne-Caroline Chausson . It was a sad conclusion to an uneasy Olympic campaign in which she also crashed during the individual time trials and the first semifinal heat . But the final , unlike the semis , offered Reade no chance of redemption once her face had hit the dirt . She was left to contemplate giving up on her Olympic dream after just one attempt . "  How hurt I felt from that race , I was like , ` Do I even want to do sport anymore ? Do I want to be in sport if this is the way it makes me feel ? ' " But Reade 's mental strength came to the fore and , over time , she regained her composure and confidence ahead of a home Games in London later this year . "  Time is a great healer . I got up , brushed myself down and I thought , ` This is what I am good at and this is what I trained for . ' " She will again enter the competition as a strong gold medal contender after clinching her third world title in Adelaide in 2010 . The prospect of being backed by thousands of partisan fans at the Olympic Park 's BMX track , combined with her victory at last August 's Olympic test event , has given Reade plenty of cause for optimism . "  I 've never performed in front of 6,000 people before and I 've never competed in front of 6,000 British people who are all behind you , " she said . "  I think the atmosphere is going to be electric there and really motivating at the same time . " If Reade once again comes up short in her pursuit of gold , then at least she has learned not to let sporting shortcomings drag her down . "  My motto is life and in sport is ` happiness is the key to success . ' You can be successful , but without happiness it means nothing . That 's definitely what I go by . "	British BMX rider Shanaze Reade is a gold medal favorite for London 2012 Reade crashed out of the inaugural BMX final in Beijing four years ago The IOC announced BMX as an Olympic sport in 2003 and it made its debut in 2008 The 23-year-old Reade considered quitting BMX after her China nightmare
CNN  -- The Committee to Protect Journalists has placed 12 countries on its Impunity Index , a list of countries where journalists have been killed and their killers have not been found . The organization 's third annual compilation , released Tuesday , cites Iraq , Somalia , Philippines , Sri Lanka , Colombia , Afghanistan , Nepal , Russia , Mexico , Pakistan , Bangladesh and India . The index , which covers 2000 through 2009 , describes the countries as places "  where journalists are murdered on a recurring basis and governments are unable or unwilling to prosecute the killers . " Leading the field for the third consecutive year was Iraq , where all 88 journalist killings remain unsolved , the committee said . All but seven cases involve local journalists , "  the vast majority of whom " were targeted by insurgents , it said on its website . But last year marked the first since the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in 2003 that no killing directly related to a journalist 's work was documented there by the organization . Still , four journalists were killed in crossfire in 2009 , it said . Iraq 's Impunity Index Rating was 2.794 unsolved journalist killings per million inhabitants , nearly triple the rate of any other country . Somalia ranked second , "  reflecting insurgents ' routine use of violence to control the news media , " CPJ said . The incidence of fatal , unpunished violence against journalists has increased in the Philippines , Somalia , Russia and Mexico , it said . But Brazil and Colombia , long among the world 's deadliest nations for the news media , each showed improvements , with Brazil moving off the list , the committee reported . "  We 've heard repeated pledges from governments that the killers of journalists will face justice , but until these promises are fulfilled , media will continue to be targeted by those who believe they are above the law and immune from consequences , " said Joel Simon , CPJ 's executive director . The group noted that many of the countries on the index present themselves as democracies with functioning law enforcement -- nations such as India , Russia , the Philippines , and Mexico . The index includes only those nations with five or more unsolved cases . In the Philippines , 30 journalists and two media support workers were killed in Maguindanao province , it said , boosting the country from sixth to third on the index . "  The massacre overshadowed gains that Philippine authorities had made , winning convictions in two journalist murders , " the committee said . In Russia , which ranked eighth , three journalists were killed last year , bringing the country 's 10-year total of unsolved killings to 18 , it said . Mexico moved from 11th to ninth , reflecting continuing violence against crime reporters there , it said . In Mexico , self-censorship is widespread , it said . Many nations on the list have seen a reduction in the flow of information . In fourth-ranked Sri Lanka , with 10 unsolved killings , "  many of the country 's most senior journalists have fled into exile , " the CPJ said . "  Our goal in compiling this index is to spur leaders in these nations to action , " said Simon . "  Many of these cases are solvable . The perpetrators have been identified but authorities lack the political will to prosecute . " CPJ released the index to coincide with a summit on impunity being held Tuesday and Wednesday in New York . The index calculates the number of unsolved journalist killings as a percentage of the country 's population . Only nations with five or more unsolved cases were included . CPJ includes only those killings that are considered to have been deliberate attacks against specific journalists in relation to their work . It does not tally cases of journalists killed in combat or while carrying out other dangerous assignments . "  The only thing you can say about it is that the murder of journalists gets worse and worse , and the problem is that governments around the world are not interested in finding the perpetrators , " said Stuart H. Loory , editor of the magazine Global Journalist and the Lee Hills Chair in Free-Press Studies at the Missouri School of Journalism . "  Too often they blame journalists for acting out of line . "	Committee to Protect Journalists has placed 12 countries on its Impunity Index Index is a list of countries where journalists have been killed and their killers have not been found Iraq leads field for the third consecutive year , where all 88 journalist killings remain unsolved Somalia ranked second , while Brazil and Colombia each showed improvements
CNN  -- A federal judge on Tuesday ordered the U.S. military to stop enforcing the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy , putting an end to the ban on openly gay troops . U.S. District Judge Virginia Phillips ' permanent worldwide injunction -- praised by gay rights organizations -- orders the military "  immediately to suspend and discontinue any investigation , or discharge , separation , or other proceeding , that may have been commenced " under the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . The judge , a Clinton appointee based in the Central District of California , previously ruled that the policy regarding gays serving in the military violated service members ' Fifth Amendment rights to due process and freedom of speech , but had delayed issuing the injunction . The military was sued by Log Cabin Republicans , a gay rights group . Justice Department spokeswoman Tracy Schmaler would say only that the department is "  reviewing the ruling . " The department has 60 days to appeal , but is not required to do so . The Defense Department is reviewing the ruling to determine whether it has immediate impact and is consulting with the Justice Department , Pentagon spokeswoman Cynthia Smith said . Air Force lawyers in a recent case argued the military -- not the courts -- is in the best position to evaluate and enforce the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . President Barack Obama is pushing for a repeal of the controversial policy . A bill currently before Congress would overturn the measure after a Pentagon review is completed in December . In her ruling Tuesday , Phillips stated the policy infringes on the rights of military personnel . "  Furthermore , there is no adequate remedy at law to prevent the continued violation of servicemembers ' rights or to compensate them for violation of their rights , " the judge wrote . More than 12,500 people have been booted from the military since "  do n't ask , do n't tell " went into effect . Along with barring known gay , lesbian and bisexual individuals from serving , the policy prevents the military from asking them about it . Log Cabin Republicans praised the ruling but urged "  caution by servicemembers considering coming out at this time , as the Obama administration still has the option to appeal . " The group said the ruling is a victory for strong national defense . "  No longer will our military be compelled to discharge servicemembers with valuable skills and experience because of an archaic policy mandating irrational discrimination , " it said in a statement following the ruling . Servicemembers United , which describes itself as the nation 's largest organization of gay and lesbian troops and veterans , also hailed the judge 's ruling but urged gays who serve to be careful about coming out now . "  This order from Judge Phillips is another historic and courageous step in the right direction , a step that Congress has been noticeably slow in taking , " said executive director Alexander Nicholson . The ranking member of the House Armed Services Committee called on the administration to immediately file a motion to stay the injunction so Congress can address the issue . "  We are a nation at war . This decision could have a negative impact on military and family readiness since the Department of Defense is unprepared to address the issues that are bound to arise from such a hasty change , Rep. Howard P. "  Buck " McKeon , R-California , said in a statement . Aaron Belkin , director of the Palm Center , a research institute of the University of California-Santa Barbara , said he expects the Obama administration to appeal Tuesday 's order . "  The case could be done next week if the administration decides not to appeal , or it could take five years if there is an appeal , or Congress could move faster than the Justice Department , which would render this case moot , " said Belkin , whose institute researches sexual minorities in the military and advocates an end to the ban . CNN 's Carol Cratty and Jennifer Rizzo contributed to this report .	NEW : Congressman calls on White House to file motion seeking a stay The Defense and Justice departments are studying the ruling Log Cabin Republicans hail the federal judge 's ruling but advise caution The judge had previously ruled that the policy violated service members ' rights
Tokyo  CNN  -- The light bulb above our dining room table begins to swing . The windows rattle . The table shakes . Then the whole room shudders , the walls vibrating violently . A vase of flowers wobbles on a top shelf . Glasses clink . There 's a loud rumble and a roar . Then the bookshelf tears loose from the wall , scattering books everywhere , before we hear a shattering crash . Then comes silence . But not for long . A few seconds later the floor begins to buck . The walls bulge . The room jumps up and down and moves from side to side . Crockery starts flying through the air . I dive under the table , hold a cushion over my head , shut my eyes and start laughing . When I open them I see Tokyo collapse in front of my eyes . Then a buzzer sounds and an instructor comes into the room . My disaster preparedness instructor bends down and looks at me cowering under the table . She 's pleased with my performance . "  Well done , you survived your first earthquake , " she says with a smile . "  Not bad for a beginner . " More : The best sushi restaurants in Tokyo Preparing Tokyo residents for disaster Tokyo has a number of unusual and relatively unknown attractions -- the world 's only tapeworm museum and a noodle museum housing the world 's largest collection of pot noodle cartons come to mind . But only one tourist site has been declared an official disaster zone . The Tokyo Earthquake Simulation Center is located on the fourth floor of the city 's Ikebukuro Bosai-kan fire station . It 's open to the public and there 's no charge to experience two minutes of terrifying tremors . "  Residents of Tokyo are required to attend courses to enhance their disaster preparedness awareness , " says my instructor . "  Children and salarymen all come to learn what to do in the event of an earthquake . " The computer-controlled earthquake mimics a quake measuring 6.2 on the Richter scale . There are 50,000 reported earthquakes in the world every year . They vary in seismic intensity . No area of the earth is entirely free from the threat , although some areas are more active than others . Japan has had more than 60 major quakes , with the first recorded in 684 . The 2011 Tohoku quake registered a 9.0 magnitude and claimed nearly 16,000 lives . The world 's biggest earthquake is believed to have been the 1960 Valdiva Quake in Chile , which was a 9.5 . The quake that hit California in 1906 and ruptured a 70-mile length of the San Andreas fault was an 8 . Other big ones have hit in Lisbon in 1755 , New Madrid , Missouri in 1811 and Alaska in 1899 . The Lisbon quake -- which killed at least 60,000 people -- was so powerful that the water in Loch Lomond in Scotland oscillated for two minutes . A serious earthquake with accompanying aftershocks is simulated every half hour every day except weekends and Tuesdays at Tokyo 's Life Safety Learning center . There are similar centers in Tachikawa and Honjo . "  The Great Hanshin-Awaji earthquake brought about catastrophic devastation , " my disaster preparedness tutor tells me . "  We must all learn safety measures so we know what to do in such an emergency . It might save our own life and the lives of others . Here we learn how to behave during a catastrophe . How to keep a cool head and a calm body . Our programs improve all-round earthquake skills . " The center has a permanent exhibition to the 1923 Tokyo earthquake . On September 1 , 74,000 people died in seven seconds . Fifty-four percent of the brick buildings and 10 % of all reinforced-concrete structures collapsed . One percent of the city 's houses were destroyed and 700,000 homes were burned down . The shock started a tsunami tidal wave that reached a height of 36 feet at Atami on Sagama Bay , where it destroyed a further 150 houses and killed 60 more people . More : Insider Guide : What to do in Tokyo ` The real ones are no fun at all ' Earthquake-skills students are shown video highlights of the 1995 Kobe earthquake . We watch motorways buckle and skyscrapers cave in . It could be make believe . But there are no special effects . Courses at the center include basic fire extinguisher training . There 's a special room where you 're given a canister and told to spray foam over anything and everything . "  It 's very popular with the adults , as well as the children , " says my instructor . "  But there 's a serious side . Students learn how to protect themselves and prevent fires from spreading after an earthquake . We also use a smoke maze and a tunnel to help people get used to being in smoke and learning how to get out of smoke-filled buildings in an orderly manner . "  We teach emergency first aid . And how to resuscitate injured people and administer cardiac massage . This is all to minimize the casualties when and if a quake strikes . We also have escape shoot drills . "  We have a lot of people coming back . Not because they want to learn more . They just enjoy being in an artificial earthquake scenario . Would you like to enjoy another one yourself ? " She smiles . "  I can arrange it . I can cause earthquakes ! " So once again I sit at the table in a mock-up of a typical small Japanese apartment , complete with kitchenette . The young woman asks me if I 'm ready , then presses a button . The room begins to shake again . Following instructions , I run to the stove to turn off the gas supply and then open the door . Grabbing a cushion I find safety under the kitchen table . The walls tremble and then the floor . The bookcase sways . Through the window I can see video footage of falling masonry and giant dust clouds . One moment a building is there and another it 's gone . The Tokyo area experiences minor tremors every day . My second one of the afternoon is over . I pass with flying colors and am equipped to deal with an earthquake if I ever find myself in one 's epicenter . "  But it wo n't be so much fun , " my earthquake examiner says . "  The real ones are no fun at all . " Tokyo Earthquake Simulation Center : Ikebukuro Bosai-kan ,  5 minue walk from the west exit of Ikebukuro station  ; closed Tuesdays and every 3rd Monday of the month ; Open 9 a.m.-5 p.m. ; +81  0  9 3590 6565 . Admission is free . Other Tokyo museums and disaster training centers open to visitors include : Tokyo Rinkai Disaster Prevention Park , at Honjo Bosai-Kan , Tachikawa Bosai-kan ; and the Science of Museum of Earthquake North Tokyo  Nishigahara Metro station	There are 50,000 reported earthquakes in the world each year World 's biggest believed to have been the 1960 Valdiva Quake in Chile , measuring 9.5 on Richter scale Japan has had more than 60 major quakes . Earthquake Simulator Center teaches people how to react
CNN  -- The bodies of three men have been found in shallow graves in eastern Ohio , all of them believed to have been killed after answering a Craigslist ad to work on a cattle farm , according to authorities . The Summit County medical examiner 's office on Saturday identified one of the victims as Timothy Kern of Massillon , Ohio . The 47-year-old 's death , caused by "  gunshot wounds to the head , " was ruled a homicide , the office said in an audio recording . A phone call led police Friday to Kern 's body in a shallow grave behind an Akron mall , authorities said . Multiple law enforcement authorities , including FBI officials , have tied Kern 's death to a wider investigation into the two other killings . In his last Facebook posting , dated November 10 , Kern wrote : "  Just got one of the strangest job offers . A good offer but strange . The job is to watch over 680 acres south of cambridge . Odd jobs and such but mainly just secure it . Trailer , utilities , salary . Drawbacks ? No cell phone service , kids are up here , and i have to move this Sunday . " Meanwhile , the body of a "  white male " was also discovered Friday "  in a shallow grave in Stock Township , " about 120 miles south of Akron , Noble County Sheriff Stephen Hannum said in a statement . The sheriff did not respond to calls Saturday from CNN . But Hannum said earlier this month that there are "  two suspects in custody " in the case . Michael Rafferty told CNN affiliate WJW that his 16-year-old son Brogan Rafferty of Stowe is among them , charged with attempted murder . The father claimed that his son had been "  manipulated " and "  corrupted , " insisting that his son is a "  mild-mannered gentleman . " The other suspect in the case -- 52-year-old Richard Beasley of Akron , as identified on a Summit County court website -- is being held on unrelated charges . No attorney was listed for Beasley in the court document . The investigation began the night of November 6 , when a Noble County deputy sheriff responded to a call and came upon a "  white , middle-aged man being treated for a gunshot wound to the right arm , " according to Hannum . The shooting victim , who is from South Carolina and was not identified by police , told the sheriff he had answered an ad on the Craigslist website offering work caring for cattle on a 688-acre property . WJW : Body of missing Massillon man identified He met with the two suspects and drove with them toward Stock Township . After being told a road was closed due to a landslide , the South Carolina man got out of the car to start walking toward the property , which he was told was nearby . He told the sheriff that , while walking through a heavily wooded area , he then turned around "  to see a gun pointed at his head . He deflected the gun and ran " -- getting shot in the arm while fleeing , according to the sheriff . The victim hid for seven hours in the forest before going to a house and requesting help , Hannum said . Then , on November 11 , the sheriff received a call from a Boston , Massachusetts , woman who said her twin brother had not been seen since October 22 in Parkersburg , West Virginia . The brother had also answered a Craigslist ad "  and she felt very sure it was the same advertisement  the shooting victim from South Carolina  had answered . " On November 15 , authorities -- including agents from the FBI and Ohio 's Bureau of Criminal Investigation , plus "  cadaver-sniffing " dogs -- found "  the body of a white male buried in a shallow grave " near where the first man had been shot , Hannum said . Police have not identified the body . The sheriff tied that man 's death to the investigation of the shooting that left the South Carolina man wounded in the arm . Multiple authorities since then have also linked the two bodies discovered Friday -- including that of Kern -- with the same investigation . Zach Kern , 19 , told CNN that he last saw his father November 12 after he 'd gone with another son for the job interview . "  He was all stoked about it , " Zach Kern said of his father 's feelings about the opportunity to work on the cattle farm . "  My brother ... thought the whole situation was sketchy . " Timothy Kern ended up going to the would-be job site alone , not with the 17-year-old son who 'd accompanied him to the interview , Zach Kern said . The same son added that his father , divorced and with three children , worked "  odd jobs " including recently as a street cleaner in Canton . He said that his father saw his children daily , adding that the whole family is struggling to come to grips with his death . "  We 're just trying to get through this , " Zach Kern said Saturday .	One man told police he was shot after answering a Craigslist ad for an Ohio job Nine days later , a body is found in a shallow grave near the shooting site 2 other bodies found Friday may be linked to the same ad , authorities say The son of one victim says his father was "  stoked " about the online job offer
CNN  -- China has developed a vaccine for swine flu and is set to become the first country in the world to begin mass inoculations , but there are concerns over possible side effects , the World Health Organization  WHO  has said . A swine flu vaccine has been approved in China and inoculations could begin in the next few weeks . WHO spokesman Gregory Hartl told CNN , "  We have to be ready for the fact that there might be adverse effects . " "  No matter what vaccine you 're looking at , sometimes there are extremely rare side effects . We do n't even know what those are yet , but they will show up in one in every two or 10 million vaccinated . " Inoculations could begin in the next few weeks , according to the South China Morning Post , before celebrations begin on October 1 to mark the 60th anniversary of the founding of the People 's Republic . The vaccine , PANFLU .1 , was developed by Sinovac Biotech Ltd and is suitable for people aged three to 60 . Sinovac says the single-shot vaccine has been approved by China 's National Institute for the Control of Pharmaceutical and Biological Products and has obtained the Certificate for the Release of Biological Products . It says more than five million doses will be ready by the end of September . The South China Morning Post reports Health Minister Chen Zhu as saying that some 200,000 people taking part in the anniversary celebrations will be the first to receive the vaccine . Others considered to be high priority are students aged five to 19 , those with medical conditions , especially chronic respiratory and coronary diseases , and pregnant women . The inoculation program will also target medical staff and key workers , including police officers , soldiers and quarantine officials . Chen said on Tuesday that there have so far been 5592 recorded cases of H1N1 in China 's 31 inland provinces , but no one has yet died from the illness . "  Due to the rising number of cases , especially since late August , we have indeed started seeing some serious cases , " he said . The Post reported that there are plans to vaccinate 65 million people before the end of the year and that Chen admitted the amount of available vaccine was not nearly enough to inoculate the country 's population of 1.3 billion people . The Chinese State Food and Drug Administration  SFDA  last week approved two factories to produce the vaccine -- Sinovac , based in Beijing , and Hualan Biological Engineering , based in Henan -- according to the Post . But it reports the SFDA has announced that "  more qualified enterprises which could produce swine flu vaccines " would be licensed by the end of September . Hartl said that in Europe , several drug firms are set to submit clinical trial data in the next few weeks , with GlaxoSmithKline likely to be among the first . Weidong Yin , CEO of Sinovac , said last week , "  With the support of the Ministry of Health , State SFDA , and Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention , Sinovac was able to successfully and rapidly complete the clinical trials and registration process for the H1N1 vaccine . "	China has approved a swine-flu vaccine and is set to begin inoculations Sinovac Biotech has developed the vaccine , suitable for those aged three to 60 There have been 5592 recorded cases of H1N1 in China 's 31 inland provinces
CNN  -- Helen , 50 , was college educated , married , worked in middle management at a financial services company and had good health insurance . She was diagnosed with early stage breast cancer in 1990 . She saw doctors with some of the best reputations . After an appropriate surgery , she was given high dose chemotherapy with a bone marrow transplant . The treatment almost killed her several times and she was hospitalized for nearly a year . My book , "  How We Do Harm , " co-authored with Paul Goldberg describes the challenges that some ordinary Americans experience while trying to get quality health care . In the book we show real examples , like Helen , of the irrationality of how medicine is practiced and consumed in the United States . We discuss those who do not get good care and those who suffer because of excessive and illogical health care . Both occur among the insured and the uninsured . The book also assesses the threat our health care system poses to the economy and offers suggestions on what needs to change . It was motivated by the ongoing debate about health care reform . For more than two decades , I have studied disparities in health outcomes and the inconsistencies in how medicine is practiced . I have come to believe that much of the rhetoric for and against health care reform lacks the understanding that the issue involves human beings . Lost in that debate is the fact that a large number of our fellow Americans are suffering and dying avoidable deaths , because of lack of quality health care . I believe we should be both ashamed and furious about our health care system . America spends more per person on health care than any other country . Per-person costs are nearly 1.5 times higher than the second most expensive country . We simply do not get the outcomes we pay for . Among the nations of the world , we rank 50th in life expectancy and American life expectancy is decreasing . America is 47th in infant mortality , just better than Croatia . The therapy Helen received was expensive and commonly given to women with breast cancer in the early 1990s . During this time , numerous women sued insurance companies who did not want to pay for the therapy and nearly a dozen states passed laws saying insurance companies had to pay for it . There was one really good reason why the health insurers did not want to pay for high dose chemotherapy and bone marrow transplant for breast cancer : No study had ever been done to prove it beneficial . Even without evidence , some patients and their doctors had faith that it worked . The procedure was common because some doctors taught that the transplant was beneficial to patients . Truth be told , it was very beneficial to the doctors and hospitals offering it . By 1999 , well after Helen had recovered , three well-designed clinical trials were completed . They showed that bone marrow transplant and high dose chemotherapy , a treatment now common for nearly a decade and a half , was not better than the standard therapy and there were indications it was more harmful . This shows that even the well-insured often get substandard care . Medical gluttony , the inappropriate use and overuse of medical treatment , is not just adding unnecessary cost to health care . It can actually be harmful to the individual . Doctors deserve some blame for this mess . Appreciation of the science of medicine and the scientific method is often lacking . It is amazing the number of health care professionals who seemingly reject the scientific method . They prescribe treatments they believe to be appropriate as opposed to therapies that are known to be appropriate based on objective scientific evidence . This form of ignorance is a root cause of much of the overuse of medical therapy . Too often , doctors fail to distinguish what is scientifically known from what is unknown , from what is believed . This is beyond mere disagreement about interpretation of the science . There is often selective reading of the science , especially by those trained in a specialty wanting to advocate for it . Health care providers and the public often overlook the emotional and financial conflicts of interest of health care professionals . While I blame the medical profession , blame also rests on hospitals , drug and device manufacturers , insurance companies , lawyers , politicians , government and even with patients . I see hospitals advocating unproven screening and treatment while advertising for business . There are patient advocacy groups often funded by hospitals and medical manufacturers , who also advocate the unproven and instill in patients that they need what may be unnecessary and can be harmful . American medicine is big business . It is about 18 % of the U.S. economy and growing . The average cost of a health insurance policy for a family of four is $ 19,400 per year . The expense of our inefficient health care system is a major drain on the economy . It is a major reason why employers are hesitant to hire and a reason why many employers can not provide health insurance to employees . We have what could be an extraordinary health care system and some patients do get extraordinary care . But patient stories show how our system is inefficient . Our system is focused on treating people after they get sick with relative inattention to promoting health and preventing disease . Such public health efforts have not received adequate support . The triad of obesity , lack of physical activity and high caloric intake  bad diet  is creating a tsunami of chronic disease . If the system persists as is , medical costs will grow dramatically over the next several decades as the number of patients with diabetes , cardiovascular diseases , cancer and orthopedic injury dramatically grows . The current course is not sustainable . Medical costs will rise until the economy collapses . I know that the book will upset and anger some people , especially those who profit from medicine . I hope the book allows some reasonable people  both lay and medical professionals  to better understand what we are doing to our country . We all need to realize that some Americans are harmed by lack of treatment and others by overtreatment . The cold hard reality is America does not need to reform health care , we need to transform health care . The American health care system is fundamentally flawed and encourages inappropriate behavior and a subtle form of corruption . There truly is a combination of greed , ignorance and apathy within health care that is a cancer on this country . There is nothing wrong with medicine as a business , and nothing wrong with making an honest profit . However , in some cases , greed needs to be replaced with public interest , a concern for the national good . We need a greater commitment to the practice of evidence-based medicine . Some politicians choose to scare people with words like "  rationing medicine " and "  death panels . " Truth be told , we all need to talk about defining the "  rational use of medicine . " A widespread demand for rational use of health care can lower costs and increase the number of people getting high quality care and save lives . Americans need to better understand the science of medicine and the scientific method , be true to science and support evidence-based medicine . We need to embrace an interest in public health and adopt preventive strategies . The most important question we can ask is , "  How can we provide all Americans with good high quality care to include preventive care ? " Opinions expressed are those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of CNN , The American Cancer Society , or Emory University .	America ranks 50th in life expectancy and American life expectancy is decreasing We should be both ashamed and furious about our health care system , Brawley says We focus on treating people after they get sick instead of preventing disease , he says
CNN  -- It takes quite a character to inspire a legion of women to draw thick black unibrows and mustaches on their own faces . Six decades after Frida Kahlo 's death , her distinctive floral headwear , ornate dresses , and flash of red lipstick , still captivates some fans to the point of making themselves in her image . Every time a major gallery launches a new exhibition of the Mexican painter 's work , you can bet it will be accompanied by a queue of Kahlo-lookalikes , said art historian Helga Prignitz-Poda . "  It 's a real phenomenon , " said the curator of one of the biggest Kahlo exhibitions in the world , currently on display at Rome 's Scuderie del Quirinale . "  I think people are most fascinated by her paintings -- Frida shows her inner life in a very authentic manner . And I think there are very few artists that have painted so much of what they really felt . "  There 's a certain honesty , and that 's what people understand and feel . " Queen of the selfie ? Kahlo 's greatest muse was arguably herself , throughout her lifetime painting a huge number of self-portraits depicting deeply personal experiences in raw detail . From miscarriages , to a painful back injury which plagued her , the viewer is given a glimpse into the darkest depths of Kahlo 's world . She once famously said : "  I paint myself because I am often so alone , and because I am the subject I know best . " And in an age of the selfie , could Kahlo 's self-portraits tell us something about people 's need to share their image with others ? "  She told her friends : ' I give you this painting so that I am not so alone , ' " said Prignitz-Poda . "  So when people looked at pictures of her in their houses they thought of her , and it was like a white magic -- the more she painted herself , the more she spread her image among her friends , and the more these friends thought of her . "  I think the people who dress-up as Frida Kahlo today want to identify themselves with her because they feel there is a person who has been as lonely as them . There is a person who fought against this loneliness , who was strong enough to overcome their own problems . " A life less ordinary Kahlo 's enduring allure is not simply due to her artwork , but a remarkable life which began in Mexico City in 1907 . A horrific traffic accident as a teenager left her with lifelong back problems , and many of her self-portraits depict her body wracked with pain -- in one she wears a necklace of thorns , in another she is a deer pierced with arrows . Her marriage to fellow Mexican painter Diego Rivera -- 21 years her senior and a towering figure beside Kahlo 's petite frame -- was a tumultuous one , the couple divorcing in 1939 and remarrying the next year . Both had extramarital affairs , with Kahlo perhaps most famously engaging in a relationship with Russian revolutionary Leon Trotsky , while he was in exile in Mexico . "  In the beginning Frida was in Diego 's shadow , but she very soon stepped out of it , " said Prignitz-Poda of the couple 's avant-garde art careers . "  On their first trip to the United States in 1930 , they had been married for one year , and already the press started to notice her appearance by his side as someone very attractive and spectacular . "  When people came to their house to interview Diego , they saw her paintings , and saw that she was also very interesting . " In 1938 Kahlo had her first solo exhibition in New York . A year later her self-portrait "  The Frame , " was purchased by The Louvre in Paris , the first work by a 20th century Mexican artist bought by the gallery . She had well and truly stepped out of her husband 's shadow -- professionally at least . Frame of mind Gaze across Kahlo 's self-portraits and you 'll find an unsmiling woman with a harsh unibrow staring back . But the bold persona was all part of a carefully cultivated "  masquerade , " says Prignitz-Poda . "  She 's dressing up in the Tehuana dress , which represents the matriarch in a certain part of Mexico -- the strong woman who fights for her rights , makes her own money . She wants to represent this type of woman . "  She pointed out her mustache and joined eyebrows because they show a male aspect to her personality , and Frida always wanted to be both . She wanted to be a complete human being and not only the sweet wife , so this makes her look so strong . " Kahlo died soon after her 47th birthday in La Casa Azul -- "  The Blue House " -- where she was also born , now a museum attracting thousands of visitors each month . The official cause of death was respiratory failure , set on by pneumonia . Today , Kahlo 's paintings sell for a whopping $ 5.6 million , her face adorns Mexico 's 500-pesos note , and a 2002 Hollywood biopic of her life featured Salma Hayek in the Oscar nominated lead role . Major retrospective exhibitions of her work continue to draw huge crowds . And among them are the Kahlo lookalikes , who quietly contemplate their hero hanging on the wall . Learn : Forgotten war photographer you should know Milena Veselinovic contributed to this report	60th anniversary of Frida Kahlo 's death New retrospective of Mexican painter 's work in Rome ` Phenomenon ' of women dressing as legendary artist Most famous for surreal self-portraits , today sell for $ 5m
CNN  -- As the total death toll in Syria marches towards 40,000 , the Russian Foreign Ministry on Thursday lambasted the recent U.S. backing of Syria 's opposition in its quest to overthrow President Bashar al-Assad . Homs and Damascus are the deadliest places in Syria , according to an opposition group that keeps a running total of those whose lives came to a bloody end in 20-month armed conflict . Read more : Syrian opposition leader expects more from U.S. Of the 37,387 who have perished since fighting began , 6,992 were killed in Homs and 6,750 in the suburbs of Damascus , the Violations Documentation Center said . The total number includes 3,061 government soldiers , which the group only recently started to include in its count . Read more : Young Syrian amputee makes dangerous journey to find help Russia 's Foreign Ministry published harsh criticism in its active Twitter feed of the recent show of support by the United States , France and Arab states around the Persian Gulf for fighters trying to topple Assad . "  The Syrian opposition has been given a false signal , strengthening the positions of extremists , including terrorists , " a tweet reads . The ministry said the decision went against international principles on Syria established in Geneva . Quoting Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , the ministry tweeted : "  If the priority is Assad 's fate , it will be paid for with new casualties in #Syria . Our key priority is to prevent such sacrifices . " Lavrov met with the Gulf Cooperation Council in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , on Wednesday . Russia has shown support for its long-standing ally Assad , while the GCC openly backs the opposition . Both sides have been accused of supplying weapons to the conflict parties . The conflict raged on Thursday in Syria 's perpetual flashpoints with no sign of losing intensity . The killing continues to drive civilians to flee over the country 's borders . The U.N. refugee office says 414,838 Syrians are in neighboring countries registered as refugees or waiting to register . Turkey has the single highest number , with 114,944 , it says . The Violations Documentation Center regularly publishes a meticulous tally of those who have been killed during Syria 's armed conflict , claiming to include in its count only those whose deaths are documented on video or with an ID card . It works closely with the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a source commonly cited in reports on Syria . Both organizations support the overthrow of the Syrian government . The figures in their statistics will continue to rise . Ninety-five people died Thursday , including 46 in Damascus and its suburbs , and 14 in Homs , according to the LCC .	Syria 's death toll rises unabated Homs and Damascus are the deadliest places in Syria , an opposition group says The Russian Foreign Ministry criticizes the recent backing of rebels UNHCR : Refugees continue to spill over into neighboring countries
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- U.S. envoy George Mitchell was in Israel on Thursday for his first visit since right-wing politician Benjamin Netanyahu became prime minister . U.S. envoy George Mitchell , right , meets Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman on Thursday in Jerusalem . It is Mitchell 's third visit to the region since President Obama appointed him as special envoy for Middle East peace . Mitchell plans to meet with Netanyahu and other Israeli politicians Thursday , as well as Palestinian leaders -- including President Mahmoud Abbas -- in the West Bank and Jerusalem on Friday . The former senator and seasoned diplomat has not been shy in articulating the U.S. desire to see a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , which has led to speculation that the new Israeli government and the Obama administration may find themselves on a collision course . Netanyahu has indicated he wants serious negotiations with the Palestinians to continue , but he has not explicitly stated his support for Palestinian statehood . Questions about the new Israeli government 's commitment to a negotiated peace process came up when the new foreign minister , nationalist politician Avigdor Lieberman , declared the Annapolis process "  null and void . " The Annapolis process , launched by the Bush administration in 2007 , paved the way for the resumption of Israeli and Palestinian talks after they stopped earlier in the decade . After meeting Lieberman on Thursday morning , Mitchell said he had reiterated the U.S. stance . "  U.S. policy favors , with respect to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , a two-state solution which would have a Palestinian state living in peace alongside the Jewish state of Israel , " Mitchell said . "  We look forward also to efforts to achieve a comprehensive peace throughout the region . " Lieberman said the two men had a "  great opportunity to exchange some ideas " and spoke about close cooperation . "  We spoke to coordinate our position regarding the Palestinian issue , regarding the area problems , " he said . "  We are looking forward to the next meeting for some really deep dialogue about security , about economy , about all problems in the entire region . " The Israeli foreign minister said Israel will do everything necessary to improve the Palestinians ' economic situation . But in a statement after his meeting with Mitchell , he emphasized that Israel expects an "  unequivocal commitment " from the international community to Israel 's security and to the Jewish state . Mitchell met Wednesday night with Defense Minister Ehud Barak , who told the U.S. envoy that the countries ' bilateral relationship is "  deep and close . " "  It is possible to reach cooperation and understanding on all issues that are on the table , " said Barak . The issue of Iran and its nuclear program was also a topic Thursday . After Mitchell met with Israeli President Shimon Peres , the president said he emphasized dialogue on the issue . "  It is our common interest that dialogue with Iran will expose if there is an opportunity with Iran or is it all a hoax , " Peres said . "  We all want a world that is clean of nuclear bombs , but the problem is that those holding the bombs are religious fanatics , extremists , that do not cringe from all methods of killing . "  We need to create a wide international cooperation regarding the matter of Iran , " he said . "  All this talk about a possible attack by Israel in Iran are not true . The solution to Iran is not a military solution . " Lieberman said the subject of Iran is a "  major problem " for Israel and the whole region . "  If you are looking for a stable solution to the Palestinian problem , before everything else you have -LSB- to -RSB- stop the intensification and the spreading of the Iranian threat , " Lieberman said in his statement . CNN Jerusalem Bureau Chief Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	George Mitchell to meet with Israel 's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Netanyahu has not explicitly said he supports Palestinian statehood Israel 's foreign minister has said Annapolis peace process is "  null and void " Israeli President Shimon Peres meets with Mitchell , supports dialogue with Iran
CNN  -- Jurors heard differing stories Thursday about the final moments of a 55-year-old Florida woman , with prosecutors claiming her millionaire husband callously shot her while his lawyers characterized her death as a "  tragic " accident . After three days of jury selection , James "  Bob " Ward 's trial kicked off in Orlando with opening statements and testimony . Ward , 63 , is charged with second-degree murder over the September 21 , 2009 , death of his wife inside their upscale Windermere home . "  Diane Ward was killed by a single gunshot wound as she struggled with her husband over a loaded a gun , " the defendant 's attorney Kirk Kirkconnell said . "  This entire incident happened in a blink of an eye . Her death was an unexpected and tragic accident . " But prosecutors painted a very different picture , casting doubt on Ward 's unruffled demeanor and what they characterized as his ever-changing story of what happened . "  This case is about the fact that it was Bob Ward that shot her almost dead between the eyes , " said Assistant State Attorney Robin Wilkinson in her opening statement . She brought up the 911 call , placed at 7:50 p.m. that night , in which Ward called and flatly said , "  I just shot my wife . " But later in the call , according to Wilkinson , he started to change his story : "  It becomes an accident and he does n't know what happened ... Diane just ended up on the floor . " According to the arrest affidavit from Orange County Sheriff 's Office , the victim was found in the master bedroom -- "  a large pool of blood at the top of her head  and  a .357 Magnum hand gun  in  the top drawer of a nightstand next to the bed . " Ward told police that the couple were the only ones in the house at the time , besides their four dogs . Wilkinson also brought up how Ward acted upon arriving at the police station , during which investigators described him as "  calm , polite and not really in distress . " In several videos from an interrogation room -- which the prosecutor promised would be played in court -- Ward offered an array of stories in phone conversations with family and friends , from "  It was a tragic accident " to "  Diane killed herself . " The next day , medical examiner Joshua Stephany determined preliminarily that the mother of two college-age children had been killed in a homicide . Prosecutors , in opening statements , highlighted the financial troubles facing Ward -- who , along with his wife , had been set to testify in bankruptcy proceedings related to one of his companies a few days before the shooting . Kirkconnell , though , insisted that in no way did his client benefit from his wife 's death : "  From a financial standpoint , the death of Diane Ward ruined Bob Ward financially , " he said .	James "  Bob " Ward is charged with second-degree murder in wife 's death Prosecutors say he shot Diane Ward , then tried to change his story Defense says the "  tragic " death came after a struggle for a gun
CNN  -- Cricketer Zulqarnain Haider has ended his exile in Britain and returned to Pakistan after leaving his team during a series in which he claims he refused to fix a match . The wicket-keeper was pictured at Benazir International Airport in Islamabad by AFP on Monday after flying in from London , his base since November . He was also pictured with Pakistani Interior Minister Rehman Malik , who AFP said had assured Haider he would be safe to return to his homeland . Haider fled from the team 's base in Dubai prior to a one day international match with South Africa , telling CNN when he arrived in London that he feared reprisals over his decision . Upon his return to Pakistan he was quoted by AFP as saying : "  I am happy to return . There were solid reasons behind my going to London and I am sure everyone realized that no one can put his career at stake for nothing . "  I am happy the way I was given full security . I want to spend some time with my family and then meet PCB  Pakistan Cricket Board  chairman  Ijaz Butt  which I will share with you . " AFP also quoted Malik as saying : "  Haider will be given full security as promised . He is a citizen of Pakistan so there is no restriction on his movement . He has told us some facts which at this point of time we can not share with the media . " The Pakistan Cricket Board ripped up Haider 's contract after he left the team 's camp in the United Arab Emirates with the player applying for political asylum in the UK . He granted CNN an exclusive interview when he arrived in London , saying : "  I listened to people in Pakistan who talked about the match fixing -LSB- problem -RSB- , they said that a lot of people are involved and I felt threatened ... and very disappointed . "  I know I ca n't believe anyone . If you got threatened then you would then not believe people either . If I told anyone , they may have contact with these people -LSB- involved in match-fixing -RSB- , so this could cause a problem for my family in Pakistan and also me in Dubai . " Pakistan cricket has been dogged by allegations of corruption and three of Haider 's former teammates , Salman Butt , Mohammad Aamer and Mohammad Asif , were banned after the International Cricket Council found them guilty of "  spot-fixing . "	Zulqarnain Haider has returned to Pakistan after living in exile in Britain since November 2010 The cricketer claims he fled his team 's base in Dubai after refusing to fix a match Pakistani Interior Minister Rehman Malik assured Haider of his safety back in his homeland Haider said he was happy to be given full security on his return
Editor 's note : Ann Curley is the assignment manager for the CNN Medical News unit . She has been a type I diabetic for 40 years . This is her story of life with diabetes . Ann Curley uses a pump attached to a catheter in her body to monitor glucose levels and administer insulin . CNN  -- When I was 7 years old , my mom took me to the doctor because I had lost a lot of weight , despite a voracious appetite . My family had just moved from the San Francisco Bay Area to Pasadena , California , and this visit to the doctor 's office was my introduction to a man who would come to have a huge impact on my life . His name was Dr. Robert Deputy , and he was the pediatrician who diagnosed me with diabetes . He spoke to me directly , rather than to my mother , and he asked me questions : Did I feel thirsty ? Did I need to urinate during the night ? The answer to both questions was yes . He asked for a urine sample and the result was immediate . Dr. Deputy told me and my mother that my body was n't processing sugar properly . I had diabetes . That is how my 40-year journey with diabetes began . I was checked into a hospital to learn how to test my urine for sugar , give myself injections of insulin , follow a diabetic diet and control my diabetes . I spent several days in the hospital learning how to manage my disease , and then they sent me home . Dr. Deputy would call our house each afternoon to check on me and see how I was doing . Much to my parents ' chagrin -- and to my delight -- he wanted me to be self sufficient and responsible for monitoring myself . I refused to let my parents give me injections or test my urine . This demand for self sufficiency turned out to be one of my best life lessons , and not just for managing my diabetes . While some diabetics may feel their disease is a burden , I feel that being diagnosed with diabetes was a blessing in disguise . It forced our family to eat healthily , and it taught me about good nutrition -- something I practice every day . I know carbohydrate counts in most foods , and I understand dietary concepts that most people do n't even care about . Being active is also a way to burn off high blood sugar , so when my urine tested positive for glucose , my older sister Robin was in charge of exercising me . We had countless jump-rope contests , bike rides and roller-skating excursions , keeping me and my three sisters active and fit . And I felt like a little mad scientist , using a test tube with drops of water , urine and fizzy tablets to see if there was sugar in my urine . Fortunately , over time , technology improved . First , test strips were developed that could be dipped in urine to reveal whether sugar was present in it . But the truth is , testing urine for sugar was a primitive method . By the time sugar gets into the urine , it 's a signal that the body does n't have enough insulin to process sugar . And the urine test did n't give an actual number for the amount of sugar in the urine . It simply gave a color reading that corresponded with a range of how much sugar was present in the urine . Inaccurate was really an understatement when you talk about urine testing . Home blood glucose testing kits became available in the early 1980s , and they were a huge move toward precise control and management of diabetes . With the kit , the diabetic uses a device to poke a finger and produce a drop of blood . The blood is placed on a test strip that fits into a device that produces a reading of the blood glucose within seconds . While I initially balked at the idea of pricking my finger several times a day , now I ca n't imagine not doing it in order to monitor what my blood sugar is doing . The 1980s also saw the advent of the insulin pump . This device is the size of a pager and contains a reservoir filled with insulin . The reservoir connects to a tube that infuses the insulin into the body with a tiny plastic shunt . So rather than taking multiple injections to mimic the body 's insulin patterns , the pump drips insulin into the body to keep blood sugars constant , then gives extra amounts with meals . Another life-altering development in diabetes , which I have discovered in the last year , is the continuous glucose monitor , or CGM . This is a small device inserted into the tissue -- usually the abdomen , hip or leg -- and it has a tiny sensor that reads the glucose level of the body 's fluids . The data is transmitted to a receiver , and patients can see a constant reading of their blood sugar levels . I have participated in clinical trials for three different CGM devices , and I found them all to be quite accurate . Some sensors transmit data directly to an insulin pump , so you can use the reading to adjust and fine-tune the amount of insulin being pumped into the body . The patient still has to test his or her blood sugar to confirm the sensor is properly calibrated , but it 's amazing to be able to see constant readings and graphs of what your blood sugar is doing and better manage blood sugars . CGM technology is a step toward the ultimate goal of controlling type I diabetes using what 's called a "  closed loop system . " This means diabetics someday will be able to wear a pump that gathers data from a sensor so precise that the pump can be programmed to act on its own and make adjustments all by itself . The current systems are "  open looped , " meaning the diabetic controls when the doses are given . The goal is to eventually create a pump that is more like a robotic delivery system , and all the patient has to do is wear it . Once that technology is perfected , this type of device would be implanted , which would be the next best thing to not having diabetes . I mentioned to my sister Robin that I had tracked down Dr. Deputy for this article . She told me something I did n't know when I was 7 . Forty years ago , before the advent of all of the cool diabetes technology such as insulin pumps , continuous glucose monitors and blood sugar testing , parents were given a fairly grim prediction for how their child would fare . Dr. Deputy told my parents that I would probably only live to the age of 20 or 30 , which apparently -- but not surprisingly -- had the whole family freaked out . I spoke with Dr. Deputy , who recently retired from his pediatric practice , and he seemed to remember me . When I asked him about his dismal prognosis for my survival , he said sadly , "  At that time , that was what we told parents back then . ... Everything changes with time -- diabetes , leukemia -- technology has changed with the pump and the equipment . " I think he was relieved that his prognosis was wrong . I know that I certainly am . In fact , I am hoping to live another 40 years ! E-mail to a friend	CNN Medical Unit assignment manager Ann Curley is a type I diabetic She learned she had diabetes when she was 7 years old Testing progressed from fizzy tablets in urine to continuous glucose monitors With changes in technology have come improvements in prognoses
On Friday President Obama will address the nation about the NSA 's controversial surveillance programs . He is expected to announce some substantive changes to those programs which collect data about the phone calls of every American . After the first leaks by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden were published in June , Obama defended the NSA 's surveillance programs during a visit to Berlin , saying : "  We know of at least 50 threats that have been averted because of this information not just in the United States , but , in some cases , threats here in Germany . So lives have been saved . " Similarly , Gen. Keith Alexander , the director of the NSA , testified before Congress that "  the information gathered from these programs provided the U.S. government with critical leads to help prevent over 50 potential terrorist events in more than 20 countries around the world . " Rep. Mike Rogers , R-Michigan , chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , said on the House floor in July that 54 times the NSA programs "  stopped and thwarted terrorist attacks both here and in Europe -- saving real lives . " However , a New America Foundation review of the government 's claims about the role that NSA "  bulk " surveillance of phone and e-mail communications records has had in keeping the United States safe from terrorism found that these claims are overblown and even misleading . An in-depth analysis of 225 individuals recruited by al Qaeda or a like-minded group , or inspired by al Qaeda ideology , and charged in the United States with an act of terrorism since 9/11 , demonstrated that traditional investigative methods , such as the use of informants , tips from local communities , and targeted intelligence operations , provided the initial impetus for investigations in the majority of cases , while the contribution of NSA 's bulk surveillance programs to these cases was minimal . Click on the link to go to a database of all these 225 individuals and additional details about them and the government 's investigations of these cases . The controversial bulk collection of American telephone metadata , which includes the telephone numbers that originate and receive calls , as well as the time of those calls but not their content , under Section 215 of the PATRIOT Act , appears to have played an identifiable role in , at most , 1.8 % of these cases . This finding corrobrated that of the Obama-appointed White House review group who had access to classified materials that concluded in December that "  section 215 telephony meta-data was not essential to preventing attacks . " Our study also found that NSA programs involving the surveillance of non-U.S. persons outside of the United States under Section 702 of the FISA Amendments Act played a role in 4.4 percent of the terrorism cases we examined , and NSA surveillance under an unidentified authority played a role in 1.3 percent of cases we examined . In 27 percent of the cases we reviewed , court records and public reporting do not identify which specific methods initiated the investigation . These cases , involving 62 individuals , may have been initiated by an undercover informant , an undercover officer , a family member tip , other traditional law enforcement methods , CIA - or FBI-generated intelligence , NSA surveillance of some kind , or any number of other methods . Furthermore , our examination of the role of the database of U.S. citizens ' telephone metadata in the single plot the government uses to justify the importance of the program -- that of Basaaly Moalin , a San Diego cabdriver who in 2007 and 2008 provided $ 8,500 to Al-Shabaab , al Qaeda 's affiliate in Somalia -- calls into question the necessity of the Section 215 bulk collection program . According to the government , the database of American phone metadata allows intelligence authorities to quickly circumvent the traditional burden of proof associated with criminal warrants , thus allowing them to "  connect the dots " faster and prevent future 9/11-scale attacks . Yet in the Moalin case , after using the NSA 's phone database to link a number in Somalia to Moalin , the FBI waited two months to begin an investigation and wiretap his phone . This undercuts the government 's theory that the database of Americans ' telephone metadata is necessary to expedite the investigative process , since it clearly did n't expedite the process in the single case the government uses to extol its virtues . In sum , the surveillance of American phone metadata has had no discernible impact on preventing acts of terrorism and only the most marginal of impacts on preventing terrorist-related activity , such as fundraising for a terrorist group . Given that , what should the Obama administration do about the NSA 's phone data collection program , which keeps the phone data of all Americans for five years ? President Obama has a number of potential choices . The first is to continue the program as is . Another is to give the phone collection program to some kind of private third party entity , and another is to mandate that the phone companies keep the data . There are problems with all these approaches . The status quo is open to legal challenges . Judge Richard J. Leon of the District of Columbia ruled in December that the program likely violates the Constitution . Another federal judge , in New York , ruled in favor of the program a week later , so its legal fate might have to be determined by higher courts . Giving the data collection program to some kind of government-nominated private third party will likely be seen as just another way for the government to store the data . And the phone companies do n't want the costs and headaches of storing five years of data . There is another approach that should be considered , which is to abandon the bulk phone data collection program entirely and go back to the tried and true approach of having the government get a court order to look at a suspect 's phone records , rather than leaving that decision to the discretion of a group of anonymous officials at NSA , as is now the case . This hardly seems onerous . After all , since 1979 judges have only turned down 0.3 % of the requests they have received for warrants involving cases of suspected espionage or terrorism . But such a move would assure Americans that there was some sort of due process going on whenever their phone records are examined by the government . And this seems closer to the spirit of the Fourth Amendment , which guards against "  unreasonable searches , " than does the present system . Thanks to David Sterman and Emily Schneider for their research help .	Bergen : New America Foundation finds little value to mass surveillance program He says hardly any terrorism cases were found out or wrapped up as result of phone metadata President Obama is giving a speech about NSA surveillance Friday Bergen : Ending the mass collection of phone data is a good solution
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- An 88-year-old Maryland man with a long history of ties to white supremacist groups is the suspect in Wednesday 's fatal shooting at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum , two law enforcement officials told CNN . The Web site Holy Western Empire includes writings by James von Brunn and a biography . James W. von Brunn served six years in prison for trying to make what he called a "  legal , non-violent citizens arrest " of Federal Reserve Board members in 1981 -- a prison term he blamed on "  a Negro jury , Jew/Negro attorneys " and "  a Jew judge , " he said on his Web site , Holy Western Empire . "  He is in our files going back way into the 1980s , " said Heidi Beirich , a researcher for the Southern Poverty Law Center , based in Montgomery , Alabama . "  He has an extremely long history with neo-Nazis and white supremacists . He 's written extremely incendiary publications , raging about Jews , blacks and the like . " Von Brunn is a native of St. Louis , Missouri , and a 1943 graduate of Washington University there . According to his online biography , he served as a Navy officer in World War II and became an advertising artist and executive after the war . But by the late 1970s , Beirich told CNN , he had become a "  hard-core neo-Nazi " and an associate of William Pierce -- the white supremacist leader whose 1978 book , "  The Turner Diaries , " is blamed for inspiring Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh . Watch more about von Brunn 's history with neo-Nazis " In December 1981 , angered by what he called the "  treacherous and unconstitutional " acts of the Federal Reserve , von Brunn entered the central bank 's Washington headquarters armed with a pistol , a shotgun , a knife and a mock bomb , according to court records . He claimed to be a photographer who wanted to shoot pictures of the boardroom , and bolted up the stairs when security guards told him to wait . While being subdued , he claimed to have planted a bomb , which forced the building 's evacuation , court records state . He told officers he was upset over high interest rates -- then well into double digits -- and the state of the economy , which was in a recession . Von Brunn , then 62 , was sentenced to 11 years in prison on attempted kidnapping , second-degree burglary , assault and weapons charges . Read more about von Brunn 's criminal record In a December 1984 appeal , his court-appointed attorney , John Hogrogian , asked the court to release the defendant on bail , saying his client had "  renounced his actions of December 7 , 1981 , and expressed remorse in a letter addressed to this court . " Von Brunn has "  a young son and aches to see him again , " his lawyer wrote . His trial dealt extensively with Von Brunn 's "  attitudes about black and Jewish people , " which his lawyer said were irrelevant to the charges he was facing . Documents were read at trial in which von Brunn wrote , "  Goal : to deport all Jews and blacks from the white nations , " among other racist statements . In his testimony , he also said "  the basic plan was to wind up where I am now , " meaning in court to raise publicity for his campaign against the Federal Reserve . In a telephone interview with CNN , Hogrogian said that he never met von Brunn , since his client was serving his time in Ray Brook Federal Prison in upstate New York . He said that von Brunn had approached a guard at the Federal Reserve carrying a rifle , but put his rifle on the ground and surrendered when told that he would not be allowed entry . Hogrogian said he was surprised to hear Wednesday that his former client had shot anyone . "  I thought it was absolutely consistent with him to lay down his weapon , as he did in ' 81 , because he viewed himself as a man of honor , military code and all that kind of stuff . " Von Brunn had told him he served as a PT boat captain during World War II , Hogrogian said . Hogrogian , who now works for the New York City Law Department , said the two men often communicated via telephone . "  He was an intelligent guy , he was well-spoken , " he said . "  Did n't seem like a rabid kind of guy . He seemed sincere in his beliefs . " One of those beliefs was that the Federal Reserve was "  debasing the American currency and sapping America 's financial strength in the face of the communist threat , or something , " Hogrogian recalled . The appeal was based on the assertion that von Brunn 's lower-court conviction should have been thrown out , Hogrogian said . "  When he was arrested in 1981 , he had on his person a 12-page manifesto , which went into stuff about racial and ethnic stuff , " the lawyer said . "  That manifesto was read to the jury at his criminal trial , which I thought was unnecessary and inflammatory . ... There 's no way he could get a fair trial reading this manifesto to the jury . " In an unpublished opinion , the three-member panel on the court of appeals disagreed and upheld the lower court 's conviction of von Brunn . Though von Brunn did not attend Hogrogian 's oral argument before the D.C. Court of Appeals , several of von Brunn 's supporters did -- "  people who call themselves patriots , before they had militias and all that white supremacy stuff ... he called himself a patriot . That was his thing . " The lawyer said one of the "  patriots " approached him in a hallway of the courthouse and told him , "  I 'm a friend of Jim . When we watch the football game and they play the national anthem , he stands in the room and makes everyone else stand at attention . " The appeal was denied . Hogrogian said he could not remember whether von Brunn thanked him afterward , but did remember that von Brunn 's Web site accuses him of having made mistakes in the appeal . Asked whether he had done so , the 59-year-old responded , "  Well , I was a young lawyer . I did the best I could . " He added , "  The D.C. Court of Appeals found no mistakes . " Von Brunn 's Web site proclaims itself "  a new , hard-hitting expose of the Jew conspiracy to destroy the white gene-pool . " Postings attributed to von Brunn have appeared on numerous other sites , including ones that call the Holocaust and "  The Diary of Anne Frank " hoaxes and bemoan the decline of the "  Aryan gene pool . " Watch more about von Brunn 's Web site " "  Bit by bit Liberalism ascended . Bit by bit the Constitution was re-interpreted . Bit by bit government institutions and Congressmen fell into JEW hands -- then U.S. diplomacy , businesses , resources and manpower came under JEW control , " one such message reads . "  Whitemen sat on their collective asses and did NOTHING -- NOTHING BUT TALK . " More recently , messages attributed to von Brunn question the authenticity of President Obama 's birth certificate , the subject of numerous conspiracy theories . Advocates of those theories imply that Obama was born overseas and therefore would be constitutionally ineligible to hold office . Von Brunn was in critical condition Wednesday after being shot by a security guard at the museum . Another guard , Stephen Tyrone Johns , was killed in the shooting , museum officials said . Watch witness describe shooting " Washington police and the FBI said the shooting appeared to have been the work of a single gunman , and there was no prior indication of the attack . CNN 's Bill Mears and Steve Turnham contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect 's previous lawyer : He "  did n't seem like a rabid kind of guy " James von Brunn , 88 , served six years for entering Fed with guns , mock bomb Upset over interest rates , he said he wanted to arrest board members "  Incendiary " writings attributed to von Brunn appear on sites calling Holocaust a hoax
Casablanca , Morocco  CNN  -- King Mohammed VI of Morocco declared sweeping constitutional reforms Friday that will boost the power of the prime minister and take away some of his own . Morocco 's revamped draft constitution will make officials more accountable , the parliament in Rabat more dynamic and will give the government greater powers , the 47-year-old king said in a nationally televised address . In the 30-minute speech , the sovereign described the draft constitution as "  a bedrock of the special Moroccan democratic development model -- a new historical bond between the throne and the people , " while describing himself as a "  citizen king . " His actions followed a series of unprecedented protests not seen before in this North African modern Muslim country , where street protests are normally tolerated by the state , unlike in most other Arab countries . If the draft is ratified in a referendum set for July 1 , its most radical change would be empowering voters to select a prime minister , thereby ending the longstanding practice in which the king has selected his own man for the job . The prime minister has tended to take his lead from the sovereign on key matters of state . If Moroccans back the draft , then the new prime minister would have new powers in decision-making and in day-to-day management -- relieving the king of a number of duties and aligning the style of management along the lines followed by some European Union countries . In an example of power sharing , the draft constitution empowers the prime minister to dissolve the House of Representatives , and stresses that the king shall consult him before announcing the dissolution of parliament . "  It specifies the conditions to be observed in each case in order to ensure the separation of powers as well as balance and cooperation between the branches , " the king said . Friday 's speech stems from a process that was first announced in March , after widespread civil unrest in the wake of the revolutions in Tunisia and Egypt . The king instructed a hand-picked committee to consult with political parties , trade unions and civil society groups on constitutional changes with a brief to trim the monarch 's political powers and make the judiciary independent . But not all civil society groups were consulted , which sparked a wave of demonstrations across the kingdom from groups who feared they would be left out of the new plan . This move alone -- to grant real power to an elected prime minister -- could satisfy a number of demands from those members of society who have called for change . Confirming the full authority of the head of government over cabinet members , the draft constitution gives the prime minister the power to propose and dismiss cabinet members . "  This is good news as the power of the prime minister will be greater than before , " commented Jihad Oufargi , a leader of Fevrier 20 , Morocco 's Facebook youth movement , after watching the speech in a crowded cafe in the center of Casablanca . "  Now the prime minister can change any minister who he sees is not doing his job properly . It was not like that before . " But King Mohammed will remain a key power-broker in the security , military and religious fields , according to the draft . For example , the king would still serve as "  the supreme commander of the armed forces " and would not relinquish the power to appoint ambassadors and diplomats under the new constitution . Furthermore , the king would retain the power to dissolve parliament after consultations with the new constitutional court , half of whose members he would have appointed . The blueprint also takes the first steps toward making the judiciary independent -- a hot subject in Morocco , where judges are aligned to political parties and appointed by the king himself and so -- according to critics -- are seldom guided exclusively by law in their rulings . And the country will remain a Muslim state , though Moroccans in theory will be free to practice other faiths , since freedom of religion is supposed to be guaranteed under the constitution . Unlike other Arab countries , Morocco has a large Jewish community , whose members have been free to worship as they wish . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this story .	Moroccans will vote for the constitution in a referendum slated for July 1 King Mohammed 's role would be that of "  citizen king " Mohammed says the constitution will guarantee independence of the judiciary Human rights would be safeguarded by the constitution
Health.com  -- Roughly 20 % of the antibiotic prescriptions written in the United States for adults each year are for sinus infections . That 's an impressive statistic , given that doctors and public health officials have long doubted that antibiotics can successfully treat the condition . A new study , published this week in the Journal of the American Medical Association , appears to confirm those doubts : The antibiotic amoxicillin was no better than placebo at improving the congestion , cough , runny nose , pain , and other symptoms that accompany sinus infections  also known as acute sinusitis  , researchers found . "  Compared to placebo , amoxicillin does n't seem to provide any benefits , " says lead author Jane Garbutt , an associate professor at the Washington University School of Medicine , in St. Louis . "  In terms of patient satisfaction , side effects , symptom relief , days missed from work , et cetera , we did not see any difference . " Health.com : Is it a cold ? Or a sinus infection ? Most sinus infections are caused by viruses , which do n't respond to antibiotics . But even bacterial sinus infections rarely require antibiotic treatment , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . In most cases , both types of infection go away on their own in less than two weeks . "  Most patients get better despite antibiotics , not because of them , " says Garbutt . "  There is a high rate of spontaneous resolution . " Antibiotics would be more useful if doctors were able to distinguish between viral and bacterial sinusitis . But general practitioners have no tests at their disposal that reliably diagnose bacterial infections , Garbutt says , and in the study she and her colleagues were unable to identify any symptoms or other markers that predicted which patients would respond to antibiotics . "  The problem for primary care physicians is figuring out which patients would benefit , " she says . Health.com : How to tell if you need an antibiotic The study included 166 people with moderate or severe sinus infections . Half of the participants took amoxicillin three times a day for 10 days , and the other half took a placebo on the same schedule . In addition , every patient was given acetaminophen , cough medicine , and decongestants to use as needed . The two groups of patients improved at approximately the same rate . By day three , just over one-third of those in each group reported a lessening of their symptoms , a proprotion that increased to roughly 80 % in each group by day 10 . The patients taking antibiotics did feel measurably better than the placebo group on day seven , but the researchers did not consider the difference to be clinically  as opposed to statistically  significant . On that day , the difference in the two groups ' quality of life -- as measured by a scale appropriately named SNOT-16 -- was negligible , the study notes . Health.com : 10 products that can ease sinus symptoms The results reinforce what many doctors have suspected , even if they 've continued to prescribe antibiotics to sinusitis patients , says Daniel Merenstein , M.D. , an assistant professor of family medicine at Georgetown University Medical Center , in Washington , D.C. "  We do n't practice it , but we do know it , " he says . "  This study might help us give out fewer antibiotics . " The main reason doctors continue to prescribe antibiotics is that patients have come to expect them , Garbutt and her colleagues note . One way of satisfying patients without overusing antibiotics , Garbutt says , is to give them a prescription but advise them not to fill it unless their symptoms persist or worsen -- a protocol that 's become popular in Europe . Garbutt says it 's also vital that doctors talk to their patients about which treatments work , which do n't , and why . "  You have to have some communication plan , " she says . "  You need to provide information about what they should expect and what to do if their condition deteriorates . " Health.com : Surprising causes of sinus trouble Patient expectations are n't the only driver of antibiotic use for sinus infections , however . Mark Shikowitz , M.D. , director of the Zucker Nasal and Sinus Center at North Shore -- Long Island Jewish Health System , in New Hyde Park , New York , says some doctors prescribe the drugs to guard against the very rare chance that a sinus infection will progress to something much worse , such as a brain abscess , a bundle of cells that can develop following a bacterial infection . "  The chances are quite small , but the outcome if it does happen can be catastrophic , " Shikowitz says . "  And behind every bad outcome is a medical malpractice attorney . " Some doctors will be reluctant to withhold or discourage antibiotics until physician organizations formally adopt the conservative approach advocated by Garbutt and her colleagues as the new standard of care , he says . The overuse of antibiotics for sinusitis has important public-health implications in light of the growing concerns about antibiotic-resistant bacteria and viruses . Widespread antibiotic use can lead the infectious organisms that cause disease to adapt a defense , making the drug less effective in the population overall . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Doctors still prescribing antibiotics for sinus infections , despite evidence they do n't work Antibiotic amoxicillin was no better than placebo at improving symptoms Even bacterial sinus infections rarely require antibiotic treatment , the CDC says
Washington  CNN  -- A key whistle-blower in the intensifying scandal over wait times at veterans hospitals took issue on Sunday with an initial internal review that downplayed the number of people who may have died while waiting for care . The comments came as the embattled Veterans Affairs secretary received tepid support from some critics of the department 's handling of a chronic problem across many of the VA 's care facilities . VA Secretary Eric Shinseki has been at the center of political debate over accountability since CNN began reporting on delays in medical appointments suffered by veterans across the country , including some who died or were seriously injured . The VA requires its hospitals to provide care to patients in a timely manner , typically within 14 to 30 days . CNN first reported as many as 40 veterans died waiting for appointments at the Phoenix Veterans Affairs Health Care system , according to sources inside the hospital and a doctor who worked there . Many of those veterans were placed on a secret waiting list , the sources said . The department 's acting inspector general told a House panel Thursday , "  The number 40 that 's been widely quoted in the press does not represent the total numbers of veterans that we 're looking at . " "  The initial list that we were given , we have gone through and there are only 17 names on that list , " said Richard Griffin . "  Our review to date -- and we have more work to do on this because we want to have more than one set of eyes look at all of the records -- but on those 17 , we did n't conclude , so far , that the delay caused the death . It 's one thing to be on a waiting list , and it 's another thing to conclude that as a result of being on the waiting list , that 's the cause of death . " It 's unclear if any of those 17 names were among the deaths reported by CNN , and Griffin acknowledged that "  multiple lists " exist . "  But there are also other people who have come through the Congress , who have come through the media , who have come through our hot line , so we have multiple lists , none of them identical , " Griffin testified Thursday . Dr. Samuel Foote , who made his allegations first to CNN , disputed Griffin 's testimony about the department 's initial conclusions . "  The original allegation was 40 people died while waiting for care . And they were advertising waiting times of 30 to 55 days when in fact they were more like six to seven months . And we had no way of reviewing these charts , " said Foote on "  Fox News Sunday . " "  So , we never said they died because of this . We just made the point that at least 40 veterans we felt had died while waiting . " Foote has said the larger problem was the VA lied about it and fudged the numbers . "  They 've been cheating about this , " he said . "  The cheating has gone on for a long time . " The VA has previously admitted that 23 veterans passed away because of delays , and 53 others had adverse health effects at VA facilities across the country . Sources now tell CNN the Office of Inspector General is investigating in six states , including Arizona . Shinseki also testified before a House committee and said he had no intention of stepping down , but a top department official did so a day later . Dr. Robert Petzel , undersecretary for health in the Department of Veterans Affairs , had appeared before the congressional panel alongside the secretary . Foote , among others , applauded that move . But as far as Shinseki 's status , Foote said the secretary for now should stay . "  If we switch secretaries then the focus will get away from fixing the problem to who 's the new secretary going to be , " he said . "  And then he 'll have three - or six-month or a nine-month grace period because he 's the new guy . Our best bet at this point is to keep the  current  secretary on board , but I think the President needs to keep him on a pretty short leash and be sure that he 's doing the job . " That was echoed by a leading veterans group . "  We demand swift accountability , " said Ryan Gallucci , a deputy director at the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States , on "  Fox News Sunday . " "  The families who have been affected by these allegations need justice and need it quickly . " Other leading groups have taken a harder stance , reiterating calls for a sweeping change at the top of the department 's leadership . "  We called for the secretary and two undersecretaries to step down , " said Dan Dellinger , national commander of the American Legion , on CBS 's "  Face the Nation . " He noted Petzel was already scheduled to retire this year , and a replacement had earlier been nominated . "  This seems to us to be business as usual . We have n't seen that proactive versus reactive culture of change we 'd like to see . " Foote told CNN earlier that the Phoenix VA had been keeping secret lists of delayed appointments , while providing top officials with sham figures . "  They would n't take you off that secret list until you had an appointment time that was less than 14 days so it would give the appearance that they were improving greatly the waiting times , " Foote , who worked at the facility for 24 years , said last month in an exclusive interview . "  So then when they did that , they would report to Washington , ` Oh , yeah . We 're making our appointments within 10 days , within the 14-day frame , ' when in reality it had been six , nine , in some cases 21 months . " The White House has tried to manage the crisis , repeating in recent days the President 's earlier order that Shinseki conduct a review of the Veterans Health Administration 's practices at its facilities . "  The President is madder than hell , and I 've got the scars to prove it , given the briefings I 've given the President , the conversations that we have had on these matters , " said White House chief of staff Denis McDonough on CBS 's "  Face the Nation . " "  At the same time that we 're looking at accountability we want to continue to perform to provide our veterans the services that they have earned . " But the American Legion says Obama himself has been missing in action . "  We need the White House , the President to come forward . He needs to make a statement to show the employees of VA that this needs to change now , " said Dellinger . "  One death is tragic , but when you hide it , that 's unforgivable . " Shinseki told lawmakers last week the incidents were "  isolated , " but CNN sources relate another story -- that the VA inspector general 's office has been investigating allegations in at least half a dozen states . Sources have told CNN investigative correspondent Drew Griffin that other whistle-blowers have come forward from across the country , saying their offices manipulate wait times as well . The VA has admitted 23 people in nine states have died because of delayed care -- many of them veterans who were forced to wait too long for simple tests like colonoscopies or endoscopies . Rights group calls VA official ` scapegoat ' in scandal over wait times , care VA clinic employee on leave after e-mail about manipulating appointments CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Drew Griffin , and Mary Grace Lucas contributed to this report	Dr. Samuel Foote stands by his charge that 40 veterans died waiting for care But he says VA chief Shinseki should stay , to avoid upheaval of appointing a new secretary American Legion calls for Shinseki 's resignation , wants to hear more from Obama White House chief of staff says Obama is "  madder than hell " about VA scandal
CNN  -- Distribution of food , seed and medical relief intended for drought victims in Somalia has been suspended , the International Committee of the Red Cross announced Thursday . The aid intended for up to 1.1 million people has been held up because local authorities blocked distribution of ICRC food and seed relief in the Middle Shabelle and Galgaduud regions in central and southern Somalia , according to a statement by the organization . "  We are actively seeking the cooperation of the local authorities to restore conditions that will allow the resumption of the suspended activities as soon as possible , " said Patrick Vial , the head of the ICRC delegation for Somalia . According to the ICRC statement , the organization has distributed food relief to more than 1 million people and agricultural support to more than 100,000 farmers . In addition , the ICRC has helped treat more than 170,000 severely malnourished children and made health care more available in remote areas , the statement said . Last month , two attacks on aid workers in Somalia killed five people -- two from Medecins Sans Frontieres , also known as Doctors Without Borders , and three from the U.N. World Food Programme . The African Union Mission in Somalia , known as AMISOM , is trying to consolidate power for Somalia 's weak transitional federal government in Mogadishu , the capital , where Islamic militants had been especially active in their battle against that government . AMISOM forces reported in late December they had successfully pushed the Al-Shabaab movement out of Mogadishu . Al-Shabaab is linked to al Qaeda and is considered a terrorist group by the United States .	The aid is intended to help more than 1 million drought victims The ICRC says local authorities block aid distribution in central and southern areas Five international aid workers were killed in attacks in Somalia in December
MORROW , Georgia  CNN  -- Jobless for nearly a year , Michael Rivers was about to walk out of his house a few weeks ago to catch the bus for another daylong employment hunt when a radio announcement stopped him . With Ludacris at her side , single mom Joya Montgomery , 26 , proudly displays keys to her car Sunday . "  This is Ludacris , and I 'm giving away 20 free cars . ... " The famous rapper was pulling an Oprah in his hometown of Atlanta , Georgia . The rapper announced that if listeners were able to pay the taxes , registration , tags and insurance , they should go to his nonprofit Ludacris Foundation Web site and write 300 words about why they deserved new wheels . "  And make it good , " Luda warned . Watch Ludacris talk about his "  stimulus " plan " Four thousand people took him up on his challenge , and in a few days , more than 2,000 essays poured into the Nissan South dealership in Morrow , Georgia , that had teamed with the rapper on the used-car giveaway . See and hear the winners tell their stories " Rivers ' essay was among them . "  I did n't even wait ; I just continued out that door to the community center , sat at a computer and let all my emotions come out , " he said . Rivers described riding the city bus with his 14-year-old daughter to make sure she arrived safely at school and how he recently celebrated the small victory of getting his 17-year-old autistic son , who ca n't tolerate crowds , to stand calmly for a few moments outside the bus stop . He does n't live near a grocery store so he has to bring home the food he can carry on the bus . Rivers was laid off from his job as a court clerk in the summer of 2008 , and making job interviews on time is n't easy when the bus is often late . But on Sunday afternoon , Rivers was giddy , slightly bouncing as he spoke . He stood shoulder to shoulder among the 20 winners and their friends and families waiting to see their cars . "  I do n't care what it is , " Rivers said . "  I 'm grateful for any car with four wheels because it beats two heels . " Winners received 30 days of free gas , which will be a big help to Joya Montgomery , a 26-year-old single parent of a 4-year-old , 8-year-old and 3-month-old . She has been waking before 5 a.m. and walking to the bus stop , while it 's dark , with her children to begin a long journey to her job and to drop them off at school or a friend 's home . "  It was scary at times , " she said . "  You do n't even know who 's out there . I was always looking over my shoulder . "  I just ca n't believe I won . I 'm real happy . " In the parking lot , the crowd was dancing . But the bass of Ludacris ' latest single blasting from the dealership 's loudspeakers was secondary inspiration for one Atlanta grandmother . Fifty-one-year-old Vermelle Jackson was so excited to have a 2005 Mercury Sable to drive around grandchildren , nieces and nephews that she swiveled her hips around and dipped it shockingly low to the ground . "  Lord Jesus . ... He brought this car to me , baby ! " she shouted , arms raised . "  This is God 's work ! " Actually , the giveaway idea came from Chris White , the jovial , hand-shaking manager of Nissan South . "  I knew someone who knew someone who knew Luda and , you know , we just made it happen , " White said . The concept seemed like a winner for everyone . Like many dealerships , Nissan South has not yet been reimbursed for the money it spent upfront during the federal government 's Cash for Clunkers program that allowed customers to trade in older cars for $ 3,500 or $ 4,500 credit . When the popular program ended August 24 , the car dealer did n't want to turn away customers who kept streaming in , expecting to get the same discounts . So Nissan South continued giving customers identical low rates and taking their used cars . The Cash for Clunkers program and the continued discounts totaled nearly $ 800,000 in the hole for the dealership , said owner Scott Smith . "  We 're grateful for the Clunkers program because it really helped business , but it 's a lot of money to be without , " he said . At the end of the year , the cars given away under the Luda program , which were not technically acquired during the Clunkers program , may be eligible as charity tax write-offs . "  We like to think of it as not being about the write-offs , " White said . "  It 's more like we had a chance to do something positive in the community that is going through a really hard time right now . " White helped place a few radio spots and within two days , more than 2,000 essays had been sent in . That number quickly shot to close to 4,000 . Ludacris and his mother , Roberta Shields , who directs his foundation and helped give away the cars Sunday , and the rapper 's foundation staff of about a dozen helped read the essays . To validate the stories they found most compelling , they made phone calls and interviewed people who knew the finalists . "  We ended up calling a homeless shelter to reach one gentleman whose cell phone had gone out , and he was recharging it , " Shields said . "  We did n't know if we 'd get ahold of him , but we finally did . All he wanted was a car to help him go out for job interviews . " Ludacris was particularly moved by the story of a Sudanese refugee who has experienced every hardship imaginable , the least of which was a broken-down car . The two sat down Sunday and had a long talk . "  That 's one of those stories that really had me like , man , I thought I had faced some adversities in life , " the rapper said in a quiet moment away from the crowd . "  But I 've not faced adversities at all compared to what he 's been through . I can not imagine going through what he 's gone through and still be that strong . " Mading Duor , who escaped civil war and was providing for his four children on a school maintenance worker 's salary , was crossing a street in Decatur , Georgia , when a driver ignored a crosswalk and hit and killed his 4-year-old son . Karen McCrea , who attends church with Duor , wrote the winning essay . "  I do n't expect anyone to understand -LSB- what I have been through -RSB- , but I know that people come to me with a good heart now , " he said . "  I could n't believe it when she called me to tell me . I said , ` You are kidding ! It can not be ! ' " Neither McCrea , from Atlanta 's affluent Buckhead area , nor Duor , neatly dressed in a shirt buttoned to the collar , seemed like Ludacris ' demographic . They nodded their heads to his music anyway , smiling . "  Oh , I know his music , I know it , yes , " Duor said . "  I will play it -LSB- in my car -RSB- . "	Some 4,000 essays received after dealership partners with rapper for giveaway Atlanta-raised celebrity gives used cars to single mom , laid-off worker , refugee Program also is way for dealership possibly to write off cars as charity
CNN  -- Netflix and Amazon are adding new titles to their streaming options in July . From classics to episodes of brand new series , it 's all here for your viewing pleasure with this month 's schedule of releases : Here ' s what to look for on Netflix : July 1 : "  12 Angry Men "  1957 "  Bad Santa "  2003 "  Basic Instinct "  1992 "  Boyz N the Hood "  1991 "  City of God "  2002 "  Dead Man Walking "  1995 "  Fever Pitch "  1997 "  Funny Face "  1957 "  Gandhi "  1982 "  Honey , I Shrunk the Kids "  1989 "  Legends of the Fall "  1994 "  Patton "  1970 "  Philadelphia "  1993 "  Primal Fear "  1996 "  Star Trek VI : The Undiscovered Country "  1991 "  The Karate Kid "  1984 "  The Karate Kid II "  1986 "  The Karate Kid III "  1989 "  The Manchurian Candidate "  2004 "  The Parent Trap "  1998 "  Under the Tuscan Sun "  2003 "  Winnie the Pooh : Springtime with Roo "  2004 July 4 : "  Knights of Sidonia : Season 1 "  2014 July 6 : "  Renoir "  2012 July 9 : "  Homefront "  2013 "  Out of the Furnace "  2013 July 11 : "  Hemlock Grove : Season 2 "  2014 "  The Battered Bastards of Baseball "  2014 July 12 : "  Sleeping Beauty "  2014 July 14 : "  Hitch "  2005 "  The Master "  2012 "  The Last Days "  2013 July 17 : "  Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures : Season 1 " July 18 : "  Baby Daddy : Season 3 " "  Melissa & Joey : Season 3 " July 19 : "  Hell on Wheels : Season 3 " July 24 : "  Lost Girl : Season 4 " July 26 : "  Christmas with the Kranks "  2004 "  Continuum : Season 3 " And here 's what to look for on Amazon : July 1 : "  Peg + Cat seasons 1 and 2 " "  Daniel Tiger 's Neighborhood seasons 2 and 3 " "  Fireman Sam : Season 2 " "  Harvesting the High Plains "  2012 "  City of God "  2002 "  Annie Hall "  1977 "  Jersey Girl "  2004 "  Patton "  1970 "  Phantoms "  1998 "  Bad Santa "  2003 "  State Fair "  1945 "  Star Trek : The Motion Picture "  1979 "  Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan "  1982 "  Louis CK : Hilarious "  2010 "  The Bad News Bears "  1976 "  The Bible "  1966 "  Invasion of the Body Snatchers "  1956 "  Broken Arrow "  1950 "  Body of Evidence "  1993 "  At Close Range "  1986 "  Uncommon Valor "  1983 "  Two Family House "  2000 "  Manhunter "  1986 "  Delta Force "  1995 "  Primal Fear "  1996 July 4 : "  Under the Dome " Season 2 Episode 1 "  Brody Stevens : Enjoy It " Season 1 July 5 : "  Black Rock "  2012 "  Kinky Boots "  2005 July 6 : "  Renoir "  2012 July 11 : "  Under the Dome " Season 2 Episode 2 July 13 : "  Extant " Season 1 Episode 1 July 17 : "  Dwight Howard : In the Moment " July 18 : "  Under the Dome " Season 2 Episode 3 July 20 : "  Extant " Season 1 Episode 2 July 27 : "  Extant " Season 1 Episode 3 July 29 : "  Are You the One ? " Season 1 July 30 : "  Faking It " Season 1 July 31 : "  Stigmata "  1999 "  America Unearthed " Season 1 "  American Pickers " Season 5 "  American Restoration " Season 4 "  America 's Book of Secrets " Season 2 "  An Amish Murder "  2013 "  Ax Men " Season 6 "  Betty & Coretta "  2013 "  Cajun Pawn Stars S. 3 & S. 4 "  Catering Wars " Season 1 "  Celebrity Ghost Stories " Season 7 "  Counting Cars " Season 1 "  Dear Mom , Love Cher "  2013 "  I Survived " Season 5 "  Intervention ' Seasons 13 and 14 "  Jodi Arias : Dirty Little Secret "  2013 "  Lewis Black : Old Yeller-Live at the Borgata "  2013 "  Parking Wars " Season 6 "  Pawn Stars " Season 7 "  Preachers ' Daughters " Season 1 "  Pretty Wicked Moms " Season 1 "  Ring of Fire "  2013 "  Shipping Wars " Seasons 2 and 3 "  Swamp People " Season 4 "  The Killer Speaks " Season 1 "  Twist of Faith "  2013	Amazon and Netflix have new offerings for July There are several TV shows , films and specials Two new CBS shows will be streaming
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- U.S. swimmer Michael Phelps broke the Olympics ' most hallowed record Sunday by winning an unprecedented eight gold medals in a single Games . Left to right : Brendan Hansen , Aaron Piersol and Michael Phelps celebrate Sunday 's historic win . In modern Olympic history , no athlete has accomplished that feat . Until now , U.S. swimmer Marc Spitz 's seven gold medals in the 1972 Games was the number to beat . Phelps tied Spitz 's record on Saturday in the 100-meter butterfly , winning by 0.01 of a second . On Sunday , he took part in the butterfly leg of the 4x100-meter medley relay for the U.S. team -- and swam into the history books , 36 years after Spitz 's wins . "  What he did was and still is an amazing feat , and will always be an amazing accomplishment for the swimming world and also the Olympics , " Phelps said of Spitz . But , he added , "  I 've said it all along , I want to be the first Michael Phelps , not a second Mark Spitz . " And in 17 swims over nine days at the Summer Olympic Games in Beijing , he became just that . Eight events . Eight gold . Seven world records , including breaking his own world mark in three of them . The only one where he did n't best the world time was in the 100-meter butterfly . Phelps , the hands-down favorite coming into the Games , won the 400-meter individual medley ; the 200-meter freestyle ; the 200-meter butterfly ; the 4X200-meter freestyle relay ; the 200-meter individual medley and the 100-meter butterfly . In the 4X100-meter freestyle relay , teammate Jason Lezak trailed by almost six-tenths of a second when he entered the pool for his anchor leg . But he blazed to victory and helped keep Phelps ' pursuit intact . And on Sunday , a final victory in the 4X100-meter medley relay sealed the deal . "  Every moment that I 've had so far in and out of the pool will be with me forever , " he said . "  This has been one of the greatest weeks of my life , if not the greatest . " President Bush , at his ranch near Crawford , Texas , called Phelps Sunday morning . According to White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe , Bush told Phelps , "  Laura and I are proud of you . Our family is proud of you , but most importantly , America is proud of you . We 're excited for you . You handled yourself with humility . Give your mom a big hug for me . ' 41 ' and I were honored to get a picture with her . "  The number 41 refers to Bush 's father George H.W. Bush , the 41st president . Sunday 's win brings Phelps ' total Olympic gold medal count to 14 . And while many were quick to proclaim Phelps the greatest Olympian of all time , he has some ways to go . Larissa Latynina , a gymnast for the former Soviet Union , still holds the record for the most Olympic medals : 18  9 of them gold  won in the ' 56 , '60 and '64 Games . But Phelps is 23 , and likely not yet peaked . Consider his evolution : At 15 , Phelps competed in the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney , Australia , placing fifth in the 200-meter butterfly . The following year , he broke the world record for the event , becoming -- at age 15 years and 9 months -- the youngest male ever to set a swimming world record . When the Olympics came around again in 2004 -- hosted in Athens , Greece -- Phelps won six gold medals . This year , he won eight . "  Records are always made to be broken no matter what they are , " he told reporters . "  Anybody can do anything that they set their mind to . " And after a vacation where "  I wont ' do anything , " Phelps said he 's setting himself some loftier goals . "  There are some things that I still want to do , " he said . "  I want to raise the bar in the sport of swimming more . It 's come a long way . And I think it can go even farther . "  That 's where I hope to take it . Even farther . " CNN 's Christine Theodorou contributed to this report .	American Michael Phelps wins historic eighth gold medal in single Olympic Games Phelps ' accomplishment breaks record that has stood since 1972 U.S. swimming team wins 4x400 medley relay in world record
Dokdo/Takeshima  CNN  -- Catching a glimpse of the disputed islands in the distance , you ca n't help but wonder how such unremarkable rocks have soured diplomatic relations for so many decades . The rocky , unforgiving terrain reflects the current relationship between the two protagonists , South Korea and Japan . Seoul calls the islands Dokdo , Tokyo calls them Takeshima . Both countries claim them , Seoul controls them . And the public relations battle to win international support is in full swing . The South Korean government organized a helicopter trip to the territory Thursday , inviting CNN as well as other international media , in a move that angered Tokyo . In a statement to CNN , Japan 's Foreign Ministry called the trip "  extremely regrettable and totally unacceptable . " Read : Why Asia is arguing over its islands Japan says South Korea is illegally occupying the islands . The police presence is the first thing you notice when you touch down . South Korea has had armed guards stationed on the island since the 1950s . The head of the Dokdo guards , Lee Gwang-seup says , "  Japan wants to take our land by force . This has been our land since ancient times and we have to protect it . " Tokyo recently asked Seoul to resolve the matter diplomatically by referring it jointly to the International Court of Justice in the Hague , but Seoul refused , saying there was no question of sovereignty . Japan may now apply to the Hague unilaterally . Read : Disputed islands : Who claims what ? Kim Sung-do is 71 years old . He and his wife are the only permanent residents here . When I ask him if life is hard on an island that can be cut off from the outside world for weeks at a time in bad weather , he simply says , "  I chose to come here , so I ca n't complain . And what is there to complain about ? Everywhere you look you see fish . " These waters are rich fishing grounds , the reason Kim visited so often since the 1970s before moving here in 1991 . There are also believed to be gas reserves here . No one knows how large the reserves might be , but they 're potentially big enough to merit a diplomatic spat . And then the tourists arrive . Police salute the daily ferry as it docks in the tiny port . Once the gangway is in place , more than 100 visitors swarm onto the island , some carrying Korean flags , others shouting with joy as their feet touch the ground . It 's a patriotic duty for some , a religious experience for others . One group of Christians gathers in a circle to pray , giving thanks for being allowed to visit . But the visit is brief , 20 minutes later they are herded back onto the ferry , but not before telling the assembled journalists how much the visit means to them . Kevin Kim , 40 , says , "  I 'm a native of Korea and an American citizen , but in my blood I 'm Korean ... I feel so great to be here ... It really makes me upset when Japan claims this island , it 's absurd , and it should not be tolerated . " Others talk of their joy at making this pilgrimage and showing their support for South Korea 's claim on the islands . But despite a choreographed visit designed to show Seoul 's side of the story , the dispute shows no signs of waning . In fact , the trip itself looks like a fresh chapter of tension in a dispute that has raged between the two neighbors for decades . CNN 's K. J. Kwon contributed to this report .	South Korea and Japan claim the islands Seoul calls Dokdo and Tokyo calls Takeshima S. Korea has had armed guards stationed on the rocky outcrop since the 1950s Located in rich fishing grounds , the area around the islands may also contain gas reserves Tourist ferries arrive frequently , swarming with people carrying South Korean flags
Financial Times  -- Until very recently , nouveau riche Chinese would not have been caught dead buying someone else 's cast-offs -- even if they were Hermès . But as the Chinese market , which many luxury goods companies have come to rely on for growth in recent years , matures , a new brand of luxury shopper is emerging in China : the kind that loves a bargain more than a logo . Shops selling , renting and repairing second-hand luxury goods are springing up across China , along with branches of high-end consignment shops from Japan and Hong Kong that buy and sell second-hand goods , paying the seller a commission . Milan Court was one of the first pre-owned luxury stores in Shanghai when it opened eight years ago . But its owner Liu Lian says she only recently started putting her logo on the store 's shopping bags because consumers used to be ashamed to be caught buying used goods . There are now signs that the stigma is melting away . Since 2009 , Milan Court has posted double-digit annual sales growth , and the shop has hundreds of bags for sale , many on consignment from individuals . Ms Liu has opened six shops in Shanghai and plans to expand to other provinces . Nidia Yuan , a regular customer of Milan Court , likes the fact she can purchase unused bags at the shop for 20-30 per cent less than retail . "  I do n't mind people knowing that I carry second-hand bags , " Ms Yuan says . "  I think it is worth it to buy at those prices " . The second-hand shops should not be confused with the kind of high street thrift shops found in London or New York . Ju Geng , a second-hand shop in Shanghai 's chic French concession , has shelves packed with new or barely used Gucci , Louis Vuitton and Hermès bags . They range in price from Rmb2 ,000  $ 320  for the cheapest Gucci to Rmb400 ,000 for a crocodile Birkin from Hermès . Just down the road at Ms Liu 's Milan Court -- housed in a European-style villa with a sun-filled garden -- the crocodile Birkin is still top of the price chain at Rmb300 ,000 . At one branch of Japanese second-hand chain Brand Off in Shanghai 's French concession , a Hermès Birkin with a child 's drawing in black marker filling one entire side was priced at Rmb90 ,000 . Ms Liu and her competitors say the people selling them handbags are not in it for the money , unlike in the west where consumers liquidate luxury items in times of economic distress . Even now , when economic growth on the mainland has slowed to 7.4 per cent , no one is emptying their closets of Gucci to feed the children . Jo Zhou , manager of Ju Geng , says the popularity of luxury thrift stores has more to do with growing sophistication than with desperation . As Chinese consumers who once thought they were too rich to buy used goods travel more , they become familiar with foreign concepts such as second-hand shops . The rise of the second-hand stores also reflects a profound shift in the taste of mainland luxury consumers . Ms Zhou says shoppers from less developed fashion markets outside Shanghai still come to her shop looking for logo-heavy products such as Gucci or Louis Vuitton . But Shanghai shoppers "  prefer to be more low profile , " she says , noting that their favourite brands are Bottega Veneta , Prada , Céline and Hermès . The buyers are getting younger too : many are students , white collar workers at the start of their careers , or even younger , says Ms Liu of Milan Court . Additional reporting by Yan Zhang in Shanghai © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Until very recently , nouveau riche Chinese would not have been caught dead buying cast-offs A new brand of luxury shopper is emerging : the kind that loves a bargain more than a logo .
An ocean at least as large as Lake Superior lies below a thick layer of ice on a moon of Saturn , new data from NASA 's Cassini spacecraft suggests . The results , published in the journal Science , support earlier signs that this small moon has liquid water . That means Saturn 's sixth-largest moon could have been -- or could now be -- hospitable to life . This discovery puts Enceladus in an exclusive club of extraterrestrial worlds in the solar system that appear to have a subsurface water ocean . The others are Titan , another moon of Saturn , and Europa , a moon of Jupiter . Callisto and Ganymede , also moons of Jupiter , may also have oceans under ice . "  As far as whether one should go first to Europa or Enceladus , I look at this as a kind of a cornucopia of habitable environments in the outer solar system , " study co-author Jonathan Lunine of Cornell University said in a press conference Wednesday . What we think is there The north pole of Enceladus has a thickness of ice around 30 miles , with solid rock beneath it . But at the south pole , there may be only 18 to 24 miles of ice covering a subsurface ocean that itself is 5 to 10 miles deep . This ocean appears to be a "  lens-shaped reservoir " that 's deepest at the south pole and thinner further afield . The ocean appears to sit on top of a rocky core and "  may extend halfway or more towards the equator in every direction , " said study co-author David Stevenson , professor of planetary science at California Institute of Technology , in a press conference . Also noteworthy is that the north pole is heavily cratered , while the ice on the south pole is smoother , meaning it has been resurfaced and softened . Measurements from the new study and previous Cassini data suggest the moon 's south pole has an ice layer on top of water on top of silicate rock . If that 's true , water circulating through the rock would pick up elements such as phosphorous , sulfur , potassium and sodium into the liquid . These elements are essential for making molecules that life needs , Lunine said . With respect to the ocean being on top of rock , the gravity data from Enceladus "  makes the base of the ocean very much like the base of our own ocean on the Earth , " Lunine said at the press conference . Enceladus is a small moon , with a diameter of only about 310 miles . In 2005 , Cassini found that fractures called "  tiger stripes " in the south polar region emit water vapor jets rich in salt , lead author Luciano Iess of Sapienza Università di Roma in Rome , Italy , said in a press conference Wednesday . Cassini has also detected organic molecules , which can come from biological or nonbiological sources , near the tiger stripes and in dust grains in the region . A moon of Saturn may have ` tropical ' lakes How do we know ? No one has actually gone to Enceladus and seen this ocean under the thick ice layer . But scientists have strong evidence that it is there , based on gravity measurements made with Cassini . When the spacecraft flies by Enceladus , the gravity of the moon changes the probe 's speed . Scientists can measure those changes back on Earth by detecting fluctuations in the frequency of the signal that Cassini sends back . If the spacecraft 's speed does n't change , the frequency would remain the same . But depending on where Cassini flies , the frequency of the signal changes in particular ways . This allows scientists to learn more about the moon 's subsurface features . Scientists had already known about the presence of a depression or "  dimple " at the south pole of Enceladus , "  as if there is some amount of , effectively , missing material , " Lunine said . But in this new study , the change in gravity associated with the depression was not as dramatic as expected . "  There must be some higher density layer that 's underneath the ice , and that has to be a liquid water ocean , because there 's really nothing else plausible that can explain that offset to what we would expect for the gravity signature of this depression , " he said . It is possible that this ocean has been sending out the plumes that Cassini first observed in 2005 , but this has not been verified . How can we look for signs of life there ? Sending a probe to Enceladus with a drill would n't be entirely practical because the liquid water is so far under the ice that it would be hard to access , Lunine said . Instead , a spacecraft with instruments more sophisticated than Cassini could fly through the plumes of material being ejected from fractures in the ice . Cassini has already detected the water vapor and organic molecules in these plumes , using a device called a mass spectrometer . But a more advanced , more sensitive version of the same instrument could better test for the "  menu of molecules " associated with an advanced biological system , Lunine said . Detecting these molecules could be "  the smoking gun for whether in fact there is life down there or not , " he said .	Enceladus is a small moon of Saturn New data suggest a subsurface ocean under its south pole Gravity experiment inferred that there must be liquid water there Miles of ice likely cover a subsurface ocean that itself is 5 to 10 miles deep
CNN  -- Look out Novak Djokovic , Roger Federer and Andy Murray , Rafael Nadal is back -- and the numbers stacking up suggest he 's better than ever . After a seven-month injury layoff between July and February , the Spaniard has now won three titles since returning to the court following Sunday 's 4-6 6-3 6-4 defeat of Juan Martin del Potro in the final of the Indian Wells Masters . It was the 11-time grand slam winner 's 600th ATP Tour win -- Federer is the only other active player to have reached that figure -- and it helped Nadal notch up a record 22nd Masters 1000 title . The former world No. 1 's triumph over Argentine Del Potro at the hard-court event also took him to 17 wins and one defeat for 2013 -- his best ever start to a season . "  A lot of things happened in the last seven months ,  so  to be back here and to have this very heavy trophy with me is amazing , " the 26-year-old told the ATP Tour 's official website after his third win at the event . "  Beating three top 10 players and winning a title like this is just something unbelievable for me . I 'm very , very happy and very emotional . " However after playing 18 matches in six weeks , the new world No. 4 has pulled out of next weekend 's Miami Masters , though he plans to return for April 's Monte Carlo Masters , where he will bid for a ninth successive triumph at the clay court event -- the Mallorcan 's favorite surface . "  When you have one comeback like I 'm having , you remember all the low things , lower moments that you had during those seven months , " added Nadal . "  Hopefully I passed and can just remember all the people that really helped me a lot during all this time . " Del Potro had beaten third seed Murray and world No. 1 Djokovic to reach the final , but conceded he could n't match Nadal . "  I think Rafa deserved to win , " said del Potro , who has lost eight of his 11 matches with Nadal . "  The last hour of the match , he played so solid and put me so far  from  the baseline and made winners . "  But I think I  had  a good tournament anyway , and Rafa played really well today in the second and third sets . He broke me early in the third . Playing against him when the score is down is tougher . I was fighting all the time but he won in the end . "	Rafael Nadal wins Indian Wells Master by beating Juan Martin del Potro The win at the California event is Nadal 's third tournament win of 2013 The Spaniard was out for seven months between July and February Nadal has won 17 matches and lost one in 2013 , his best ever start to a season
BALTIMORE , Maryland  CNN  -- A few weeks ago , 22-year-old Tatiana Gulenkina felt bad . Tired with a headache and high fever , Gulenkina knew she was coming down with something . Yet she was n't sure with what . Besides getting vaccinated , there are other ways to boost your immune system to ward off being sick . "  My symptoms were apparently the same as for regular flu : coughs , sneezes , high temperature , sore throat and headache . " she says . But when her boyfriend took her to the doctor , her diagnosis was a little little bit of a shock . "  I had the swine flu ! " Although the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has stopped counting the number of reported H1N1 virus incidents in this country , the American Medical Association says many of its members are starting to see more cases of the illness , along with early bouts of seasonal flu and colds . It 's just that time of year when a lot of nasty bugs are out there . So the question is , what 's the best way to protect yourself ? Health experts will tell you the most effective way to fight the flu , including the H1N1 virus , is to get vaccinated , which causes your own body to make antibodies that target specific illnesses . After immunization , it takes up to 10 days for the vaccines to take effect . But there are other ways to boost your immune system to ward off being sick during the winter . Why boost your immune system ? It 's what protects you from diseases . It 's designed to defend the body against millions of toxins , parasites , bacteria and microbes that would love to invade the body and make it their home . But in order to protect you , your immune system has to be healthy . If it begins to break down , then germs can attack and cause you to become ill . That 's why taking care of your immune system , especially this time of year , is a must . And the best way to start is with good nutrition . You need to eat the right foods . "  Your nutrition profoundly affects your ability to fight these diseases , " notes Katherine Tallmadge , national spokesperson for the American Dietetic Association . That means fill up your plate with lean protein , including chicken , fish and fat-free dairy products . Why protein ? "  The molecules that fight disease are made of protein , " Tallmadge says . Watch more on how to rev up your immune system " And think fats . Good fats . Certain fats improve cellular function and the ability to fight disease . For instance , when people eat more liquid oils , as opposed to hard , saturated fats , the fats end up in their cell walls . With liquid oils predominantly in the diet , cells are more flexible , communicate better and are more able to fight disease "  More olive oil , canola oil and nuts . These are healthy fats , " says Tallmadge . Tallmadge also reminds us to include fruits , vegetables and whole grains in our diet . These contain important antioxidants that keep your blood levels of vitamin C , beta-carotene , zinc and B-vitamins high . Which also means think vitamin supplements . But not too many . Nutritionists like Tallmadge warn that you can ingest too much of one particular vitamin or supplement and throw off the nutritional balance of your body , which can affect the immune system . "  Get nutrients naturally through the foods you eat , " Tallmadge says . As for vitamin pills , she recommends "  just taking a multivitamin with minerals so that all your bases are covered . " If you think you need more of one particular supplement , talk to your doctor , she says . Although good nutrition is key for a healthy immune system , exercise is equally important . Studies have shown that moderate , regular exercise can boost the immune system . But doctors warn do n't overdo it . Too much high-intensity activity , such as a marathon or triathlon , can make a person more susceptible to illness for as long as three days after the workout . Says Dr. David Johnson , an orthopedic surgeon at Washington Hospital Center in Washington , D.C. , and avid swimmer : "  Exercise gets the blood pumping , which helps our heart , our circulation system , all our muscles and organs work better . But if you do too much , in too little time , it can hurt the body . " A daily 30-minute walk can do the trick . And do n't forget to rest . A few studies point to shut-eye as a way to boost the immune system , and the National Sleep Foundation says getting the right amount of sleep is part of the "  staying well " puzzle . Though the exact ways sleep works and how it rejuvenates the body 's immune system are still a mystery , sleep experts agree that adequate rest is necessary to keep a healthy body . "  Research shows that everyone needs sleep , and that it 's a critical factor in your health , weight and energy level , " says Dr. Marc Schlosberg , a neurologist who works with the sleep lab at the National Rehabilitation Hospital , also in Washington , D.C. "  Plus , it cuts down on stress . " Scientists and doctors have known for years that long-term , chronic stress can create negative changes at the cellular level of the body , which can severely hurt the immune system . So if you can , try to chill out . Take a break , do some yoga . Walk your dog . Pet the cat . Anything to calm the soul . As for Tatiana Gulenkina , she thinks she might have caught H1N1 flu on her campus , but she 's not sure . As a student at the Maryland Institute College of Art in Baltimore , stress is just part of a her busy life . But after a week of rest , fluids and ibuprofen , Gulenkina is feeling much better and hopes to get through the rest of the winter without other illnesses .	Most effective way to fight flu , including H1N1 virus , is to get vaccinated Eat lean protein , fat-free dairy products and good fats to boost immune system Moderate , regular exercise and adequate rest are necessary to keep healthy
CNN  -- Congressman Barney Frank is taking some major heat for making a serious accusation against Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia . Rep. Barney Frank cites a Supreme Court justice 's legal opinions in calling him a homophobe . "  I do think this argument that it is unconstitutional for the federal government to pick and choose as to which marriages it will accept is a good one . At some point that 's going to have to go to the United States Supreme Court , " Frank told the Web site 365gay . com on Friday . "  I would n't want it to go to the United States Supreme Court now because that homophobe Antonin Scalia 's got too many votes on this current court . " Frank , D-Massachusetts , explained his remark during an interview Wednesday with host John Roberts on CNN 's "  American Morning . " John Roberts : Congressman Frank , you made a pretty pointed accusation there . What 's the basis for that charge ? Rep. Barney Frank : Two opinions written by Justice Scalia in which he makes it very clear that he thinks it 's a terrible idea for people who are gay or lesbian to have equal rights . It 's not based on his views on marriage . Obviously , there 's a legitimate debate about marriage . Watch Frank make his case against Scalia " A few years ago , the state of Texas tried to send to prison two men who had private , consenting sex in their own bedroom . And the majority on the court said , "  That 's unconstitutional . That 's an invasion of privacy . " Justice  Clarence  Thomas said , "  Well , I think it 's a silly law . I would have voted against it , but I do n't think the Constitution prohibits it . " Justice Scalia wrote a long , angry dissent in which he made it very clear he thought it was a perfectly good law and that , in fact , homosexuals , as he refers to us , are bad people , and the notion that there ought to be any kind of legal protections is a mistake . In an earlier case in Colorado , in which he again vigorously denounced the majority in the court for finding that it was unconstitutional to discriminate against people , again , not in marriage but a basis of their political rights , he said , "  Well , of course , we disapprove this . We often disapprove of things like murder . " I mean , literally , when he was looking for comparisons to the public disapproval of homosexuality , the first thing he said was murder . So unlike many people who have different legitimate views on this , I urge people to read those two opinions in the Colorado case , the Romer case and the Lawrence case . And , again , there is just no question about his absolute view that ... homosexuals are bad people that should n't be treated equally . amFIX : React to Frank 's comments on Scalia Roberts : Well , let 's take the Lawrence v. Texas case then , if we could . In his dissenting opinion he said , "  Today 's opinion is the product of a court that has largely signed on to the so-called homosexual agenda , by which I mean the agenda promoted by some homosexual activists directed at eliminating the moral opprobrium that is traditionally attached to homosexual conduct . " But what he was doing in that dissent , according to him , was complaining about judges , not elected officials , deciding questions about morality . Frank : No . Roberts : Scalia went on to write , "  It is clear from this that the court has taken sides in the culture war . " Frank : Yes . Roberts : So if he is talking here about -- he is upset that the court is deciding this as opposed to elected officials deciding it , how is that homophobic ? Frank : Because ... you forgot to mention the issue here . It is n't whether or not homosexuality is a nice thing . It is whether two men in the privacy of their own bedroom , two men who live together , two adults , should be facing prison because they had intimate relations . Now , Justice Thomas said it 's a silly law . Justice Scalia said , "  Oh , no , because we " -- the phrase you quoted is in the context of justifying sending people to prison because they have consenting sex in private because he disapproves of homosexuality . The court was n't taking sides in a culture war . The very way that he frames it is that . In other words , he believes that when six of his colleagues said , "  No , the Constitution protects privacy , and you do not allow people to go to jail for private , consenting sex , " that that 's taking sides in the culture war . So the very fact that he frames it that way is his argument . He is so angry about those of us who are maybe gay or lesbian that he thinks it takes sides in the culture war to say people should n't be imprisoned for private sexual acts . Roberts : And let me get to the point that you were making when you gave that interview , the Defense of Marriage Act . You say that it 's going to come before the court at some point . The Defense of Marriage Act passed overwhelmingly in the House and the Senate . It was signed by a Democratic president . The National Review online , talking about what you said regarding Justice Scalia , pointed that out and went on to add , quote , "  Millions and millions of voters in state after state have acted to preserve traditional marriage . Does Congressman Frank regard all of these Americans as homophobes ? Frank : No , as I just said -- no . I 've already answered your question . No , I just differentiated between Justice Scalia and Justice Thomas . Justice Thomas said it 's a silly law to send people to prison because of private , consenting sex . Scalia basically says "  Yes , that 's where they belong . " So that 's exactly the case . No , people have , as I said , legitimate rights to differ over the constitutionality of marriage . My point is that Scalia is so anti people who are homosexual that he will argue so vehemently there that I 'd rather not have him have the influence . But I was talking about his attitude in cases which had to do with political rights in Colorado and sending people to prison . That 's very different than the question about marriage . Roberts : And we should point out , too , that we reached out to Justice Scalia for comment . They declined comment on this , but perhaps we 'll hear from him at some point down the line . Frank : Well , in fairness to Justice Scalia , I obviously was very critical of him . But Supreme Court justices are supposed to argue through their opinions . And that 's why I 'm not referring to any private comments he made but to his opinions . And , again , the issue in my mind is his vehement denunciation . Let 's put it this way : He says it 's taking sides in the culture war if you do n't send people to jail for having private , consenting sex . It 's got nothing to do with marriage .	Supreme Court justice 's writings indicate personal bias , congressman says Scalia backed Texas sodomy law his fellow conservative called "  silly , " Frank says Differences on gay marriage legitimate , Frank says , but sexual behavior is private
CNN  -- Warner Bros. ' $ 100 million Alfonso Cuarón-directed thriller Gravity blasted off on its opening weekend at the box office , scoring a stunning $ 55.6 million from 3,575 theaters . The sci-fi title , which stars Sandra Bullock and George Clooney , set a new October opening weekend record , surpassing Paranormal Activity 3 's $ 52.6 million debut in 2011 . Gravity also marks the best-ever debut for both of its stars , beating Bullock 's $ 39.1 million start for this summer 's The Heat  talk about having a great year at the box office !  and Clooney 's $ 42.9 million debut for Batman & Robin in 1997 . And to put a cherry on top of Warner Bros. ' incredible weekend , audiences issued Gravity an excellent "  A - " CinemaScore grade , which will yield great word-of-mouth for weeks to come . The film played to a much broader audience than most young-male-dominated sci-fi films . Crowds were 54 percent male and 46 percent female , and 59 percent were above the age of 35 . 3-D showings accounted for a whopping 80 percent of the film 's weekend gross  bucking the downward trend 3-D has faced this year and proving that audiences will pay for the format if they feel it 's worth it  . IMAX tickets made up 20 percent of revenue -- because if there 's one thing that looks great on a big screen , it 's outer space . Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs 2 dropped 37 percent in its second weekend to $ 21.5 million , which gives the animated title a $ 60.6 million total after 10 days . Sony spent $ 78 million on the saucy sequel and wisely scheduled it away from other family competition , which should allow it to thrive throughout October .  By comparison , films like Turbo and The Smurfs 2 got choked out this summer while competing with each other and Despicable Me 2 and Monsters University .  The next animated film to arrive in theaters , Free Birds , wo n't come out until Nov. 1 . Ben Affleck and Justin Timberlake faltered in third place with their new crime drama Runner Runner , which earned a weak $ 7.6 million in its first three days . Both stars are hotter than ever : Affleck , after winning an Oscar for Argo and landing the Batman role in Warner Bros. ' upcoming Man of Steel sequel , and Timberlake , after hitting No. 1 with his comeback album The 20/20 Experience , the sequel to which is projected to be the No. 1 album this week . But nothing about Runner Runner inspired crowds to check it out in theaters . Audiences issued the poorly reviewed film , which cost Fox about $ 30 million , a weak "  C " CinemaScore grade . Prisoners and Rush made up the rest of the Top 5 . Prisoners fell 48 percent to $ 5.7 million , giving the Hugh Jackman vehicle a $ 47.9 million total against a $ 46 million budget . The film earned excellent reviews , but has had trouble holding on to audiences due to the arrival of Rush , Don Jon , and Gravity -- three well-reviewed dramas attracting attention . Fortunately , Prisoners is holding on better than one of those films , Rush , which fell 56 percent this weekend to $ 4.4 million . The Formula One racing drama starring Chris Hemsworth and directed by Ron Howard has now earned $ 18.1 million total and will fall short of its $ 38 million budget . 1 . Gravity -- $ 55.6 million 2 . Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs 2 -- $ 21.5 million 3 . Runner Runner -- $ 7.6 million 4 . Prisoners -- $ 5.7 million 5 . Rush -- $ 4.4 million Check back next weekend for full box office coverage of new releases Machete Kills and Captain Phillips . See the original story at EW.com .	The Bullock/Clooney thriller blasted into first place The film played to a much broader audience than most sci-fi films Affleck and Timberlake faltered in third place with Runner Runner
Washington  CNN  -- An outside company now heads the effort to correct problems with HealthCare.gov , rather than the federal agency getting most of the blame for the botched rollout of the website to enroll in President Barack Obama 's signature health care reforms . Jeffrey Zients , the former White House budget officer assigned by Obama to fix the mess , said Friday that QSSI , a Maryland tech company , would serve as the "  general contractor " in working to make the website function smoothly by the end of November . The announcement was a shift in tone and strategy for the administration . The federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services  CMS  was the lead agency in overseeing creation of the online site that buckled under the volume of initial visitors following its October 1 launch . QSSI was one of the dozens of contractors working with the government on the project coordinated by CMS , and now has the role of managing the correction efforts , according to Zients . "  There is now a general contractor who is overseeing the other contractors and directing the effort . In the tech world , this would be called a new systems integrator , " the White House said in a statement . "  This general contractor will work around the clock with all the key decision makers and players , including CMS leadership and staff , vendors and contractors . " The problems became a political liability for the Obama administration by emboldening Republican efforts to undermine the health care reforms detested by conservatives as an extreme example of government overreach . After weeks of pledges by Obama and other officials to correct problems , including the inability to register , lengthy delays and incorrect information being relayed to insurers , Zients offered the first solid target for significant improvement . He said HealthCare.gov would work fully for the "  vast majority " of users in just over a month . "  Healthcare.gov is fixable , " he said on a conference call . Zients confirmed that as many as 70 % of its users were unable to complete the first step of the enrollment process -- creating accounts -- at various times in recent weeks . The situation has improved , he said , while acknowledging other difficulties comprised a "  punch list " of items being addressed . "  The punch list is dozens of items on both sides , in terms of priorities both on performance and functionality , " Zients said , adding that new problems would be added as discovered "  but most importantly , we will be taking issues off the list . " Contractors point fingers In more than four hours of testimony before the House Energy and Commerce Committee on Thursday , officials of contractors hired to create Healthcare.gov cited a lack of testing on the full system and last-minute changes by the federal agency overseeing the online enrollment effort . Republican Rep. Renee Elmers of North Carolina said that "  the bottom line here is that CMS is responsible for this failure , " while other Republicans also targeted Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , whose department includes CMS . Angry exchanges between Republicans who oppose the 2010 Affordable Care Act and Democrats defending it erupted repeatedly at the hearing , while the contractors insisted their work went fine even though the software functioned poorly when the system went live . "  I think the problems with Obamacare are much deeper than a website , " GOP Rep. Tom Cole of Oklahoma told CNN on Thursday , echoing the Republican attack line that the health care reforms intended to help millions of uninsured Americans get affordable coverage are unmanageable . White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters that plenty of time remained to get the website fixed and people enrolled before the sign-up deadline of March 31 . He said Zients had figured out the problems that needed to be addressed and now put in place the management changes to do so . While visiting a health insurance call center Friday in Texas , Sebelius stuck to the Obama administration 's line that the website for enrolling in new health insurance exchanges was improving . Sebelius admitted she was surprised by the site 's failure upon rollout . "  I did n't realize it would n't be operating optimally before the launch , " she said . "  I think we knew that if we had had another six months , we would probably test further , but I do n't think that anyone fully realized that both volume caused some problems , but volume also exposed some problems , " she said . Request to extend the deadline Separately , 10 Democratic Senators have asked Sebelius to extend the open enrollment period for insurance exchanges beyond March 31 . If the period is not extended , people who are uninsured after that date would face an IRS fine under the health care reforms . But Sebelius described the open enrollment period as "  unusually long " already and said any extension would have some consequences . Responding to Congress Sebelius and her agency came under new pressure from the chairman of the Republican-led House Oversight Committee , who said he might consider a subpoena to get information he wants on contracts , communications and other details involving the Obamacare website . Committee aides said Thursday that the Health and Human Services Department had so far failed to respond to a previous request , and Rep. Darrell Issa of California gave Sebelius until Monday to comply or possibly face "  compulsory " action . The agency said it is working to comply . "  The committee sent us an extremely broad request for documents on October 10 - while the government was still shut down - and asked that we produce these materials within two weeks , " HHS spokeswoman Joanne Peters said in a statement . Peters said the agency has "  been engaged in discussions " with Issa 's panel to "  better understand and prioritize " requests . CNN 's Lisa Desjardins contributed to this report .	NEW : Outside contractor now overseeing website fixes Zients says the website will work properly for most people by the end of November Republicans continue attacks on President Obama 's signature health care reforms Some Democrats seek extension of open enrollment for Obamacare policies
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- The prosecution and defense have made their cases , and now Judge Thokozile Masipa must decide : Did Oscar Pistorius intentionally kill his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp ? Was it murder ? She will begin reading her decision Thursday . The judge has to answer several questions to reach her verdict on the murder charge , one of four charges Pistorius faces . First -- and most important -- did Pistorius know Steenkamp was behind the door in his bathroom when he fired four shots through it on Valentine 's Day last year , killing her ? If the answer is yes , beyond a reasonable doubt , Pistorius knew he was shooting at his girlfriend , then the judge will find him guilty of murder . Later , she 'll have to decide whether it was premeditated . If she thinks it was , he could be sentenced to life in prison . In South Africa that means he 'll have to serve at least 25 years . If she thinks the murder was n't premeditated , Pistorius could get a minimum of 15 years behind bars . But if Masipa is not convinced that Pistorius knew Steenkamp was behind the door -- if there is any reasonable doubt of that -- he will not be convicted of murder . Pistorius argues he made a mistake -- that he thought was trying to defend himself from an intruder . If Masipa accepts that as plausible , she will then have to decide if his mistake and his actions were reasonable . If she says they were not , she 'll find him guilty of a crime called culpable homicide . There is no minimum sentence for culpable homicide in South African law -- Masipa will decide the punishment herself , taking South African precedent into account . And there 's one final possibility . If the judge does not think the prosecution has proved its case -- if she believes there is a reasonable chance Pistorius made a reasonable mistake and responded reasonably -- she will find him not guilty , and Oscar Pistorius could be a free man . Masipa will make her decision with the assistance of two experts known as assessors . South Africa does not have jury trials . Lesser charges Pistorius faces three other weapons charges in addition to the murder accusation . Two charges are related to allegations that he recklessly fired a gun in public -- once in a restaurant in 2012 , and once out of the sunroof of a car in 2013 . Pistorius denies both . The maximum penalty for each charge is five years behind bars . If he is convicted of either , he could face a lesser sentence , such as a fine or the loss of his gun license . The final charge is that Pistorius was found to have ammunition without a proper license when police searched his home after he killed Steenkamp . Pistorius says he was storing the ammunition in his safe for his father . The charge is potentially a very serious one . If he is found guilty , he could face up to 15 years in prison , though Masipa could opt for a lesser punishment such as a fine or the loss of his gun license . Oscar Pistorius trial closing arguments end Who was Reeva Steenkamp ? Who is ` Blade Runner ' Oscar Pistorius ? CNN 's Robyn Curnow contributed to this report .	Judge Thokozile Masipa must answer several questions to determine her ruling If Pistorius knew he was shooting at Reeva Steenkamp , he committed murder If he did not , the verdict hinges on whether Pistorius acted reasonably The sentence could be anything up to 25 years , depending on the verdict
Authorities in Northern Virginia on Thursday busted an alleged violent gang and arrested the accused ringleader and four others on charges of forcing high school girls to be prostitutes . The defendants , most of whom were arrested overnight , were scheduled to appear in federal court Friday afternoon in Alexandria , Virginia , on charges that include underage sex trafficking . The alleged ringleader is identified in court documents as Justin Strom , 26 , of Lorton , Virginia , a suburb of Washington . He is described as the Fairfax County , Virginia , leader of the Underground Gangster Crips . The arrests of the five alleged members of the gang follow six other arrests of members of the gang in the past year and a half , officials said . The investigation began in September 2011 , but an affidavit lists alleged crimes by the reputed gang members dating back to 2006 . Officials from the U.S. attorney 's office , the Virginia attorney general 's office and others say Strom and his associates recruited high school girls to work for them as prostitutes and vowed violence if they tried to leave . Authorities identified at least 10 high school girls between 16 and 18 years of age who were recruited . The amounts of money involved were generally small , with prostitutes often receiving $ 50 for performing sexual acts . Authorities arrested Michael Jefferies , 21 , of Woodbridge on Wednesday night . He allegedly handled the money . They arrested Strom and Henock Ghile , 23 , of Springfield early Thursday . Ghile allegedly transported the girls . Donyel Dove , an alleged bodyguard and driver , was arrested on March 24 in Warren County on separate charges . The fifth man , Christopher Sylvia , 22 , of Springfield , Virginia , was arrested on March 8 as a driver in the sex trafficking conspiracy .	Alleged gang members set to appear in federal court Friday in Alexandria , Virginia Charges against Underground Gangster Crips include underage sex trafficking , officials say Arrests follow those of six other gang members in the past year and a half , officials say Officials : At least 10 girls ages 16 to 18 were recruited , were threatened if they tried to leave
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Prosecutors want another delay in the start of the involuntary manslaughter trial of Michael Jackson 's doctor , but the judge will wait until next month to decide the request . "  I 'm not surprised by all of this , " Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor said during a hearing Friday . The trial has already been delayed twice since Dr. Conrad Murray invoked his right to a speedy trial after his arraignment in January . "  When I got myself involved in it , I said ` It ai n't gon na happen , ' " Pastor said , referring to the original starting date of late March . The case has been "  creepy crawly , " he said . Jury selection was under way in May when the defense requested a delay so its expert witnesses could have more time to prepare for new experts hired by the prosecution . Pastor then dismissed hundreds of prospective jurors and rescheduled the trial to start on September 8 . Deputy District Attorney David Walgren said Friday morning that the prosecution needed another three weeks to prepare because of "  scheduling issues . " Defense lawyers did not object to moving jury selection to the end of September . Pastor , who said he "  rearranged all sort of cases , including capital cases " to start the trial in September , said he would wait until a July 12 hearing to decide . Also on Friday , the judge approved a plan to allow defense lawyers and prosecutors to view dozens of hours of raw video shot of Michael Jackson 's last rehearsals . The video was bought by Sony Pictures for its film "  This Is It . " Pastor has n't ruled on what clips , if any , defense lawyers might be able to show at the trial . He has previously limited the prosecution to just raw video of Jackson 's last two days alive . Saturday is the second anniversary of Jackson 's death , which the Los Angeles coroner ruled was from an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol , combined with other drugs . Murray , who was hired as Jackson 's personal physician as he prepared for his comeback concerts in London , is charged in the singer 's death .	Dr. Conrad Murray 's trial is now set to start September 8 Judge Michael Pastor will decide on a three-week delay next month The trial has been delayed twice already The judge has approved a plan for lawyers to see raw Jackson video
Those two New York buildings where eight people died in an explosion were served by a very old gas main -- 127 years old to be exact . It 's the latest incident in what experts warn is a dangerous trend plaguing the nation 's oldest cities : natural gas leaks and aging infrastructure . "  Gas explosions are happening way too frequently , " said Mark McDonald , president of Boston-based NatGas Consulting and the New England Gas Workers Association . "  It 's an epidemic . " The cause of Wednesday 's explosion in East Harlem , which injured dozens and destroyed the five-story buildings , has not been determined officially . But tests taken of the soil in the area in the hours after the explosion found natural gas at levels as high as 20 % when none should have been present , federal investigators said . "  It almost confirms you had a gas leak out there , and the building exploded , " McDonald told CNN . "  That means we can be 99 % sure this was caused by a gas explosion . " Robert Sumwalt of the National Transportation Safety Board , which is investigating the blast , said the readings indicated natural gas might have triggered the explosion that shook the bustling neighborhood . The soil readings "  further lead to the hypothesis that this may well have been a natural gas leak , " Sumwalt told reporters . "  We would expect to find zero concentration of natural gas in the soil , so it would indicate that at least somehow or another natural gas did work its way into the ground . " Some urban gas lines : Antiquated and hard to reach The blast comes as many U.S. utilities struggle to maintain or replace antiquated , hard-to-reach and leaky gas mains in older urban areas , according to experts . The most vulnerable mains are made of cast iron or steel . A day before the explosion , the New York-based Center for an Urban Future said in a report that New York 's aging infrastructure "  could wreak havoc on the city 's economy and quality of life . " An estimated $ 47.3 billion would have to be devoted for repairs to maintain safety . "  The average age of New York City 's 6,400 miles of sewage mains is approximately 84 years , for example , " wrote the report 's author , Adam Forman . "  Its 6,800 miles of water mains are approximately 69 years old , and its 6,300 miles of gas mains are 56 years old . " Leaks cause the city 's top utility company , Con Ed , to lose more than 2 % of the gas it delivers to customers each year , according to the report . Additionally , 60 % of New York gas mains are made of unprotected steel or cast iron , which are prone to leaks and no longer used by main manufacturers . Con Edison manages one of the oldest gas distribution networks in the country , the report said . The utility 's 2,234 miles of gas mains , which serve 833,000 customers in the Bronx , Manhattan and northern Queens , are 53 years old on average . Citing the federal Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration , the report said Con Edison experienced 83 leaks for every 100 miles of main in 2012 . Corrosion was responsible for 427 of those leaks . In East Harlem , the gas pipe serving the collapsed buildings included a cast iron section dating from 1887 , city officials said . A cold and dangerous trap "  Cast iron and frost do n't mix well , " McDonald said . Con Edison officials said the utility received a call reporting a gas leak around 9:13 a.m. Wednesday from a resident at one of the newer buildings on Park Avenue . The utility dispatched a truck two minutes later , but it arrived after the explosion . The caller , as well as other residents on the block , reported smelling gas the night before but did not call the utility at the time . McDonald and other experts said underground pipes are a major source of gas leaks , with the escaping gas typically traveling through the soil and dissipating into the air . During winter , however , soil is hardened by frost , which traps the gas and causes it to travel sideways . With warmer weather , the frost thaws and the soil contracts . Earth movements caused by construction work or other environmental factors can also cause pipes to crack . "  That expansion and contraction can heave the cast iron pipes up , down , left , right , " McDonald said . "  Being old does n't help , obviously . But cast iron is a very fragile material when you bend it or displace it ... If a leaky main is close to a building , about 4 or 5 feet away , the gas can work its way into a building . " The future is in plastic Con Edison and other utilities around the nation have stepped up efforts to replace cast iron pipelines with plastic ones . The utility is replacing an average of 65 miles of gas mains each year , for the next three years , at a cost of approximately $ 110 million , Con Ed spokesman Bob McGee said . In addition , the company spends about $ 500 million a year maintaining and upgrading the natural gas infrastructure . "  Age alone does not tell you about the condition of the pipe , " McGee said in a statement . "  Cast iron pipes can be used for hundreds of years if the underpinning and the environment around the pipes is sound . " Still , experts said , the old iron pipes beneath many U.S. cities are too vulnerable . "  Gas companies have been very lucky over the years to not have this happen more , " Bob Ackley , a natural gas consultant who runs Massachusetts-based Gas Safety USA , said of the East Harlem explosion . "  For every gas company across the northern part of this country , whether it 's Chicago , Detroit , Cleveland or Buffalo ... this is a critical time . They have hundreds of broken mains going on around the country now , and they are lucky to catch most . " The aging infrastructure of cities such as New York , Boston , Philadelphia and Chicago make them especially susceptible to leaks and explosions , experts said . In January , a study published by researchers at Duke University and Boston University detected 5,893 leaks of methane , the main component of natural gas , rising from the streets of Washington . At 12 of the tested locations , the study found "  potentially explosive " concentrations of underground methane -- about 10 times greater than the threshold at which explosions can occur . "  I see the industry slipping in my opinion in terms of vigilance and protecting the public , " McDonald said . "  It comes down to what can we cut , what can we avoid doing ? " The U.S. Department of Transportation estimates that more than 30,000 miles of cast iron pipe are still being used to deliver gas throughout the nation . The highest percentage of cast-iron mains are in Philadelphia , Washington , Boston and New York City . "  Let 's hope gas operators get through this winter without another incident , " Ackley said . "  Con Ed and other national gas companies are really nervous right now . "	Buildings where eight in East Harlem died were served by a 127-year-old gas main U.S. utilities struggle to maintain and replace antiquated , leaky gas mains Safety expert : "  Gas explosions are happening way too frequently "
As many as 86 Atlanta-based workers for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention may have been unintentionally exposed to anthrax , the agency says . This includes people who have come forward since the announcement Thursday , saying they were in the area during the time of exposure . The workers are being monitored or provided antibiotics . "  Based on most of the potential exposure scenarios , the risk of infection is very low , " the agency said in a statement . "  CDC believes that other CDC staff , family members , and the general public are not at risk of exposure and do not need to take any protective action . " As of Thursday afternoon , the agency 's Occupational Health Clinic had seen 54 employees identified to have been in the labs or hallways at the time of exposure , according to CDC spokesman Tom Skinner . Of the 54 who have already been seen , Skinner said only two chose not to take oral antibiotic treatment . In addition to taking antibiotics to ward off any possible anthrax infection , the CDC says 27 staffers have received the anthrax vaccine . Skinner says remaining identified employees , who have not yet been evaluated at their clinic , are scheduled to be seen Friday . Early reports show that a lab did not adequately inactivate samples , which were then moved and used for experimentation in three laboratories not equipped to handle live Bacillus anthracis , or anthrax . Believing the samples were inactivated , workers in those labs did not don adequate protective equipment , the CDC said . The unintentional exposure was discovered on June 13 . What to know about anthrax Sometime between then and June 6 , procedures in two of the three labs may have aerosolized the spores , the CDC said . Hallway and lab areas were decontaminated . There are three types of anthrax infection : cutaneous  through the skin  , inhalation  through the lungs  and gastrointestinal  through digestion  . Early symptoms can suggest the flu . "  In the worst-case scenarios , literally , within a day or two of exposure , if you 've inhaled spores and if they are very lethal , one begins to get -- as they say -- the standard flu symptoms -- high fever , malaise , " said Leonard Cole , a bioterrorism expert . "  You get lazy . You feel sick . You get headaches . You get bone aches . "  And then after a day or two , in the worst case , if you do n't get treatment , it could be lethal for you , and beyond treatment , " he said . The CDC said disciplinary action , as necessary , will be taken . The agency will review safety protocol with employees . The Federal Bureau of Investigation is aware of the incident and coordinating with officials at the CDC as they investigate , said FBI spokesman Christopher Allen . "  It is CDC 's obligation to ensure that people feel safe and are safe in the workplace and the community as we conduct our life-saving laboratory work . We will report findings of this investigation and all steps we take to improve lab-safety processes as a result of this incident , " the agency 's statement said .	As many as 86 Atlanta CDC workers may have been exposed to anthrax The FBI is coordinating with CDC officials as they investigate There are three types of anthrax infection ; early symptoms can suggest flu Workers are being monitored or provided antibiotics , and there 's no risk to the public , CDC says
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's opposition leader called the cholera outbreak in his country a "  man-made crisis , " as new figures released Thursday showed the death toll had soared to more than 2,700 . Morgan Tsvangirai tours a cholera ward at Budiriro Polyclinic in Harare Thursday . Some 2,755 have died and 48,623 people are suspected to have been infected with cholera since last year , the World Health Organization  WHO  said . Opposition party leader Morgan Tsvangirai , speaking to reporters , pointed a finger at the Mugabe government . "  Cholera in Zimbabwe is a man-made crisis . The problem we have here is coupled with  the  fact of negligence on the part of government to provide the necessary facilities . It shows the collapse of the health delivery system , " said Tsvangirai . The Movement for Democratic Change leader 's comments came after he toured some of the worst affected areas in the country 's capital , Harare . Zimbabwe 's cholera epidemic , which started in August , has been aggravated by erratic water supplies , shortages of water purification chemicals , broken water and sewer pipes and uncollected garbage . Cholera is an intestinal disease cause by bacteria in contaminated water . The epidemic was followed a month later by a strike by doctors and nurses demanding a review of their salaries . They are demanding that archaic hospital equipment be replaced and that medicines be available in hospitals . The health emergency comes at a time when Zimbabwe is mired in the worst economic crisis it has faced since it gained independence from Great Britain in 1980 . Last week , the United Nations ' Children 's Fund  UNICEF  gave $ 5 million to Zimbabwe 's ailing health sector to help end the industrial action by health personnel . As Tsvangirai was visiting the cholera affected areas , some residents could be seen getting water from the wells and rivers . Most suburbs in Harare have had no water for close to two weeks , forcing residents to depend on shallow pits and rivers for drinking water . The Zimbabwe National Water Authority was quoted by the state-owned media Saturday attributing the dryness to a water pump which had broken-down . The areas particularly affected include the townships of Glen Norah , Glen View and Budiriro . "  I am here with my kids for the last two days , " said Ennie Musararei , a mother of three at Budiriro clinic . "  It  cholera  just started after we drank water from a well . We thought it was safe to drink since it was covered by a metal sheet . " President Robert Mugabe 's government have now declared cholera a national emergency , so that international organizations such as UNICEF , Doctors Without Borders and Red Cross can gain access . But death toll has continued to increase daily . "  This week alone has witnessed a sudden increase of patients , " said a nurse at Budiriro clinic . "  I think it is mainly because of the rains and dryness of the suburbs over the past week or so . " Earlier this month , Zimbabwe 's health minister , David Parirenyatwa , said the death toll was likely to increase as the country is in its rainy season . The meteorological office in Zimbabwe has predicted floods in some parts of the country .	World Health Organization : 2,755 cholera deaths in Zimbabwe since last year Tsvangirai : Govt . negligence resulted in failure to provide necessary facilities Epidemic aggravated by erratic water supplies , broken water and sewer pipes Mugabe 's government have now declared cholera a national emergency
CNN  -- As Tax Day approaches , Tea Party activists are uniting to voice the message they 've been honing for more than a year : It 's time to reduce the size of government , honor the Constitution and return to fiscal responsibility in Washington . The Tea Party Express ' third cross-country tour brings activists to Boston , Massachusetts , on Wednesday , before culminating with an anti-tax rally at the nation 's capital on Thursday . The "  Just Vote Them Out ! " tour has weaved through areas represented by vulnerable Democrats , bringing thousands to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's hometown in Nevada on its opening day . The tour 's other top target -- Democratic Rep. Bart Stupak of Michigan -- announced his retirement the same day the tour was in his turf . Tea Party favorite Sarah Palin was the top draw at the Boston event . Republican Sen. Scott Brown , whose winning Massachusetts campaign was infused by the Tea Party , turned down his invitation to the event , although his office said he wished the rally success . Are you at a Tea Party rally ? Share your images So far , the movement 's success is in the eye of the beholder . Tea Party activists running for office have yet to make much impact in the Republican primaries , and Stupak rejected the notion that the Tea Party played a role in his decision to step down . Tea Party changes tone , not outcome of Texas primary But House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer admitted Tuesday that the protests and rallies by the Tea Party across the country are having an impact on lawmakers ' decisions about running for another term . "  Do I think that negative atmosphere that 's been created by the Tea Party and by others certainly goes into the thinking of members ? I think it does . I think you honestly have to point out that it does , " Hoyer said . Hoyer : Tea Party having an impact The Tea Party developed last year in protest to what its supporters saw as overspending in Washington -- by Republicans and Democrats -- following the stimulus bill , the bank bailouts and President Obama 's budget . Fueled by anger at the government and fear of where the country was headed , it grew from dozens to hundreds of loosely linked groups . Until recently , there had been little movement toward coalescing as a formal party . Last week , a broad coalition of national and regional Tea Party groups announced the formation of the National Tea Party Federation . Tea Party movement attempts to unite ? Tom De Luca , a professor of political science at Fordham University , said while Tea Party activists have affected the national agenda , the larger impact has been on the Republican Party . "  It 's energized the hardcore base of Republicans who tend to share a lot of Tea Party ideas , but on the other hand , it 's going to bring to the floor a split that has been in the Republican Party for quite a long time , " De Luca said . That split pits the more conservative elements of the party against moderate Republicans . At the Southern Republican Leadership Conference last weekend , a Tea Party member voiced a concern to former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum that the moderate Republicans -- and not conservatives -- would end up on the ballot in November . "  Go beat them , " he told the attendee . "  That 's what elections are all about . I encourage candidates to run , " Santorum said , adding the GOP must focus its energy on electing conservative candidates in the Republican primaries . Rep. Michele Bachmann , R-Minnesota , said last week that the Republican Party and the Tea Party are in the process of merging . Bachmann : GOP and Tea Party movement are ` merging ' If the Tea Party pushes Republicans further to the right , however , it could hurt them in November , De Luca noted . Centrist voters would likely favor a Democrat over a far-right Republican , he said . Republican Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour pleaded with conservatives at the conference to stick together as the elections near . "  The Democrats ' fondest hope is to see Tea Party or other conservatives split off and have a third party to split the conservative vote , " he said . "  We ca n't let that happen . We 've got to stay unified . " De Luca said the Republican Party now finds itself trying to navigate the movement . "  They want to incorporate it to the degree they can without hurting the party 's chances , " he said . As for Tea Party members , they want to hold lawmakers ' feet to the fire without being swallowed up by a party some fear is trying to Astroturf their grassroots movement . "  I got more knife wounds in my back from Republican operatives than Democrats could ever do , " said Mark Williams , chairman of the Tea Party Express III tour . "  The Democrats at least stand there and tell me they hate me , and tell me that they hate America . These Republicans smile at me , shake my hand and then stab me in the back . " The Tea Party Express is run from the same building as a Republican political consulting firm . Joe Wierzbicki , who coordinates the Tea Party Express , told CNN earlier this year that the people who run the movement "  need a major political party . " "  I think what you 'll find is at Tea Party rallies , a lot of those people who are mad at the Republican Party , many of them are Republicans themselves . Us included , " he said . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll conducted earlier this year indicates Tea Party activists would vote overwhelmingly Republican in a two-party race for Congress . The poll also found that activists in the Tea Party movement tend to be male , upscale and overwhelmingly conservative . Roughly 11 percent of all Americans say they have actively supported the Tea Party movement . Of this core group of activists , half live in rural areas . "  It seems to have captured the attention of a certain , very large and important segment , but still -- a certain segment of society , " De Luca said . "  Its lasting power is someone questionable . " What remains to be seen is how closely the movement allies itself with the GOP , to what extent the various Tea Party groups come together as a formal organization and whether the activists solidify around a more coherent message removed from vitriolic embellishments and not grounded in fear , De Luca said . "  What will happen to them if the economy improves ? What will happen to them if the health care plan starts to work ? What happens to this extreme message if things turn in ways that no longer enflame all of these doubts many people have about who they are as Americans , but starts to reassure them that America is moving in a better direction ? " he asked . But at least for now , the movement 's focus remains on cleaning house , Williams said . "  We 're in a war for the soul of this country , " he said . "  We need to purge both parties . We need to purge the Democrats of the Marxists and the Republicans of the weaklings . " CNN 's Jim Acosta , Paul Steinhauser , Shannon Travis and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Tea Party Express winds up tour Wednesday in Boston , Thursday in D.C. Steny Hoyer : Tea Party having effect on whether lawmakers will seek re-election Tea Party having larger influence over GOP , professor says ` We 're in a war for the soul of this country , ' activist Mark Williams says
CNN  It is difficult to know at what point things of horror become forgotten and slip out of the world 's view . Perhaps it is when they are eclipsed by another , seemingly more pressing crisis . Or when it becomes almost impossible -- for safety or other reasons -- for outside observers to bear witness to their daily toll . Aleppo has , somehow , sometime between late 2012 when it was the open sore of the Syrian civil war , and today -- when the fight against ISIS has completely grabbed the world 's attention span -- slipped off the radar screen . But here is why it must not : there remain an estimated 300,000 civilians there , in rebel-held areas alone . These are people who suffer any one -- or all -- of the following litany of afflictions daily : Barrel bombs -- randomly dropped , crudely made devices intended to maim , kill and terrify ; warring rebel militia , also fighting with the regime ; radical Islamic groups ; shortages of food and water ; people cutting down whatever trees they can find for fuel . And above all a sense , for months now , of hopelessness that their world has only worsened since the fight for Aleppo began in June 2012 . That their fight has been deemed by some to be so incurable and intractable that the outside world has left Aleppo to its own devices -- willing to help the winner , but not to assist a victory . Aleppo is the greatest prize in the fight for Syria 's north , but also its greatest victim . Aleppo , the biggest city , its commercial hub , its cultural heart , is a skeleton of what stood proudly merely three years ago . It is very difficult to gain independent access to Aleppo . You can count on one hand the number of western TV channels who have done so in the past year . CNN last entered in June , for six hours . Kidnapping is now the major hazard . After months of hospitality and risking themselves to assist journalists , rebels now find their ranks bedevilled by radicals and criminals who see foreign media often as a form of currency to help with boosting funds or dealing with another scourge : ISIS . There are a few exceptions who , through luck of contacts , manage to evade the various hazards . Brazilian photojournalist Gabriel Chaim managed to spend a month in Aleppo with some of the more moderate rebel groups . They provided him access to their world . Access to a school hidden away in a house where children still learn English . To an artist who commemorates the war 's dead with paintings he etches out in a cave underground , that also serves as a bomb shelter . And to the front lines where the battle for Syria 's largest city is being fought with a desperation not seen before . Chaim gained access to one key battle currently under way . And as in so much of Syria 's war , it has been that way for months and will probably go on so , as the outcome is so vital that nobody is prepared to give up : the fight for a small hill called Handarat . The hill and its associated settlement lies to the northeast of Aleppo city , on a vital road into the rebel-held areas . The regime has a strong presence to its west and has been pushing up to the east for the past weeks . Daily , hourly , they push towards this raised bit of geography , which , if it were to fall into their control , would allow them to shell the only roads in and out of rebel-held areas , effectively denying the rebels , and the civilians who live among them , their use . Then , many fear , the siege of Aleppo would begin . The regime has tried this tactic -- dubbed "  Starve or Surrender " -- before , namely in Homs . They besiege an area , deny its fighters and civilians food , medicine , everything . Eventually , the regime presents a deal : leave or surrender . The fear is that the fall of Handarat might present a similar opportunity for the regime . And then the humanitarian catastrophe currently brewing inside rebel areas would mushroom . Hanaa Singer , a spokesperson for UNICEF , says the situation this winter in Aleppo "  is very desperate , regardless whether areas are control of the government control or armed opposition groups . " Waterborne diseases continue to spread , partly because often as many as 50 to 70 displaced people share the same toilet . "  There is no electricity or fuel for heating which leaves many people with the only choice of cutting trees from the public spaces and use them to heat the houses " she says , adding the situation is even harder for the displaced as many live in "  unfinished buildings or collective shelters where they have no windows , doors or even walls . " UNICEF estimates that 65,000 families risk being cut off from any assistance should the regime take Handarat hill -- that 's about 300,000 people . Another 100,000 children simply need warm clothes for this winter , Singer adds . That is around Aleppo alone . This is the nightmare of being caught between a regime trying to besiege them on one side , and on the other , the evil of ISIS trying to impose their radical worldview .	An estimated 300,000 civilians are stuck in rebel-held areas around Aleppo They are at risk of barrel bombs and warring militias and are short of food , water and fuel Fierce battle under way for control of Handarat hill , on the road in to the rebel-held area
CNN  -- Wayne Rooney 's first half goal gave Manchester United a 1-0 win over Fulham Monday to go back to the top of the English Premier League . The champions went into the evening clash at Old Trafford knowing a win would take them three points clear of local rivals Manchester City , who have led the standings for much of the season . But it proved a hard won victory against obdurate opponents , who offered a threat throughout . . Fulham had strong penalty claims turned away late in the game as substitute Danny Murphy went tumbling in the box under challenge from Michael Carrick . Referee Michael Oliver waved the appeals away and United were left to celebrate a vital win , their sixth in a row . They had started the game with flourish but Fulham stifled their early threat and looked set to go in at halftime level . But a defensive mistake undid Martin Jol 's team as Ashley Young 's cross initially eluded Rooney before John Arne Riise dithered and Jonny Evans sent back in the cross for the England striker to score his 11th in nine games . The excellent Antonio Valencia forced a fine save from Mark Schwartzer in the Fulham goal and the Australian also denied Ashley Young after the break with Brede Hangeland blocking a follow up from Ryan Giggs . With Rooney replaced by Paul Scholes , United looked to settle for just the single goal but were nearly undone as Carrick appeared to clip Murphy , with even his manager Alex Ferguson admitting his side had been lucky to avoid conceding a penalty . "  I think they had a claim , no doubt , " he told Sky Sports . "  We had a claim for a penalty in the first half when there was a clear hand ball . "  Maybe the ref was thinking about that . " Manchester City 's 1-1 draw at Stoke had seen them head champions United on goal difference but with eight games left in the season they now trail . In Spain 's La Liga , Sevilla moved up to ninth with a 3-0 win at struggling Granada , but are still eight points adrift of a Champions League spot .	Manchester United beat Fulham 1-0 at Old Trafford Victory takes United top of the English Premier League First half goal by Wayne Rooney enough to seal three points Sevilla beat Granada 3-0 in Spain 's La Liga
Dallas , Texas  CNN  -- A man suspected of killing a police officer and another person Sunday night at a suburban Dallas , Texas , apartment complex was the son of the Dallas police chief , authorities said Monday . David Brown Jr. , the son of Dallas Police Chief David Brown , was also killed during an exchange of gunfire with responding officers , Dallas County Sheriff Lupe Valdez said . Lancaster , Texas , Police Chief Keith Humphrey said David Brown Jr. was a resident of the apartment complex . Humphrey also identified the slain police officer as Officer Craig Shaw , who local media said was a five-year veteran of the Lancaster force and the father of two children . Authorities at an afternoon press conference Monday wore black bands around their shields to mark the death of their fellow officer . The incident began when officers responded to a call of a shooting at the complex Sunday . "  According to our investigation , Lancaster officers were called out to a scene and shots were exchanged where two people were killed including Officer Shaw and the suspect , " Valdez told reporters Monday . "  It appears the shooter is going to be David O'Neill Brown Jr. " "  Another male victim was also discovered dead at the scene , apparently from a shooting that had occurred earlier , " Valdez said , adding the younger Brown is also a suspect in that victim 's death . Kim Leach , a spokeswoman for the sheriff 's department , identified the victim as Jeremy Jontae McMillian . McMillian 's role in the incident is unknown , Leach told CNN . Several weapons were found at the scene of the shooting , including a high-powered rifle , Leach said . Charles Cato , the Dallas Police Department 's first assistant chief , said , "  Chief Brown asks that the Dallas community keep his family in their prayers this evening -- and in the days to come -- as his family tries to comprehend the circumstances surrounding this tragic incident . " Humphrey later added , "  Of course , he 's devastated . But Chief Brown also wanted to make that sure our officers were OK , and especially the family of Officer Shaw . " Pat Miles lives at the River Bend Apartments , where the shootings happened . "  I just heard lots of quick shots , you know , like , boom , boom , boom , boom , boom , boom , boom , " she told CNN affiliate WFAA . "  That 's all I heard . I jumped down on the floor . " Resident Tiffany James said it may have been a case of mistaken identity . "  I heard the officer say , ` Ooh . I shot the wrong person , ' and he busted out crying . Another officer grabbed him and hugged him , " James told WFAA .	NEW : Police chief 's son also suspected in death of another man Lancaster , Texas , officer killed in suburban Dallas shootout Chief 's son also slain during exchange of gunfire with responding officers
CNN  -- The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has charged businessman Robert Allen Stanford with orchestrating an $ 8 billion fraudulent investment program . Stanford presents a trophy to the winners of his Twenty20 cricket tournament in November 2008 . Stanford is the tycoon who bankrolled the Twenty20 Super Series cricket competition in the West Indies last year . The Texan has also contributed millions of dollars to the West Indies Cricket Board in an attempt to boost their flagging fortunes . Rose Romero , Regional Director of the SEC 's Fort Worth Regional Office in Texas , said , "  We are alleging a fraud of shocking magnitude that has spread its tentacles throughout the world . " Stanford allegedly fabricated historical return data to prey on investors . The SEC says the investigation is on-going . Reuters.com reports three of Stanford 's companies are involved in the SEC probe including Texas-based Stanford Group Co , Antigua-based Stanford International Bank and investment adviser Stanford Capital Management . The SEC Web site said Stanford International Bank CFO James Davis and Stanford Financial Group chief investment officer Laura Pendergest-Holt also face charges . It added that U.S. District Judge Reed O'Connor granted a temporary restraining order freezing the defendants ' assets and appointed a receiver to marshal those assets , as part of a request for emergency relief for the benefit of defrauded investors . The SEC 's complaint alleges that the fraud centered on a program in which Stanford International Bank promised "  improbable and unsubstantiated high interest rates . " SIB allegedly acted through a network of Stanford Group Company financial advisers to sell approximately $ 8 billion of "  certificates of deposit " to investors . The bank boasted a unique investment strategy that it said allowed it to receive double-digit returns on its investments for the past 15 years , the SEC said . Early Tuesday , CNBC reported federal marshals were seen entering the offices of Stanford Financial Group in Houston . Reuters reported an eyewitness saw a sign taped to the window stating the company is now "  under the management of a receiver . " Stanford Financial Group could not immediately be reached for comment . According to the SEC 's complaint , a close circle of Stanford 's family and friends operates SIB . Its investment committee , responsible for managing the bank 's multi-billion dollar portfolio of assets , includes Stanford ; Stanford 's father , who lives in Mexia , Texas ; another Mexia resident with business experience in cattle ranching and car sales ; Pendergest-Holt , who had no financial or securities experience prior to joining SFG ; and Davis , Stanford 's college roommate . The SEC alleges an additional scheme relating to $ 1.2 billion in sales . Stanford Group Company advisers are accused of using materially false historical performance data to create a mutual fund program called Stanford Allocation Strategy , the release said . According to the complaint , the false data helped grow the program from less than $ 10 million in 2004 to more than $ 1 billion , generating SGC - and ultimately , Stanford - about $ 25 million in 2007 and 2008 . In the UK , the Press Association news agency reported that the England and Wales Cricket Board has ceased negotiations with Stanford , who was expected to become a major backer of a proposed tournament in England from 2010 .	Robert Allen Stanford charged in alleged multi-billion dollar fraud Securities and Exchange commission says probe is continuing SEC alleges fraud of ` shocking magnitude that spread tentacles throughout world ' Stanford is the tycoon who bankrolled the cricket Twenty20 Super Series
CNN  -- George Zimmerman 's parents are suing Roseanne Barr for tweeting their home address , which they say forced them to go into hiding for years . Robert and Gladys Zimmerman have filed a lawsuit against Barr , accusing the comedian and actress of posting "  an open and obvious call for vigilante justice , " which she intended "  to cause a lynch mob to descend " on their Lake Mary , Florida , home . "  It was foreseeable that the tweets would cause Robert and Gladys Zimmerman to have to flee their house in the middle of the night and never to be able to return , have to face a descent of media and others who would seek to do harm to Robert and Gladys Zimmerman and to their home , and have to live in seclusion to protect their personal and emotional well being , " the civil complaint said . The Zimmermans accuse Barr of "  intentional infliction of emotional distress " and "  invasion of privacy " with the message to her 110,000 Twitter followers on March 29 , 2012 . The lawsuit does not indicate exactly how much the couple is asking for in damages . The tweet was published a month after their son killed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in a Florida subdivision , when national attention was focused on the incident and amid calls for Zimmerman 's arrest . A Florida jury acquitted Zimmerman of second-degree murder and manslaughter charges in the shooting of the unarmed teenager in a highly-publicized 2013 trial . The tweet listed his parents ' names , telephone number and home address , even though they were "  in no way involved in any of the incidents occurring on February 26 , 2012 , " the lawsuit said . The complaint said Barr later tweeted : "  At first I thought it was good to let ppl know that no one can hide anymore ... If Zimmerman is n't arrested I 'll rt his address again - maybe go 2 his house myself . " Barr violated Twitter 's rules banning tweets with unauthorized personal information , the lawsuit said . "  Roseanne Barr acted extremely and outrageously in making the tweets which were intended to cause severe emotional distress to Robert and Gladys Zimmerman and possible great physical harm , if not death , " the lawsuit contends . The Zimmermans "  suffered emotional pain and suffering , mental anguish , loss of the capacity for the enjoyment of life , incurred additional living expenses due to the inability to live in their home and have suffered a loss in value of their home , " the complaint said . "  These losses are permanent and continuing in nature and Robert and Gladys Zimmerman will continue to suffer these losses in the future . " The suit demands a jury trial . Barr and her representatives did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment . Zimmerman : God is ` the only judge I have to answer to ' Zimmerman wants to box rapper DMX in celebrity bout CNN 's Alina Machado and Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	Roseanne Barr 's tweet forced Zimmermans "  to live in seclusion , " lawsuit says Barr tweeted George Zimmerman 's parents ' home address , complaint contends The comedic actress intended "  to cause a lynch mob to descend " on their home , suit says Barr tweeted "  maybe go 2 his house myself , " Zimmermans say
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A U.S. commander in Iraq said he believes it 's not possible to withdraw troops from his region south and east of Baghdad by year 's end as an influential senator called for a day earlier . Maj. Gen. Rick Lynch said his forces would lose the edge they have gained if troops were withdrawn . Army Maj. Gen. Rick Lynch , commander of the Multi-National Division-Center , was asked to comment on Republican Sen. John Warner 's recommendation that President Bush start withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq by Christmas . Speaking to Pentagon reporters Friday via teleconference from Iraq , Lynch said , "  Only when the Iraqi security forces come forward and say , ` OK , here I am , I 'm trained and equipped , I 'm ready , I 'm the Iraqi army or I 'm the Iraqi police , ' can I turn those sanctuaries over , and that 's not going to happen between now and Christmas . " Lynch , whose operations cover the central part of Iraq , south of Baghdad , said soldiers have been helped by the "  surge , " or additional troops , and have made strides against militants . But he said , "  If we were to lose that capability , the enemy would come back . " Watch Lynch discuss the effect of pulling troops " "  We would take a giant step backward , " said Lynch , adding he needs the troops to fight both Shiite and Sunni militants and to confront significant Iranian influence in the region . By next spring or summer , however , such a move might be possible if enough progress is made , he said . Retired Army Brig. Gen. David Grange , a CNN military analyst , agreed with Lynch 's assessment . "  Time is necessary for the Iraqi people to gain confidence in U.S. and Iraqi troops throughout their neighborhoods , get the commerce and other quality of life improvements to take hold , enable the weak political structure a chance to improve and exploit the counterinsurgency opportunities that success is providing from this effort , " Grange said . Warner , an influential Republican and former chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , on Thursday recommended that Bush announce the beginning of a U.S. withdrawal in mid-September and that those troops should be back in the United States by Christmas . "  In my humble judgment , that would get everyone 's attention -- the attention that is not being paid at this time , " Warner said . He added : "  I really , firmly believe the Iraqi government , under the leadership of Prime Minister -LSB- Nuri -RSB- al-Maliki , let our troops down . " Warner , a Virginia Republican who was a former Navy secretary , suggested pulling 5,000 troops off the battlefield would send "  a very clear signal " without endangering the missions being carried out by the rest . In Texas , where Bush is on vacation , National Security Council spokesman Gordon Johndroe said the White House appreciated Warner 's advice but would wait for the recommendations of Gen. David Petraeus , the U.S. commander in Iraq , and the U.S. ambassador in Baghdad , Ryan Crocker , before making any decisions . Petraeus and Crocker are to report to the White House in September on the progress of the troop surge . Warner opposed Bush 's January decision to send nearly 30,000 additional U.S. troops to Iraq . But he has so far also opposed Democratic efforts to force the president to start bringing U.S. troops home . The surge campaign was aimed at buying time for Iraq 's government to reach a political solution to the sectarian and insurgent warfare that has wracked the country since the U.S. invasion in 2003 . Warner 's recommendation came on the same day as the release of the U.S. intelligence community 's latest report on Iraq , which found "  measurable but uneven improvements " in security in recent months . However , it concluded that Iraq 's political leaders "  remain unable to govern effectively . " Democrats have tried to wind down the war since taking over Congress in January , but Senate Republicans have used filibuster tactics to stymie those efforts . After Thursday 's report , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , called on Republican senators to join Democrats to force Bush to change course -- and a senior Democratic leadership aide urged Warner to add his vote to those efforts . "  Will he -LSB- Warner -RSB- vote with us on anything ? That is still the open and most important question , " the aide said . "  A recommendation to the president is different than voting for binding legislative language compelling the president to act . " A Senate Republican leadership aide said Friday that Warner 's remarks slowed some of the momentum on Iraq that Republicans had gained after Democrats had acknowledged recent military success in Iraq . But unless Warner were to change his vote to side with Democrats , the impact on the debate in Congress is minimal -- Republicans "  are n't in any different place than they yesterday , " the source said . A Senate Democratic leadership aide had a similar opinion of the impact . "  The real question would be is Warner willing to vote to support a change of course and policy , and as of yesterday he ruled that out , " the source said . The aide suggested that Warner 's recommendation was timed to coincide with the National Intelligence estimate because it gives the White House a position it might be willing to accept -- that the 5,000-troop cut might be palatable to Bush . Warner and the Armed Services chairman , Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , recently returned from a visit to Baghdad with harsh words for the al-Maliki government . Levin said Monday that Iraq 's parliament should throw al-Maliki out of office and replace his government . Warner said he would not join that call . "  But in no way do I criticize it , " he added . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jessica Yellin contributed to this report	GOP Sen. John Warner asks President Bush to announce Iraq withdrawal plan Democratic leadership aide presses for Warner to vote for pullback
In Illinois , African-Americans make up 15 % of the population -- but account for 58 % of the marijuana-possession arrests , according to the American Civil Liberties Union . In Alabama , African-Americans make up less than 25 % of the population -- but 60 % of the marijuana-possession arrests , the ACLU says . And in Minnesota 31 % of people arrested for marijuana possession are black , while African-Americans make up just 5 % of the state 's population , the organization adds . Those are just some of the statistics put forth by the ACLU in a new report that the organization says shows wide racial disparities in marijuana arrest rates nationwide . Using numbers it says come from FBI/Uniform Crime Reporting Program Data statistics and U.S. Census Data , the ACLU report tracks marijuana arrests by race and county in all 50 states and the District of Columbia . It concludes that the nationwide rate of marijuana-possession arrests for blacks is nearly four times greater than for whites , when arrest totals are compared with proportions of the population . And the ACLU says the findings show racial disparities in marijuana arrests have grown significantly over the past 10 years . Counting both juvenile and adult arrests , rates for whites have remained steady at about 192 arrests per 100,000 people . But the arrest rate for blacks rose from 537 per 100,000 in 2001 to 716 per 100,000 in 2010 , according to the report , meaning that proportionately , blacks are 3.7 times more likely than whites to be arrested for marijuana . DEA : Suburban mom by day , pot grower by night According to the ACLU , the racial disparity may still be greater . The FBI/Uniform Crime Reporting Program arrest data does not distinguish between white and Latino arrests because it does not identify Latinos as a distinct racial group , meaning Latinos arrested for marijuana possession are counted with whites . Increasing arrest rates do n't correlate to marijuana usage rates by race , according to data from the National Survey on Drug Use and Health 2001-2012 cited in the ACLU report . Among 18-25 year olds -- a group with higher arrest rates than other age groups , according to the report -- more whites than blacks said they used marijuana in surveys every year between 2001 and 2010 . In 2010 , for example , 27.6 % of African-Americans ages 18-25 and 33.4 % of whites in the same age group said they had used marijuana in the previous 12 months . Joseph Occhipinti , executive director of the National Police Defense Foundation , says despite the numbers , the disparity in arrest rates is n't racially motivated . Occhipinti , who had n't read the ACLU report but was familiar with it , said location and police intelligence were the main factors in marijuana arrests . "  Whenever we talk about drug enforcement , it 's predicated by intelligence and reports of activity , " he says , "  not race or ethnic group . " Occhipinti continues , "  These days police have close scrutiny , and the words ` racial profiling ' scare most cops . They just want to do their jobs . " But Ezekiel Edwards , director of the ACLU Criminal Law Reform Project and one of the primary authors of the new report , argues that racial disparity in marijuana arrests only cause more problems for people of color . "  The aggressive policing of marijuana is time-consuming , costly , racially biased , and does n't work , " says Edwards . "  These arrests have a significant detrimental impact on people 's lives , as well as on the communities in which they live . " The ACLU study estimates that combined , U.S. states spent over $ 3.6 billion enforcing marijuana possession laws in 2010 , and there was one marijuana arrest every 37 seconds . According to the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy , "  Marijuana is a harmful drug and its use should be prevented and treated -- not promoted . " But Robert MacCoun , professor of public policy and law at the University of California at Berkeley , says arrests do n't prevent marijuana use . "  These arrests rarely result in prosecution , and there is no basis for believing this is a deterrent , " he told CNN . "  It 's hard to see the purpose being served . The only use I can see is putting certain people , and in this case young black men , on notice . When you look at the statistical pattern , it 's hard not to see this as racial profiling . "	The ACLU cites what it says are wide disparities in arrest rates for marijuana possession ACLU : By population proportion , rates for blacks are nearly 4 times greater than whites The head of a police group says the disparity is n't racially motivated Arrests are based on "  intelligence and ... activity ... not race or ethnic group "
A North Carolina law that made women who wanted an abortion get an ultrasound , and then have the image described to them , is unconstitutional , a federal judge ruled Friday . "  The Supreme Court has never held that a state has the power to compel a health care provider to speak , in his or her own voice , the state 's ideological message in favor of carrying a pregnancy to term and this court declines to do so today , " U.S. District Judge Catherine Eagles said in her ruling . The law required abortion providers to perform an ultrasound and place the image in the woman 's line of sight . The fetus would then be described in detail , even if the woman asked the provider not to . Supporters of the law had argued that it would promote childbirth . The American Civil Liberties Union and other groups that brought the lawsuit praised the judge 's decision . "  Today 's court ruling protects the rights of women and their doctors from the ideological agenda of extremist lawmakers , " said Jennifer Rudinger , executive director of the ACLU of North Carolina . Oklahoma lost a similar fight in its own effort to require health care providers to perform an ultrasound before terminating a pregnancy . The U.S. Supreme Court in November refused to accept Oklahoma 's appeal over the law , which lower state courts had found unconstitutional . Supreme Court skeptical of buffer zones at abortion clinics	The law required women to get an ultrasound and have the image described to them "  Today 's court ruling protects the rights of women , " an ACLU spokeswoman says Supporters of the law had argued that it would promote childbirth
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. troops were among the casualties in the shooting rampage at the Colorado movie theater , including a sailor who was listed as unaccounted for , the Pentagon said Friday . The Defense Department released a statement that said one sailor was injured and another one , known to have been at the theater , was unaccounted for . Two airmen were wounded in the incident , it said . Buckley AFB in Aurora , Colorado , is the closest military base to the scene of the shootings . Spokesman Master Sgt. Jill Lavoie said some of the wounded were from Buckley . About 10,000 troops -- including members of the Air Force , Army and Marine Corps -- are stationed at Buckley . Soon after the shooting , the base initiated a head count , Lavoie said . One of the units on base is the 743rd Military Intelligence Battalion . A post Friday on its Facebook page said that the Traumatic Stress Response Team  Mental Health Support  and Emergency Family Assistance Control Center  EFACC  had been activated at the base chapel . "  If you or family members need assistance or counseling following the aftermath of the Aurora Movie Theater shooting , you can meet with the teams standing by to help you , " the posting says . The DoD statement also said that the suspect , James Holmes , is not a past or current member of any branch or component of the U.S. Armed Forces . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report	NEW : 1 sailor is unaccounted for , the Pentagon says Another sailor and 2 airmen were wounded , the Pentagon says Buckley AFB in Aurora , Colorado , is the closest base to the shooting scene Buckley 's traumatic stress response team has been activated
LONDON , England  CNN  -- More than 150 people have abandoned a sinking cruise liner that collided with an iceberg in Antarctic waters , a Chilean navy captain told CNN . The ship sent out a distress call at around 10 p.m. ET Thursday . Passenger ship Explorer reported problems near the South Shetland Islands , south of Argentina . The area is in a sector of Antarctica claimed by the United Kingdom . Capt. Carlos Munita of the Chilean navy said they received a distress call from the Explorer , saying the vessel had hit an iceberg around 10 p.m. ET Thursday . He added a Norwegian rescue ship had arrived at the scene . Tour companies describe the Explorer as a passenger ship which runs tours between South America and Antarctica . Some 154 people are reported to be on board ship , which carries a Liberian flag , including 100 passengers . However the nationalities of those on board is not yet known . Passengers and crew have been evacuated onto lifeboats , but the captain and the first officer are reported to have stayed on board . "  The great majority of people , including all the passengers , have been safely taken off the Explorer and are now being recovered by the first of the vessels to arrive on scene in response to the distress call , " Dave Jardine-Smith , head of the Maritime and Coastguard Agency 's  MCA  search and rescue team in England said . "  The passengers and crew from the Explorer have not been in lifeboats very long , " Jardine-Smith said . "  They should be , hopefully , in good condition . We are told that there are no injuries . " Earlier , Mark Clark , a spokesman for the MCA told the Press Association five ships were on their way to help the sinking vessel . "  She hit something and is taking on a serious amount of water , that is all we know . " The temperature in the area is said to be at around minus 5C , with a sea temperature at around minus 1C , forecasters told the Press Association . Stephen Davenport , senior forecaster with MeteoGroup , said : "  It would n't take long for hypothermia to set in at that kind of temperature in the sea . "  They do get very bad storms down that way , and gale force winds especially , because there is no land in the way , " he told PA. . Lt. Matt Alex from the US Coast Guard Atlantic Area command center said the boat is owned by Gap Adventures , based in Toronto , Canada . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	150 passengers evacuated from a ship after it struck object in Antarctic waters Ship , named Explorer , was expected to sink , British coastguards said Passengers in lifeboats , captain and first officer remain on board
CNN  -- In "  The Big Lie : Motherhood , Feminism , and the Reality of the Biological Clock , " I explore many Big Lies , one of which is that women can delay motherhood until we 're ready and if we 're not able to get pregnant naturally , then science will make it happen for us . Another Big Lie I write about is that we do n't need feminism anymore . In a way , these are two sides of the same lie . In the book , I make a strong argument for why we need feminism more than ever . The language of the biological clock has been around for decades , but conflicting or misleading messages persist . I believe it is the very role of feminists to arm women with knowledge so that they can make better choices to take control of their future . Some people claim that no one is unaware of the impact of age on fertility . They 're wrong . A Fertility Centers of Illinois public survey in 2012 showed that only 18.2 % of respondents accurately guessed how many couples are affected by fertility problems , and 28.1 % did n't know that fertility declines rapidly in women after age 35 . In addition , 68.4 % of survey respondents were n't aware that as part of a couple , both men and women are equally likely to be infertile . We should be getting this knowledge from our health educators and doctors , and we should be getting it earlier , possibly during sex education . ` The Big Lie ' in putting off pregnancy Headlines continue to distort the reality . Just last week , Jezebel ran a piece with the title , "  New study suggests biological-clock frenzy is bulls -- t. " Among the actual findings of the study , by the National Center for Health Statistics , is that while the use of infertility services had declined between 2006 and 2010 , white women with higher education levels and household income were the ones more likely to use such services . As sociology professor Arthur Greil , whom I also interviewed for my book , said to HealthDay , "  Women , and especially middle-class white women , are delaying having a first child even longer than before . Part of that reason may be because they have confidence that infertility treatments , when they need them , will work . For a lot of them , it 's a false confidence because the treatments work better when you 're young . " I started writing "  The Big Lie " after my third miscarriage in 2011 ; my first was three years earlier , when I was 37 . Since my book came out , I 've seen comments along the lines of , "  Just because she failed does n't mean others will . I have a friend who had two kids naturally in her 40s . " And maybe they will succeed , but they should know that they will be pushing back against tougher and tougher odds . As it happens , my doctors were clear that the biggest factor was my age . The pathologies from my first two miscarriages showed chromosomal abnormalities  by age 40 , half our eggs are chromosomally abnormal ; by age 42 , that figure is 90 %  ; the third was a blighted ovum -- which happens when a fertilized egg implants in the uterus but the embryo does n't develop . I believe we are at a critical juncture where women of my generation are hitting our 40s and realizing that while many of us do n't have children by choice , many of us do n't have them because we waited too long . U.S. women having fewer children We have been a guinea-pig generation when it comes to delaying fertility . According to a Pew study that was conducted in 2008 , nearly one in five American women had ended her childbearing years without having a child , compared with one in 10 in the 1970s . Of course , there are many paths to parenthood and one of the objectives of my book is to encourage people to pursue those options  surrogacy , egg donation and freezing , single parenthood , etc.  . Also , adoption : there are more than 100,000 children waiting to be adopted in the United States alone . In 2012 , there were about 400,000 children in foster care . However , many of the options are costly , and we can not separate conversations about the pursuit of parenthood from the economics of it . According to a 2012 report from the U.S. Department of Agriculture , it costs about $ 235,000 to raise a child for the first 17 years . When you factor in fertility treatments or adoption costs , etc. , many people simply ca n't afford to have children . I believe we have to make parenthood a more attainable goal by incorporating more fundamental fertility awareness in sex education and by providing more support through guaranteed parental leave , widespread insurance coverage for fertility treatments , subsidized childcare , etc. . I intended my book to be a conversation-starter and policy-changer . I explore how various factors , including feminism 's early victories and advances in reproductive science , dovetailed to create an atmosphere in which women believed their timetables for motherhood were more within their controls . Ultimately , though , "  The Big Lie " is a feminist book , intended to get women to push past the rhetoric and to arm themselves with information . Five questions on egg freezing One point of feminism , after all , has always been to push back against the sort of magical thinking that tells a woman that someone will be there to come to the rescue , whether a husband or a fertility doctor . That mind-set holds us back from solutions ; we have to balance the heartbreaking scenarios with the optimistic ones . Feminism provides a framework within which to argue for solutions to many of the issues that cut across geographic and economic lines . When I started telling my story , I was shocked to discover how many others had stories to tell , too -- if not about themselves , it was about a friend , mother , daughter , etc. . A 2009 survey of infertility patients by pharmaceutical giant Schering-Plough revealed that 61 % hide the struggle to get pregnant from friends and family . I am hopeful that my book will encourage others to normalize the discourse . I 've received dozens of e-mails and read many more comments by those for whom some aspect of my story rings true . I am certainly not the only woman to have multiple miscarriages . I 'm not the only woman whose marriage was a casualty of the process . And I 'm not the only woman to feel like maybe I waited too long to try to have a biological child . Nor am I the first to write about all these . There are excellent books by Peggy Orenstein , Amy Richards , Miriam Zoll and more . I 've been inspired by those who turn adversity into action . Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor wrote in her memoir , "  My Beloved World , " "  There are uses to adversity , and they do n't reveal themselves until tested ... Difficulty can tap unsuspected strengths . " In my case , I took what I learned from my mistakes and from my experience with delayed motherhood and used it as a starting point to interview dozens of women of various ages , sociologists , adoption counselors , and fertility doctors about their opinions . The result is a book that I hope will help others . I explore the choices that women have to make during the course of their lives -- including the choice to have children or not . Women and men need to share their stories , educate themselves , strategize for their goals , advocate for a better future -- and not to be afraid of feminism . Women do n't need any more Big Lies . The opinions expressed are solely those of Tanya Selvaratnam . Watch Sanjay Gupta MD Saturday at 4:30 pm and Sunday at 7:30 am ET . For the latest from Sanjay Gupta MD click here .	Many women are unaware of the impact of age on fertility Waiting to have your first child could be a mistake , author says "  We have been a guinea-pig generation when it comes to delaying fertility " We need feminism now more than ever , Tanya Selvaratnam says
London , England  CNN  -- The diplomatic cables published by WikiLeaks throw up revealing details about how the world looks at Britain 's royal family , as well as highlighting the occasional episode when erstwhile-royal behavior forces its way on to the agenda of international meetings . There is a frank assessment of Prince Charles by the political director of the Commonwealth group of countries . Amitav Banerji tells an officer at the U.S. Embassy in London that the prince does not "  command the same respect " among Commonwealth members as does Queen Elizabeth , according to a cable sent on June 11 , 2009 . Banerji says Commonwealth officials were trying to get the prince "  more involved " in the organization , according to the cable . It goes on to report Banerji saying the issue of whether Prince Charles would succeed his mother as head of the Commonwealth would be dealt with after the queen passes . There is no rule stipulating the British monarch must head the organization , the cable notes ; nor is there any procedure for selecting a new head . Approached by CNN for a response , a spokesman for the Commonwealth said it did not comment on privileged communication . Prince Charles also crops up in a cable sent from Amman , Jordan , on February 19 , 2004 . This time the assessment is less frank and rather more bizarre . The cable details a briefing to the U.S. ambassador by the then-Jordanian Foreign Minister Marwan Muasher , who is describing what the cable calls the "  stark ignorance " shown by Syria towards the rest of the world . By way of an example , he cites comments by Syria 's Foreign Minister Farouq Sharaa , to Jordanian officials , that Prince Charles was on the point of being implicated in a Scottish judicial investigation into Princess Diana 's death ; as a result , said the Syrian minister , the prince was about to embark on a trip to Iraq and Iran "  to seek the support of the Muslim world . " "  They just do n't get it , " Muasher told the U.S. ambassador , referring to the Syrians . And Prince Charles ' one-time sister-in-law , Sarah Ferguson , landed Britain 's former Foreign Minister David Miliband , in hot water , according to a cable described in the Guardian newspaper but not yet published by WikiLeaks . The newspaper , which has had sight of the cables in advance of their publication , reports that a documentary made by the former Duchess of York about the treatment of disabled children in Turkish care centers "  topped the agenda " at talks between Miliband and his Turkish counterpart , Ali Babacan , in November 2008 . Turkey said the documentary , which saw Sarah Ferguson disguise her identity to gain access to the centers , was aimed at compromising its efforts to join the EU , the paper says . Miliband is reported to have reminded Babacan that as Ferguson was no longer a member of the royal family , "  her activities could no longer be controlled . "	Commonwealth officer says prince does n't "  command the same respect " as the queen Syrian perceptions called into question by minister Miliband reminds minister that Sarah Ferguson is no longer a royal
John McCain is still angry . But soon , he 'll have power and an old enemy , President Barack Obama , is already in his sights . In the latest redemptive twist of a career of political and personal ups and downs , the Arizona Republican senator will take on one of the most weighty jobs in Congress when the new Republican majority rolls into town next month . As Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , McCain will hold the White House to account for what he sees as a feckless foreign policy that has enabled "  genocide " in Syria , left "  evil " to fill a leadership vacuum elsewhere and splintered America 's moral example around the world . "  History judges people by what is accomplished or is not accomplished , whether there has been victory or defeat , that is the ultimate judgment , " McCain said when asked by CNN to rate Obama 's record as a statesman . "  I think you could argue that the world is vastly changed and it certainly is not to the benefit of democracy , freedom or America 's role in the world . " McCain 's new post is an unexpected coda for a turbulent life in which he was tortured as a Vietnam prisoner-of-war , emerged from a savings and loan scandal as a campaign finance champion and was a maverick who beat cancer and dubbed adoring reporters on his campaign bus his "  base . " Now , from his perch on Armed Services , McCain will be back where he is happiest , where the political fight is at its most intense . He has a chance to reshape his own legacy , and ensure that the last word on his political career is not two losing presidential campaigns and his pick of running mate Sarah Palin , who critics blasted as unqualified to be a heartbeat away from the presidency . Top Obama aides will soon find themselves trooping up to Capitol Hill for inquisitions before his committee . McCain is promising to use the power of the purse to force Obama 's hand on key issues including Ukraine and Syria . McCain also wants to end sequester budget cuts he says are stifling the military and cost overruns that plague the Pentagon 's procurement process . He 's planning to form a powerful triumvirate with Sen. Bob Corker , incoming chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and Sen. Richard Burr , the new head of the Intelligence Committee , to drive the foreign policy agenda . Confrontation He 's planning to confront the White House on Syria , Ukraine , Iran nuclear talks , the struggle against ISIS and the President 's decision to establish diplomatic ties with communist Cuba . Republicans are also expected to use funding bills for government departments to constrain administration foreign policy in some areas and to target it in others , in effect daring Obama to veto wider bills that include elements he might oppose . In the six years since Obama beat him in the presidential race , McCain has been seething from the sidelines , prompting some to caricature him as an "  angry old man " squandering a reputation for heroism and integrity . It 's been an odd kind of political purgatory , since it 's rare there 's a day he 's not on cable TV . McCain has also had some victories , helping torpedo Obama 's preferred pick for secretary of state , Susan Rice , and ridiculing White House political appointees for ambassadorial posts , including a soap opera producer dispatched to Hungary . OPINION : John McCain 's political comeback But he has been unable to change the substance of Obama 's foreign policy . The President has ignored McCain 's calls for the United States to align much more closely with moderate rebels in the cauldron of Syria 's civil war . His hawkish recommendations on confronting Vladimir Putin have also gone unheard . His searing criticism did not stop Obama pulling out of Iraq , though Republicans claim vindication following the rise of ISIS . But McCain will come out of the wilderness in January . In the interview , he decried a "  vacuum created by the lack of American leadership which has been filled in by evil influences . " "  Countries no longer believe in American leadership , so therefore , they are making their own accommodations , not only in the Middle East but also in what used to be eastern Europe , " he said . It 's a worldview reflected on the walls of McCain 's Senate conference room , which features letters and photos from the likes of Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher , leaders who drew firm ideological lines and did n't suffer critics gladly . At times , McCain 's moral outrage over Syria or Ukraine seems to burst out of him and contrasts with the cold-eyed realism of a President who believes he was elected to end wars , not to get into new quagmires . ` Immoral ' "  We are watching one of the great episodes of genocide certainly in our century , " McCain said , when asked to assess Obama 's Syria policy . "  Two hundred thousand people dead , 3.5 million refugees , 150,000 still languishing in  Syrian leader  Bashar al-Assad 's prisons . " He added : "  We have basically sat by and done very little ... what we are doing is not only unworkable , it 's immoral . " Democrats see McCain as the embodiment of a Republican reflex to respond to every global problem with military force , which led America into misadventures like the war in Iraq . Some Obama aides also believe McCain never truly accepted his loss in 2008 , and see him as now more interested in political fireworks than serious legislating . Obama clearly had the likes of McCain on his mind when he mounted a defense of his foreign policy with CNN 's Candy Crowley on Sunday . "  There is this knee jerk sense on the part of some of the foreign policy establishment that shooting first and thinking about it second projects strength . I disagree with that , " Obama said . Prospective Republican presidential candidate Rand Paul , fighting claims he is an isolationist , meanwhile said at a Wall Street Journal forum this month that McCain wants 15 more wars . In recent months , McCain 's fury has spilled out in committee hearing showdowns with top officials including Secretary of State John Kerry and his new deputy , Tony Blinken . "  It 's too bad you ca n't answer straightforward questions , Mr. Blinken , " McCain said in an interrogation which angered allies of the popular White House official . McCain also lacerated Chuck Hagel , a fellow veteran of Vietnam and the Senate , who stumbled through a notorious confirmation hearing last year on the way to becoming Defense Secretary . People who know McCain are not at all shocked he 's still trading punches and not walking off into the Arizona sunset after a lifetime of service . He often notes that his father and grandfather died soon after retirement and does n't plan to make the same mistake . "  It does n't surprise me at all . He has always been someone to run to the sound of the guns , and be in the arena where important decisions are being made , " said Richard Fontaine , who worked for McCain for five years as a foreign policy adviser . But at 78 , and uncertain whether Republicans can hold their majority in 2016 , there is a certain poignancy to McCain . ` Running out of time ' "  I 'm running out of time , " he snapped last month , cutting off Kerry in a five minute Foreign Relations Committee Q&A , offering a metaphor for a career approaching its final act with much left to say and do . There 's also the question of his own Arizona Senate seat which tops the list for Tea Party insurgents looking for Republican scalps . McCain says he 's close to announcing a run for a sixth term in 2016 -- which would take him through to age 86 -- and expects a tough fight . Former NATO ambassador Kurt Volker , who now runs Arizona State University 's McCain Institute , says the senator is simply not done fighting . "  He has a strong sense of values and character , " Volker said . "  His book ` Character is Destiny ' is all about how character determines a person and determines events . He continues to want to fight for what needs to be done . He is unrelenting . " That streak of idealism underpins some of McCain 's most admired political achievements -- for example his role in normalizing diplomatic relations with Vietnam , which required an embrace of a nation which incarcerated him . It was on display again this month when , with the moral authority of a torture victim , he was a rare Republican to back a report outlining harsh interrogation methods . "  The truth is sometimes a hard pill to swallow , " McCain said on the floor . "  It sometimes causes us difficulties at home and abroad . It is sometimes used by our enemies in attempts to hurt us . But the American people are entitled to it nonetheless . " The speech won near universal praise , especially from liberals . "  Breathtaking , " said Vice President Joe Biden . Daily Show host Jon Stewart quipped : "  Good McCain " -- "  I 've missed you so much . I did n't think I would ever see you again . " McCain 's intervention was a reminder that for all his talk of history ultimately only crediting winners , he may be remembered as much for how he fought for his beliefs as what he achieved . Few people know McCain as well as Kerry , who endured another tongue lashing from his old sparring partner in November . "  I believe in John 's adage that a fight not joined is a fight not enjoyed , " Kerry said .	McCain to challenge Obama foreign policy in new Senate post Arizona Sen. sees US foreign policy as immoral Latest twist in a career of comebacks McCain has chance to reshape his legacy in twilight of career
CNN  -- North Korea , reeling from a powerful tropical cyclone , will accept aid from South Korean government for the first time in two years , South Korea said Monday . The United Nations World Food Program called for emergency help for North Korea after cyclone Bolaven hit in August , killing at least 48 and leaving 21,000 homeless , according to North Korea 's state news agency KCNA . Some media reported that the death toll could be higher . Typhoon tourism : One week in North Korea The storm followed widespread flooding in late July from heavy rains , which caused the death of at least 169 people , according to KCNA . South Korea offered aid to North Korea through the Korean Red Cross last week . "  We got a reply back from North Korea this morning , " requesting aid , said Park Soo-jin , deputy spokeswoman of South Korea 's Unification Ministry . The two countries are still legally at war and relations between them are tense at the best of times . South Korea halted aid to the North after it shelled Yeongpyeong Island in November 2010 , killing two South Korean marines and two civilians . Pyongyang claimed it was retaliating for South Korean artillery landing in their waters during a military drill . This is not the first aid proposal by the South . Last year , Seoul offered Pyongyang aid in the form of instant noodles and biscuits , but the offer was rejected after the North called for rice and cement , according to Yonhap News Agency . The aid deal will be discussed via document exchanges through the neutral village of Panmunjom . North Korea agreed to accept food aid from a private agency , the Korea Peace Foundation , in January , South Korea 's Unification Ministry said at the time . TIME : North Korea threatens South over Christmas lights	North Korea is suffering after a powerful tropical cyclone hit last month , killing dozens The United Nations called for emergency aid North Korea has n't taken aid from the South in two years North and South are legally at war and relations between the two are very tense
New York  CNN  -- On Memorial Day , we honor those patriots who gave "  the last full measure of devotion " -- in Abraham Lincoln 's words -- and died defending our freedom and union . But this Memorial Day is partly clouded by the resurgence of partisan scandal in Washington . At the IRS , employees filtered through the exploding number of tax exemption applications by politically associated organizations by being on the lookout for groups that had the name "  Tea Party " and "  Patriot " in their name . This was improper , illegal , unethical and outrageous . But hold on -- when did the word "  patriot " become a partisan pejorative ? How did such a bipartisan positive word get identified as a sign of hyperpartisan politics ? It 's actually an interesting story . Over the past few years , you might have noticed more than few political fundraising e-mails addressing you as "  Fellow Patriot . " They ai n't from the ACLU . They tend to be from conservative activist groups , and there is more than a little self-congratulation in their tribal identifier . The idea , of course , is that their fellow travelers on the right side of the aisle are the "  real " patriots -- related to Sarah Palin 's "  Real Americans " -- defenders of a political faith and traditional way of life under attack by liberals , Democrats , demographics and above all , President Barack Obama . The fact that many of these self-styled superpatriots seem to hate their twice-elected president is itself a sign of just how dumb the false dualities that dominate our politics can be . But it 's nothing new . Like so many themes in our politics , there are echoes of the past in our present debates . Going back to at least the virulently anti-Catholic "  Know-Nothing " Party of the 1800s , conservative populists have always styled themselves as superpatriots whose commitment to our country outpaces their neighbors and especially our country 's newest arrivals . There has always been an anxiety -- most recently articulated by Pat Buchanan and Anne Coulter -- that immigration will change the complexion and cultural character of our country . It has always been ultimately exposed as xenophobia poising as patriotism . Three of my grandparents arrived to the United States more or less a century ago from Southern Europe , and they were derided as "  garlic eaters " and far worse by some earlier immigrants , but welcomed with open arms by many more . Their achievement of the American Dream is why I proudly count myself as an almost cheesy patriot of the Norman Rockwell variety . But history teaches us to be wary of people who lord their patriotism over others and use it to divide rather than unite . The precursors to some of today 's more cultish conservative groups emerged during post-war anxiety about the legitimate threat of communism and the McCarthy-ite excesses that flowed out of that era 's right wing politics . The us-against-them , "  enemy within " rhetoric of the John Birch Society endures today in the polemics of Glenn Beck , Alex Jones and others . The early growth of self-styled paramilitary groups began in the early 1960s during the presidency of John F. Kennedy -- a committed Cold Warrior , but not incidentally a Catholic and a Democrat . The "  Minutemen " were one such group who thrived off survivalist drills and a supposed plan to "  confiscate all private firearms by the end of 1965 . " We hear similar strains of fearmongering today in the attempts to block the universal gun background check bill . Notably , the Minutemen 's founder , Robert Bolivar DePugh , briefly tried to form a political party called -- you guessed it -- The Patriot Party . They fell into some discredit when DePugh 's followers were implicated in a half-baked plot to attack the United Nations . At the time , former President Dwight Eisenhower , a Republican , felt compelled to weigh in by saying , "  I do n't think the United States needs Super-Patriots . ... We need patriotism , honestly practiced by all of us and we do n't need these people -LSB- who pretend to be -RSB- more patriotic than you or anybody else . " Ike 's advice was good then and now . He had the credibility that comes from leading our troops in World War II . Nobody with half a brain was going to accuse him of being anything less than a full-fledged patriot  which did n't stop the founder of the John Birch Society from accusing him of being a Soviet agent just as Obama is called a Muslim Marxist by some today . Over the past decade , we 've seen the explosive growth of paramilitary style "  patriot " groups -- to more than 1,000 according to the Southern Poverty Law Center . This dynamic definitely did n't help the word "  patriot " recover its bipartisan bona fides . Neither did the impulse of some on the far left since the late 1960s to denigrate patriotism and military service as signs of what they call American imperialism . The fact that the word "  patriot " was used as a filter by IRS workers is a sign of the persistence of culture wars in our politics , perhaps more prevalent now than ever because of the rise of partisan media . It is a deep breach of the trust that the IRS has struggled to rebuild since the audit scandals of the Nixon administration . And it is a particular irony that the completely inappropriate partisan filter they used will no doubt actually impede investigations of what might ultimately be revealed to be a more widespread scandal -- the illegal abuse of tax-free status by partisan political groups . But the damage has been done . When the word "  patriot " becomes a pejorative , it is a sign of how much our shared civic faith has been denigrated by the rise of hyperpartisan politics . The very emotion that should unite us all as Americans is too often used as a wedge to divide us . On this Memorial Day , that 's worth reflection and a determination to do better as one small way of honoring those whose sacrifice makes all our bitter political battles seem small and self-indulgent . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : It 's telling and sad that IRS workers were on lookout for "  patriot " groups "  Patriot " is a word whose meaning has been corrupted by extremists , he says Avlon : Past decade has seen exploding number of "  patriot " paramilitary groups
CNN  -- Germany 's industrial sector is known for its efficiency . Its automotive industry is among the most successful in Europe , and stands as the third largest in the world . But with an aging population , the country is struggling to meet the demand for a skilled workforce which can continue to propel manufacturing forward . Cue the "  Factory of the Future " , a 17,000 square foot innovation hub in the city of Chemnitz where researchers experiment with new technologies and machinery in a bid to improve the production process . Developed by scientists at Fraunhofer Institute for Machine Tools and Forming Technology in Saxony , the factory is particularly committed to rethinking the role of humans in manufacturing lines . "  The processes we are developing today are so much more complex , " says Professor Dirk Landgrebe , director of the institute . "  The machines and resources are so much more sophisticated that we will need qualified people to handle these processes in the future , " he adds . Virtual training To ensure future workers are fully prepared , the lab has created a state of the art virtual environment where potential employees can test out the new technologies and intelligent systems that are set to form the building blocks of German industry . Employees enter a 3D room which can take on the appearance of a factory or even a piece of equipment . By using a controller , the advanced technology detects head motion , adapts to movement and changes the user 's view accordingly . Funding innovation Fraunhofer Institute , the brains of the "  Factory of the Future " operation , is part of the 70 institutions committed to researching and developing new ways to enhance Germany 's industrial landscape . The German government is also involved in funding work that will eventually form the infrastructure of German production . "  Our task at Fraunhofer is to bring as much of our research as possible straight into industrial production , " says Matthia Putz , director at Fraunhofer Institute . "  We do n't focus on reports , we develop new products and new technologies together with industrial partners , " he adds . Germany 's manufacturing industry has long held the standard for innovation , and even though it has faced challenges , it looks like "  The Factory of the Future " may keep the country from losing its edge .	Germany 's industry is among the most successful in Europe However , the aging population struggles to meet the demand for workforce A new project , Factory of the Future , tries to rethink the role of humans in manufacturing
In the wake of criticism over a two-game suspension for Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice , the NFL has established a six-game unpaid ban for personnel who violate the league 's policy on domestic violence , Commissioner Roger Goodell said Thursday . A second incident would be punished by a lifetime ban from the league , Goodell said in a letter and memo to the owners of the league 's 32 teams . Without referring to Rice by name , he acknowledged in his letter that he made the wrong decision in that case . "  I did n't get it right . Simply put , we have to do better . And we will , " he wrote . The policy , which is effective immediately , also applies to other types of violence . "  Violations of the Personal Conduct Policy regarding assault , battery , domestic violence or sexual assault that involve physical force will be subject to a suspension without pay of six games for a first offense , with consideration given to mitigating factors , as well as a longer suspension when circumstances warrant . " Goodell said the circumstances that would warrant a longer suspension include incidents that predate a person 's time with an NFL team or acts that involve choking , repeated blows or a weapon . They also include violence against a pregnant woman or in view of child . Lifetime bans may be appealed after a year . The players union issued a response . "  We were informed today of the NFL 's decision to increase penalties on domestic violence offenders under the Personal Conduct Policy for all NFL employees . As we do in all disciplinary matters , if we believe that players ' due process rights are infringed upon during the course of discipline , we will assert and defend our members ' rights , " the NFL Players Association said in its statement . Read the letter and memo Rice was suspended for two games after video showed him dragging his unconscious fiancee -- whom he later married -- from an elevator . Rice resolved the charges stemming from the incident with his now-wife , Janay , and entered a pretrial intervention program in May , the NFL said . Under the program , he wo n't be prosecuted , and the charges will be expunged after a year , the league said . The punishments , both from the NFL and from the criminal justice system , were widely decried as too light , and the issue quickly spiraled into debates over domestic violence and victim-blaming . Opinion : NFL , apologize to women for Ray Rice Goodell 's letter tells teams to distribute a memo about the new policy to each player and all members of the organizations . The NFL 's Personal Conduct Policy states that employees are "  held to a higher standard " of conduct . "  Persons who fail to live up to this standard of conduct are guilty of conduct detrimental and subject to discipline , even where the conduct itself does not result in conviction of a crime , " the policy states . The NFL regular season is 16 games . Ravens ' Ray Rice : ` My actions were inexcusable '	Players union says it will continue to defend players rights The new policy takes effect immediately , NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell says The commissioner admitted he should have punished Ray Rice more severely Rice got two-game suspension after video showed him dragging his now-wife
Former newspaper editor and ex-Downing Street communications chief Andy Coulson was found guilty Tuesday of conspiracy to hack phones in what is widely seen as an embarrassment for British Prime Minister David Cameron . But another of Rupert Murdoch 's former newspaper chiefs , Rebekah Brooks , was unanimously cleared of all charges at the Old Bailey court in London after an eight-month trial , her lawyer said . Brooks was overcome by emotion in the courtroom as the verdicts were read out , the UK 's Press Association news agency said . She left the Old Bailey accompanied by her husband , Charlie Brooks , but did not stop to speak to the waiting media . The jury went home Tuesday night without coming to a decision on charges of conspiring to commit misconduct in a public office against Coulson and former News of the World royal editor Clive Goodman . Jurors will return at 11 a.m.  6 a.m. ET  Wednesday to resume deliberations . Tuesday 's verdicts came three years after it was revealed that journalists on News of the World hacked the phone of then-missing teenager Milly Dowler in 2002 , raising hopes that she was alive and checking messages , when in fact she had been murdered . The resulting public and political outrage led to the closure of the 168-year-old paper and the setting up of a public inquiry to examine journalistic ethics . At the time the schoolgirl 's voice mail was intercepted , Brooks was editor of Britain 's top-selling News of the World , and Coulson was her deputy . After Coulson succeeded her as editor , Brooks edited The Sun newspaper , and she later became chief executive of the parent company , News International . Coulson resigned as News of the World editor in 2007 after its then-royal editor , Goodman , and a private investigator , Glenn Mulcaire , were jailed for hacking into voice-mail messages left for royal aides . Coulson denied any wrongdoing and later became Cameron 's director of communications . The former editor resigned from his Downing Street position in 2011 as coverage of the phone hacking scandal broadened . Cameron : Hiring Coulson ` wrong decision ' Cameron , who has faced criticism for hiring Coulson , gave what he called a "  full and frank apology " Tuesday in a statement to the media , saying he took "  full responsibility " for his former aide 's recruitment . The Prime Minister said he had decided to give the former editor "  a second chance " on the basis of promises Coulson had given that he did not know about phone hacking . "  I am extremely sorry that I employed him , it was the wrong decision , and I am very clear about that , " Cameron said . He added that there had been no complaints about the work Coulson did for him either at Downing Street or beforehand when Cameron was leader of the opposition . Coulson 's guilty verdict on the charge of conspiring to hack phones "  raises important questions about David Cameron 's judgment in employing him , " said Matthew Ashton , an expert in politics and the media at Nottingham Trent University . "  In particular what warnings did he receive beforehand , and how rigorous was the vetting and interview process ? "  Regardless of the verdicts , this trial has raised important questions about the relationship between the political , economic and media elites in the UK . " Brooks ' husband , aide also cleared Brooks resigned as News International CEO in July 2011 amid public anger over hacking allegations , and police arrested her the following week . Brooks and Coulson were charged in 2012 , together with five other journalists , with conspiracy to intercept the voice mails of high-profile figures in Britain . All seven denied wrongdoing . Brooks also faced , along with her husband and her former personal assistant , Cheryl Carter , two charges of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice . All three were cleared of those charges , the Press Association reported . Retired managing editor Stuart Kuttner , who was cleared of conspiracy to hack phones , thanked his legal team in a statement outside court . "  The diligence , the dedication and perhaps , above all , the passion of my lawyers over the past three years has been extraordinary , most remarkable -- and it is to them that I owe a huge and enduring thanks for the result , the unanimous verdict of the jury today . " News UK , the UK newspaper publishing arm of Murdoch 's News Corp. , said in a statement : "  We said long ago , and repeat today , that wrongdoing occurred , and we apologized for it . We have been paying compensation to those affected and have cooperated with investigations . " The publisher said it was making changes to ensure this kind of wrongdoing did not recur and that it supported a new UK press watchdog expected to start work later this year . "  Out of respect for the fact that further legal proceedings will occur , we will have no further comment at this time , " the statement added . Clandestine affair During the trial , the jury heard how a private detective working for the tabloid allegedly made more than 6,000 hacking calls in a two-year period . The Metropolitan Police estimate there were more than 1,000 victims , including royalty , politicians and celebrities . The phone of Kate Middleton , now the Duchess of Cambridge and wife of Prince William , was hacked 155 times , it was revealed at the trial . In November , prosecutors alleged that Coulson had a clandestine affair with Brooks from 1998-2004 , which they argued showed the pair 's level of trust . Referring to a letter she had written to Coulson and that was produced in court , Brooks said : "  Andy and I were incredibly close at the time . He was my best friend . I think that comes across . " She denied there had been a long-standing affair but acknowledged there had been periods of physical intimacy . The BBC and Guardian newspaper reported that when Coulson testified in April -- with his wife watching from the public gallery -- he said the affair "  should n't have happened . " But he denied that it meant he and Brooks had shared sensitive stories , the outlets said . In her defense , Brooks denied in court that she had ever approved phone hacking while she was News of the World editor . Asked about the practice , Brooks said : "  No desk editor , no journalist ever came to me and said , ` We 're working on such and such story , and we need to access their voice mails . ' " She told the court she would have felt it was "  a serious breach of somebody 's privacy , especially if you did not have an overwhelming public interest , " and of the newspaper industry 's code of conduct . Get up to speed on UK phone hacking scandal 7 amazing things we learned during the hacking trial	Jurors in phone hacking trial retire for the night , to return Wednesday morning Andy Coulson found guilty of conspiracy to hack phones ; jury still considering other charges Former newspaper chief Rebekah Brooks is cleared of all charges "  I am extremely sorry that I employed him , " PM David Cameron says of ex-aide Coulson
It 's easy to write off Bolivia 's largest city as just another congested , chaotic Latin American metropolis . As more international travelers discover Bolivia for its biodiversity , where they can explore the Andes , the Amazon basin and the world 's largest salt lake in one visit , La Paz is their most likely point of entry . But to most , it 's little more than that -- a place to spend a day or two sipping coca tea and adjust to life at 10,000 feet while planning adventures . The congestion and chaos quickly become apparent as you descend the Altiplano to the "  bowl " of the downtown core , a tangled maze of steep and winding streets . The cultural legacy of Bolivia 's largest indigenous groups , the Quechua and Aymara , permeate the busy urban landscape , where vehicles compete with pedestrians and sidewalk vendors . With elevations ranging from 9,800 to 13,450 feet , "  the city that touches the sky " has plenty of distinctions that come in handy in bar trivia : home of the world 's highest international airport and highest seat of government . Its elevation also makes for extreme temperature : sunny , hot days and cold , windy nights . But a closer look reveals some unexpected surprises that are n't spelled out in tour guides . Plaza San Francisco Flanked by the Iglesia de San Francisco , a noisy thoroughfare and a busy side street , Plaza San Francisco is not the prettiest public space La Paz has to offer , but it 's a great place to people-watch . Women dressed in traditional indigenous style of bowler hats and poofy petticoats , babies slung over their shoulders in colorful wraps , wait for buses alongside teens in skinny jeans and heavy eye makeup . Vendors in blue jumpsuits push around carts of ice cream which everyone seems to be eating . The San Francisco church is worth a visit in itself . Its stone-carved facade is in the intricate style of 16-century baroque and mestizo architecture . A tour of the basilica and cloister offers an overview of La Paz 's founding and fight for independence , along with an opportunity to glimpse the city from the bell tower . Calle Jaen The city 's last remaining example of what a street looked like in colonial times could be considered one of the most touristy parts of La Paz , owing to the polish of its refurbished structures . But in a busy metropolis that does n't go out of its way to cater to tourists , it 's a peaceful stretch of cobblestone and colorful buildings that brings to mind other colonial cities like Antigua , Guatemala , or Campeche , Mexico . Step inside one of the dimly-lit bars or restaurants and you 'll find quiet courtyards shielded from the bustle of the city . The street is home to four museums in colonial homes , noteworthy for their architecture as much as their exhibits . Museo de Casa Murillo -- former home of Pedro Domingo Murillo , one of the martyrs of the La Paz Independence movement of July 16 , 1809 -- features paintings , furniture and clothing from an era when La Paz was torn between loyalty to the Spanish viceroy and support for indigenous rights . At the Museo de Instrumentos Musicales , also a school and meeting place for aspiring musicians , visitors are likely to stumble upon a jam session of charango players or pan flutists . Students of the school often put on Saturday night performances , where you might catch a guitar duet performed by a 7-year-old prodigy and his Japanese instructor . Museo Nacional de Etnografia y Folklore If you 're in Bolivia long enough , chances are you 'll stumble on a parade or celebration where traditional Bolivian song and dance is the centerpiece  yet another reason to stick around La Paz on the weekend  . The colorful costumes and masks , representative of dances from different regions and evocative of the film , "  Return to Oz , " might leave the uninitiated wondering what the heck is going on . The Museo Nacional de Etnografia y Folklore offers some explanation for why horned devil masks and caricatures of African slaves figure prominently in folklore in an impressive display of masks and costumes . For extra trivia , check out the exhibit on the participation of transvestites in cultural celebrations of the late 20th century . Most Wednesdays , the museum keeps its doors open late for a show by the renowned Ballet Folklórico de La Paz , in which dancers decked out in full garb demonstrate customs from various regions , minus the drunken revelry of the street . Local markets , Witches Market , Calles Sagarnaga and Linares Most Western tourists will have little use for items at local markets . But they 're good for getting a sense of how Bolivians shop and what seems to be popular : puffy corn resembling Styrofoam , exotic seeds , reams of multi-colored fabric , shoes and underwear , cell phone chips , kitchen accessories , a shoe shine , keys made by hand . Those who 've never seen a dried llama or alpaca fetus would do well to check out Witches Market , which also offers charms and herbs that purport to prolong sexual encounters or attract secret crushes . Vendors down the street on Calle Linares down to Sagarnaga sell the traditional goods that tourists tend to look for in South America -- colorful hats and scarves made of alpaca and llama wool bearing images of alpacas and llamas , colorful rugs and textiles , jewelry with indigenous designs , all cheaper than you 'll find similar items in Peru or Chile . Street food At the local markets , tucked among the stalls of clothes and housekeeping products , foreigners can eat like a local at the same prices as a local , $ 1 to $ 2 on average . Eating in the street is not for everyone , especially those with sensitive stomachs , but it 's worth for the risk for those willing to try . Bolivia is a meat and potatoes kind of country , with a knack for throwing fried eggs on the side and a few pieces of yucca if you 're lucky . Women push around carts that double as kitchen counters from which they prepare full course meals , from lechon to empanadas to roasted pork sandwiches . At night , more roving carts appear , offering tripe or hamburgers and hot dogs and salchipapas  sausages and french fries  . Fresh fruit juice stands are abundant , but should also be approached with caution . Cups of pear juice with a fuzzy pit resting at the bottom may remind you of the llama fetus at Witches Market , but drink it and you 'll be treated to one of the sweetest drinks without artificial sweetener you 'll ever try . Do n't forget to suck on the pit when you 're done !	Travelers visiting Bolivia often overlook city of La Paz La Paz offers introduction to blend of indigenous , Spanish traditions Catch a charango jam session at Museo de Instrumentos Musicales Local and tourist markets offer chances to eat like a local
CNN  -- Roger Federer is "  excited " by the return of Rafael Nadal to the ATP Tour , but could face his great Spanish rival in the quarterfinals as he defends his Masters 1000 Series title at Indian Wells . Nadal made his return from seven months out through injury in clay court tournaments in South America , but will be playing his first hard court event as he tests his troublesome knee . World No. 2 Federer , who is seeking his first trophy of 2013 , is delighted Nadal is returning to the big time in California . "  I only just saw him yesterday after my practice . I was really excited to see him again , " the Swiss maestro told the official ATP Tour website . "  We had n't had much contact . I think he wanted to get away from it all , which I really understand . " Nadal won the final tournament of his early season ` clay court swing ' in Mexico at the weekend and Federer took note . "  I was really happy to see him doing so well in Acapulco . It 's great to see him here playing on the hard courts . I 'm hoping to catch up with him this week . " Nadal , a two-time former winner in Indian Wells , said he was in good shape for the challenge ahead . "  I feel very good . I 've practiced two times here , " he said . "  But seriously , I understand my situation after seven months . I think it 's not the right moment to talk about the knee . I am here to try my best and that 's what I 'm going to try . We 'll see how the knee responds on hard . "  The results on clay were positive , especially because the knee was feeling better and better every week , especially last week . Now I 'm going to try here . " Both will have their work cut out to prevent World No. 1 Novak Djokovic getting his hands on the trophy for the third time . The Serbian is on a 17-match unbeaten run , stretching back to November last year , winning the Australian Open and Dubai titles in 2013 . He potentially faces No. 3 Andy Murray in the semifinals . Djokovic beat the Scot in the final of the first grand slam of the season in Australia . The top women in the world , led by No. 2 and Australian Open champion Victoria Azarenka , are playing in a WTA event at the same venue . No. 1 Serena Williams is skipping the tournament . In second round action Friday , former Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova had to battle past Olga Govortsova of the Belarus , 6-4 3-6 6-3 , while Maria Sharapova beat Francesca Schiavone in straight sets in a later match .	Roger Federer relishes Rafael Nadal 's return Arch rivals could face off in the quarterfinals at Indian Wells No. 1 Novak Djokovic favorite for the hard court title Victoria Azarenka tops women 's seedings
CNN  -- A cat and mouse game is being played out in Russia involving Alexei Navalny , Russia 's best known anti-corruption campaigner . Its consequences could cast a shadow over the future of the Putin regime . Navalny , who has announced his candidacy for mayor of Moscow , achieved prominence by producing a blog that provided detailed reports on the corruption of Russian state-run companies , including the theft of $ 4 billion by executives from Transneft , the state-owned pipeline company . What 's behind Navalny 's conviction ? When massive protests broke out after the falsified December 4 , 2011 , parliamentary elections , Navalny emerged as one of its leaders and in the eyes of many , a future Russian presidential candidate . All this seemingly came to an end when Navalny was sentenced to five years in a labor camp on July 18 after being convicted of misappropriating roughly $ 500,000 worth of state-owned timber while he served as an adviser to the governor of the Kirov region . Before the trial , Navalny predicted his conviction . "  They did n't fabricate this case in order to allow an  acquittal  , " he said . The day after the conviction , however , the state prosecutor stunned observers by requesting that Navalny be freed on bail so he could continue to campaign for mayor of Moscow . Navalny is now free to campaign against Sergei Sobianin , the Kremlin-backed candidate , who has 73 % of support in the opinion polls . Opinion : Putin , a hypocrite on Snowden , Navalny This seeming act of generosity , however , may have a hidden motive . Elections in Russia do not resemble elections in the West . The core of a victorious candidate 's support is generally passive voters who are threatened at their place of work , bribed with small gifts or favors or bussed to the polling places where they can vote under the watchful eyes of their supervisors . It is this system that accounts for the electoral "  success " of Russian President Vladimir Putin in the 2012 elections and that of the United Russia Party  described by Navalny as the "  party of swindlers and crooks "  in the last parliamentary elections . The system suffers from one defect : The results lack legitimacy . For this reason , the authorities may actually want Navalny to campaign against Sobanian . His principal accusation against the regime is that it is corrupt . But it will be more difficult to make that argument now that he himself has been convicted of corruption , however unfairly . If , despite all calculations , Navalny begins to pose an electoral threat , a higher court can uphold Navalny 's conviction at any time and he can be jailed and his candidacy terminated . Almost from the beginning of the Putin era , the regime has responded to opposition by accusing its opponents of corruption . Mikhail Khodorkovsky , the former head of the Yukos oil company , was convicted of tax evasion and fraud after he used his wealth to finance opposition political parties . Sergei Magnitsky , a Russian lawyer who exposed the theft of $ 230 million in a tax fraud scheme by high officials , was tortured to death in prison and then , in an almost unprecedented move , was found guilty of tax evasion posthumously . The cat and mouse game with Navalny is part of this tradition . But it may not be enough to save the regime from the anger of the people . In Russia , the corruption market is valued by the Indem think tank at more than $ 300 billion annually , or more than a quarter of the GDP . Russians pay bribes to obtain contracts , to get licenses and permissions , to avoid inspections , to get medical treatment or get their children into universities . Moreover , the chain of corruption rises to the very top . It has been credibly reported that Putin has a personal fortune of more than $ 40 billion and that he and his closest cronies control 10 % to 15 % of the Russian gross national product . Under these circumstances , the regime may be sitting on a time bomb . According to a report cited by the Russian Academy of Sciences , 34 % of Russians "  always " wish they could shoot bribe takers . Another 38 % "  sometimes " wish they could do so . In Moscow , the number of people who are disgusted with bribe takers is even higher . Two-thirds of Muscovites would gun them down . The Russian leaders periodically announce drives against corruption and may even arrest a few of their own officials in order to convince the population that they are taking action . The reality , however , is that corruption is integral to the Putin system in which loyalty is rewarded with the freedom to steal , ostensibly private businesses prosper only because they have connections to officials and are therefore , in effect , state-protected monopolies and the system of justice is totally subordinate to the economic interests of the highest ranking state officials . . Independent reformers like Navalny pose a serious threat to this system , which is why they have to be persecuted . But the failure to reform the system means its inner contradictions will only grow , setting the stage for a deeper crisis in the years ahead . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Satter .	David Satter : A cat and mouse game is being played out in Russia on Alexei Navalny Satter : Its consequences could cast a shadow over the future of the Putin regime He says Russia 's corruption is enormous ; the likes of Navalny is a threat to Putin Satter : The failure to reform the system will set the stage for a deeper crisis in the future
CNN  -- On a recent January night near the Prospect Heights section of Brooklyn , Keri Russell was shooting FX 's new Russian spy thriller show , "  The Americans . " She 's receiving praise from Margo Martindale about some recent espionage work she 's done as they go for a nightly stroll in a secluded park . Planes are flying overhead , along with a few lingering high school kids interrupting her train of thought , but Russell rarely wavers . She 's stoic and serious , and her brow often looks slightly furrowed , which is exactly what you 'd expect from someone playing a KGB spy . In between takes , she 's out of character , talking about her kids , the Sundance Film Festival and how tired she thinks she ought to be . A call of "  action " rings out , and just like that , she 's back in spy mode . ' "  The Americans , " which premieres at 10 p.m. ET Wednesday on FX , takes place in the early '80s in the Washington area . The show comes from Joe Weisberg  "  Falling Skies "  , who trained to be a CIA case officer from 1990 to 1994 . In 2010 , when the arrest of a Russian spy network broke  including Anna Chapman  , his bosses at DreamWorks Television were inspired and thought of him and his former undercover life , and "  The Americans " was born . But right from the start , it was n't going to be a rehashing of Bond-ian gadgets and crazy-named villains . The creators wanted to tell the story of two Russians who were brought up and trained to be undercover KGB agents and would pose as Americans to gather intelligence during the Cold War . The twist is these two agents , Elizabeth  Russell  and Philip Jennings  Matthew Rhys  , would be married . They 'd have kids . They 'd buy American products , such as high-waisted Guess Jeans . They 'd do everything a typical nuclear family of the times would do , except it 's all a coy cover . "  I 'd just had my second baby and a week later , people called and said , ` We 're so awful to do this , but if you were at all interested in doing another series , this is the one , ' " Russell recalls . "  I said no a couple times . I have a baby . ... I ca n't be playing a spy . But it had so many different elements that were complicated . " That 's not to say that "  The Americans " does n't employ classic spy techniques . There 's a bevy of costumes , people sleep with each other for power and information , and there are a lot of brutal fights . In the pilot episode , Russell kicks a guy 's head through a wall , while co-star Rhys stabs a guy in the crotch with a large fork . But Weisberg said he did n't want to make a show that treaded familiar territory . He was more interested in the familial dynamics . "  One of the reasons I wanted to do a show was about the family and not just about a KGB spy who comes to America , " Weisberg said . "  It 's about a couple with kids who do n't know what  their parents  do . This is an emotional show about a marriage and raising children . I think my interest in that came from working at the CIA and seeing those people . " Both Russell and Rhys echoed those sentiments . "  The marriage part is the most interesting to me , " Russell said . "  I love the idea of this arranged marriage , how they are a couple . I love the idea that  Elizabeth  is stunted emotionally , and after all these years , only now , she may be ready to open up and be in a real relationship with him . You get to see her so dominant and adventurous sexually outside of her marriage , but at home she 's so reserved and pulled in . I like the complicated aspect of her in that way . " Rhys added , "  That was the great attraction to the pilot , as much as any boy wants to do a spy thriller . The potential for this incredibly layered dynamic ... when you first meet  Philip and Elizabeth  , they 're in this brittle place . It makes for a great springboard into a series . That 's where the journey is over the season -- this roller coaster of them trying to figure out what their path is , what the present is and what the future is . " Russell 's last series was the short-lived Fox comedy "  Running Wilde " in 2010 . "  The Americans " marks her return to dramatic television , with her last big role as Felicity Porter in J.J. Abrams ' WB series , "  Felicity . " Russell is older now , with kids of her own , but she still relates to Felicity much more than her new role as Elizabeth . "  Felicity  is much more like me , " she said . "  Embarrassed all the time , super-emotional , nerdy , absolutely socially awkward . But in a way , what 's great , Elizabeth is socially awkward , too . She does have to be forward and sexual at times , but she 's doing it to get something . Her having sex is much more informative about her character ; it 's not to get intimacy . " "  The Americans " will likely be compared to Showtime 's "  Homeland , " mainly because both shows ' plots center on enemies of the state . But in many ways , the similarities end there . By being set in the early '80s , there 's an inherent technological aspect about "  The Americans " -- or lack there of -- that 's very noticeable . "  It 's old school , " Russell says . "  There 's no technology ; there 's no phone . It 's all personal intel . It 's not like ' I got the text ! ' " There is another parallel between the two series , but it 's up to viewers ' perceptions and how they greet the anti-hero aspects of Russell 's and Rhys ' characters . "  If you look at ` Homeland , ' the way you find yourself feeling about Damian Lewis ' character , you catch yourself saying , "  Oh my god ! ' " Rhys said about rooting for the bad guy . " ` Breaking Bad '  is like that  in the same sort of way . Your reaction to those characters will be human . " Weisberg agrees : "  Viewers  will be rooting for Philip and Elizabeth and hoping they succeed , and all of a sudden , they 'll think ` Oh my god , ' they just did this horrible thing . How could I have been rooting for them ? " Back in Brooklyn , as the temperature drops , Russell and Martindale continue going through takes . At one point , Russell gets a break because the crew has to readjust the lighting . "  Thank God , there 's not a lot of Russian speaking , " she admits , while walking back to start . "  We 're just juggling a lot of things . You 're doing sneaky things , but the whole point is to not be sneaky . " Moments later , she demonstrates how to kick someone 's head through a wall . Like a true spy , she 's able to turn it on and off -- just like that .	Former "  Felicity " star Keri Russell returns to television in "  The Americans " She plays a married Russian spy in the Cold War era of the early 1980s The series focuses on family as much as espionage , creator says "  The Americans " premieres at 10 p.m. ET Wednesday on FX
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for a suicide attack on a funeral procession that killed at least 37 people in northwest Pakistan . More than 50 others were wounded when the bomber detonated explosives during a funeral on the outskirts of Peshawar , said police official Kalam Khan . He said a hand grenade was found at the site after explosion . Security forces promptly defused it . The attack occurred at the funeral of the wife of a member of a pro-government militia group , said Muhammad Ejaz Khan , a senior city police official . A few hours after the blast , a spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban said his group was behind the blast . "  We will keep continuing such attacks on all those who support U.S. and the Pakistan military , " said spokesman Ihsanullah Ihsan , referring to pro-government militia groups . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report	NEW : A grenade is found at the site of the blast , police say NEW : The Taliban says it will continue to attack those who support the United States The incident occurs at a funeral in northwest Pakistan Police say the woman was the wife of a member of a pro-government militia group
CNN  It is practically an iconic photo by now -- a row of world leaders standing in solidarity next to one another , marching in Paris , united against terrorism . Most of them were men , but some were women , including Angela Merkel , the chancellor of Germany . She was right next to French President Francois Hollande . But ultra-Orthodox Israeli newspaper HaMevaser published a digitally altered front-page image of the leaders with the women removed . Ultra-Orthodox Jews traditionally do n't prefer to show images of women because it 's not considered modest . As Israeli newspaper Haaretz noted , political parties that represent the ultra-Orthodox sector ban women from running for office . But some feel changing the photo of the Paris march went way too far . It was downright "  embarrassing , " wrote Haaretz 's Allison Kaplan Sommer . The message HaMevaser sent , Kaplan Sommer said , was tantamount to "  denying the fact that in the wider world , beyond the ultra-Orthodox Jewish community , women do stand on the world stage and shape events . " In addition to Merkel missing from HaMevaser , other women leaders who disappeared from the photo are European Union security and foreign affairs chief Frederica Mogherini and Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo . Some took to Twitter to criticize the decision and to share the original and altered pictures . A satirical Irish publication , Waterford Whispers , had a little fun with the story and published the photo from the Paris march showing only the three women and cutting out all the men . It 's not the first time an ultra-Orthodox publication attempted to erase a female politician . In 2011 , New York-based newspaper Di Tzeitung altered a picture to remove then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton out of a famous shot of White House leaders watching the raid that killed Osama bin Laden .	HaMevaser cut women , including Germany 's Angela Merkel , from front-page pic Haaretz writer called the move "  embarrassing " and others on social media slammed the decision Ultra-Orthodox often eschew showing images of women for modesty 's sake
Los Angeles  CNN  -- More than two years after Fox entertainment executive Gavin Smith vanished in Southern California , his body has been found , authorities said . Hikers found his body this week in a shallow grave in Palmdale , according to Lt. Dave Dolson of the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department . "  It 's a crucial piece of evidence , " Dolson said . "  Because of the discovery of Gavin 's remains , there 's potentially a lot more evidence for us to process . " Smith disappeared in May 2012 after leaving a friend 's house without saying where he was going . His black Mercedes was recovered at a storage facility last year , but his whereabouts remained a mystery . Authorities identified his body Wednesday . A break in the case Dolson said police "  have a pretty good picture " on what happened the night Smith disappeared . Authorities believe they know how and why Smith was killed , but would not share that information just yet . "  We have witnesses that are paramount to the case , " Dolson said . "  There was evidence in the car that indicated he was killed in the car . " When asked if Smith 's remains showed signs of stabbing or strangulation , Dolson said , "  There 's indications that there was some trauma . " Dolson said police may not be able to determine the cause of death because the body had been missing for so long . Authorities are not actively looking for anyone in the case , he said . Husband , father Smith , 57 , was last seen when he left a friend 's house in Ventura County , north of Los Angeles . When he did n't pick up one of his sons from school , a search ensued . His distraught wife and three sons offered a $ 20,000 reward for information on his whereabouts . Death certificate issued before body found Days became months , but there were no signs of the former UCLA basketball player . That changed in February last year , when his car was found at a storage facility in Simi Valley , northwest of Los Angeles . In the months since his disappearance , authorities said there was mounting evidence that he had been killed . The Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department officially declared him dead in May this year . His death certificate was dated May 1 , 2012 , the same night he vanished . It was issued two years to the day he went missing . Who had his car ? After his car was recovered , authorities considered his case a homicide even though his body had not been found . The storage facility was rented by John Creech , who authorities said they wanted to talk to in connection with the case . He was sentenced to prison on unrelated drug charges . Creech remains a "  person of interest " in the case , Dolson said . Faith Karimi wrote and reported from Atlanta , and JR Nichols reported from Los Angeles . CNN 's Tina Burnside and Joshua Berlinger contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities say they have a "  how " and a "  why " in the case Gavin Smith disappeared in May 2012 after leaving a friend 's house His black Mercedes was recovered at a storage facility last year Authorities identified his body Wednesday
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan election officials on Monday disqualified opposition party leader and former former prime minister Nawaz Sharif from participating in January parliamentary elections . Election officials say Nawaz Sharif 's previous convictions bar him from standing for reelection . A spokesman for Sharif 's Pakistan Muslim League told CNN Monday that Sharif had been barred by the election commission because of a previous criminal conviction . Sharif filed paperwork for his candidacy last week , although he had left open the possibility that he would boycott the election in protest of a state of emergency imposed by President Pervez Musharraf . Sharif , an outspoken critic of Musharraf , who ousted him from power in 1999 , had said he wanted to keep all options open . Sharif returned to Pakistan last month , ending seven years in exile in Saudi Arabia . He had first returned in September , but Pakistani authorities deported him within hours of his arrival . Sharif was convicted of terrorism , hijacking and tax evasion after Musharraf seized power in 1999 . He was released in 2000 in exchange for agreeing to 10 years of exile in Saudi Arabia . He retained his Pakistani citizenship , but has not been allowed to travel to Pakistan or directly take part in Pakistani politics . Musharraf , who quit as military leader and took office for a third term last week , has pledged to lift the state of emergency by December 16 . He was criticized of using the emergency to crack down on political rivals and to purge the judiciary of those likely to block the approval of his reappointment as leader . E-mail to a friend -- CNN 's Zein Basravi contributed to this report .	Former Pakistani PM Nawaz Sharif has his candidacy papers rejected Had submitted nominations papers for Pakistan 's parliamentary election Returning officer in Lahore upheld ineligibility objections from other candidates
CNN  -- At least three people died on a dust-covered stretch of highway Monday when at least 19 vehicles collided in a series of accidents because of poor visibility , a spokesman for the Arizona Department of Public Safety said . Bart Graves said 12 other people were injured -- many of them seriously -- during the dust-storm-induced series of pileups that were flagged to CNN by Twitter . Six tractor-trailers , one motor home and a dozen cars and trucks were involved in one of the wrecks on Interstate 10 near Picacho Peak . That included one semi with its nose smashed back to the windshield . Another trailer appeared to have a car wedged underneath . A pickup truck lay on its side ahead of the main entanglement of crashed commercial trucks and cars . At least two helicopter crews were summoned to deal with the injured , authorities said . Westbound traffic bewteen mile posts 214 and 216 was being rerouted from the three-lane wide stretch to an adjacent side road . Other drivers were warned to avoid the area , because the highway will be closed for some time .	Three dead , 12 injured in series of crashes Some people are airlifted from the scene Accident happens on Interstate 10 between mile posts 214 and 216
Dixon , Illinois  CNN  -- William Heirens , the "  Lipstick Killer , " is believed to be the longest-serving inmate in the United States . He turns 81 on November 15 . Diabetes has ravaged his body , but his mind is sharp . "  Bill 's never allowed himself to be institutionalized , " said Dolores Kennedy , his long-time friend and advocate . "  He 's kept himself focused on the positives . " The days are spent mostly watching television and reading magazines . Using a wheelchair and sharing a cell with a roommate in the health unit of Dixon Correctional Center , he still yearns for a chance at freedom . It is something he has not tasted since 1946 . Heirens has been locked behind bars and walls for 63 years , making inmate C06103 the longest-serving prisoner in Illinois history , state officials say . According to Steven Drizin , the legal director of the Center on Wrongful Convictions at Northwestern University , Heirens "  has served longer than anyone in the U.S. that I can find . " He was put away a year after the end of World War II . It is a dubious record , but fitting for the man dubbed the Lipstick Killer , whose crime spree remains among the most infamous in the history of Chicago , the city of Capone and Leopold and Loeb . The scar-faced gangster and the thrill-kill pair are long gone . Heirens , however , has not slipped into the past . He lives in the present and hopes for a future outside prison . Supporters have championed his cause , convinced that he is innocent , or arguing that he has been rehabilitated , a model inmate who has served his sentence . "  Pray for my release , " he wrote in a letter dated October 11 . "  There is no reason to keep this man behind bars , " said Drizin . "  He meets all the criteria for parole . " While Drizin , who has represented Heirens since 2001 , and others passionately plead for his release and prepare to re-petition the state parole board that has consistently refused to free Heirens , others are convinced he is a manipulative murderer . "  He was the bogeyman , " said Betty Finn of the man convicted of strangling her sister . "  I do n't think you need to feel sorry for him . He chose his life and he chose his actions . " Josephine Ross was the first victim . The 43-year-old was found stabbed to death in her apartment . She was killed on June 5 , 1945 . In December , police discovered the body of Frances Brown in her bathroom . She was stabbed through the neck and shot in the head . The killer left a message on the wall . It said , "  for heavens sake catch me before I kill more I can not control myself . " It was scrawled in red lipstick . The press seized on the detail . The headlines would soon scream of the Lipstick Killer . Four weeks later , an intruder used a ladder to enter the second-floor window of Suzanne Degnan 's bedroom . The killer approached the sleeping 6-year-old girl and abducted her . "  I was old enough to know everything that happened and remember the looks on my parents ' faces , " Finn said of the crime against her younger sister . "  Can you imagine as a child to have this happen ? Can you imagine going to bed at night and all of a sudden your sister is not in her bed ? " There would be a ransom note demanding $ 20,000 . But there would also be the horrific discovery of Suzanne 's severed head in a sewer . Other body parts were found within days . Chicago was gripped in fear . Scores of people were questioned , but the investigation dragged on for months without a break . One , however , came in June , when two police officers confronted a burglar near the Degnan home . The young thief was a 17-year-old student at the University of Chicago . His name was William Heirens , and police soon became convinced he was the killer . Drizin said Heirens was subjected to days of brutal interrogation . He also was beaten and given sodium pentothal to make him tell the truth , Drizin said . He underwent a spinal tap , another extreme measure to compel him to talk . Prosecutors said his handwriting matched that of the words scribbled in lipstick at the scene of the Brown killing . The FBI determined that a fingerprint lifted from the Degnan ransom note matched Heirens . That gave the state 's attorney two powerful pieces of evidence against Heirens . But a confession would seal his fate . On August 7 , 1946 , Heirens supplied it , describing how he killed Degnan , Brown and Ross . He pleaded guilty to three counts of murder . In exchange for the plea , Heirens was spared the death penalty and given three consecutive life sentences . Heirens has distinguished himself in prison . He was the first inmate in Illinois to receive a college degree . "  He helped redesign the library system in the department of corrections , " said Drizin , who also commended Heirens for becoming a "  first-rate jailhouse lawyer . " Drizin said Heirens has been eligible for parole nearly every year since the 1970s . The Center on Wrongful Convictions mounted a clemency campaign for Heirens on the grounds that he has served longer than required , and that the evidence used to convict him was unreliable . "  Smoke and mirrors " was how Drizin described it . Kennedy , who wrote a book that attempts to prove Heirens is innocent , said a political component is keeping him in prison . "  It 's a very political case , " she said . "  Authorities have made statements that he would never get out . I think the courts managed to look the other way and the -LSB- parole -RSB- board did n't want to take the heat . " John Russick , senior curator for the Chicago History Museum , said the story of William Heirens is complicated . "  This is not a largely understood case , " Russick said . "  People know the term Lipstick Killer , and that there was a sensational crime , but I do n't think it 's talked about in detail . " He added , "  I feel like it defies logic , and that 's what 's troubling about it . When you look closely at the nature of these kinds -LSB- of confessions -RSB- and when you know how these confessions were acquired , there 's enough there to -- at the very least -- to make you feel very unsure . " Frank Czagany , who met Heirens when both were working in the machine shop at U.S. Steel in 1944 , remembers his friend as being "  very quiet , not wild . " "  He would n't say crap if he had a mouthful of it , " Czagany said . Finn calls the efforts supporting Heirens misguided . "  I 'm not a vindictive person , I 'm not doing this out of anger . It 's fear , " she said . "  There is no evidence that says he 's the least bit innocent . How can every single court be wrong ? " Finn , who attended Heirens ' most recent parole hearing , in July , said he is not innocent by any stretch of the imagination . "  Keep him locked in jail , " she said . Kennedy said she and others are looking for a suitable placement in a nursing home for Heirens . She said she believes there is some indication that if an acceptable facility is located , he may have a chance to spend his final days a free man . "  He looks for any glimmer of hope , " said Kennedy . "  He still wants to be out . " Drizin said that time has come . "  This is a case where I have serious doubts about his guilt , " he said . "  But it 's a case where there is no question in my mind that the circus-like atmosphere that pervaded his arrest and his prosecution resulted in a trial proceeding for Bill and a guilty plea that was fundamentally unfair . " "  They probably have good hearts and are dedicated , " Finn said of Heirens ' believers . "  He is not innocent by any stretch , no matter how they twist it . "	William Heirens may be the longest-serving prison innate in the United States He has been behind bars for 63 years At 81 , Heirens is diabetic and uses a wheelchair He says his 1946 confession to the "  Lipstick Murders " was coerced
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Facing intense government pressure , Indian oil workers agreed to call off a three-day strike and go back to work , the Oil and Petroleum Ministry announced . Long queues at gas stations have become a common sight across India in recent days . The workers ended the strike Friday , after the government threatened to suspend , fire or arrest workers who did not return to their jobs . The impact of the strike had been felt across all major cities in India , including Mumbai and New Delhi , where motorists waited in long lines to purchase fuel . Police had been called in to maintain order at many stations . Power plants that rely on gas ran out , causing power cuts , and airlines were forced to delay flights . Some 45,000 workers walked off the job at the government-controlled oil companies Wednesday after the government refused their demands for higher pay . India 's Home Minister P. Chidambaram had called on workers to end the strike immediately , saying it was "  placing an intolerable burden on the people . " He had said the army could be called in if the crisis deepened . Meanwhile , a separate nationwide strike by truck operators entered its sixth day , with some truck operators saying arrested strikers had to be released before talks could take place , the Press Trust of India reported . Five All India Motor Transport Congress leaders were arrested Friday on charges of disrupting the supply of commodities , the Indo-Asian News Service reported . "  We will not give up our agitation and will not hold any talks with the government until we are released unconditionally , " AIMTC Secretary-General S. Venugopal told the news service . The AIMTC is demanding a reduction in diesel and tire prices , the Indo-Asian News Service reported . On Saturday , the transport minister , Thiru T.R. Baalu , said the government was "  ready to discuss " the truck operators ' demands , the news service reported . However , he warned the government could suspend or revoke workers ' permits , according to a summary of his remarks released by the government . -- CNN 's Sara Sidner and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	Workers ended strike after govt . threats to suspend , fire or arrest workers Impact of the strike had been felt across all major cities in India 45,000 workers walked off the job at govt.-controlled companies Wednesday Government had refused their demands for higher pay
CNN  -- Slavery is the most abhorrent chapter in America 's history . Everyone knows it happened , but few people know much about it or want to think about it . Which means that it 's not exactly something that pops up with regularity in popular entertainment -- even though slavery 's legacy , 150 years after the Emancipation Proclamation , is still very much with us . This makes the release of "  12 Years A Slave " something of a major historical-cultural event . The film , which opens Friday with an A-list cast -- Chiwetel Ejiofor , Michael Fassbender and Brad Pitt -- is based on the memoir of Solomon Northup , a free black man kidnapped in 1841 in Washington and sold into slavery in New Orleans . Uncompromising and extremely violent , "  12 Years " refuses to downplay the racism , brutality and crude Darwinian mindset that typified the "  peculiar institution . " This is not "  Django Unchained , " which was a blend of spaghetti Western , Blaxploitation flick and whatever else popped into Quentin Tarantino 's genre-fevered brain . And it 's not last year 's "  Lincoln , " a film that was about emancipation but was so genteel in its approach , it skipped the part about plantation culture . ` The Butler ' reflects America 's racial conversations "  12 Years a Slave " is easily the most hard-hitting portrayal of slavery since the 1977 TV blockbuster "  Roots . " It is the kind of film that many people will avoid , in part because of its depiction of everything from the surrealism of slave markets to whippings , rapes , hangings and the myriad ways in which slave owners terrorized and ruled over their property . It 's also a movie that Americans need to see , if they are to better understand their country . It 's an uncomfortable reminder that the legacy of this once deeply rooted institution continues to resonate in our society , whether it is the current fight over voter ID laws in states like Texas and North Carolina that disproportionately affect minorities ; the fact that the African-American incarceration rate , fueled by years of poverty and racism , is six times the national average , and the unemployment rate for blacks is double that of whites ; or the continued high rate of out-of-wedlock births among contemporary black women . A country that refuses to confront its past is a country in denial . "  12 Years A Slave " startles the viewer like a slap in the face , and the film is even more astonishing since it is the work of Steve McQueen , a black British director who said during a press conference at the Toronto International Film Festival that he was particularly interested in the subject because it "  is about how to survive an unfortunate situation . " Yet he also admitted that "  I made this movie because I want to tell a story about slavery and a story that has n't been given a platform in cinema . ... If that starts a conversation , wonderful . " That conversation has long been virtually ignored by the mass media , which has treated the subject of slavery as if it were the bastard child of American history rather than an original sin that must be faced . For most of the last century , movies and TV in the pre-Civil Rights era , always sensitive to race issues and how they might affect box office in the Southern states , either ignored slavery or sugar-coated it . Films like "  Gone With the Wind , " for example , glamorized the antebellum South . The harsh realities of field work were almost never shown , most slave owners were benevolent , and slaves , most of whom tended to work in the big house , were basically ordinary servants  who could be bought and sold at will and worked without pay , of course  , devoted to their masters . When that story was n't enough , the most lurid aspects of the slave trade were front and center -- in particular , interracial sex between slave and master , depicted in films like "  Mandingo , " "  Drum " and 1957 's "  Band of Angels , " in which good-guy slave master Clark Gable buys beautiful mulatto Yvonne De Carlo and then falls in love with her . Needless to say , none of these films bothered to fully explore the political and power dynamics involved . Must-see African movies of the 21st century "  Roots " helped changed the narrative . The massively popular miniseries followed the slave Kunta Kinte  played by LeVar Burton  from his African home to the Middle Passage , a Maryland slave auction and plantation life in Virginia . It featured an aborted slave revolt , whippings , torture , rape and other horrors . But despite Roots ' enormous audience  the final episode was watched by 100 million people  the subject of slavery did not return soon . When filmmakers did try to address it , they were met with indifference - films like "  Amistad , " "  Beloved " and "  Glory " drew critical praise but failed to gain much traction at the box office . Will "  12 Years A Slave " change all that ? Already critically praised and the winner of the People 's Choice Award at the Toronto Film Festival , the film is being touted as a serious Oscar contender . Yet whether moviegoers beyond the art house crowd will continue to duck McQueen 's "  conversation " and this lesson in American depravity is another matter altogether . "  12 Years A Slave " tells us how we got to where we are today racially . It is not a story that Confederate flag wavers , states ' rights advocates , talk radio stalwarts and all too many other Americans want to entertain . I can just hear them saying "  Slavery ended 150 years ago . Get over it . " It did , and it did n't . And that 's the point . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lewis Beale .	Lewis Beale : Slavery a stain on America , but few people want to know much about it He says it 's essential to confront this past to understand how slavery 's legacy is still with us The film "  12 Years a Slave " is brutal , unstintingly realistic . Few movies have dared to be Beale : The film tells us how we got to where we are today racially . Will people watch ?
