CNN  -- Serena Williams wept with delight after becoming the oldest woman to ever hold the number one world ranking . The 31-year-old American star clinched a 3-6 , 6-3 , 7-5 victory over Petra Kvitova in the quarterfinals of the Qatar Open to move back to the summit following a two-and-a-half year interval which almost saw her quit the sport . "  I am so sensitive nowadays -- I am always crying , but I never thought I would be here again you know , " Williams told reporters . "  I have been through so much and I never thought I would be here , " she repeated . Martina : Serena will ` break all records ' Williams first became World No. 1 on July 8 , 2002 at the age of 20 and will take top spot for the sixth time her career . It is a remarkable comeback for Williams , who slipped as low as 175 in the rankings after missing almost a year with injury and a life threatening pulmonary embolism in 2011 . But she returned with a bang in 2012 , winning Wimbledon , Olympic Gold , the U.S. Open and the WTA Championships , while she has also triumphed in 59 of her past 62 matches . Williams , who will start her 124th career week at No. 1 on Monday , beat Chris Evert 's record of 27 years ago when she reached the top at the age of 30 and 11 months -- six months younger than her successor . Serena Williams hits her own face That 's a total only bettered by Steffi Graf  377  , Martina Navratilova  332  , Evert  260  , Martina Hingis  209  and Monica Seles  178  . The achievement had looked in doubt with Williams 4-1 down in the final set , but the American fought back to clinch a dramatic 7-5 victory . Williams will now face Maria Sharapova in the semifinal after the Russian defeated Australia 's Sam Stosur 6-2 6-4 , while Victoria Azaraenka also progressed to the last four after defeating Sara Errani . Federer breezes into Rotterdam quarters Meanwhile , defending champion Roger Federer crashed out of the Rotterdam World Tennis tournament after suffering a shock 6-3 7-5 defeat by France 's Julien Benneteau . The World No. 2 , who won the tournament in 2005 and 2012 , was hoping to bounce back after losing out at the semifinals of the Australian Open . "  I 'm very disappointed , I have some regrets about this match , " he told reporters . "  He played great and created more chances than I did . He deserved to win . It was a tough loss , but they do happen . Being broken so many times  five  indoors wo n't get the job done . My game was up and down overall . "  He made it difficult and generated pressure . That made you try to serve harder . When I had some chances I did n't take them . I was maybe a point or two away from taking it into a third set and then the clock resets . " Relaxed Federer accepts the end of his dominance Benneteau , the world 39 , will play a Saturday a semifinal against either fifth seed compatriot Gilles Simon or Slovak Martin Klizan . "  This was a dream match , and I played like a dream , " he told reporters . "  This is for sure my biggest win . He was the favorite , but maybe he played a bit tight . I 've been playing well all week , improving with each match . "  I 've had a great week here so far and I hope it 's not finished . " Second seed Juan Martin del Potro cruised into the semifinals with a victory in straight sets against Finland 's Jarkko Nieminen . The Argentine won 6-3 , 6-4 , and will now face unseeded Bulgarian Grigor Dimitrov who came from a set down to beat Marcos Baghdatis .	Serena Williams will return to the top of the world rankings on Monday At 31 , Williams is the oldest woman to achieve the feat U.S. star defeated Petra Kvitova in quarterfinals at Doha Williams to face Maria Sharapova in semifinals
Long Beach , California  CNN  -- Pointing to a graphic of a spider 's silk-spinning organ projected on a giant screen , scientist Cheryl Hayashi said , "  That 's the business end of a spider , " drawing laughs from hundreds in the TED2010 conference audience . "  Hey do n't laugh , that 's my life . " Hayashi held the audience 's attention with a passionate talk about her fascination with spiders even though they "  jostle with rats and snakes for the title of the most despised animal . " There are 40,000 described species of spiders and Hayashi is endlessly absorbed with them , particularly with the fact that they generate an amazing variety of silk which can be used for many of their purposes -- and ours . Spider silk , she said , could potentially be used for medicine in the form of artificial tendons , guides for regrowing nerves and scaffold for tissue growth and even body armor that could be more lightweight and flexible than any in use now . When she decodes new information about spiders in her lab at the University of California at Riverside , she said , "  it 's like the spiders are sharing an ancient secret with me . That 's why I 'm going to spend the rest of my life studying spiders . " Hayashi is n't alone . TED , which stands for Technology , Entertainment , Design , is a nonprofit dedicated to "  ideas worth spreading . " TED2010 has featured speaker after speaker for whom their subject matter is their life 's work . And not just on stage -- audience members are taking turns giving their own five minute talks on subjects that obsess them and volunteering their thoughts on a wide range of issues in casual conversations in the conference 's elaborately fashioned social spaces , where espresso bars and racks of organic snacks co-exist with promotional messages for the corporate sponsors . Check out CNN 's tech blog for TED2010 updates To the strains of Jackie DeShannon 's recording of "  What the World Needs Now , " the conference theme , the presentations began Wednesday before an audience of 1,500 and hundreds of others watching via simulcast from Palm Springs , California . Prominent names from London , England , and Washington were represented . In a surprise appearance , British Conservative Party leader David Cameron , who 's the odds-on favorite to become prime minister if his party holds its lead in this spring 's election , sketched a plan for improving government without spending more money by increasing transparency , choice and accountability . And Valerie Plame Wilson , the former CIA agent whose identity was leaked , presented the case for controlling nuclear weapons before terrorists are able to explode a device in one of the world 's cities . Here are 10 big ideas from TED2010 , which concludes Saturday : $ 60K a year can make you happy Psychologist and Nobel Laureate Daniel Kahneman says millions of dollars wo n't buy you happiness , but a job that pays $ 60,000 a year might help . Happiness levels increase up to the $ 60K mark , but "  above that it 's a flat line , " he said . "  Money does not buy you experiential happiness but lack of money certainly buys you misery , " he said . But the real trick , Kahneman said , is to spend time with people you like . Save the world through games Jane McGonigal , a game designer , says playing online video games gives people "  superpowers " that help them improve the real world . We currently spend a collective 3 billion hours a week playing online games , she said , but we need to spend seven times that much time doing so to make sure we 're up to real-world challenges . "  My goal for the next decade is to try to make it as easy to save the world in real life as it is to save the world in online games , " she said . To do so , she develops social games that merge the real-world challenges with online gaming . Anonymity promotes honesty Christopher "  Moot " Poole runs one of the seedier corners of the Internet . His site , called 4chan , is known as a den of porn , hacking and anonymous rants . But Poole , a 22-year-old college student , says 4chan also protects its users privacy and promotes honest discourse . Without names in the way , people can focus on ideas , he said . "  It 's anonymous and it has no memory . There 's no archive . There are no barriers . There is no registration , " he said of the site . "  That 's led to this discussion that 's completely raw , completely unfiltered . " We can end slavery Kevin Bales , founder of a group called Free the Slaves , said he was surprised to learn slavery still existed when he read a pamphlet saying just that . Now he 's on a crusade to end modern slavery , which he says is every bit as bad as the type of slavery that preceded the U.S. Civil War . Some 27 million people are enslaved today ; and a person in some parts of India can be sold into slavery for about $ 5 , he said . But awareness and action could abolish slavery for good in 25 years , he says . Moral ideas are right or wrong , not both Writer Sam Harris -- who is perhaps best known as a stern critic of organized religion -- says we use science to prove or disprove hypotheses , and we should similarly use evidence to say some activities are moral and others are not . "  Why does every opinion have to count ? Why does every culture have a point of view worth considering ? Does the Taliban have a point of view on physics worth considering : No . " ` What we eat is really our chemotherapy three times a day ' William Li , president and medical director of The Angiogenesis Foundation , which focuses on the connection between blood vessel growth and aggressive cancers . There are 11 FDA-approved drugs that inhibit growth of blood vessels that sustain cancers , but Li pointed out that there are a number of foods and beverages that could offer substances that accomplish the same thing -- and could help prevent cancer . "  Men who consume two to three servings of cooked tomatoes per week have a 40 to 50 percent reduction in risk for prostate cancer , " he said . Red grapes , strawberries , soybeans , dark chocolate , oranges , and green tea are among the foods with the ability to prevent blood vessel growth . The ukulele can stop war Ukulele virtuoso Jake Shimabukuro says his traditional , Hawaiian instrument , which he learned to play at age 4 , can make the world a less violent place . "  I 've always believed it 's the instrument of peace , " he said , "  because if everyone played the ukulele , this would be a much more peaceful place . " Shimabukuro says people ca n't help but smile when they hear the two-octave , stringed instrument . He likened its tone to the sound of children laughing . $ 28 billion mostly wasted on placebos Holding up bottles of herbal supplements , writer Michael Specter spoke out against what he sees as a growing rejection of science . He says it 's resulted in parents refusing to vaccinate their children due to an unfounded connection to autism and people shunning genetically modified foods that have the potential of helping the world fight increasing hunger . The herbs , he said accomplish one thing : "  They darken your urine . You want to pay $ 28 billion for dark urine ? That 's OK . " ` Stop politicians doing stupid things that spread HIV ' Elizabeth Pisani , epidemiologist who has studied drug abusers and sex workers who are involved in the spread of HIV-AIDS , said nations that have followed former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's example by creating programs to provide sterile needles to drug abusers are much more successful in curbing the spread of the disease . Nations such as the United States that have resisted such programs have seen higher spread of the disease among drug users who share needles . Every eight days , the toll of a Haiti quake Esther Duflo , a professor in MIT 's economics department , said , that every day , 25,000 children die of preventable causes , adding up every eight days to the approximate death toll of the Haiti earthquake . Though $ 2 billion has been pledged for the Haiti earthquake , Duflo asks why we do n't make the same level of commitment to prevent the daily death toll of children . Amid the conference 's many ideas , one thing is clear -- the joy speakers experienced in having a receptive audience to share their deepest thoughts and feelings . David Cameron noted that politics has been called "  show business for ugly people . " TED2010 , in some ways , is summer camp for brainy ones . Jarrett Bellini contributed to this article	TED2010 conference , in California , features speakers deeply versed in their subjects Scientist Cheryl Hayashi devotes herself to the many varieties of silk spun by spiders Christopher "  Moot " Poole , who runs 4chan , says Web anonymity promotes honest discourse William Li says substances in food hold promise of preventing forms of cancer
CNN  -- On Wednesday , Gov. Nathan Deal signed Georgia 's Safe Carry Protection Act into law . Many gun proponents love House Bill 60 , but it will create unintended problems for law enforcement , local governments and the citizens they serve . Although changes in the state 's gun laws were meant to strike a balance between the rights of gun owners and the government 's interest in protecting its citizens , unintended consequences may follow that do n't make anybody safe . Picture this : It 's a pleasant summer day . The kids are out of school , and you 've decided to take them to the local park . You 're sitting on a park bench in the shade , watching them play , when you suddenly notice a man dressed in a heavy winter coat approaching the playground . As he scurries past you , you notice a handgun strapped around his waistband . Alarmed ? You should be . Who is this man , and why is he armed at your children 's playground ? Concerned enough to call the local police ? Not a bad idea , but here is the problem . Starting July 1 , law enforcement in Georgia will not be able do much for you . As a matter of fact , they could get sued if they detain the man you called about and ask him whether he has a valid weapons carry license . That 's because , under Georgia 's revised Safe Carry Protection Act , it is prohibited for police to detain someone for the purpose of checking for a license . So much for safe . But wait , it gets better . Worried about convicted felons toting guns ? Rest assured , convicted felons are still prohibited from possessing firearms in Georgia -- except in the act of self-defense . But , you might ask , do n't you have to possess a firearm first in order to be able to use it in self-defense ? Correct . So , what kind of sense does that make ? It does n't . It encourages gun ownership and use by convicted felons . Think about it . All they have to do now is claim "  self-defense . " Feeling safer already ? Finally , Georgia 's revised Safe Carry Protection Act may also cost you more money . Before this law , cities could simply prohibit firearms or any other weapons in government buildings by posting a sign ; now , they can do so only by screening entrances into the government building with security personnel . And guess who ends up paying for that ? That 's right , the taxpayer . And if the police officer is sued for asking to see a gun carry permit , who will pay for his or her defense ? It will be up to the municipality , using taxpayer funds . But not only does it cost us more , it also has a chilling effect on open government . Many citizens might feel discouraged from visiting their local government offices , knowing that they are now subject to being screened . While these revisions certainly favor the rights of gun owners , they create dilemmas for local law enforcement and government . As a police chief , my main concern is the safety our residents . As police , we have taken an oath to protect and serve , and this new law does n't help us .	Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal signed Safe Carry Protection Act Warren Summers says police ca n't ask suspicious person with gun to show permit Convicted felons ca n't have firearms , he says , unless they claim self-defense Summers : The law will cost taxpayers and make it hard for police to keep people safe
For the world 's two largest economies -- and largest emitters of greenhouse gas -- to announce a sustained commitment to reducing carbon emissions by almost a third by the year 2030 is a watershed moment for climate politics on so many fronts . Firstly , it raises the tempo worldwide regarding just how seriously we should be listening to the science and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change  IPCC  . Secondly , it provides a new benchmark for international negotiations to break the lethargy we have seen at climate summits over the past decade . The realization of real and effective multilateral action has lacked political will , insofar as the largest emitters have not shown the kind of initiative needed to inspire the rest of the world . For this reason , this announcement may be a game changer for the Paris climate talks next year . Already on the table for that meeting is the EU 's commitment to cut emissions by 40 % of 1990 levels , but with China and the U.S. weighing in , multilateral momentum will likely shift from incremental to dynamic . Anyone skeptical that the Sino-U.S. announcement is without substance ought to consider that it is the culmination of nine months of secret talks , and has involved leadership right up to the countries ' respective presidential offices . The increased global spotlight on China 's climate policies will change international despair on climate . It is true that China surpassed the U.S. as the world 's largest emitter in 2007 , but it is disingenuous to simply caricature China as a rogue state that is out of control with its energy consumption . As the workshop of the world , China became a freight train of industrial growth before emissions reduction was on anyone 's radar . Its emissions are not "  domestic " in the way we usually measure carbon pollution , as it is developed nations which put the immense demands on China 's energy sector . To meet these demands , China is burning more fossil fuels than anyone else , but it has also made the greatest leaps forward with renewables . China invests more annually in its renewable energy sector than the whole of the EU . It has now surpassed Germany with the largest domestic solar sector , and surpassed the U.S. in domestic wind power . According to a Lowy Institute report , the Chinese leadership has been frustrated in the past with the slow political inertia of international negotiations , which makes this announcement all the more significant . So all eyes will now be turning to the G20 summit on the weekend . With so many meetings of world leaders in quick succession , the opportunity for building momentum on global climate solutions has never been better . But it remains to be seen whether this breakthrough announcement will have an impact on the G20 meeting , as host Australia has been trying to keep climate off the agenda for all year . As an economic meeting , the G20 can not afford to ignore the restructuring of energy markets and productive capacity that will be needed to accommodate these very ambitious cuts propose by China , the U.S. and EU . Australia has become a pariah state on climate since the election of Prime Minister Tony Abbott 's government last year . With statements from Abbott as recently as last month that "  coal is good for humanity , " Australia has been ridiculed in the international press as a regressive government that sees climate mitigation as incompatible with economic growth . Australia has been identified as the only country on Earth to be winding back national climate legislation -- a Globe International assessment on the effectiveness of decarbonization policies of 66 countries placed Australia at the bottom of the list . On hearing of the China-U.S. announcement , the Australian opposition leader Bill Shorten commented : "  Now this gigantic news has been announced at APEC four days before the G20 , the Australian government needs to join the rest of the world . "	U.S. , China announce historic climate deal to cut carbon emissions Deal is a "  watershed moment for climate politics " writes David Holmes Breakthrough could put climate back on the G20 agenda this weekend Australian government has been ridiculed for its regressive climate policies
Caracas , Venezuela  CNN  -- A day after officials announced the cancer diagnosis of Argentina 's president , Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez wondered Wednesday if the United States could be infecting the region 's leaders with the illness . Five current or former Latin American presidents have battled cancer in the past few years , including Chavez himself , who claims to have beaten an unspecified cancer . Chavez prefaced his remarks at a military event in Caracas by saying , "  I do n't want to make any reckless accusations , " but the Venezuelan president said he was concerned by something he finds "  very , very , very strange . " "  Would it be strange if  the United States  had developed a technology to induce cancer , and for no one to know it ? " he asked . Chavez cited the revelation this year that the United States , between 1946 and 1948 , had carried out human experiments in Guatemala where subjects were exposed to sexually transmitted diseases . That was 50 years ago , Chavez said , and he posited : Will it be discovered 50 years from now that the United States was infecting presidents with cancer ? "  I do n't know . I 'm just putting the thought out there , " Chavez said . Victoria Nuland , a U.S. State Department spokeswoman , told reporters Thursday that Chavez 's assertion was "  horrific and reprehensible . " The Venezuelan president , who has a firm anti-U.S. stance , frequently hurls accusations at his political enemies , domestic and foreign . He has repeatedly said the United States is trying to destabilize his government . Documentary : Alleged cyberplot points to Venezuela and Iran A spokesman for Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner said Tuesday that doctors had diagnosed her with thyroid cancer . She is scheduled to undergo surgery next week . Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma in 2010 . Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff overcame cancer while she was a candidate for the office , and former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva is undergoing treatment for throat cancer . Chavez said his ally Fidel Castro had repeatedly warned him to beware of what he eats , as foods are potential vehicles for an illness . Chavez gets tests in Cuba The Venezuelan leader questioned the timing of the diagnoses -- Rousseff during her campaign , and Chavez himself right before an election year . "  I repeat : I am not accusing anyone . I am just using my freedom to reflect and give commentary on very strange occurrences that are hard to explain , " he said .	NEW : State Dept. spokeswoman calls Chavez 's assertion "  horrific and reprehensible " Venezuelan president asks whether U.S. is behind Latin American leaders ' cancer Chavez says he is not accusing anyone , but finds it "  very strange " His comments came a day after word of Argentine president has thyroid cancer
CNN  Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie married over the weekend in France , a representative for Jolie confirmed Thursday . The couple , who are the parents of six children , have been together for almost a decade . They got married Saturday in a small , private ceremony in a chapel at Château Miraval in the village of Correns . Pitt and Jolie have been the source of speculation about their relationship almost since the beginning . Tongues first started wagging after the pair met on the set of "  Mr. & Mrs. Smith " in the summer of 2004 , when Pitt was still married to actress Jennifer Aniston . Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt to co-star in ` By the Sea ' In January 2005 , Pitt and Aniston announced that they were splitting . Aniston filed for divorce in March 2005 . The following month , photos surfaced of Pitt , Jolie and her adopted son Maddox together in Kenya . Jolie later adopted daughter Zahara from an orphanage in Ethiopia and in early 2006 she announced that she and Pitt were expecting a baby . Shortly thereafter , Pitt was granted the right to legally adopt Maddox and Zahara . Their daughter Shiloh was born in May 2006 and son Pax was adopted from an orphanage in Vietnam in March 2007 . Jolie gave birth to twins Vivienne and Knox in July 2008 . The couple announced their engagement in 2012 . Pitt and Jolie recently told People that the wedding would be a family affair . "  We are discussing it with the children and how they imagine it might be , " Jolie said . "  Which is verging on hysterical , how kids envision a wedding ... They will , in a way , be the wedding planner . It 's going to be Disney or paintball -- one or the other ! " According to a statement from the family "  Angelina was walked down the aisle by her eldest sons Maddox and Pax . Zahara and Vivienne threw petals , gathered from the garden . Shiloh and Knox were the ring bearers . " "  In the days before coming to France , and as citizens of California , Brad and Angelina filled out their paperwork and obtained a marriage licence from a local judge , who also travelled to France to conduct the ceremony at Chateau Miraval , " the statement said . "  They are therefore married under Californian law . " Brad Pitt : Angelina is ` sexy as ever ' The uniting of Pitt and Jolie in matrimony has been one of the most anticipated marriages in Hollywood . In 2006 Pitt told Esquire magazine that he and Jolie would not marry until "  everyone else in the country who wants to be married is legally able . " He reaffirmed their commitment to marriage equality in a 2011 interview with People . "  Thanks to the tireless work of so many , someday soon this discrimination will end and every American will be able to enjoy their equal right to marriage , " Pitt said in a statement to the magazine following the legalization of same-sex marriage in New York State . CNN 's Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	The couple married in France over the weekend They are the parents of six children Pitt and Jolie have been together for almost a decade
CNN  -- The year is 1969 and Britain is at the peak of its counter-culture revolution -- a time of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll . The Beatles are putting together their final album while a relatively unknown musician , David Bowie is making waves with his track "  Space Oddity . " Meanwhile , in Liverpool , a 15-year-old schoolgirl is headed for trouble . Though academically gifted , Jude Kelly is bored at school and overcome with a mix of teenage angst and a vivid imagination . She 's beginning to hang around with a rough crowd and soon finds herself in trouble with the law . But one person has taken notice of her downward spiral -- her high school principal . "  The headmaster said to me , ' I do n't care if you do maths or biology or whatever , it does n't matter ... but make sure that you use your imagination for creative good rather than self-destruction ' , " recalls Kelly . Fast forward several decades and she 's done just that . Today Kelly , 59 , is the artistic director of Britain 's beloved cultural institution -- London 's Southbank Centre . Looking back , it 's clear how defining that very moment was . "  As soon as he said it , I knew he was right -- I feel very strongly that young people deserve help , time , space and permission to be expressive . " His advice spurred Kelly to form a drama club with her fellow classmates including Clive Barker , the now bestselling British horror author , and comedian Les Dennis . After high school , her passion for the arts continued to flourish . Studying Drama at Birmingham University , she decided to become a director . It was a bold career choice for women in the 1970s -- but by age 22 , she defied naysayers by becoming one of the youngest artistic directors in the country . "  If you have a sense that you want to make the world change , then you 've got to go and do it . You ca n't ask somebody else to change the world for you . " It 's hard not to be intimidated by Kelly before meeting her . Her illustrious career has seen her open and run theater houses across the country , such as the West Yorkshire Playhouse and Battersea Arts Centre . Directing over 100 productions including the Royal Shakespeare Company , the National Theatre , Chichester Festival Theatre , the English National Opera , the ChÃ cents talet in Paris while in the West End , she has worked with some of industry 's finest thespians , including Sir Ian McKellen and Sir Patrick Stewart . But as Kelly enters her glass office , I 'm immediately struck by how her theatrical aura and energetic spirit fills the room . Wearing a sleek black dress over her petite frame , she crosses her legs showing off a simple pair of sneakers -- an unlikely combination that works . Wasting no time , she delves into her passion for combining education with the arts . "  I believe wholeheartedly that in terms of human progress , arts education and arts and cultural expression is a key part of how great societies develop , " says Kelly . As she leans forward , she talks of creativity being the key to helping troubled youth -- a path she can relate to . "  My experience -LSB- is -RSB- that if I had n't found that sense of purpose and identification , and had a way of doing it , that my life could have turned out differently . " "  To lose any generation because they have n't been able to fulfill their potential is a tragedy , " she adds . So far , during her tenure as head of Southbank Centre and a once wayward teen herself -- she has made it her mission to provide a space for young people to express themselves . To that end , Britain 's largest arts center is currently undergoing a massive refurbishment to develop a festival wing which will include a youth village , a children 's future center , arts education studios and a backstage space for emerging DJs , dancers , filmmakers and photographers to cultivate their skills . Additionally , the cultural hub offers a schools-in-residence program giving educational institutions the opportunity to move all of their classes to the Southbank location and immerse the students with the subjects while on the premises . "  We are also working with all kinds of urban artists -- hip-hop artists , graffiti artists , parkour , BMX riders -- sort of merging of culture , leisure and art so that young people have a route in -LSB- to the arts -RSB- via the thing that excites them . " But Kelly 's commitment to ensuring the art world is inclusive goes one step further . Not content with the investment made in shaping female minds of the future , in 2011 Kelly established the Women of the World  WOW  Festival . Held each March in honor of International Women 's Day , it 's an event she calls "  a celebration of everything women and girls can do , have done and could do . " The week-long festival provides an opportunity for women to come together , share success stories and network . It has proven so popular that the WOW festival has spread to a number of cities across the globe , most recently in Baltimore and Sydney . "  Women very often have been amazing pioneers in a sense of saying here 's something that is clearly missing on the landscape and it needs somebody to roll their sleeves up and make it happen , " says Kelly . "  I 'm not saying it 's only women that pioneer in the arts , but I think that people would be shocked to understand just how many women have put in the scaffolding upon which current arts policy has been created . " From Ethel Smyth , a British conductor and member of the suffrage movement , to Lilian Baylis , a theatrical producer who opened London 's Old Vic Theater , Kelly admits , as an artistic director , she has often looked to female role models for inspiration . These days Kelly herself has become somewhat of a pioneer of the arts . She sat on the London 2012 Cultural Olympiad Board , represents Britain on cultural affairs within UNESCO and is the founder and chair of Metal , an artistic laboratory . In 1997 she received the honor of Order of the British Empire  OBE  for her services to British arts and culture . And in February , Kelly was named one of the 100 most powerful women in Britain by BBC Radio 4 's Women 's Hour . While she does n't recognize her work as revolutionary , she does believe she has been part of a larger shift in the UK 's cultural landscape . "  I think I have been part of a transformative movement , a pioneering movement of people saying that we must never underestimate what human beings are capable of . "  We have got a right , a duty to make more space , more time , more opportunity for the many and not the few . "	Jude Kelly is the artistic director of the London 's Southbank Centre She has overseen over 100 productions with theatrical greats such as Sir Ian McKellen She has also established the "  Women of the World " festival celebrating female achievement
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A previously unreleased video of Michael Jackson 's hair catching fire while filming a Pepsi commercial in 1984 was posted online by Us magazine Wednesday . Michael Jackson , shown here in the mid - '80s , was involved in a accident while filming a commercial . The onstage mishap 25 years ago , in which Jackson 's scalp was burned , has been blamed for leading the entertainer to prescription pain medications . A publicist for Us magazine said the publication would not comment on how the video was obtained . The dramatic footage shows pyrotechnics exploding near Jackson and yellow flames immediately erupting on his black hair . The pop star continues to dance down stairs for about 10 seconds before stage hands rush to him to douse the fire that has covered his scalp . A bald spot is clearly seen at the top of Jackson 's head as he stands up . Still wearing his trademark sequined glove , Jackson grabs his head with his hands as he is led offstage . Watch the accident unfold " Miko Brando , son of actor Marlon Brando and Jackson 's close friend , was the first person seen reaching Jackson . The video -- posted at usmagazine.com -- also shows early takes of the commercial in which the fireworks were triggered several seconds after Jackson began dancing down the stairs , putting him well away from the blasts . The commercial was filmed in Los Angeles ' Shrine Auditorium before a live audience on January 27 , 1984 . It was part of Jackson 's groundbreaking Pepsi sponsorship , near the height of his popularity . Jackson , in a video statement released in 1993 to address child molestation allegations , talked about how the accident led to a painkiller addiction : "  As you may already know , after my tour ended I remained outside the country undergoing treatment for a dependency on pain medication . This medication was initially prescribed for the excruciating pain that I was suffering after recent reconstructive surgery on my scalp . " The story in Us magazine 's weekly print edition is titled "  The Day His Addiction Started . " Jackson appeared at the Grammy Awards just six weeks later , wearing a hairpiece , to collect eight Grammys . His Pepsi commercial also aired for the first time during that Grammy broadcast .	Michael Jackson shot commercial for Pepsi in 1984 During shoot , Jackson 's hair caught on fire during an on-set accident Injuries , including second-degree burns , blamed for some Jackson issues
CNN  Lauren Hill , who took her inspirational fight against brain cancer onto the basketball court and into the hearts of many , has died at age 19 . The Indiana woman 's story became known around the world last year when she was able to realize her dream of playing college basketball . Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati successfully petitioned the NCAA to move up the opening game of its schedule to accommodate her desire to play . Hill died early Friday . At a ceremony honoring her life on the school 's campus Friday afternoon , head coach Dan Benjamin said the toughest thing a coach has to deal with is a loss . The community had lost more than a player , he said . It lost a friend and a daughter . And it lost "  an unselfish angel . " "  It 's not often you get to celebrate a loss , " he told the crowd as he struggled to hold in his tears . "  But today we celebrate a victory on how to live a life , through Lauren Hill .  No .  22 you will be missed and remembered by so many . " An assistant coach read a quote from Hill : "  I encourage everyone to cherish every moment with no worry about the past or anxiety about the future . Because the next moment is never promised . Never leave anything unsaid . I have learned to see the blessings in every moment and through every struggle , no matter how tough it might be . Nothing holds me back from living my life and chasing my dreams . I always finish what I start and see it through to the end . Never give up on your dreams . Find something to fight for ; I fight for others . " Hill would go on to help raise $ 1.4 million for pediatric cancer research with the nonprofit group The Cure Starts Now . The organization called her a "  worldwide inspiration . " "  Lauren captured the hearts of people worldwide with her tenacity and determination to play in her first collegiate basketball game with her Mount St. Joseph University team , " the group said on Facebook . People we 've lost in 2015 Mount St. Joseph University President Tony Artez said Hill 's "  love and laughter will remain in our hearts . " "  We are forever grateful to have had Lauren grace our campus with her smile and determined spirit , " Artez said in a statement . "  She has left a powerful legacy . She taught us that every day is a blessing , every moment a gift . " Her principal at Lawrenceburg High School , Bill Snyder , announced her death to students Friday morning . "  Lauren 's message was constantly positive , " he told CNN . "  We all need to work together to beat obstacles . Not just cancer . In any situation we can be positive . " As news of her death spread , social media lit up with messages honoring her life . NBA great LeBron James called her the "  true definition of strength , courage , power , leadership . " "  The greatest accomplishment we can achieve as humans is to inspire many , " Twitter user Just_AP wrote . "  Lauren Hill did that . " NCAA President Mark Emmert said Hill 's "  enthusiasm and strength were an inspiration not only to those who knew her best , but also to the millions of people she touched around the world by sharing her story . " "  Lauren achieved a lasting and meaningful legacy , and her beautiful spirit will continue to live on , " he said in a statement . Hill was diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma in 2013 when she was a senior in high school . The rare brain tumor was inoperable , but Hill persisted in playing on her high school team despite chemotherapy treatments . "  I never gave up for a second , even when I got a terminal diagnosis , never thought about sitting back and not living life anymore , " she told CNN affiliate WKRC-TV at the time . She had already committed to play for Mount St. Joseph when she was diagnosed . In October , the school received permission from the NCAA to move up its first scheduled game so Hill could play . In front of a sellout crowd , many wearing T-shirts bearing her name and slogan , "  Never Give Up , " watched the ballplayer score the first two points and the final layup of the game . "  Today has been the best day I 've ever had , " Hill told the crowd after the game . "  I do n't know what to say but thank you . " CNN 's Jill Martin , Emanuella Grinberg and Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	Lauren Hill 's coach says she was "  an unselfish angel " After playing for her college , Lauren Hill helped raise money for cancer research NCAA president says she "  achieved a lasting and meaningful legacy "
CNN  -- Launched in 1995 , the Airbus A330-200 is the newest member of the European aircraft manufacturer 's twinjet family . The incident involves an Air France Airbus A330-200 . With a range of 12,500 km  6,750 nautical miles  and the capacity to carry 253 passengers , the A330-200 is extremely well-regarded as a medium to long-range airliner . There are 600 currently in service with 82 airlines , including Air France , worldwide . Airbus has a further 300 orders for the aircraft . According to aviation expert Kieran Daly , the A330-200 is a "  reliable , ultra-modern , state-of-the-art airplane , " with an impeccable safety record . He told CNN that there has only been one reported incident when an aircraft of this type has crashed . "  The incident took place in 1994 before the aircraft came into service , " he said . "  It was being flown in test-mode by pilots who were putting it through some extreme maneuvers before it came down . "  Therefore the crash was not caused by the plane itself . "  It is very well-designed and well-equipped , with equally modern and reliable General Electric CF-6 engines . " Air France has said that Flight AF 447 sent an automatic signal indicating electrical problems while going through strong turbulence early in its 11-hour flight from Rio de Janeiro to Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris . Why it took so long to report the aircraft missing " However , Daly said that it would take extremely violent weather conditions to cause the catastrophic failure of an aircraft of this size . "  These planes are extremely robust and widely used on transatlantic routes and across Asia , " he said . "  They are equipped with an array of sophisticated communication equipment , so it must have been something extremely sudden to cause the loss of contact . " There has also been speculation that the Paris-bound flight was struck by lightning , but that should not bring down a modern airliner , former Airbus pilot John Wiley told CNN . According to Air France , the captain of Flight AF 447 had a record of 11,000 flight hours and had already flown 1,700 hours on Airbus A330/A340 aircraft . Of the two first officers , one had flown 3,000 flight hours  800 of which on the Airbus A330/A340  and the other 6,600  2,600 on the Airbus A330/A340  . The aircraft had totaled 18,870 flight hours and went into service on 18 April 2005 . Its last maintenance check in the hangar took place on 16 April 2009 . The larger A330-300 aircraft from Airbus entered service in 1993 and has a capacity of up to 335 passengers . It too has an impressive safety record , despite a couple of incidents in the last 10 years . In August 2001 , a Canadian airliner operated by Air Transat experienced double engine failure while traveling to Portugal . Miraculously the captain was able to perform an emergency landing in the Azores by gliding the powerless plane for almost 18 minutes . Last year , an A330-303 was forced to make an emergency landing in Australia after a sudden change in altitude injured 74 passengers . Qantas Flight 72 was flying from Singapore to the western Australian city of Perth when a sudden change of altitude caused abrasions , contusions , fractures and other injuries . The cause of the sudden drop remains under investigation .	The Airbus A330-200 was launched in 1995 There are 600 currently in service with 82 airlines , including Air France Expert : A330-200 is reliable , ultra-modern , state-of-the-art airplane Air France said Flight AF 447 reported electrical problems
Washington  CNN  -- Days after Anthony Weiner admitted to lewd chats with women online , his campaign manager quit , Weiner and his campaign said Sunday . Danny Kedem 's departure is the latest sign Weiner 's New York City mayoral bid is struggling amid allegations of online sexual impropriety . After the chats and photographs became public Tuesday , a poll showed him dropping to second place among Democratic candidates for mayor and his favorable numbers plummeting . "  Danny has left the campaign , " Weiner told CNN affiliate NY1 . "  He did a remarkable job . " Praising the "  excellent staff " remaining in his organization , Weiner said more volunteers had flocked to his bid in the last few days than at any point since his campaign began . "  This is n't about the people working on the campaign , it 's about the people that we 're working for , " he said . Kedem , a 31-year-old operative who previously worked for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , declined comment in an e-mail to CNN . Weiner first acknowledged Tuesday that he did not stop sending raunchy online chats to women when he left Congress in 2011 . That resignation was prompted by allegations from several women that Weiner had sent them lewd photographs of himself . Speaking at a news conference Thursday , the Democrat said he could n't say for sure how many more women might come forward . "  There are a few . I do n't have a specific number for you , " Weiner said . Pressed to provide a guess as to how many online relationships occurred after his resignation , Weiner said , "  I do n't believe I had any more than three . " He has resisted calls from his rivals to withdraw from the mayor 's race , saying the decision of whether he 's trustworthy enough for the job should be up to voters . His chief rival for the Democratic nomination , City Council Speaker Christine Quinn , stopped short of calling for his withdrawal from the mayor 's race Sunday but lambasted his actions as generating further distrust in government . "  I think it 's become very clear that former Congress member Weiner has a pattern of reckless behavior , an inability to tell the truth and a real lack of maturity and responsibility , " Quinn said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " "  I do n't think he should be mayor , and I think voters , if he stays in the race , will make that very clear . " On Friday , Weiner indicated he may stop answering questions altogether about his online relationships . "  There 's going to reach a point fairly soon that I 'm going to say I think I 've said enough about it , and I 'm going to keep just talking about other things , " he told reporters on Staten Island . CNN 's Chris Kokenes and Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	Campaign manager 's departure is latest sign Weiner 's mayoral bid is struggling Weiner has acknowledged he did n't stop having raunchy online chats after he left Congress Weiner said he could n't say for sure how many more women might come forward
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Harry Patch -- the last surviving British soldier from World War I -- died Saturday at the age of 111 , Britain 's Ministry of Defence said . Harry Patch , pictured here on November 11 , 2008 , at an Armistice Day commemoration ceremony in London . Patch died peacefully at his care home in the southwestern English city of Wells , the ministry announced . His death came a week after fellow British World War I veteran Henry Allingham died at the age of 113 . Patch was the last surviving soldier to have witnessed the horrors of trench warfare in the first World War He fought and was seriously wounded in Ypres , Belgium , in 1917 at the Battle of Passchendaele , in which 70,000 of his fellow soldiers died -- including three of his close friends . Born in 1898 , Patch became a plumber before being conscripted to the army in 1916 . After training , Patch was recruited to The Duke of Cornwall 's Light Infantry as a Lewis gunner assistant . The unit was rushed to the front line trenches of Ypres , where soldiers were urgently needed to replace those who were wounded and dying by the thousand . He fought in the trenches between June and September of 1917 and was involved in some of the fiercest fighting of the war . In late September he was wounded when a light shell exploded above his head , bringing an end to his military service . He received battlefield treatment without anesthetic . After the war , Harry returned to his work as a plumber and later became a sanitary engineer . He married Ada Billington , a young girl he met while convalescing after the battle . They married in 1919 and had two sons . In World War II , Patch joined the Auxiliary Fire Service and helped tackle the fires caused by heavy German raids on the English cities of Bath and Bristol . At one point , he was sent to organize sanitary arrangements for soldiers at a camp near Yeovil , where he became friendly with some of the men . Patch remembered the shock of finding the camp deserted , with coffee still hot and meals half-eaten , on the morning that the soldiers had gone off to France , the Ministry of Defence said . His wife , Ada , died in 1976 , and their two sons also later died . Patch remarried in 1980 , but he became a widower for the second time four years later . Patch did n't speak about the war until he turned 100 , the Ministry of Defence said . "  He tried to suppress the memories and to live as normal a life as possible ; the culture of his time said that he was fortunate to have survived and that he should get on with his life , " a Ministry of Defence biography says . "  That suited Harry ; he could ` forget ' his demons , the memories of what happened to him and to his close friends . " In 1998 , a television producer with an interest in the war talked to Patch , who then made the decision to speak of his memories , the Ministry of Defence said . He took part in a documentary on the war and began gradually to open up . It was n't long before Patch became a spokesman for his generation , speaking about the horrors of the war as well as his own emotions and reactions , the Ministry of Defence said . "  In speaking about his experiences , Harry began at last to come to terms with his war , and was at peace with himself and his memories , " the Defence Ministry said . "  His thoughts then turned to reconciliation , to the long-term effects of suffering and coming to terms with that suffering . " Patch returned to Belgium in 2002 , something he had said he would never do , and laid a wreath to his battalion , the Defence Ministry said . Two years later , he met and shook hands with a German artilleryman from the Western Front , Charles Kuentz . Patch later laid a wreath at Langemark Cemetery for the German war dead . In his last years , Patch was honored at Buckingham Palace and the prime minister 's residence at 10 Downing Street . On his 101st birthday France awarded him the Knighthood of the Legion of Honor , and this year President Nicolas Sarkozy upgraded that to the rank of officer . Last year , King Albert II of Belgium made Patch a Knight of the Order of Leopold . "  Harry was delighted to receive these awards and wore the medals with great pride , but he always made it clear that he wore these medals as a representative of the selfless generation he had come to represent , " the Ministry of Defence said . Patch wrote a book detailing his life in 2007 , called "  The Last Fighting Tommy . " The name referred to the slang term for British privates . "  While the country may remember Harry as a soldier , we will remember him as a dear friend , " said Jim Ross , a close friend . "  He was a man of peace who used his great age and fame as the last survivor of the trenches to communicate two simple messages : Remember with gratitude and respect those who served on all sides ,  and  settle disputes by discussion , not war . " Gen. Richard Dannatt , the chief of the general staff , issued a statement expressing his sadness about Patch 's death . "  Self-effacing about his experiences in the trenches he was no less effective in describing the horror they represented when invited to speak to schoolchildren about the realities of war . " Dannatt said . "  He was the last of a generation that in youth was steadfast in its duty in the face of cruel sacrifice and we give thanks for his life -- as well as those of his comrades -- for upholding the same values and freedom that we continue to cherish and fight for today . "	Harry Patch , dead at 111 , was last British survivor of World War One trench warfare Patch was seriously wounded in Ypres , Belgium , in 1917 at Battle of Passchendaele Patch "  tried to suppress memories and to live as normal a life as possible " Former soldier gradually opened up about his experiences in final years of life
CNN  -- Sen. Rand Paul said Friday he does n't want to "  create panic " over Ebola , but stood by his belief that the virus is more contagious that the government is letting on . "  I understand people in government not wanting to create panic , and I do n't want to create panic , either . But I think it 's also a mistake on the other side of the coin to underplay the risk of this , " the Kentucky Republican told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer in an interview to air in full on "  The Situation Room " at 5 p.m. ET . Last week Paul , an ophthalmologist with a medical degree from Duke , expressed strong skepticism of the Obama administration 's handling of Ebola . He called for the government to consider suspending flights to and from Ebola hot zones in Africa . While flight changes have not been implemented , the government is starting to enforce closer screenings of West Africans at five of America 's busiest airports . Doubling down on his stance , Paul said he thinks temporary flight suspensions would be practical . "  I mean , if you want to visit your son or daughter and you 're coming from Liberia , could n't you wait a couple of months ? I do n't think that that is something so -- of such an immediate necessity that the chance for a worldwide contagion , I think it 's not unreasonable , " he said . CDC director on Ebola : ` Only thing like this has been AIDS ' President Obama has said the likelihood of an Ebola epidemic in the United States is small , and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has maintained that the virus can only be transmitted through bodily fluids . "  The administration has been saying over and over again , ` Oh , this is only transmitted through direct bodily fluids . ' They make you think that this is like AIDS and not very contagious . And then in the next statement , they very quietly say , ` Oh , but if you 're within three feet of someone , we call that direct contact . ' Well I do n't think Americans think standing within three feet of someone is direct contact , " he said . American Ebola survivor not sure of source infection The CDC defines close contact as being within three feet of a patient for a prolonged period of time , or having direct brief contact , such as shaking hands and hugging . Walking by a person or moving through a hospital does not comprise contact , the CDC says . However , on CNN , CDC Director Dr. Thomas Frieden said that if a person had been coughed on or sneezed on by an Ebola patient , medical professionals would want to "  look at that situation very closely . " "  They also say it ca n't be aerosolized , " Paul said Friday . "  But the question people should be asking is , ` Can it be transmitted by someone coughing on you ? ' I think the virus can be suspended in cough particles . They call that direct contact . But I think most Americans would think that 's being aerosolized . " Complete coverage on Ebola	Rand Paul says he thinks Ebola can be found in cough particles . The Kentucky senator and ophthalmologist says he does n't want to "  create panic " . He wants to suspend flights from certain West African countries .
European Union newcomer Croatia is looking to undiscovered oil and gas fields in the Adriatic Sea to revive its ailing economy , according to the country 's president . Ivo Josipovic told CNN that Croatia -- soon to become the 28th member of the European Union -- is searching for partners in the energy sector to help reveal oil and gas "  green fields " in the waters that separate the Balkan nations and Italy . Read more : Croatia PM : We need Italy to recover The country , which relies heavily on its sun-kissed Adriatic coast to attract tourists and boost the economy , is seeking new revenue streams to combat a high national debt and a lack of competitiveness . In 2012 , Croatia 's economy contracted by 2 % and is expected to contract by 1 % this year , according to Eurostat -- the European Commission 's data service . "  There is one way to change the economy and that is to motivate investors to come to Croatia , " Josipovic told CNN in an exclusive interview . Croatia -- a small country of 4.3 million people -- is also battling against chronic unemployment over 18 % , with only Greece and Spain having a higher jobless rate . But Josipovic is adamant that Croatia 's European membership , which officially begins on July 1 , will attract foreign investment and prevent a so-called "  brain drain " in the country 's workforce . "  Brain drain is always connected to a bad economic situation , with the EU or without the EU , " he said . He added : "  But somehow by foreign investment or companies , I expect some brains to come to Croatia as well . " Read more : Patek Philippe boss : Quality is more important than growth One major obstacle to foreign investment is Croatia 's problems with endemic corruption . Since breaking away from Yugoslavia in the early 1990s , Croatia has struggled to choke off profiteering from those in positions of power . In November last year , the country 's former prime minister , Ivo Sanader , was jailed for 10 years after being found guilty of taking pay-offs from foreign companies . Read more : Luxury sales defy economic gloom Sanader -- who was premier from 2004 to 2009 -- fled the country but was arrested in Austria . He is now appealing his sentence . Josipovic said : "  Corruption is now considered as something that is not acceptable for our society and anyone who is caught will go to jail . Of course , efficiency of investigation is needed through our judiciary . " Read more : Europe 's new threat : Slow decay Transparency International -- an organization tackling corruption -- ranked Croatia below Rwanda , Jordan and Cuba in its Corruption Perceptions Index for 2012 . But the country still came in above Italy - Europe 's third largest economy . Of the former Yugoslav states , Croatia will be only the second country behind Slovenia to join the EU , but the country also has designs to one day join Europe 's embattled single currency area , the eurozone . Josipovic said the euro is already a de facto currency in Croatia but the country needs at least five years to meet the euro area criteria before it can think about joining . " -LSB- There is -RSB- no special target year , " he told CNN . "  But we think we already have the euro because if you ask someone the price , they tell you in euros . Our savings in banks are 80 % or more in euros because our citizens believe in the euro because the buy euro and save in euro . " Despite not being in the single currency , many small businesses in Croatia have debts denominated in euros rather than in kuna -- the country 's domestic currency - exposing them to exchange rate risk .	Eurostat : In 2012 , Croatia 's economy contracted by 2 % and is expected to contract by 1 % this year Croatia -- a small country of 4.3 million people -- is also battling against chronic unemployment One major obstacle to foreign investment is Croatia 's problems with endemic corruption
CNN  -- Somalia needs international help to fight Islamist extremists battling for power in the lawless Horn of Africa nation , the country 's moderate Islamist president said Monday . Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed was recently appointed Somalia 's transitional president . "  I am calling on the international community to help Somalia defend against foreign militants who have invaded the country , " President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed said . Speaking at a news conference in Somalia 's capital city , Mogadishu , Ahmed called several times for international help in fighting foreign militants whom he claims are the same fighters who have fought the "  international community " in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  Wherever they come , they fuel violence , " the president said . "  The Somali people can not and should not accept that their countries should be a launching pad for these militants to attack . " Ahmed told local journalists that he feared these foreign fighters would turn Somalia into another Iraq or Afghanistan , where U.S.-led forces are fighting Islamic extremist groups . He also praised local militias in the two regions of Hiiran and Middle Shabelle for struggling against the foreign militias . Last week , al-Shabab militants advanced to the presidential palace in Mogadishu , sparking sporadic fighting and shelling in the Somali capital . The recent fighting has killed more than 40 civilians and wounded about 150 others , according to sources at the scene . Al-Shabab -- once the armed wing of the Islamic Courts Union -- has been designated as a terrorist group by the United States , which says it is affiliated with the al Qaeda terrorist network . Ahmed participated in seizing control of Mogadishu in 2006 along with the Islamic Courts Union before it was ousted by Ethiopian forces later that year . He has since split from Somali jihad movements and was recently appointed Somalia 's transitional president through a process shepherded by the United Nations . Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report .	President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed speaking at a conference in Mogadishu Ahmed fears foreign fighters will turn Somalia into another Iraq or Afghanistan Fighting in past two days kills more than 40 civilians U.S. says Al-Shabab militants are affiliated with al Qaeda network
Budget Travel  -- Whatever your vibe , one of these new hotels will fit the bill . Hotel Erwin overlooks the hopping Venice Beach boardwalk . VENICE BEACH Hotel Erwin Surf and skate culture inspired the decor in the hotel 's 81 rooms and 38 suites . Graffiti-style art covers the doors , and safety-yellow metal partitions in the rooms display sunglasses for sale . Private balconies overlook the hopping Venice boardwalk . We especially love the pillow menu and the open-air rooftop lounge , which has views of the Pacific Ocean , 250 feet away . But what 's with the fireplaces in the suites ? Really , in Venice ? 1697 Pacific Ave. , 310/452 -1111 , jdvhotels.com , rooms from $ 179 . LAX AIRPORT Custom Hotel Working hard to prove that airport hotels need n't be dull , the Custom employs a private shuttle that takes guests to and from LAX while playing techno music over silent Greta Garbo movies . Clearly , this place is a playground for grown-ups . DJs spin Afro-Cuban tunes at Hopscotch , the pool bar and grill with a fire pit , four cabanas and vintage video games . Artistically inclined guests can borrow art supplies from the 12th-floor studio , Scribble . 8639 Lincoln Blvd. , 310/645 -0400 , customhotel.com , rooms from $ 95 . DOWNTOWN O Hotel This 68-room hotel sits in the heart of newly hot downtown L.A. Built in the 1920s , the steel-and-glass structure was recently renovated and now has a modern feel  think mood lighting that shines from under the beds and ergonomic desk chairs  . The minimalist motif is mostly nice , except when it comes to things like cramped shower stalls . The on-site O Bar & Kitchen serves tapas and martinis until 11 p.m. -- till 2 a.m. on weekends ; a 7,000-square-foot underground lounge opens next spring . 819 S. Flower St. , 213/623 -9904 , ohotelgroup.com , rooms from $ 129 . HOLLYWOOD Hollywood Heights Hotel In prime Hollywood , this hotel is within three blocks of the Walk of Fame , Madame Tussauds  opening August 1  , and Grauman 's Chinese Theatre . The lobby mixes the contemporary -- white metal-frame sofas and graphic-print rugs -- with black-and-white photos of film stars like Audrey Hepburn and Humphrey Bogart . Low-key restaurant and bar Hideout serves pot pies , short ribs and mac and cheese . 2005 N. Highland Ave. , 323/876 -8600 , hollywoodheightshotel.com , rooms from $ 169 . LOS FELIZ Los Feliz Lodge This group of 13 casitas was built in the 1920s as an enclave for the Paramount silent-film elite . The bungalows and villas -- some of which still belong to full-time private residents -- have amenities like stocked kitchens , washers , dryers and French doors that lead to a communal patio . Los Feliz is a rare walkable neighborhood , and the Metro is only a five-minute stroll away . 1507 N. Hoover St. , 877/660 -4150 , losfelizlodge.com , two-person bungalows from $ 150 . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	Artistically inclined Custom Hotel guests can borrow art supplies Bungalows and villas at the Los Feliz Lodge have stocked kitchens Hollywood Heights Hotel is within three blocks of the Walk of Fame
CNN  A ballerina dancing in a music box and a girl sat in an armchair drinking tea surrounded by flowers . This is how two of China 's most popular websites chose to celebrate International Women 's Day Sunday , unleashing a storm of criticism , especially on social media , which ridiculed their home page "  doodles " as sexist stereotypes . "  May the world treat you gently , " the video-sharing site Youku told its female users . Search engine Baidu had no explicit message for its visitors , but the rotating ballerina turned into a bride and then a mom with a stroller . Internet users were quick to point out how the efforts of Baidu , China 's biggest search engine , and Youku , dubbed China 's YouTube , contrasted with global rival Google . Its doodle depicted women in several different professions , including a scientist , artist , astronaut , chef , musician , teacher and volleyball player . "  This is how you define women and celebrate them ! " said Weibo user @Zoexiaoyizi of Baidu 's music box . "  Google 's doodle just makes their stupidity even worse . " Guo Weiqing , a professor at Sun Yat-sen University in Guangzhou , said that the companies ' choice of imagery suggested that women are there only to be taken care of and look pretty -- and the real world of business should be left to men . "  Internet companies conveying such a narrow definition of women is n't good . It 's exactly the opposite of the International Women 's Day mission , which is fighting for gender equality , " he told CNN . Baidu and Youku did n't immediately respond to calls for comment . The doodle uproar came as Chinese authorities detained several women right 's activists this weekend . Some of them had planned to hold a nationwide protest against sexual harassment . On Monday , five were still being held police , said an activist and a friend of the women , who asked not to be identified . Beijing traditionally cracks down on activists during important meetings like this week 's National People 's Congress  NPC  . "  In other countries , doing such things on International Women 's Day is natural , while in China you get detained for fighting for women 's rights , " she said . "  Everything we 've done is mild and done legally -- we call for gender equality in the college entrance exam and more toilet spots for women , " she added . Under Chairman Mao Zedong , women famously "  held up half the sky " but there is a growing sense that Chinese women today face more , not less , discrimination than in the past . The New York Times reported last month that women make up fewer than one in 10 board members at the country 's top 300 companies . And China 's state-run media often appears more concerned with women 's looks and marital status than equal rights . Showing the same tin ear as Baidu and Youku , the People 's Daily , the Communist Party 's official newspaper , published an online gallery entitled "  Beauty with brains . " It featured 18 snapshots of female journalists covering the NPC in Beijing this week . And during the Lunar New Year holidays last month , a television gala watched by 690 million people included comedy skits mocking overweight and unmarried women . Incensed feminists called for an end to the annual televised extravaganza in an online petition . Just weeks earlier , Zhou Guoping , an influential writer , enraged many when he said that "  a man can have thousands of ambitions but a woman only one " -- to give birth . Guo , the professor , said that more and more women are n't happy with the gender roles Chinese society ascribes to them , and this year 's string of "  sexist incidents " reflects men 's concerns that women are n't as "  feminine " as they once were . "  They hope women will return to the way they 're supposed to be . " CNN Intern Harvard Zhang contributed to this report	International Women 's Day doodles stir controversy in China Baidu and Youku depict women as girls , brides and mothers Feminist activists held by police over the weekend
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- Thailand 's Constitutional Court Tuesday fired the country 's prime minister , Samak Sundaravej , for violating the constitution by hosting a TV cooking show while in office . Thai Prime Minister Samak Sundaravej talks with a market vendor on Monday in Udon Thani province . Tuesday 's ruling against Sundaravej , who has faced weeks of violent street protests , also forces the resignation of his cabinet . Ministers are barred from working for private companies , and Samak 's opponents filed the case hoping that a conviction will compel him to step down . In theory , analysts say , Samak can return as prime minister in days -- if the ruling coalition nominates him again and a parliament vote is taken . Samak appeared in court Monday , and argued that he had not violated any rules . His work for the television company , he said , was as a freelancer and not an employee . Further , he said , the show was not on the air any more and that he received just $ 2,300 for his appearances . The 73-year-old Samak continued to appear sporadically on the show "  Tasting while Grumbling " after he became prime minister in February . On the show , he served up personal favorites and dished on topics that struck his fancy . Watch CNN 's Dan Rivers on latest crisis for Thai PM " Soon after taking office , he told CNN that he was no reason to halt his participation . "  Somebody says as a prime minister , I have time , but I should not do such a thing like that . I said , ` No , I checked the constitution already . There 's no obstruction with that , ' " he said . Professor Suchit Bunbongkarn , an expert on the constitution , said the document clearly bans prime ministers from being employed by a private entity . "  It depends on the constitutional court to decide whether receiving money to appear in the programs on the television could be considered an employee of any employer or not , " he said . The court case is another attempt by Samak 's opponents who have thrown everything but the kitchen sink at him . Samak was already facing charges of corruption , appealing a three-year prison sentence for defaming a deputy governor and dealing with an election commission decision last week that his party committed electoral fraud in the December elections and should be dissolved . In addition , thousands of protesters have camped outside the Government House , the government 's headquarters -- blocking Samak from entering since August 26 . The protesters are demanding that Samak step down . They accuse him of being a proxy for his ousted predecessor , Thaksin Shinawatra . Samak has strongly denied the allegation and has refused to resign . On Tuesday , he declared a state of emergency in the capital city of Bangkok after overnight clashes between his supporters and anti-government demonstrators that wounded 40 and left one person dead . The People 's Alliance for Democracy  PAD  -- which is heading the protests -- contends Samak is trying to amend the constitution so Thaksin does not have to face charges . Thaksin , who was ousted in a coup in 2006 , returned to England last month just as he was to appear in court in a corruption case . CNN 's Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	Thai court fires PM Sundaravej for violating constitution Sundaravej participated in television cooking show Ministers in Thailand are barred from working for private companies
CNN  -- Memories of salvaging and stealing to avoid going hungry are part of the legacy of the Great Depression . Some iReporters say they ca n't help but look at the current economy and feel the past holds lessons for the present . Pam Van Hylckama Vlieg says her great grandfather tried to steal chickens after being laid off from mining . Donna LeBlanc of Waxia , Louisiana , says she carries no credit to this day as a result of the frugality and self-reliance instilled in her by her family . Her husband keeps the couple 's credit card and maintains a zero balance . The Great Depression meant scary times for many households as a period of economic downturn spread throughout the world . Historians trace its start to the "  Black Tuesday " stock crash on October 29 , 1929 , and argue that the resulting global desperation set the stage for World War II . LeBlanc said her grandparents were fortunate that they did n't have investments and could grow -- or catch -- their own food during the Depression years . Her grandfather Lester was a "  Cajun cowboy " often seen wearing a cowboy hat , and her grandmother Ida was a resourceful woman who spent much of the 1930s working as a store clerk . LeBlanc , always told never to keep credit card debt , heard frightful stories from Ida . iReport.com : See a photo of the happy couple together after all these years "  She remembered vividly the barrels of flour , the bolts of cloth and the hunger in the faces of people as they begged for store credit , " LeBlanc said . "  The store must have been at least marginally successful , because my grandmother was able to purchase , a piece at a time , a complete six-person setting of Gorham Chantilly silverware for her trousseau , linens and even a Lane cedar chest to house her treasures . " The couple would catch wild hogs , feed them corn for a year and eat them once the wild taste was out of the scavenging animals . They also took advantage of available squirrel meat , a common food in the South at that time . "  It was a uniquely disgusting thing ... to see my grandfather take a stewed , skinned squirrel 's head , smack the skull 's dome with a heavy silver tablespoon , and dine on the brains , " LeBlanc said . Years after the Depression , LeBlanc 's grandparents were well off once again . Ida became a packrat and could n't help saving what she could . When the family opened up the old cedar chest after she died , they found a decades-old treasure trove of sewing materials and other keepsakes . iReport.com : "  My dad used to cry when he spoke of that Great Depression " The Great Depression turned many Americans into packrats who could n't bear to part with anything of potential value . They could n't always afford to buy what they needed . Pam van Hylckama Vlieg of Williamsburg , Virginia , says her great grandfather , Glen Surber , resorted to stealing food at times because he had hit rock-bottom . Surber left the family behind in Saltville , Virginia , so he could head out to West Virginia 's coal mines . After he got laid off , he found himself trying to steal chickens from a nearby farmer to feed his hungry family . He hid behind a tree to wait for nightfall , but his plan was stymied when he found another person lurking in the shadows . "  Both men took off running and then they realized they each thought the other was the farmer , but they were both there to steal a chicken , " van Hylckama Vlieg said . "  Needless to say , that was another night of water bread . " iReport.com : Can you imagine having to steal to eat ? Digging into her memories , van Hylckama Vlieg says her great grandfather eventually found a work program after the New Deal and was able to rebuild his life . She is confident we have n't hit another Depression and that we 've learned enough lessons from the past to avoid letting things get as bad as they were before . "  Poppy always said the world turns and everything that has happened would happen again . I am sure if he were still with us today he would be warning us to start a garden and buy some chickens . " Saving is a habitual behavior for those who have lived through the Great Depression , says Anjanette Sanchez of Globe , Arizona . Her grandmother , Vera Vasquez , had a difficult time with the Great Depression and seemed to be scarred by it long after . "  She spoke of the time with great disgust in her voice as if it was the most awful time of her life , " Sanchez said . "  She mostly spoke of being hungry and having to wear old boots that did n't fit . " iReport.com : Read about those times when nothing could be wasted Vasquez continued to save her things and always kept her freezer packed with food -- like frozen cactus to eat with her scrambled eggs -- because she 'd lived through harsh times . There was never room for ice cubes . "  I guess to her , food was more valuable than ice , " Sanchez said . "  Her motto at the table was to eat as much as you want , but not to waste the food . Take all you want , but eat all you take . " Sanchez now passes on the same ideas to her children and reminds them not to be wasteful . iReport.com : Do you have a story about the Great Depression ? Share it with us Other iReporters had plenty to say , and shared their stories about the lessons they have learned and applied from the Great Depression : Kimberly Kolaski of Richmond , Virginia , says her family 's claim to fame is her great granduncle Paul Satko 's remarkable attempt to travel to Alaska in a wooden ark to find land and a better life . He spent a couple of weeks making the treacherous trip on board the boat , termed the Ark of Juneau . "  He was on a mission and he was going to do it no matter what , " Kolaski says . She 's heard numerous stories about the hardships Satko endured , including being stopped while driving his unusual payload to Seattle , Washington , where the ark was to be launched . The story is inspirational for the family and provides a sobering lesson about economic security for Kolaski . iReport.com : Find out more about the ark and Satko 's travels "  I 've learned to put my money away and do n't touch it , " she says . Sheila Elrod of Atlanta , Georgia , says many secrets to success have been passed along through the years in her family . "  My grandfather , born in 1898 , was an established small businessman by 1929 , owning and managing a gas station and grill patronized by the mill workers . As his children and grandchildren grew into adulthood , he reminded us of some guiding principles that he learned during the depression . " Elrod says her grandmother worked inside the nearby mill because people of the time believed that one must "  work hard , regardless of your status . " "  Oddly enough , she and her sisters were ladies that were taught all the graces of being ladies , " Elrod said . "  However , here 's an example that even ladies did n't shy away from hard work during that time . iReport.com : See a family photo and the mill where Elrod 's grandmother worked Elrod said her grandfather had to be careful to whom he gave credit and learned many smart business secrets along the way . He passed them along to Elrod : Richard Holland of Phoenix , Arizona , says his grandfather packed up a Ford Model T in search of a better life . The family ended up taking shelter in a barn while Orville Holland continued onward to find work . "  In those days , telephones were few and far between across the Great Plains , and months elapsed with no word or money from my grandfather . The coming winter was a serious concern as they considered the threat of living in the unheated barn . " iReport.com : Read the story of what it 's like to have a family living in a barn "  As fall approached , the story continues that my grandfather returned in a borrowed car . He had walked , hitchhiked and ridden the rails until he secured a job , saving every penny to finally rent a place for his family . " Gayla Uslu of Conyers , Georgia , says she never understood why her grandmother was so big on saving plastic bowls and other packaging until now . "  She grew up in the depression and also lived in a rural area , far from the soup and bread lines in the urban areas . It was n't just a matter of getting food , it has to be stored and kept long-term as well . " iReport.com : Read about the moneysaving tips Uslu has learned Uslu finds much to learn from her grandmother and catches herself doing the same things that mystified her before . "  Today , I find myself really thinking twice before I throw uneaten food away . Leftovers are n't such a bad idea anymore , and I find myself holding on to a few of those plastic containers myself . "	Economic downturn brings back memories of poverty during Great Depression iReporters recall family stories of stealing food and eating wild hogs or squirrels Saving , self-reliance exhibited during that era useful now when borrowing is difficult iReport.com : What are the Great Depression 's lessons ? Share photos , video
Los Angeles  CNN  -- You could call it "  the year of the rear " at the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards , although last year 's chief twerker chose a higher path . While Nicki Minaj and her collaborators paid tribute to their assets with song and dance , Miley Cyrus stood offstage and watched as a young homeless man accepted her best music video award . These might have been the most memorable moments of the night if not for Beyonce and her daughter , Blue Ivy , stealing the show . Here are four highlights from the show at the Forum in Inglewood , California , on Sunday night . 1 . Beyonce and Blue Ivy steal the show . Beyonce 's 2-year-old daughter gave her own performance while sitting in her father 's lap and watching her mother onstage Sunday . Blue Ivy 's facial expressions and hand gestures suggested she inherited the music gene . Blue Ivy applauded her mommy as daddy Jay Z carried her onstage at the end of Beyonce 's 16-minute performance . Jay Z handed his wife the MTV Michael Jackson Vanguard Award while declaring that she was "  the greatest living entertainer . " Blue Ivy is heard saying "  Mommy ! " "  I 'm so full , " Beyonce said , as the audience began chanting . "  I have nothing to say , but I 'm filled with so much gratitude . " The family hug that followed could be one of the most loving and memorable moments ever on the VMA stage . Even the stars were struck by Beyonce 's daughter . Katy Perry tweeted : "  OMG BLUE IVY JUST PERSONALLY WAVED AT ME . MY LIFE IS OVER . " 2 . Miley Cyrus is the adult in the room . A year after she set tongues wagging with a provocative dance with a teddy bear , Cyrus was more like Mother Teresa when her "  Wrecking Ball " video was named as the best of 2014 . She stopped short of the stage , instead sending a young man who identified himself as Jesse to accept the moon man trophy on "  behalf of the 1.6 million runaways and homeless youths in the United States who are starving , lost and scared for their lives right now . " Cyrus , 21 , appeared to be near tears as Jesse , who said he was homeless , read a speech : "  I 've survived in shelters all over this city . I 've cleaned your hotel rooms . I 've been an extra in your movies . I 've been an extra in your life . Though I may have been invisible to you on the streets , I have a lot of the same dreams that brought many of you here tonight . " Jesse 's speech called attention to the large population of homeless young people in Los Angeles . "  The music industry will make over $ 7 billion this year , and outside these doors are 54,000 human beings who have no place to call home . If you want to make a powerful change in the world right now , please join us and go to Miley 's Facebook page . A dream you dream alone is only a dream , but a dream you dream together is reality . " In a video posted on her Facebook page , Miley instructs fans to donate through a Prizeo fundraising site to the Los Angeles-area charity , My Friend 's Place , which provides support for homeless youths ages 12 to 25 . Prizeo is not yet releasing information on how much has been raised or how many people donated , but Heather Carmichael , the executive director of My Friend 's Place , said she had been told the campaign was on track to bring in $ 200,000 in its first day . Cyrus later posted an Instagram photo with Jesse , calling him "  my favorite dude ever . " 3 . They like big butts . Nicki Minaj set the tone early with her "  Anaconda " performance and again when "  Bang Bang " collaborators Ariana Grande and Jessie J joined her onstage . The choreography , costumes and lyrics paid tribute to ladies who have plenty to shake . Minaj returned later in the show for a brief cameo during Usher 's performance in which he bumped her rump while also strumming a bass guitar . The only diversion from the theme was an accident , when Minaj suffered an apparent wardrobe malfunction that threatened to expose her upper front . She survived with her dignity -- such as it is -- by clutching the rebellious garment for the remainder of the song . The snake that bit a dancer during a VMA rehearsal was not used in Sunday 's show . Boa bites dancer during rehearsal for Nicki Minaj 's ` Anaconda ' at VMAs Taylor Swift brought something completely different to the stage : her long , lanky physique . Presenter Chelsea Handler joked that she demanded producers put on "  someone who 's white " so she would n't have to follow "  big fat asses . " "  So thank you , Taylor Swift , for being so white , " Handler said . 4 . Moment of silence for Michael Brown . The 2014 VMAs did not ignore what 's been happening in Ferguson , Missouri , over the two weeks since a police officer shot and killed an unarmed black teenager . Rapper Common took the stage to address it . "  The people in Ferguson and St. Louis and communities across the country have used their voices to call for justice and change to let everyone know that each and every one of our lives matters , " Common said . Saying that hip-hop has always been about truth and has been a powerful instrument of social change , Common led the Forum in a moment of silence "  for Mike Brown and for peace in this country and in the world . " The MTV broadcast also included a 15-second public service announcement that featured the "  Hands up ! Do n't shoot ! " chant of the Ferguson protesters . It included a quote from American poet James Baldwin : "  Not everything that is faced can be changed , but nothing can be changed until it is faced . " Chris Brown 's VMA party turns violent ; ` Suge ' Knight , 2 others shot CNN 's David Shortell contributed to this report .	Beyonce and daughter Blue Ivy steal the show at the 2014 MTV VMAs Miley Cyrus uses her best video award to send a message about homeless youths Nicki Minaj set the tone of the year of the rear at the 2014 VMAs The show includes a moment of silence for the Ferguson , Missouri , teen shot to death
As the White House convened a day-long summit on working families with a heavy focus on work-life balance , I remembered a major survey last year that took issue with the prevailing notion that juggling work and home life is mainly a woman 's issue . According to a survey by the Pew Research Center , 56 % of working mothers said it was very or somewhat difficult to balance the responsibilities of their jobs and their families ; 50 % of working fathers , nearly as many as working mothers , said the very same thing . And when it comes to who is doing more of the telecommuting , another survey also challenges the longstanding belief that it 's mainly working moms . By a wide margin , more men than women are working not from the office , but from home , a business center or another location , according to the national survey by Flex + Strategy Group/Work + Life Fit Inc. , which works with organizations and individuals to create flexible workplaces . Nearly one-third of the 556 full-time employed adults who were surveyed said they do most of their work remotely , and nearly three out of four of those telecommuters were men . Why do these findings matter ? Because too often , when work-life balance is discussed among policymakers , in the media , even online , the general sense is that it 's primarily a concern of women , especially working mothers . "  The significance of the research is that it proves that the way we think and talk about work-life flexibility does n't track with reality , " said Cali Yost , chief executive officer and founder of Flex + Strategy Group/Work + Life Fit Inc. . "  As a result , both business and people are n't reaping the rewards of a more thoughtful , deliberate , strategic approach to managing work and life . " And when these misperceptions are held by C-suite executives , they can dramatically impact how far organizations might go to create more flexible workplaces for their employees . "  An everyone issue " Consider a recent analysis of interviews with nearly 4,000 executives worldwide conducted by Harvard Business School students from 2008 to 2013 . Both male and female executives considered the "  tension between work and family to be primarily a woman 's problem , " according to the report . "  As Rebecca Traister recently pointed out in the New Republic , when we 're trying to solve the problem of not enough women in the upper echelons of business , tech , and politics , we always direct these conversations at women themselves , " wrote Jessica Grose for Slate earlier this year . "  But the problem here is n't women 's lack of ambition or , necessarily , their lack of support at home . The issue is that we need to get men to acknowledge work-life conflicts as an everyone issue , not a women 's issue or a mom 's issue , " wrote Grose . Craig Cincotta , vice president for brand communications for Porch.com , an online home improvement network , said in today 's 24/7 connected world , work-life balance becomes an issue for nearly everyone , women and men . WATCH : Why Zuckerberg 's sister says to log off "  In my experience people often feel the need to be accessible at all times to demonstrate their commitment to the job , " said Cincotta . "  Answering e-mail at 3 a.m. becomes a badge of honor . When that becomes the societal norm , it makes it hard for people to find a healthy work-life balance . " Jennifer Styles , a co-owner and managing partner of The Workshop Collective , a marketing , public relations , design and Web development firm , said work-life balance is an issue for both genders , and not just working parents . "  I am not a parent . I am a co-owner of a company with over 20 employees  who are my family  and I feel guilty not ` working ' all the time or being readily available for my team during all hours of the day , " said Styles on Facebook . "  I try not to look at my phone after 9 p.m. but it is a challenge . ... Most business owners do n't have the choice to not respond to their team/clients in a timely fashion . " Weakened commitment to flexibility ? After Marissa Mayer of Yahoo! banned working from home shortly after taking over as the company 's chief executive officer , many women and men wondered if more companies might follow her lead and move in the direction of less flexibility as opposed to more . The results of another survey by Flex + Strategy Group/Work + Life Fit Inc. show that , at least as far as employees ' perceptions are concerned , that might be the case . While 97 % of those surveyed said they had some flexibility at work , more than four out of ten said they perceive a "  waning commitment " to flexibility at their company , according to survey results released in May . In addition , only 40 % of those surveyed who had work-life flexibility received any guidance or training from their employer on how to use work-life flexibility most effectively . What all this means , said Yost , the expert on workplace flexibility , is that the majority of workers with flexibility "  are flying by the seat of their pants and are not optimizing the flexibility they have to benefit themselves and the business . " "  Everyone loses ... including women , " she added . No "  one size fits all " approach Cincotta of Porch.com says as a manager and leader within his company , he wants to help people find work-life balance -- or life-work balance , as he thinks we should call it . But he says it 's an issue that each person has to define for himself or herself . "  We can not expect a ` one size fits all ' approach to the solution , " said Cincotta . "  Maybe it is working from home one day a week , perhaps it is a commitment not to check mail on the weekend . Whatever the solution people fundamentally develop as their own , they need to identify and respect the boundaries required to make it effective . " Expanding the conversation about work-life balance to include men and people without children can lead to more workplace changes that benefit more employees , men and women I talked with say . It can also provide more opportunities for working parents , especially mothers who would choose to continue their professional paths if they and their partners had more flexibility to balance the demands at home . "  Having a partner split the child-rearing duties enables you to juggle your art/career/work with the responsibilities and fun that come with raising a child , " said Amy Glazer , who is head of the theater program at San Jose State University and the mom of a college-age son . "  The beauty of actually dividing the parenting labor , although it 's chaotic , is that when the child grows up , as my child has -- we both still have careers to come back to and the nest is too busy to feel empty . " How important is work-life balance to you ? Share your thoughts in the comments or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	The White House is holding a summit Monday on issues affecting working families Working fathers , like working mothers , find it hard to balance work and family , survey says More men than women are telecommuting , according to another survey Work-life balance is an "  everyone issue " not a women 's or moms ' issue , says one writer
CNN  -- A New Jersey school employee is under fire for enlisting an impersonator to fill in for Lady Gaga , who was slated to talk to elementary school students about the dangers of bullying , school officials said . Tenafly Public Schools administrators were alerted of the gaffe by one school-aged Lady Gaga fan who was n't fooled by a phony autographed photo of the pop star , superintendent Lynn Trager said . "  We are all disappointed and surprised , " said Trager , who outlined the details of the May 25 stunt in a letter sent to elementary school parents in the district last week . According to the letter , the staff member who arranged for Lady Gaga to give an anti-bullying presentation to students via Skype claimed to have a personal relationship with the singer . But in the 11th hour , Lady Gaga backed out . "  Knowing how disappointed the children would be , without authorization the staff developer made arrangements for an impersonator to take Lady Gaga 's place -- a clear lapse in judgment , " the letter said . During the presentation , the impersonator claimed her microphone was n't working and typed to students instead of speaking , Trager said . School officials were tipped off to the incident by a skeptical student who was n't convinced by the autographed photo of Lady Gaga that was distributed to students during the presentation . "  It was a student who discovered that the handwriting did n't look real to her , " Trager said of how administrators were informed of the scam . The district immediately informed parents and suspended all future Skype guests . "  As soon as we discovered this we felt we owed it to the parents and students to be honest , " Trager added . She would not comment on what actions , if any , are being taken against the school employee behind the Lady Gaga-swapping caper . In the letter to parents , Trager said she does not believe the employee intended to be malicious . "  Although her actions were inexcusable , I do believe that this was a misguided attempt to reward the children for their diligent preparation for the NJ ASK test , " the letter reads , referring to a state standardized test , the New Jersey Assessment of Skills and Knowledge .	Elementary school worker claimed she could get celebrity to speak Last-minute substitute typed instead of speaking New Jersey superintendent says employee was "  misguided "
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Five U.S. soldiers were wounded Thursday when a suicide bomber attacked a U.S. base , an Afghan official said . The attacker detonated the bomb about 9 p.m. while in the "  sleeping area " on the base , said Paktia province spokesman Roullah Samoun . It is unclear how the bomber got onto the base , but preliminary investigations show the attacker wore an Afghan border police uniform , Samoun said . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said that "  several ISAF service members from the United States were injured " in an explosion on their base in eastern Afghanistan 's Paktia province . The assistance force did not confirm that the explosion was caused by a suicide bomber . There was no immediate word on the extent of damage . An earlier suicide attack on a U.S. base in Afghanistan killed seven CIA officers and a Jordanian army captain on December 30 . The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack , also on a base in eastern Afghanistan . Former CIA official Robert Richer called the bombing the most loss of life for the agency since the 1983 bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Beirut , Lebanon , in which eight agents died . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	Five U.S. soldiers wounded in base 's "  sleeping area " Suicide bomber struck about 9 p.m. ; unclear how he got on base Official says attacker wore an Afghan border police uniform
Lindsey Vonn 's comeback to the World Cup skiing circuit was put on hold Friday as she faces a race against time to compete in the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics . The American superstar was set to return to competitive action at Beaver Creak next week , but suffered a major setback in training in Colorado Tuesday when she suffered a partial tear of one of her reconstructed knee ligaments . "  While her rehab is progressing , she is not at a point where she will be able to ski next week and is unfortunately withdrawing from the race at Beaver Creek , " spokesman Lewis Kay said . "  She will continue to do therapy with an eye at racing in Lake Louise , " he added . That event takes place on the weekend of December 6-8 with two downhills and a giant slalom on the program . Vonn , the reigning Olympic champion in downhill , is focused on defending her title in the Sochi Games which start on February 7 , hoping to emulate the feat of compatriot Picabo Street at the 1998 Games in Nagano . She suffered the original injury in a crashing fall at the world championships in Austria last February and has been receiving treatment from Colarodo-based orthopedic surgeon Bill Sterett . "  Lindsey is recovering very quickly from abrasions to her face and contusions to her shoulder blade , " Sterett reported in comments released through Kay . "  Beyond that , she has a stable knee with an MRI finding of a partial tear of her ACL graft . With therapy , she is progressing well while not losing any of the strength she worked so hard to achieve . " The 29-year-old Vonn is a four-time overall World Cup champion and has won two golds at the world championship in a glittering career on the slopes .	Lindsey Vonn pulls out of comeback race next week Suffered fresh injury problem with fall in Colorado in training Underwent reconstructive surgery to right knee earlier this year Bidding to defend Olympic downhill title in Sochi 2014
CNN  -- No one can deny that these are difficult days . Ireland this week became the second Eurozone nation in six months to be bailed out by the International Monetary Fund . The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development predicted a slowing down of economic recovery through 2011 , with more turbulence ahead if "  global imbalances " and high levels of sovereign debt are not brought under control . As currency speculators hover in search of easy pickings , Western nations rush to impose self-styled "  austerity measures . " No one wants to be the next economic basket case . Let 's cross our fingers and pray to the gods that we escape the luck of the Irish . The temptation for national governments to panic and retrench is powerful . But the instinct is misguided and damagingly regressive . Even the language of austerity , with its overtones of punishment , is painfully wrong . And the pain is inflicted first and foremost on the public sector -- where spending cuts abound and job losses are rife -- and on the poorest in society . Frontline services evaporate and the most deprived communities are left hanging out to dry . Austerity comes from the Greek verb "  to dry . " It is sour and astringent . Self-flagellation is the order of the day . TED.com : Bjorn Lomborg sets global priorities Some at least of this new austerity is a form of ideological revenge . The UK is a striking case in point . Britain 's Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne smiled all the way to the dispatches box as he delivered plans to cut the UK deficit to nothing in the space of five years . His was the moral high ground . The finger of blame was pointed clearly at his predecessors who had been "  profligate " with the nation 's resources and built an "  overblown " public sector . It 's a tempting and convenient narrative . But it 's also profoundly inaccurate and a damaging basis for economic renewal . The first casualty in party warfare is a sense of perspective . For all his failings , one of Gordon Brown 's most significant achievements as chancellor from 1997 to 2007 was to bring the national debt down below 40 percent of the gross domestic product and keep it there consistently for the longest period in UK history since World War I . That is , until the crisis struck -- and then all hell broke loose . Public sector spending , having been stable in relative terms for decades , leapt from 40 percent to 50 percent of the GDP . The public deficit approached 12 percent of the GDP and the sovereign debt is set to double -- all in the space of a few short years . Amidst the ideological bloodletting , the architecture of the crisis has been conveniently forgotten . This was not a crisis born from rampant socialism , but from unbridled capitalism . What collapsed was not the internal viability of the social economy but the structural integrity of capital markets . And the biggest casualty of all has been our ability to invest meaningfully in the future . When the language is all about spending cuts , the mere mention of investment in public goods is seen as heretical . And one of the most vital tenets of economics -- that our future welfare depends on the services provided by capital assets -- is left waving in the ideological wind . For one brief moment during early 2009 , the political rhetoric around stimulus lingered tantalizingly on the need to invest in transition -- away from a carbon-intensive , fossil-fueled economy and toward a sustainable , green society . We missed the chance to take that opportunity seriously . TED.com : John Hardy 's green school dream What we can not afford to do now is to erase the lessons of the global financial crash from our minds in our desire to avoid a visit from the IMF . In fact , it is we who should pay a visit to the IMF . A global institution which has failed to protect global capitalism from itself is no longer fit for its purpose . Imposing austerity as a means to revive business as usual is a moribund strategy . If institutional reform is the order of the day , then the transformation of the IMF may not be a bad starting point . But beyond such reform , where should we turn for inspiration and renewal ? This is where frugality comes in . Austerity is all about cutting back the public sector in an attempt to reinvigorate the private sector . Frugality is about shifting our attention , and our income , away from restless consumption and toward long-term saving . Spending less , yes , but investing more -- both in the public and the private sphere . And in our rush to rebuild financial markets , we need to pause long enough to make them fit for the purpose . Investing responsibly in social and ecological assets is the key design criterion . Creating robust vehicles to direct public and private savings toward long-term investment in low carbon technologies and infrastructures , in resource productivity , in social goods and public spaces , in land and water and ecosystem services -- here is the cornerstone for economic renewal . TED.com : Saving the ocean one island at a time Government must guide and lead this transition . This is not a time to dismantle the state . By all means let 's question again the boundaries between the private and the public sectors . Let 's explore new models of ownership and enterprise . Let 's question the role of productivity and the meaning of welfare . Let 's revisit the concept and function of public goods . But for goodness ' sake , let 's leave sufficient governance in place to have a decent chance at a new prosperity . Frugality comes from the Latin . It speaks of bearing fruit . Of our ability to flourish , not through relentless material profligacy , but through a due attention to season and cycle and the processes of maturation . Austerity presents us with an arid world , stripped bare of meaning , devoid of hope . Frugality offers us a way to re-enchant the future . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tim Jackson .	Tim Jackson : Nations are hoping to avoid bailouts like those of Greece , Ireland He says there 's a rush to embrace austerity measures that inflict pain on the poor Jackson says we need to adopt frugal policies , spending less but investing more Government must lead ; this is not a time to dismantle the state , he says
CNN  -- Western powers slapped sanctions on more than two dozen Russian officials and their allies in Ukraine 's Crimea region on Monday , while Ukrainian officials vowed they would never accept the territory 's annexation by Russia . In a televised address Monday night , interim Ukrainian President Oleksandr Turchynov said his government would do "  everything possible " to solve the crisis diplomatically , and he praised his citizens for refusing to respond to Russian provocations with violence . "  The Kremlin is afraid of the democratic future which we are building , and this is the reason for their aggression , " Turchynov said . "  But this will not be an obstacle to the building of a democratic country . " But he announced a partial mobilization of his country 's armed forces and said Ukrainians "  have to unite in one big family , which is ready to protect its home . " Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk said there was "  a strong possibility " of a Russian invasion of Ukraine . "  I still believe that there is only one solution of this crisis , a peaceful one , " Yatsenyuk said . "  But we offer peace , and Russia offers war . " The Russian-backed breakaway government in Crimea applied to join with Moscow on Monday after a weekend referendum that Ukraine , the United States and the European Union called illegal . U.S. and EU officials announced sanctions on more than two dozen Russian officials and their allies in the region , which Russian-backed forces seized three weeks ago . In Moscow , Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a decree that recognizes the independence and sovereignty of the Republic of Crimea , says a statement on Russia 's Kremlin website . The Russian parliament is expected to vote on whether to annex the breakaway territory in the coming days . Turchynov said Ukraine was willing to hold talks with Russia , "  but we will never accept the annexing of our territory . " The EU sanctions include the top pro-Russian Crimean secessionist leaders , 10 leading Russian lawmakers who have endorsed the annexation of Crimea and three top Russian military commanders . The U.S. sanctions list also includes two top advisers to Russian President Vladimir Putin and ex-Ukrainian President Yanukovych , whose February ouster in the face of widespread anti-government protests sparked the current crisis . In Washington , President Barack Obama warned Moscow : "  Further provocations will achieve nothing except to further isolate Russia and diminish its place in the world . " "  The international community will continue to stand together to oppose any violations of Ukrainian sovereignty and territorial integrity , and continued Russia military intervention in Ukraine will only deepen Russia 's diplomatic isolation and exact a greater toll on the Russia economy , " he said . Russian official : Proud to be sanctioned Washington said its sanctions targeted Russian officials and lawmakers , as well as Crimea-based separatist leaders , with financial sanctions for undermining "  democratic processes and institutions in Ukraine . " Obama 's order freezes any assets in the United States and bans travel for the 11 people named . Among those sanctioned were ousted Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych and aides to Putin . But one of the Putin aides named in the U.S. sanctions called it "  a great honor " to be singled out for American punishment . "  I consider the decision of the Washington administration as a recognition of my service to Russia , " Vladislav Surkov told Russian news outlet MK . And in Brussels , Belgium , European Union international policy chief Catherine Ashton announced sanctions against 21 people "  responsible for actions which undermine or threaten the territorial integrity , sovereignty and independence of Ukraine . " She called the weekend vote "  illegal " and "  a clear breach of the Ukrainian Constitution , " and she urged Russia not to follow up by annexing the territory . "  We want to underline very clearly that there is still time to avoid a negative spiral and to reverse current developments , " she said . More measures are expected to follow in a few days , when EU leaders meet for a summit in Brussels , Lithuanian Foreign Affairs Minister Linas Linkevicius wrote in a message on Twitter . Diplomatically , Sunday 's referendum has put the United States and Russia on the kind of collision course not seen since the Cold War . Economically , it 's unclear how much such a coupling will cost Russia . "  These are pinpricks , " Russian journalist and CNN analyst Vladimir Pozner said of Monday 's sanctions . Some officials wo n't be able to travel to the United States , but they "  probably wo n't lose a lot of sleep over it , " he told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper . " But Sen. Chris Murphy , D-Connecticut , said the sanctions will show Putin that if Russia annexes Crimea , "  This is just the beginning of sanctions , not the end . " Crimea is home to 2 million people , most of them ethnic Russian . Moscow strongly backed Sunday 's referendum , which the region 's leaders declared won with an overwhelming 96.7 % vote in favor of leaving Ukraine . Russian lawmakers have said they will welcome Crimea with open arms , but members of the ethnic Ukrainian and Muslim Tatar minorities had said they would boycott the vote . Yatsenyuk said Moscow appeared ready to attempt a similar play in other Russian-speaking areas of Ukraine , starting with demonstrations by what he called "  political tourists " with foreign passports . "  Look  at  the last rallies that happened in Donetsk and in Kharkiv and in Lugansk , " he said . "  They gathered from 500 people up to 4,000 people . But they expected to have 50,000 people . So we talked to the people . We tried to address this issue in the right manner , trying to convince Ukrainians that the biggest asset we have is our country . " Earlier , Yatsenyuk threatened dire consequences for the Crimean politicians who had called the vote , threatening to try them in Ukrainian and international courts . Andrii Parubii , the secretary of the Ukrainian parliament 's National Security and Defense Council , told lawmakers the protesters included "  elite special units that are trying to arrive to Ukraine with weapons , and that are trying to implement a joint plan of the same scenario that was conducted in Crimea . " Defense Minister Ihor Tenyukh reported Sunday that Ukrainian troops and equipment are being moved to the east and south after a weekend Russian incursion into the town of Strilkove , northeast of Crimea . About 60 Russian troops took part in the operation , which the Russians said was needed to prevent a possible terrorist attack on oil assets , according to Ukrainian border guards . The area supplies electricity , fresh water and natural gas to the Crimean Peninsula . MAP : Why the EU and U.S. are out of step on Russia sanctions Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor . CNN 's Susannah Palk , Stephanie Halasz and Yon Pomrenze contributed to this report .	"  We offer peace , and Russia offers war , " Ukraine 's prime minister tells CNN EU sanctions 21 Russians ; U.S. announces sanctions on 11 Putin recognizes breakaway Crimean republic U.S. sanctions "  a great honor , " Putin adviser says
On the campaign trail , Otto Perez Molina vowed to rule his country with an iron fist . The retired general said he would send troops into the streets to fight drug violence . Analysts summed up his political platform with three words : law and order . Now -- just two months after taking office -- the 61-year-old Guatemalan president is pushing a controversial proposal that has come under fire from U.S. officials and earned praise from people who were once his critics . During a routine speech last month , Perez Molina slipped in a surprise announcement . Last year 's law-and-order candidate said he wanted to legalize drugs . "  What I have done is put the issue back on the table , " Perez Molina told CNN en Español . "  I think it is important for us to have other alternatives . ... We have to talk about decriminalization of the production , the transit and , of course , the consumption . " The proposal caught many Guatemalans off guard . "  Everyone was expecting him to copy the strategy of  Mexican President  Felipe Calderon and involve the military in fighting cartels , " said Martin Rodriguez Pellecer , director of Plaza Publica , an investigative journalism and analysis website in Guatemala . "  Then he made this surprise announcement ... without even his foreign minister knowing about it . " The president 's unexpected pitch grabbed global headlines -- and the attention of international leaders . Central American presidents are scheduled to debate the idea in Guatemala on Saturday . The meeting could pave the way for a significant policy shift in a region where brutal drug violence is a daily reality . ` Too high a human cost ' The attackers left a warning written in blood on a white wall at a northern Guatemala farm : "  I will find you and I will leave you like this . " Nearby , investigators found the bodies of 27 dismembered and decapitated workers . Authorities said members of the Zetas drug gang were behind the massacre last May in the province of Peten . Officials and analysts pointed to the slayings as more evidence of a devastating spike in drug-related violence across the region . At a conference on regional security last year , Guatemala 's then-president , Alvaro Colom , said his country was reaching the limit of its ability to fight cartels . "  Eight killed per ton  of cocaine  passing through Guatemala is a lot of blood . If you pass through Honduras , there are 20 murders , and if we add it up , a ton of cocaine has too high a human cost , " he said . Guatemala 's murder rate is 42 per 100,000 people -- one of the highest in the world , according to a United Nations report . "  The immense economic power of drug trafficking has corrupted all the spheres of the state . The violence is incredibly high , " said Mario David Garcia , a well-known Guatemalan lawyer and radio show host . Perez Molina is n't the first leader to propose that legalizing drugs may help stem the bloodshed . In a 2009 report , three former Latin American presidents -- Brazil 's Fernando Henrique Cardoso , Colombia 's Cesar Gaviria , and Mexico 's Ernesto Zedillo -- called for decriminalizing cannabis for personal use . Former Mexican President Vicente Fox also has said he supports legalizing marijuana use . But analysts say sitting presidents rarely make such proposals , fearing political consequences . "  This has been an academic debate and it has also been a scientific debate , an issue that has been studied . And bringing it back into political debate , I think , is important , " Perez Molina told CNN en Español last month . A political strategy ? U.S. officials responded swiftly to Perez Molina 's proposal . "  The United States continues to oppose such measures because evidence shows that our shared drug problem is a major public health and safety threat , " the U.S. Embassy in Guatemala said in a statement a day after Perez Molina first floated his proposal . The embassy urged Guatemala and other countries in the region to continue fighting drug traffickers . "  With increased cultivation and consumption of decriminalized drugs , crime in Central America could well increase as the drug cartels shift their focus to other forms of illicit activities , " the statement warned . Weeks later , on a trip to Mexico and Honduras , U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said he was open to debating the issue . But he stressed that the United States would not waver from its policy against drug legalization . "  If  Perez Molina 's  strategy is a political strategy designed to get Washington 's attention , then it worked , " said Samuel Logan , managing director of Southern Pulse , an online information network focused on Latin America . Some skeptics have suggested Perez Molina may be bluffing -- using the legalization debate to pressure U.S. officials into bringing back military aid to Guatemala . Such aid has been cut off for decades due to human rights abuses committed during the Central American nation 's civil war . Guatemalan Defense Minister Ulises Noe Anzueto told CNN en Español Thursday that he was meeting with officials in Washington to discuss lifting the military aid embargo . "  It 's a question of a political decision , " he said . "  At any moment this restriction could be lifted and help us become more efficient partners in meeting our responsibility to help with security for the region and therefore the continent . " John Walters , who directed the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy from 2001 to 2009 , said decriminalization is "  utterly self-defeating " and would cause more crime . He described Perez Molina 's proposal as "  a call for help and a call for U.S. leadership . " "  They 're telling us , ` We think we have to give up , because we do n't think we can win , " Walters said . Details unclear as debate nears Supporters of Perez Molina say Latin American nations should create new drug policies that do n't follow in U.S. footsteps . The United States has not done enough to stop the demand for drugs , they argue , and many in Latin America are suffering the consequences . "  All we 're doing is , in effect , fighting a U.S. battle outside of U.S. borders , " said Ambassador Andres Rozental , a former deputy foreign minister of Mexico who advocates drug legalization . Creating a regulated market and opting for a less militaristic approach should decrease violence , he said . "  The fundamental problem of the violence ... is directly related to this so-called war on the cartels and this war on drug trafficking and the effort by the criminals to show that they have more money , more weapons , more people , " Rozental said . But could drug legalization efforts in the region work without U.S. backing ? "  Even if the United States is not willing at this point to go along , there is space for Latin American countries to take certain steps , " said Martin Jelsma , a political scientist who specializes in Latin America and international drugs policy at the Transnational Institute . "  Of course , politically , that will be one of the questions . How much pressure will the United States put on Latin America to prevent this ? " Details about the ideas Central American leaders will debate Saturday have not been released to the public . Perez Molina plans to present a range of proposals at the meeting , Guatemala 's foreign minster said . Drug legalization is also expected to come up before a wider audience of regional leaders at next month 's Summit of the Americas in Cartagena , Colombia . Rodriguez , the director of Plaza Publica , said Saturday 's meeting will be a promising start to the debate , even if it takes years to hash out the details . "  It would n't surprise me if in the next decade there would be a Latin American agreement to legalize drugs , " he said . But some analysts were more doubtful that other countries in the region would follow Perez Molina 's lead . "  Publicly , I would be very surprised if they stand behind this , " said Logan , of Southern Pulse . Jelsma said he hoped the leaders would weigh other drug policy changes , in addition to legalization . "  I fear that this debate could lead into deadlock , " he said . "  From the current situation , to jump to legalization as an answer to all these problems that are getting worse , I think it 's a recipe for a debate that will get stuck pretty soon . "	Former military general Perez Molina surprised many when he proposed decriminalizing drugs Central American presidents will debate the Guatemalan leader 's proposal this weekend U.S. officials respond swiftly , saying they do not support drug legalization Some skeptics say the Guatemalan president is bluffing to get money from the U.S.
Washington  CNN  -- As President Barack Obama decides whether to strike ISIS inside Syria , he has political considerations as well . U.S. lawmakers are watching critically as Obama weighs options on how to deal with the threat from ISIS , the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . Many have argued the surge of ISIS is the direct result of lack of strategic action to date from Obama , while others are questioning how broadly Obama 's executive authority extends when it comes to taking militarily action . Rep. Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , tells CNN that unless the United States or its citizens face an imminent threat from ISIS , Obama must seek approval from Congress before extended airstrikes against ISIS inside Syria . "  I do think the president should come to Congress if he intends to embark on airstrikes in Syria for the purpose of trying to defeat ISIL , " Schiff said Saturday . "  If we 're talking about the same kind of more general airstrikes we 're undertaking in Iraq , that 's something that would broaden the mission significantly . And , frankly , I think the case has n't been made for that yet . " Rep. Ed Royce , chairman of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs and a Republican from California , told CNN that he 'd support the use of armed drones on ISIS in Syria . "  I think strikes at this point , against the Syrian ISIS , which has bled into Iraq , those steps should be taken , " Royce said . "  Had they been taken some time ago , I think ISIS would not have as much influence on the ground as it has now . " U.N. : ` Unspeakable ' suffering in Iraqi town besieged by ISIS fighters Royce said he would not , however , support putting U.S. troops on the ground . "  There is no support in the United States on either side of the aisle for introducing ground troops there , " Royce said . "  The question is : do we support the Kurds ? Do we support the Free Syrian Army in their effort to turn back ISIS ? And in doing that , we need to give them the heavy equipment such as anti-tank missiles that desperately they need . " "  The most important aspect of this is that this needs to be a dialogue between Congress and the administration in terms of having a strategic plan forward in supporting the Kurdish forces on the ground , " said Royce . "  That 's the infantry that is right now advancing against ISIS , and they need the support . " Perry piles on President Republican Gov. Rick Perry of Texas tied the ISIS threat into a broader critique of six years of the Obama doctrine . "  When we think about where we are in the international scene , we think about the lack of leadership , " Perry said . "  When we see what 's happened in Libya , Egypt , Israel , Syria , Ukraine and now back in Iraq that we were told three years ago was secure and al Qaeda was on the run and we see the enemy that we are having to deal with . " Perry , who is considering a bid for the Republican nomination in 2016 , made the remarks at a rally for New Hampshire Republican activists . The United States on Saturay carried out another airstrike in near the strategically important Mosul Dam in Iraq , according to the Defense Department . It 's the 62nd such strike in support of Kurdish forces fighting for control of the dam and the 94th of the campaign against ISIS , which began August 8 and has included daily strikes . U.S. intelligence agencies are gathering information on the locations of ISIS leadership and troops in Syria , two U.S. officials have told CNN . Separately , U.S. officials said the military has been talking about increasing airstrikes in Iraq and possibly carrying out tailored airstrikes inside Syria against ISIS targets . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Joint Chiefs Chairman Martin Dempsey signaled the United States was gearing up for a significant change both in rhetoric and action regarding ISIS in Syria . "  Can -LSB- ISIS -RSB- be defeated without addressing that part of their organization which resides in Syria ? The answer is no , " Dempsey told reporters Thursday . "  That will have to be addressed on both sides of what is essentially at this point a nonexistent border . And that will come when we have a coalition in the region that takes on the task of defeating ISIS over time . " Peter Bergen , a CNN national security analyst who has researched terror groups for decades , said it will be difficult to defeat ISIS without ground forces . ` What does day two look like ? ' But American 's gloomy feelings of war fatigue will make consensus building for action in Syria a difficult sell . "  President Obama has been very reluctant to get involved in Syria because what does day two look like ? " Bergen said . "  Two of the most effective fighting forces in Syria are al Qaeda or al Qaeda splinter groups , or groups like Hezbollah , backed by Iran . So if you intervene , you may be helping Iran and Hezbollah and -LSB- Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's -RSB- regime . " Royce told CNN , however , that there are groups in Syria with which the United States can align . "  We should be arming the Free Syrian Army , " Royce said . "  It was the opposition to Assad . It was clear that ISIS in a vacuum would move into that position . That 's what we have seen happen . " Adding another layer to the political and security calculus for the White House , intervention in Syria is more complicated than the ongoing airstrikes in Iraq due to international law , Bergen said . "  You could imagine some combination of U.S. Special Forces in small numbers , drone strikes , and airstrikes in Syria just as has been taking place in Iraq . But it 's a pretty big bridge to cross , " Bergen said . "  The Iraq government is inviting us to do these strikes in Iraq . The Syrian government certainly would n't be inviting us to intervene militarily in Syria . So there 's a good question of international law , which after all the administration and the United States has good reasons to uphold . "	Administration considers hitting ISIS targets in Syria But there are political , international law questions And intervention could have other effects
CNN  -- A federal court has ruled in favor of Texas , which wants to ban state funding for Planned Parenthood affiliates participating in a health program for low-income women because the family planning network performs abortions . The ruling vacated a lower court 's preliminary injunction and opened the way for Texas to sever money to clinics affiliated with Planned Parenthood , the nation 's largest abortion provider , which has come under recent attack from anti-abortion politicians . Texas Gov. Rick Perry praised the decision issued late Tuesday by the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals . "  Today 's ruling affirms that Texas ' Women 's Health Program has no obligation to fund organizations that promote abortion -- including Planned Parenthood , " Perry said . "  The 5th Circuit 's decision is a win for Texas women , our rule of law and our state 's priority to protect life . " Who calls the shots on abortion laws ? The Texas Women 's Health Program provides about 130,000 low-income women with family planning exams , related health screenings and contraception . Texas opposed government funding for Planned Parenthood clinics because the organization provides abortions and has been in a long-running battle with the federal government . The state said in March that it was willing to give up funding from Washington and run the Women 's Health Program itself . It then adopted a rule that required clinics funded by the program to certify they do not perform abortions or are not affiliates of entities that perform abortions . In a letter to Texas officials in March , Medicaid Director Cindy Mann said the state 's decision was regrettable . It would , she said , "  prevent women enrolled in the program from receiving services from the trusted health care providers they have chosen and relied on for their care . " Planned Parenthood sued Texas , winning an injunction against the law by arguing that abortion is constitutional and Texas ' efforts would block women 's access to preventive health care . President Barack Obama denounced the state 's efforts during a July campaign stop in Austin . "  We 're not ending funding for Planned Parenthood , " he said . "  I think women should have control of their own health care choices , just like men . We 're not going backwards . " Perry lashed out at Obama on Tuesday . "  Texas will continue providing important health services for women through this program in spite of the Obama administration 's disregard for our state law and unilateral decision to defund this program , " he said . Planned Parenthood has 77 independent local affiliates that operate nearly 800 health centers throughout the United States . In Texas , Planned Parenthood has been the Women 's Health Program 's largest provider , serving about 40 % of patients . Mississippi 's end run around abortion The program does not pay for abortions , and participating Planned Parenthood clinics in Texas do not perform the procedure . But Texas lawmakers object to Planned Parenthood because the organization is the nation 's leading provider of abortions and is a vocal advocate for abortion rights , Gov. Rick Perry and Republicans in the Legislature have worked to cut off its state money . Planned Parenthood says 3 % of all its health services are abortion services . But under the Texas program , neither the agency nor its affiliates perform the procedure . The court 's decision Tuesday serves as a setback for Planned Parenthood and abortion providers , under attack from conservatives across the nation who say government dollars should never support abortions . In 2011 , 21 states passed laws that restricted a woman 's access to an abortion , according to the American Civil Liberties Union . Nine states have imposed restrictions on family planning funding , according to the Guttmacher Institute , an advocacy group for abortion rights which has argued a trend of anti-abortion hostility is running through state legislatures . Last year , Texas enacted a law that tried to require a woman seeking an abortion to hear the description of an ultrasound of the fetus , even if she objects . The law has been challenged in court . Texas also slashed funding for family planning clinics . Perry praised Tuesday 's court ruling as "  a win for Texas women , our rule of law and our state 's priority to protect life . " Indiana abortion law ruled illegal	Texas opposes government funding for abortion providers It required clinics in the Women 's Health program to certify they do not perform abortions Texas Gov. Rick Perry praised the court decision
CNN  -- It is 20 years since Poland 's Solidarity movement defeated the Communist Party in an historic election that prompted the fall of communism across central and eastern Europe . Solidarity leader Lech Walesa takes the oath in front of Poland 's National Assembly on December 22 , 1990 . CNN International marks this significant anniversary with "  The New Poland , " a week of programming examining the transformation of Poland from 1989 to where it sits today on the world stage . The combination of daily live programming and special reports from CNN correspondents in cities across Poland culminates June 4 with "  Autumn of Change , an in-depth documentary that takes a retrospective look at the events leading up to the election exactly 20 years ago . Reflecting the tumultuous year of 1989 , which changed Europe forever , "  Autumn of Change " will mix live programming and documentary programming , unforgettable historical images with interviews past and present , and a huge online audience initiative through Poland , Hungary , Germany , the former Czechoslovakia , Bulgaria and Romania , in a comprehensive narrative of events that have helped to shape the Europe of today . "  CNN 's combination of historic footage , comprehensive reporting and access to Poland 's key figures puts us in an unparalleled position to set the scene for how Poland was the catalyst for the Europe of today , " said Mike McCarthy , vice president of coverage and feature programming for CNN International . "  In step with the anniversaries of the events themselves , CNN will invite viewers to take part in our ambitious account of how Europe has changed over the last 20 years and what the future may hold . " About the programming : Just eight months after reporting from Poland for the week-long "  Eye on Poland " special , Fionnuala Sweeney returns to the country to anchor the network 's live coverage for "  The New Poland . " She will report on the various commemoration and celebration ceremonies throughout the week from cities across Poland including Warsaw , Krakow and Gdansk . In addition to Sweeney 's live reports , CNN correspondent Frederik Pleitgen will take viewers inside the Poland of today looking at the political , cultural , social and economic changes that have taken place in the past 20 years . The programs include : -- Gdansk Today : CNN explores the city of Gdansk , the birthplace of the Solidarity movement . We visit the main shipyard and spend the day with a foreman who has been working there for more than 30 years . He talks about the transformation since Solidarity was born and the challenges the shipyards face three decades on . Finally , CNN heads out to sea with a polish yacht maker and finds out how they are dealing with the economic crisis . -- Catholicism in Poland : CNN looks at the Catholic Church in Poland and the challenges it faces . We visit Religia TV , a new project that aims to attract Catholics as well as viewers from other religions . -- Business in Poland : Solidarity transformed Poland from a communist state into a capitalist economy eventually capable of becoming a democratic member of the EU . During the last 20 years , its economy developed at a thriving pace , but even today there are remnants of the old system . CNN speaks to a family-run business on the local economy . We also visit Poland 's biggest copper mining and refining company . We find out how the global market place is impacting the global economy and Polish business . -- Polish Cuisine : CNN speaks to Krakow 's top celebrity chef and historian Robert Maklowicz about Polish cuisine and the recent trend to return to its roots . -- Poland 's Film School : CNN visits Poland 's largest film production Centrex , the National Film , Television and Theatre School in Lodz , and finds out what makes this school so unique . About the documentary : By combining narratives from key players within the Solidarity movement , the Communist leadership , CNN reporters who covered the events and Polish civilians who lived through it all , Autumn of Change charts the individuals , relationships and astonishing chain of events that shook eastern Europe to its foundations . About the online coverage : CNN 's television coverage will be complemented by a full interactive companion site . This special site will feature a number of pieces that reflect the cultural influence of this movement as well as narratives from some of the major figures involved in the process . Via iReport.com , CNN will also encourage viewers and users from Poland and elsewhere to submit content -- photos , videos and comments -- to illustrate personal experiences . Whether a part of this revolutionary period or not , CNN wants to know how these pivotal events affected them .	20 years since Poland 's Solidarity movement defeated the Communist Party The New Poland is a week of programming examining the transformation of Poland Culminates in Autumn of Change , a look at the events that led to the election Fionnuala Sweeney will anchor CNN 's live coverage from Poland
CNN  -- Fourteen thoroughbred horses dropped dead in a mysterious scene Sunday before a polo match near West Palm Beach , Florida , officials said . Teams are trying to figure out what happened at the International Polo Club Palm Beach in Florida . State and local veterinary teams are trying to figure out what happened at the International Polo Club Palm Beach in Wellington , Florida , as team Lechuza Caracas prepared to compete in a U.S. Open match . Two horses initially collapsed , and as vets and team officials scrambled to revive them , five others became dizzy , said Tim O'Connor , spokesman for the polo club . "  A total of seven died on our property , " O'Connor told CNN . Seven other horses died en route to a Wellington horse farm and a veterinary hospital . The cause of the deaths has not been determined , and necropsies and blood tests were underway , he said . O'Connor said each team brings between 40 to 60 horses for matches , and they are continuously switched out throughout a match to keep the horses from overexerting themselves . A meeting will be held to determine whether Lechuza Caracas will compete at a later date , he said . "  Everybody is kind of in shock and trying to figure out what happened , " he said . "  Nobody can recall an incident in which this many horses have died at once . " CNN 's Samira Simone contributed to this report .	14 thoroughbred horses drop dead unexpectedly before a polo match Match set at the International Polo Club Palm Beach in Wellington , Florida Cause of deaths not determined ; necropsies and blood tests are underway Polo club spokesman : "  Everybody is kind of in shock "
The age of sailing ships may be over , but the romance and adventure they inspired still blows our hair back . This summer , majestic , one-of-a-kind tall ships may be coming to a city near you with their sails unfurled . In the Great Lakes , captains will repeat a waterborne war that has n't been seen in 200 years . In Miami , a spectacular Spanish vessel will join a 500th birthday celebration . And the West Coast 's largest tall ship festival promises a party for 200,000 visitors . First , let 's take a moment to appreciate the tall ships . These boats are run by fearless sailors who sprint hand over hand up masts that stretch 100 feet into the air . While the ship rolls and pitches with the wind and waves , the crew members work in unison to unfurl massive sails measuring 45 feet wide . In a stiff wind , these sails can pull a 400-ton ship across the water at 20 mph . Tall ships ruled the ocean for centuries and changed the world from flat to round . Sadly , they also fueled the slave trade , while helping a new nation stretch from the Atlantic to the Pacific . Today , replicas and other traditionally rigged sailing vessels reflect some of the deepest-seated aspects of American culture : independence , mobility and team work . They remind us that because wind power was a renewable resource , hundreds of years ago , it opened the door to global travel for the first time in human history . Here are five events guaranteed to be a sailor 's delight this summer : 1 . Tall Ships Challenge , Great Lakes region This is the captain of American sailing events . From June through September , more than a dozen vessels from around the world will show off in spectacular fashion in Chicago ; Cleveland ; Green Bay , Wisconsin ; Duluth , Minnesota ; Toronto ; Erie , Pennsylvania ; and elsewhere . Without a doubt the highlight will be the bicentennial re-enactment of 1813 's Battle of Lake Erie on Labor Day weekend . Never before has there been a better American opportunity to get your "  Master and Commander " on . For the first time in 200 years , 17 tall ships will line up against each other and fire black gunpowder cannons to recreate the fight against the British that allowed the United States to secure its current border with Canada . Stars of this massive choreographed water dance include the stunning 210-foot , 86-year-old training vessel Sorlandet -- which will sail all the way from its home in Norway . Track the ship Also look for the Pride of Baltimore II , a 100-foot replica of a 19th-century privateer schooner . But the big daddy of this battle is the 110-foot U.S. Brig Niagara , which bills itself as the largest wooden square-rigger in the United States that still takes people sailing . When the shooting starts at noon September 2 , expect the sound of cannon fire to carry at least five miles to the nearby Put-in-Bay , Ohio , resort area . Tickets to board the warships range from $ 285 to $ 975 . Expect about 1,000 pleasure boaters to make the 40-mile trek from Cleveland or Toledo , Ohio , or Detroit to the battle site in the middle of Lake Erie . "  Let 's just say the west end of Lake Erie is going to be busy with a lot of traffic , " Niagara Capt. Wes Heerssen said . The budget for this once-in-a-lifetime event totals around $ 850,000 , which -- in addition to everything else -- will help pay for a fireworks display , concerts , food , entertainment , arts and crafts , the Ohio State University Marching Band and a live TV broadcast of the battle . 2 . Festival of Sail , San Diego They say it 's the West Coast 's largest tall ship festival . And in the California tradition , it 's got a movie star . The festival draws about 200,000 visitors to San Diego 's North Embarcadero area each Labor Day weekend -- many who come to see the tall ship HMS Surprise , star of 2003 's "  Master and Commander : The Far Side of the World " with Russell Crowe . The Surprise is a replica of a 24-gun British frigate . The fun starts on August 29 when the tall ships strut into the harbor and fire off their canons before docking . "  We 'll have two or three ships in a battle out here on San Diego Bay , and you can hear it from all over the place , " said Maritime Museum of San Diego 's Robyn Gallant . Also check out the parade , fun pirate culture and memorabilia . The Surprise shares the festival spotlight with another legendary tall ship : the Californian , a 145-foot replica of a cutter designed to catch smugglers during the 1840s Gold Rush . 3 . Viva Florida 500 , Miami It 's named the Juan Sebastian de Elcano , and what sets this tall ship apart is its immense size . It 's damned long : 370 feet . That 's longer than an American football field . Only two other tall ships in the world are larger . It 's tall , too . Its four masts stretch nearly 160 feet into the sky . That 's about as high as a 16-story building . This training vessel for navy midshipmen in Spain 's Naval Academy gets around . It has circumnavigated the globe 10 times since its first launch in 1927 . The Juan Sebastian de Elcano is named after the first commander to sail around the world in the 16th century .  De Elcano 's captain , Ferdinand Magellan , was killed in the Philippines and did n't complete the voyage . The ship will be in Miami to help Florida celebrate 500 years since Europeans discovered what 's now the Sunshine State . The vessel is scheduled to anchor at the Port of Miami from May 1-6 with special events at nearby Bicentennial Park . The ship is scheduled to stop at Port Canaveral , Florida , on May 8-10 . 4 . Toshiba Tall Ships Festival , Dana Point , California This festival kicks off on September 6 , with a parade of nine tall ships sailing from South Laguna to Dana Point Harbor , cannons blazing . The weekend continues with on board tours , concerts , pirate and marine science educational events . 5 . Tall ship Elissa , Texas Seaport Museum , Galveston They say she 's the real deal -- a piece of history . Back in 1877 craftsmen shipwrights in Aberdeen , Scotland , laid the iron hull for a three-masted sailing gem that would be christened Elissa . Now 136 years later , Elissa is a full-fledged Texan and is billed as one of the longest continuously sailed ships in the country , if not the world . At full speed , Elissa unfurls 19 sails . Like all full-rigged tall ships , Elissa has a multitude of rope lines that run the masts from top to bottom . "  I love the complexity of that system -- being able to , by hand , put together a sailing ship and keep it stable and safely sailing , " said ship 's bosun Mark Scibinico . The 205-foot ship recently underwent a major overhaul to repair plating to its hull , which suffered damage in 2008 from Hurricane Ike . Now it 's as good as new , Scibinico said . Elissa relies on volunteer crews to run its paces . Day sails are offered in the spring and fall . Here 's to a great summer , sailors -- may the wind be at your back and the skies red at night .	Summer packs a boatload of thrilling tall ship events Tall Ships Challenge spans the Great Lake states from June through September San Diego hosts West Coast 's largest tall ship festival with star of "  Master and Commander " Florida offers chance to see Spanish navy training tall ship Juan Sebastian de Elcano
Everyone was all smiles when Chinese First Lady Peng Liyuan -- sporting a black coat with a big red ribbon on its lapel -- took center stage at an AIDS event in Beijing last month , posing with young volunteers working with awareness groups around the nation . Peng , a famous folk singer who has been compared to Michelle Obama , is the glamorous public face of China 's fight against AIDS . But campaigners say the photo ops and lofty words offered by Peng and other public figures do little to improve the lot of the almost half a million people living with HIV or AIDS in China . In 2011 , the same year Peng was appointed as a U.N. goodwill ambassador for AIDS , Hao Yang tested positive for HIV , the virus that causes AIDS , when he was trying to donate blood as a young military officer . After the discovery , he says his army bosses ordered him home "  to rest . " "  I worked so hard to get where I was , " he recalled of his promising career in the People 's Liberation Army , which had sent him to a military academy for graduate studies . "  Then all of a sudden they just wanted me out because of my HIV status . " Although he still receives a monthly salary from the army , Hao Yang -- a pseudonym he uses to protect his identity -- feels his life is in limbo . He is no longer welcome in the military but ca n't be transferred to civilian work either . Former officers normally become civil servants -- a dead end for Hao as a physical examination that includes HIV screening is mandatory for government job applicants and HIV-positive candidates are disqualified . "  If the government itself still discriminates against us , how can it expect the rest of society not to ? " asked the 28-year old who now volunteers with a Beijing-based HIV/AIDS advocacy group . Inconsistency Some 430,000 people are living with HIV/AIDS in China , according to the latest count by the Joint United Nations Program on HIV/AIDS  UNAIDS  . Chinese laws and regulations prohibit discrimination against people with HIV , but activists cite myriad of real-life examples -- including the exclusion from public sector jobs -- as evidence of inconsistency in the official policy . Their most recent outcry was triggered by a Commerce Ministry proposal that would bar people with HIV from entering bathhouses , including those offering spa and massage services . Failure to comply would result in fines for the businesses . Announced in mid-October , the draft regulation appeared to be backed by the public . A poll of 10,000 people on a popular Twitter-like site showed more than 70 % of the respondents supported the ban . But it drew immediate fire from many experts and activists who blasted the ministry for lacking basic health knowledge as well as reinforcing public ignorance and prejudice on the issue . "  HIV transmission in a bathhouse or spa setting is not possible , and the use of such facilities by people living with HIV poses absolutely no risk from a public health perspective , " the China office of UNAIDS said in a statement . "  Addressing HIV-related stigma and discrimination is a critical component of a successful response to HIV . " Protests Liu Shi , an activist who is HIV-positive , became so incensed by the proposal that he staged a brief protest outside the ministry shortly after the announcement . Under the watchful eyes of police and soldiers , Liu -- donning a white bathrobe -- held up a sign that asked : "  Mr. Commerce Minister , can we go to your house to take a bath ? " "  Even people knowledgeable of HIV 's transmission still feel scared because of many half-truths reported by the media , " said the former sound mixer , 22 , still fuming over the proposal 's negative impact on his cause . "  This government proposal would only make things worse . " Amid the controversy , the Commerce Ministry pledged to consult experts and review the draft . For HIV carriers , though , the fight against discrimination remains an uphill battle . Liu and Hao both recounted their difficulty in accessing medical care as many public hospitals still turn away HIV-positive patients when they seek treatment for other illnesses . Some have tried to redress their grievances through the courts . In 2010 , a young man in Anhui Province sued the local educational authority after his application for a teacher 's position was rejected because of his HIV status . He lost the case . Last month , another HIV-positive man in Jiangsu Province sued local officials , when he was denied a government job despite scoring the highest among all applicants . The case is pending . Concerted effort In recent years , China 's top leaders have made a concerted effort in recognizing and addressing the country 's growing HIV/AIDS problem . Although the total number of cases seems low for a population of 1.3 billion , the government has acknowledged an alarming trend among young people . In 2012 , 1,700 Chinese students were found to be HIV-positive , a 25 % jump over the previous year and mostly attributable to same-sex contact , state news agency Xinhua reported . Last year , President Xi Jinping visited sufferers at a Beijing clinic and called them "  our brothers and sisters whose lives should be brightened with love from the whole society . " "  HIV/AIDS is n't terrible in itself , " Xi said at the time . "  What 's really dreadful is the ignorance on HIV/AIDS and the prejudice against AIDS patients . " Heartened by the president 's words , many activists nevertheless caution that the challenge is translating the leadership 's gesture into government actions . They agree that one top priority should be revamping the country 's inadequate sex education , which they blame for the sharp rise of HIV infections among young people as well as the continued public prejudice against sufferers . "  We have brought the topic of HIV/AIDS into schools but we only talk about the harm caused by the disease , " said Meng Lin , who tested positive for the virus some 20 years ago and now runs the China Alliance for People Living with HIV/AIDS . "  Students are taught that only gay or immoral people with multiple sexual partners get infected . Linking the disease to morality further stigmatizes it -- and that really is the problem . "	Laws prohibit discrimination against the 430,000 people living with HIV/AIDS in China But real-life experiences suggest inconsistency in official policy Hao Yang was kicked out of the army because of his HIV status Liu Shi campaigns against a proposed ban on people with HIV from entering bathhouses
CNN  -- Eugenie Bouchard fell at the semifinal hurdle in the first two grand slams of 2014 , but it was third time lucky for her at the All England Club . The Canadian made the last four at both the Australian and French Opens this year only to succumb to defeats , yet there was no such repeat at Wimbledon this time around . Bouchard saw off third-seed Simona Halep -- the highest seed left in the tournament -- 7-6 6-2 on Centre Court Thursday to reach her first-ever grand slam final . And the 20-year-old can now become the first Canadian female in history to win a major singles title if she can pull off a victory in Saturday 's showpiece . A highly-anticipated semifinal was at first as gripping as expected , with the 13th seed needing a tie-break to edge a neck-and-neck first set . The second , however , was all Bouchard 's , as the former Wimbledon junior champion outclassed her opponent -- who needed ankle treatment early in the match -- to book her place in the final . "  This is what I 've worked for , " she said after her comprehensive victory . "  But it 's not a surprise to me . I expect good results like this . It 's a step in the right direction . I get to play in the final . I still have another match so it 's not a full celebration yet . " Waiting for her is Petra Kvitova , who saw off Lucie Safarova 7-6 6-1 in the day 's earlier semifinal . The Czech has struggled to build on her first grand slam title since winning at the All England Club in 2011 , but is now one match away from repeating that success . Kvitova claimed the women 's singles championship at Wimbledon at the age of 21 , yet she has previously been unable to advance past the final four of a major in the years that have past . With compatriot Safarova coming into the match having yet to drop a set in the tournament , some fancied her to spring an upset and progress past her first-ever grand slam semifinal to reach Saturday 's showpiece match . However , sixth-seed Kvitova broke her opponent at first attempt , before going on to take a tight first set 7-6 , winning 8-6 in the tie-break . Seven games later and the 23rd seed had dropped her second set of the tournament , meaning the world number six had booked her place in her second Wimbledon final . Semifinal spots at the French and Australian Opens have had to tide Kvitova over since that 2011 success , but now only Bouchard stands in the way of her securing a second grand slam title . "  I know how it feels to hold the trophy . I really want to win my second title here and I will do everything I can , " Kvitova told Wimbledon 's official website . "  It was a tough match mentally because Lucie is a good friend of mine . I knew she would play her best tennis and she did . I 'm just happy I won definitely . "	Eugenie Bouchard beat Simona Halep 7-6 6-2 in Wimbledon women 's semifinal The 20-year-old Canadian will face 2011 champion Petra Kvitova in Saturday 's final Kvitova saw off Lucie Safarova 7-6 6-1 earlier in the day Men 's singles semifinals take place Friday
CNN  -- Officials in Muskingham County closed schools as sheriff 's deputies equipped with night vision attempted to hunt down dozens of exotic animals , including bears , lions , tigers , cheetahs , wolves , giraffes and camels , who are on the prowl in eastern Ohio following the death of the man at the farm where they lived . "  Deputies are currently patrolling the area in pickup trucks , armed with shotguns , " Sheriff Matt Lutz said in a statement . "  There are still thought to be several dangerous animals on the loose , creating a public safety threat . " Bears and wolves were spotted along I-70 . Area residents are being advised to stay inside until the dangerous animals are rounded up or killed . Terry Thompson , the owner of the land and animals , was found dead on the scene outside the home , according to Lutz , who did n't elaborate , Thompson was recently released from prison for an unknown crime . In 2005 , Thompson was sentenced to six months of house arrest and fined him $ 2,870 for a conviction on abuse of animals . Some 48 animals had been freed , authorities said , with about two dozen shot dead by deputies . The Columbus Zoo , The Wilds , a safari-themed park , and Ohio State Police have responded to the incident , according to state police .	NEW : Dozens of escaped aniamls are shot dead Ohio owner of exotic animals found dead Bears , lions , tigers , cheetahs and wolves escape Area residents warned to stay indoors
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actress Lindsay Lohan showed up three weeks early at a Los Angeles jail to begin serving her sentence for a theft charge , but it was determined that she would be allowed to serve her time in home confinement , Los Angeles County Sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said Thursday . Lohan was sentenced May 11 to 120 days in jail , but overcrowding at the facility and state rules could reduce the time she must be confined to her Venice , California , home to about two weeks , according to information previously provided by the sheriff 's office . Lohan , 24 , pleaded no contest to a misdemeanor theft charge stemming from a January incident in which she apparently left a Venice jewelry store wearing a gold and diamond necklace for which she had not paid . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Stephanie Sautner gave the actress until June 17 to begin the sentence , but Lohan reported to the jail early Thursday , Whitmore said . Once there , it was determined that she was eligible for home confinement instead of jail , he said . The actress was fitted with an electronic ankle bracelet to monitor her movements and ensure she stays at home , except as allowed by the court , he said . Early release formulas , required by a federal order to reduce jail overcrowding , will likely reduce the sentence to about 14 days , Whitmore said after the sentencing . "  Because of budget constraints and because we 're under a federal consent decree that requires us to curb our overcrowding situation , nonviolent offenders , lesser crimes , get 20 % of their sentence , " the spokesman explained . Sautner remarked that the discounts on the sentences "  seems to be like shopping at Costco . " As part of Lohan 's sentence , Sautner also ordered that the actress remain on supervised probation until she completes 480 hours of community service . But the judge rejected Deputy City Attorney Melanie Chavira 's request for substance abuse counseling for the actress . Sautner said drugs and alcohol are not the root of Lohan 's legal troubles , but "  she 's got other problems for which she self-medicates . " Lohan 's four years in and out of court -- and sometimes jail -- started with two drunken driving arrests in 2007 . Since then , she 's spent more than eight months in substance abuse rehabilitation programs . After her sentencing , the court released a probation report that said the actress "  appears to be continuing to struggle with substance abuse issues . " "  It would appear that the defendant 's criminal conduct is increasing in seriousness and severity , " the probation report said , yet it suggested she serve her sentence on probation and not in jail . Lohan tested positive for alcohol use , a violation of probation rules , in February , the report said . It also revealed that the drug test failure last August , which resulted in a jail sentence and court-ordered rehab , involved cocaine and amphetamines . Lohan was not at the May 11 hearing , but her lawyer entered a no-contest plea -- equivalent to a guilty plea -- to the misdemeanor theft charge on her behalf . "  I am glad to be able to put this past me and move on with my life and my career , " Lohan said in a written statement released by her lawyer . "  I support the judge 's decision and hold myself accountable for being in this situation . " CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	Lohan could have waited until June 17 to start her sentence She may only serve two weeks of a 120-day sentence The actress pleaded guilty to a necklace theft charge
CNN  -- Fresh violence rocked Egypt on Sunday when an explosion wounded four people near military intelligence offices in the Nile Delta , state-run Nile TV reported . No one has claimed responsibility for the attack . The chaos came a day after Egyptian student protesters who support the Muslim Brotherhood were accused of torching the cafeteria of a Cairo university , state media reported . The protesting students allegedly stormed the colleges of trade , engineering and science at Azhar University and set fire to its cafeteria , according to the official MENA news agency . Authorities arrested 60 students , the Ministry of the Interior told state-run Nile TV . The protesters were armed with Molotov cocktails and other weapons , the ministry said . One student was killed in the violence , the Muslim Brotherhood said in a statement . The Brotherhood said security forces , "  in an attempt to silence any voice of opposition , " fired tear gas , live bullets and birdshot at the protesting students . Students at the university have been on strike following the killings of students and professors by security forces , the Muslim Brotherhood said . The clash at the university was the latest in a string of incidents between security forces and backers of the Muslim Brotherhood . The Egyptian government last week declared the Brotherhood a terrorist organization . The government has threatened to arrest anyone who attends Muslim Brotherhood protests or provides financial support to the organization , an Islamist group which helped propel ousted President Mohamed Morsy to power . Morsy , the nation 's first democratically elected president , was forced out of office in July by the nation 's military and arrested following widespread protests and petitions calling for his removal . Opponents said he was a tyrant trying to impose conservative values . Supporters called his removal a coup and a blow to the democratic movement that toppled former Egyptian strongman Hosni Mubarak in 2011 . In clashes in Cairo on Friday , at least three people died and 265 were arrested . CNN 's Ian Lee contributed to this report .	Sunday 's explosion wounds four people , state-run media says On Saturday , officials said student protesters set fire to a cafeteria at a university Those protesters were backers of the Muslim Brotherhood One student protester was killed Saturday , according to the Muslim Brotherhood
CNN  -- Standing just feet from the gunman in Monday 's deadly Ohio school shooting , Danny Komertz has no doubt about what he saw . The Chardon High School freshman was walking with friends when they heard a loud pop . He looked up . "  I looked straight ahead and I saw a gun pointing at a group of four guys sitting a table ... He just fired two quick shots at them . I saw one student fall , and I saw the other hiding , trying to get cover underneath the table , " Komertz told CNN . "  He was aiming right at them as he was two feet away ... He was n't shooting around the cafeteria at all . He was directly aiming at the four of them , " he said . Komertz was lucky ; he was n't hit . Five others were when a young man allegedly opened fire on that table of students in the Chardon High School cafeteria , killing one and seriously injuring four . Police arrested the suspected shooter a short time later . They have identified him as a juvenile , and witnesses told CNN the gunman was T.J. Lane , a student . Komertz , 15 , said he heard some five shots -- the last two as he and his friends were running out the doors toward safety . "  I was very scared of what was going to happen so I did n't look at his face . I just looked at the gun and I ran , " he said . Another witness , Nate Mueller , had his ear grazed by one of the gunman 's bullets . He was sitting at a table next to the suspected shooter . "  All of a sudden we heard a loud bang , almost like a firework . We turned around and I saw T.J. standing at the table behind us with his gun pointed and firing , " said Mueller . "  His first shot made me look . His second shot I watched him take , which hit somebody behind me , and his third shot hit me as I was turning away . " Mueller described the gunman as stoic and silent . As he unloaded his weapon , his face was "  expressionless , " Mueller said . "  There was no warning or anything . He just opened fire . " Other students recalled being further away from the shooting , but no less scared . Josh Sophacak was walking outside the cafeteria when the first shot fired . "  It sounded like a firecracker ... I paused and everything went into slow motion from there . I guess I was in shock , " he said . Yet for all the misery caused by Monday 's shooting , witnesses have also described the makings of a hero . Assistant football coach and study hall teacher Frank Hall chased the gunman out of the school , they said . "  Coach Hall , he always talks about how much he cares about us students , his team and everyone . And I think today he really went out and he proved how much he cared about us . He would take a bullet for us , " said Neil Thomas , a student . Thomas was in Spanish class when the gunshots started . An administrator came over an intercom system to announce a lock down , he said , sending teachers and students scurrying to the corners of rooms for cover . Sophacak similarly hailed the coach as "  heroic . " Indeed , if not for Hall 's quick response and the readiness of the school , which drills students on what to do in emergencies , Monday 's death toll may have been much higher . "  As bad as it was already , I think it could have been a lot worse , " said Evan Erasmus , a Chardon senior .	Witnesses at Chardon High School describe feeling scared "  Everything went into slow motion ... I was in shock , " says one An assistant football coach is hailed as a hero A gunman opened fire in the school cafeteria , killing 1 and injuring 4
Mashable  -- Siri may have her critics , but Apple 's talkative virtual assistant is definitely useful for some functions , like checking the weather and texting . Nuance , which works with Apple on voice control , now plans to take Siri-like abilities to more apps . The product is called Nina , and it 'll let businesses build voice capabilities right into their apps -- iOS or Android -- via a software development kit  SDK  . Nuance says it 's the first voice assistant with an SDK  Siri still does n't have one  , and Nina obviously has access to all of Nuance 's data on the industries that use its tech : banks , airlines , hotels , retailers and more . Nina is aimed at the enterprise , essentially taking the automated call center functions you might encounter when calling an 800 number , and putting it into an app . Mashable.com : Here 's the most stunning photo of Mars the world has ever seen "  Nina takes natural-language understanding , and it provides a way for a developer to add that into an app , " says Robert Weideman , executive vice president of Nuance 's enterprise division . In a demo at Mashable 's offices , Nuance reps showed us a mock banking app equipped with Nina . Responding to commands like "  Pay my bill , " or even "  Pay the full balance on my Visa bill on August first , " Nina performed tasks that would probably take complex navigation in one step . Mashable.com : What does Siri know about the iPhone 5 ? Nina is dependent on Nuance 's Voice Assistant Cloud , so she wo n't work without a network connection . And as we discovered in the demo , her speed and ability to parse longer phrases depend on the quality of that connection . Using a Verizon 3G modem , Nina had trouble figuring out the longer bill-paying command above , but on Wi-Fi she executed it almost instantly . Nina also happens to sound almost exactly like Siri , though Nuance says businesses will be able to choose from 40 different voices , and even be able to customize it with their own voice "  persona , " if they have one . One of the major differences between Nina and Siri is voice biometrics , which means Nina can actually tell that it 's you talking , and not someone who just picked up your phone . This can act as both a security and convenience feature -- after all , passwords become redundant if the app can tell it 's the right person speaking just by voice . Mashable.com : Google ditches apps for Teams and 3 other products "  For the first time on a mobile device , our virtual assistant does n't just understand what you said and what you want , we can actually understand who said it , " says Weideman . Nuance is releasing the SDK for Nina today , and the company says the first crop of apps incorporating the service should arrive in the fall . What apps would you like to see Nina built into ? Share your ideas in the comments . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Nina , a voice-control product like Apple 's Siri , will be equipped for iOS and Android apps Unlike Siri , Nina will allow other companies to use voice-control capabilities Nina is aimed at app developers , service industries Nina needs a strong network connection to work correctly
CNN  -- Libya 's rebel leader says he does not have a problem with Moammar Gadhafi remaining in the country , once he resigns and as long as he remains under supervision , according to a television report . Mustafa Abdel Jalil contradicted earlier opposition statements that Gadhafi 's exit from the country was an absolute prerequisite to bring about the end of the months-long conflict . It signaled a possible willingness to negotiate with the Libyan leader to bring about an end to the fighting . In a Reuters Television report Sunday , Jalil made the comments while reacting to a proposal put forward by the African Union , which rebels have interpreted to mean Gadhafi should have no further role in the country 's leadership . Jalil told Reuters once Gadhafi resigns , "  At that point he can decide if he would stay in Libya or abroad . " "  If he desires to stay in Libya , we will be the ones to determine the place and there will be international supervision on all his movements and communications , " he said during an interview in the rebel stronghold of Benghazi . Jalil took the reins of the rebel movements after resigning from Gadhafi 's government in February over what he saw as excessive use of force against demonstrators calling for the leader 's resignation . Libyan government spokesman Musa Ibrahim has previously said the prospect of a peace deal would be welcomed , but not one that rested on Gadhafi 's departure . Libya 's Deputy Foreign Minister , Khaled Kaim , noted Monday that talks between government officials and rebel leaders are continuing on multiple levels , including daily phone conversations . He expressed optimism that the talks could have a positive outcome if NATO 's air campaign is halted . Kaim said Italian officials had granted travel visas to certain individuals to help facilitate the talks outside of Libya . But Maurizio Massari , a spokesman for the Italian foreign ministry , denied Kaim 's assertion . The fighting in Libya , meanwhile , was slated to take center stage Monday at a meeting between NATO nations and Russia . The meeting brought together countries who support the airstrikes targeting Gadhafi 's forces and one of the biggest critics of the bombing campaign . NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen was scheduled to meet with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev as part of the Russia-NATO Council meeting in Russia 's Black Sea resort town of Sochi , Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported , citing the Kremlin . "  The sole possibility of stabilizing the situation in Libya is an immediate cease-fire and the start of talks between the internal Libyan participants in the conflict with the support of , but not interference from , outside , " the Kremlin said , according to RIA Novosti . Russia has been a critic of the NATO bombing campaign that began in March after the U.N. Security Council approved a resolution for the use of force , with the exception of a ground invasion , to protect civilians . Russia , a member of the Security Council , abstained from the vote . "  Special responsibility in the search for a political-diplomatic solution to the crisis lies with regional organizations , above all the African Union , and the UN secretary general 's special envoy , " the Kremlin said , according to the news report . The meeting followed reports Sunday of fierce fighting in western Libya , where Gadhafi 's forces have been shelling the towns of Yefren and Kikla , east of the rebel stronghold of Zintan . The shelling began three days ago , according to Mazigh Buzakhar , who works for an opposition media group . Buzakhar said clashes in the western Nafusa mountains on Sunday killed two rebel fighters and wounded 11 . CNN can not independently confirm Buzakhar 's account . Conditions in the embattled towns in the Nafusa mountains are bleak , with no electricity and a shortage of water , Buzakhar said . Rebels have been battling Gadhafi 's forces for months in an attempt to bring about an end to the Libyan leader 's 42-year rule . The rebels received a financial boost Sunday when Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu pledged $ 200 million in support to the opposition . Davutoglu made the pledge during a meeting with Jalil in Benghazi , the foreign ministry said . The Foreign Ministry told CNN Monday that Turkey recognizes the opposition in Libya as legitimate representatives of the country , however , it does not mean the rebels are recognized as the sole representatives . Turkey has not cut off its diplomatic relations with Gadhafi 's government , the ministry said . Gadhafi has been under international pressure to step down , and the International Criminal Court at The Hague issued a warrant for his arrest as well as for the arrest of his son , Saif al-Islam Gadhafi and his brother-in-law Abdullah al-Sanussi . The warrants are "  for crimes against humanity , " including murder and persecution , "  allegedly committed across Libya " from February 15 through "  at least " February 28 , the court said in a statement . On Sunday , South African President Jacob Zuma traveled to Russia to discuss efforts to end the fighting in Libya , just days after he and other members of the African Union said they would not cooperate with the International Criminal Court 's arrest warrant for Moammar Gadhafi . Zuma and others were attending a meeting of the International Contact Group on Libya -- a group of NATO countries , Arab nations and other countries working to bring about an end to the months-long conflict . The African Union said its members will not cooperate with the ICC 's arrest warrant for Gadhafi , arguing that the measure jeopardizes efforts to negotiate a peace deal in the war-torn nation . The arrest warrant "  seriously complicates the efforts aimed at finding a negotiated political solution to the crisis in Libya , " said a statement summarizing the countries ' decision at a summit in Equatorial Guinea that ended Friday . Libya is not a signatory to the Rome Statute , which established the international court 's authority , and the court does not have the power to enter Libya and arrest the leaders . Gadhafi has made clear he would not recognize the court 's authority . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Yasmin Amer and Yesim Comert contributed to this report .	NEW : Libya 's deputy foreign minister says talks are continuing Report : Rebel leader says Moammar Gadhafi can stay , if he resigns Gadhafi would have to remain under supervision , rebel leader says New reports emerge of fighting in Libya 's western mountains
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Navy has charged six guards accused of assaulting detainees in May at Camp Bucca in Iraq , naval officials said Thursday . U.S. guards patrol at Camp Bucca in Iraq in May . The Army Criminal Investigation Division investigated alleged incidents that left two detainees with minor bruises . The division also investigated an incident in which eight prisoners were confined overnight to a housing cell that had been sprayed with a riot control agent , the Navy said . The six guards will face courts-martial . Seven other cases have been resolved through nonjudicial punishment , according to a statement from the commander of U.S. Naval Forces-Central Command . The courts-martial are expected to start within 30 days at Camp Bucca , which is in southern Iraq near the Kuwaiti border . The guards accused in the case are assigned to Navy Provisional Detainee Battalion 4 .	Navy guards accused of assaulting detainees at Camp Bucca Eight prisoners were confined to cell sprayed with riot control agent , Navy says Navy : Two detainees allegedly left with minor bruises
Nancy Pelosi says there are 14 million reasons why Chuck Schumer is wrong . In an intraparty feud about political strategy , the House minority leader called out the No. 3 Senate Democratic leader for saying on Friday that it was a mistake for Democrats to focus on passing health care reform in 2010 . "  After passing the stimulus , Democrats should have continued to propose middle class-oriented programs and built on the partial success of the stimulus , but unfortunately Democrats blew the opportunity the American people gave them , " Schumer said in a remarks focused on political messaging heading into 2016 at the National Press Club . New York 's Schumer added , "  We took their mandate and put all our focus on the wrong problem -- health care reform . " When asked whether she agreed with Schumer 's assessment , California 's Pelosi did n't mince words in a written statement provided to CNN . "  We come here to do a job , not keep a job . There are more than 14 million reasons why that 's wrong , " Pelosi said . The 14 million figure Pelosi cites references those Americans who now have health care coverage since the law was enacted . It adds together those who have signed up through health care exchanges , those allowed to say on their parent 's health care plans through age 26 and those getting coverage through the expansion of the Medicaid program . Pelosi 's office also maintained that the Affordable Care Act has had a positive economic effect in terms of bending the cost curve over the long term . They also took issue with the notion that the House , under Pelosi 's speakership , was n't focused on the economy after Obama was elected . An aide noted that the House passed a jobs bill the Democratic-led Senate did not take up , and the original version of the stimulus bill the House passed was larger than the final version the Senate approved . An aide to Schumer said the New York Democrat has hinted at this concern in the past . Schumer supported the Affordable Care Act , but from a political timing standpoint , he thought the party could have done other things before turning to health care . But in moving to stake out the party 's message going forward , Schumer put himself at odds with Pelosi , who was one of the fiercest champions of passing the legislation through the House in 2010 . The controversial bill passed without a single Republican vote , and the House GOP filed a lawsuit last week to challenge President Barack Obama 's authority to make changes to the law . Schumer on 2016 : ` Democrats must embrace government '	Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York has questioned Democrats ' timing in passing health reform Rep. Nancy Pelosi counters that Democrats also focused on the economy Pelosi to CNN : "  We come here to do a job , not keep a job "
CNN  -- World number one Rafael Nadal says 2010 has been a dream year so far , after the Spaniard recovered from a knee injury in 2009 to reclaim his French Open and Wimbledon crowns , and the world number one ranking . "  It 's just amazing for me you know , more than dream because I was 11 months without winning a tournament , so that was n't an easy time for me , " he told CNN 's Open Court . The 24-year-old said he was so happy with his success as he was not sure if he would ever return to the top of tennis after his knee problems forced him out of the sport last year . After being knocked out in the fourth round of the 2009 French Open by Sweden 's Robin Soderling , preventing him from winning a fifth consecutive title in Paris , Nadal 's ongoing knee problem also stopped him from competing and defending his title at Wimbledon . Home hopes distant ahead of U.S. Open "  It was a hard month after that retirement from Wimbledon . It was probably one of the hardest months of my career , " he said . "  I worked very hard to build my level but I have doubts and at moments I did n't know if I 'm going to be another time at my best . " Nadal 's injury worries also coincided with problems off the court , as he struggled to come to terms with his parents ' divorce . However , he refuses to blame any of his losses on his family situation . "  It was n't an easy moment for me , but it happened very often these moments for everybody so just accept that and accept the change . "  I always suffer for my mum , for my dad , for my sisters , so that makes me think more than things on tennis but it 's not for that reason I lost the matches . " In fact , Nadal , who is coached by his uncle Toni and still lives on his home island of Majorca surrounded by relatives , credits his close-knit family for his happiness and for keeping him grounded . "  The family is very important . They make me feel good always because if I won , when I started to be famous the relationship never changed with my friends and family , " the eight-time grand slam champion said . "  I am very lucky because when I come back home I have a completely normal life . I can relax , playing golf , fishing -- doing what I want . I know when I finish a tournament , I am going to relax at home . " But even though he is happiest at home with his family , Nadal admits that he copes with the attention he receives being the world 's best tennis player much better now than he did at the start of his career . "  I was shy when I was a kid , I was very shy , but now I think I 've improved a lot . "  I can speak ok with the media and with the people . My English is still bad but I feel a little bit better now than before . "	Rafael Nadal speaks exclusively to CNN 's Open Court World number says 2010 has been a dream so far Spaniard says he was n't sure if he would ever get back to top of game after knee injury Nadal credits his family for giving him a normal life
Joint Base Lewis-McChord , Washington  CNN  -- It was the middle of the night in southern Afghanistan 's Panjwai district when Haji Naim says he was awakened by the sound of barking dogs and gunshots . Moments later , a man clothed in U.S. military fatigues and a T-shirt burst through the door of Naim 's home and opened fire , hitting him in the neck , Naim testified early Saturday at a hearing for an Army soldier accused in a mass killing of Afghan civilians . "  I said ` What are you doing ? What are you doing ? ' Naim told the court at Joint Base Lewis-McChord , near Tacoma , Washington , during a live satellite uplink from a base in Kandahar , Afghanistan . "  He did n't say anything ... He just started shooting . " Afghan anger kept U.S. agents from killing scene Naim and his two sons were among the survivors of the March 11 , 2012 , rampage that military prosecutors allege was carried out by Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales . Naim 's testimony came amid the fifth day of an evidentiary hearing to determine whether there is enough evidence to support the military 's case against Bales , who faces 16 counts of premeditated murder and six counts of attempted murder in the predawn attack . The outcome of the Article 32 hearing will determine whether Bales , 39 , is court-martialed , and whether he will face the death penalty . Bales has not entered a plea in the case , though his attorneys have said Bales suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder and suffered a traumatic brain injury during a prior deployment to Iraq . Naim 's son , 13-year-old Sadiquallah , testified he was awakened by a neighbor screaming that an American was killing people . The teen said he ran to a storeroom , hiding behind the curtain that covered the entrance way . Still , he said , he suffered a wound when he was grazed in the head by a bullet . "  I saw him once , " Sadiquallah said of the shooter . That was when he entered the compound and "  shot up the family . " Sadiquallah 's older brother testified the man was wearing military camouflage pants and a T-shirt , and was carrying a rifle with a flashlight . Stunned friends recall good deeds of suspect Neither Naim nor his sons identified Bales as the shooter . During testimony late Friday , a relative of some of the victims testified about the discovery of the bodies . Khamal Wazir told the court he found his cousin 's mother on the floor , her body beside the door of the family compound . "  She was shot in the head , " he said . Inside , he found the bodies of other relatives -- each apparently shot in the head -- piled on top of each other and partially burned . The fire was out when he arrived , though smoke lingered in the house . "  Yes , the bodies were burned , " he told the court . Two Afghan guards at Camp Belambay , a small U.S. outpost near the two villages , laid out a possible timetable for the attacks . One guard told the court he encountered a man who was walking onto the base about 1:30 a.m. and told him to stop . He said the man approached and said , ` How are you ? " in Pashtun and went inside the base . Another guard said he saw an American man leaving the base around 2:30 a.m. . The man also greeted him in Pashtun , asking "  How are you ? " Neither guard was able to identify Bales as the shooter . Afghan villagers describe slaying 's horror CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Survivors of a shooting rampage in Afghanistan testify before a military court A father and his two sons describe how they survived A relative of some of the victims tells the court he discovered some of the bodies burned Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales is accused of killing 16 Afghan villagers
CNN  -- A U.S. Navy submarine and a Navy amphibious ship that collided Friday in the Strait of Hormuz south of Iran have arrived in Bahrain to be assessed for damage , the Navy said . The submarine USS Hartford and amphibious ship USS New Orleans are shown in Navy photos . The submarine USS Hartford and amphibious ship USS New Orleans arrived Saturday in Mina Salman pier to "  to further assess and evaluate the damage that resulted from their collision at sea , " the service said in a written statement . Fifteen sailors were slightly hurt aboard the Hartford in the collision , which occurred early Friday morning . On Friday , Navy officials in Washington told CNN that there was significant damage to the sail , or tower-like structure on the topside of the submarine . On Saturday , the Navy said there was no damage to the submarine 's propulsion unit . No injuries were reported aboard the New Orleans . The ship 's fuel tank ruptured , spilling 25,000 gallons of marine diesel fuel in the Strait of Hormuz , the U.S. Navy said in the Saturday statement . "  Aerial searches of the area where the fuel spill occurred were conducted yesterday , and revealed no indication of any remaining fuel on the ocean 's surface , " the Navy said . "  The quick dissipation of the fuel is likely due to the type of fuel , and various environmental factors to include air and water temperatures , winds and seas . " When the collision occurred , both vessels were headed to ports in the Persian Gulf to stock up on provisions and allow for some recreation , Navy spokesman Lt. Nate Christensen said Friday . Christensen said there were about 200 sailors in the sub and 1,000 sailors and Marines aboard the ship . The Strait of Hormuz is located between the United Arab Emirates and Iran , linking the Gulf of Oman and the Persian Gulf . It is heavily used by oil tankers . Both vessels are on regularly scheduled deployments to the U.S. Navy Central Command area of responsibility , and conduct Maritime Security Operations .	Vessels in Bahrain "  to further assess and evaluate the damage , " says Navy USS Hartford , USS New Orleans collided near Arabian Peninsula 15 sailors on Hartford slightly injured Fuel tank on New Orleans ruptured , spilling 25,000 gallons of fuel
CNN  -- Manchester City football player Kolo Toure has expressed his relief after receiving only a six-month suspension for using a banned drug . The Ivory Coast international will miss the start of the 2011-12 season , but can return to action from September 2 after the punishment for taking weight-loss pills was backdated . "  This has been a difficult period for me , and I am sad to have missed the team 's triumph of securing Champions League football for Manchester City and also the FA Cup victory at Wembley , " Toure told the English club 's website after Thursday 's ruling . "  But I am relieved that I will be able to return to football in September and thank the FA 's commission for their understanding about my case in coming to their decision . " Toure faced a possible two-year ban after admitting to using water tablets given to him by his wife , but several factors meant he escaped the maximum penalty . Wenger blames Toure positive test on diet pill One member of the panel recommended that the 30-year-old be sidelined for just three months as it was his first offense and he admitted his guilt . Lawyer Christopher Quinlan , who headed the English Football Association 's independent panel , said Toure "  did not intend to enhance sporting performance or to mask the use of a performance-enhancing substance . " "  The player accepted he was at fault and with that concession we agree , " Quinlan said in a statement on the FA 's website . "  He was at fault in the limited and perfunctory efforts he made in relation to the water tablets ; the checks he made in relation to those tablets were inadequate and fell some way below what it would be reasonable to expect of a professional footballer in these circumstances . " Toure , who will be target-tested for drug use for the next two years , was provisionally suspended on March 2 . The defender had to watch from the sidelines as City qualified for Europe 's premier club competition for the first time , finishing third in Premier League . His younger brother Yaya scored the winning goal in both the semifinal and final of the FA Cup , England 's prestigious knockout competition , as City ended a 35-year wait to lift a trophy .	Kolo Toure relieved after receiving a backdated six-month ban for using diet pills Manchester City player will miss start of next season but can return from September 2 The 30-year-old admitted taking his wife 's water tablets in order to lose weight He could have been suspended for two years but was given a reduced punishment
Enoosaen , Kenya  CNN  -- When she was 14 years old , Kakenya Ntaiya entered the cow pen behind her home with an elderly woman carrying a rusty knife . As a crowd from her Maasai village looked on , Ntaiya sat down , lifted her skirt and opened her legs . The woman grabbed Ntaiya 's most intimate body parts and , in just moments , cut them out . "  It  was  really painful . I fainted , " recalled Ntaiya , now 34 . "  You 're not supposed to cry . " For generations , this ceremony was a rite of passage for every Maasai girl , some as young as 10 ; soon afterward , they would marry and drop out of school . About 140 million girls and women worldwide have been affected by female genital mutilation , also known as female circumcision . The procedure is commonly based on religious and cultural beliefs , including efforts to prevent premarital sex and marital infidelity . While female circumcision and child marriage are now illegal in Kenya -- new laws banning genital mutilation have contributed to a decline in the practice -- officials acknowledge that they still go on , especially in rural tribal areas . Despite free primary education being mandated 10 years ago by the Kenyan government , educating girls is still not a priority for the Maasai culture . According to the Kenyan government , only 11 % of Maasai girls in Kenya finish primary school . "  It means the end of their dreams of whatever they want to become in life , " Ntaiya said . But when Ntaiya endured the painful ritual in 1993 , she had a plan . She negotiated a deal with her father , threatening to run away unless he promised she could finish high school after the ceremony . "  I really liked going to school , " she said . "  I knew that once I went through the cutting , I was going to be married off . And my dream of becoming a teacher was going to end . " Dreams like Ntaiya 's were n't the norm in Enoosaen , a small village in western Kenya . Engaged at age 5 , Ntaiya spent her childhood learning the skills she would need to be a good Maasai wife . But her mother encouraged her children to strive for a better life , and Ntaiya heeded her advice , postponing the coming-of-age ritual as long as she could . When her father finally insisted , she took her stand . Ntaiya 's bold move paid off . She excelled in high school and earned a college scholarship in the United States . Her community held a fundraiser to raise money for her airfare , and in exchange , she promised to return and help the village . Over the next decade , Ntaiya would earn her degree , a job at the United Nations and eventually a doctorate in education . But she never forgot the vow she made to village elders . In 2009 , she opened the first primary school for girls in her village , the Kakenya Center for Excellence . Today , Ntaiya is helping more than 150 girls receive the education and opportunities that she had to sacrifice so much to attain . The Kakenya Center for Excellence started as a traditional day school , but now the students , who range from fourth to eighth grade , live at the school . This spares the girls from having to walk miles back and forth , which puts them at risk of being sexually assaulted , a common problem in rural African communities . It also ensures the girls do n't spend all their free time doing household chores . "  Now , they can focus on their studies -- and on being kids , " Ntaiya said . "  It 's the only way you can give a girl child a chance to excel . " Students receive three meals a day as well as uniforms , books and tutoring . There are also extracurricular activities such as student council , debate and soccer . Class sizes are small -- many schools in Kenya are extremely overcrowded -- and the girls have more chances to participate . With these opportunities and the individual attention they receive , the girls are inspired to start dreaming big . "  They want to become doctors , pilots , lawyers , " Ntaiya said . "  It 's exciting to see that . " Just 4 years old , the school already ranks among the top in its district . "  Fathers are now saying , ` My daughter could do better than my son , ' " Ntaiya said . As a public school , the Kakenya Center for Excellence receives some financial support from the Kenyan government . But the majority of the school 's expenses are paid for by Ntaiya 's U.S.-based nonprofit . While families are asked to contribute to cover the cost of the girls ' meals , an expense that can be paid in maize or beans , Ntaiya covers the costs of any students who can not pay . Each year , more than 100 girls apply for approximately 30 spots available in each new class . Parents who enroll their daughters must agree that they will not be subjected to genital mutilation or early marriage . Many families are willing to accept Ntaiya 's terms , and that 's the kind of change she was hoping to inspire . It took her years to drum up support for the project , but eventually she persuaded the village elders to donate land for the school . "  It 's still quite challenging to push for change . Men are in charge of everything , " she said . "  But nothing good comes on a silver plate . You have to fight hard . " Chief John Naleke , a village elder , can testify firsthand to Ntaiya 's powers of persuasion . As recently as 2006 , he claimed there was no need for girls to be educated . But she managed to win him over ; he 's now an important partner in her efforts . Naleke said Ntaiya 's accomplishments and spirit have made her a role model , noting that villagers also respect the fact that she did n't forget her promise . "  We have several sons who have gone to the United States for school . Kakenya is the only one that I can think of that has come back to help us , " Naleke said . "  What she tells us , it touches us . ... She brought a school and a light and is trying to change old customs to help girls get a new , better life . " In 2011 , Ntaiya moved to Nairobi , Kenya 's capital , with her husband and two young sons . She spends about half her time in Enoosaen , where she loves to visit with the girls and see them evolve . "  When they start , they are so timid , " she said . "  Now  the confidence they have , it 's just beyond words . It 's the most beautiful thing . " Her nonprofit also runs health and leadership camps that are open to all sixth-grade girls in the village and teach them about female circumcision , child marriage , teen pregnancy and HIV/AIDS . "  We tell them about every right that they have , and we teach them how to speak up , " Ntaiya said . "  It 's about empowering the girls . " In the coming years , Ntaiya plans to expand her school to include lower grades . She also wants to provide tutoring for the students from her first class when they head to high school next year , and she wants to eventually open a career center for them . She hopes that one day the school will serve as a model for girls ' education throughout Africa . Ultimately , Ntaiya wants girls to have the opportunity to go as far as their abilities will take them . "  I came back so girls do n't have to negotiate like I did to achieve their dreams , " she said . "  That 's why I wake up every morning . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Kakenya Center for Excellence website at www.kakenyasdream.org and see how to help .	Only 11 % of Maasai girls in Kenya finish primary school , according to the government Kakenya Ntaiya is trying to change the culture and empower girls there Ntaiya studied abroad , came back to her village to open its first primary school for girls
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The apparent suicide of former government researcher Bruce Ivins is the latest development in the mystery of the anthrax attacks of 2001 . Letters laced with the bacteria brought the disease into the forefront , sparking fear across America . Anthrax infetions result from bacteria called Bacillus anthracis . Anthrax comes from a bacterium called Bacillus anthracis , and infection can come in one of three forms : cutaneous  also called skin  , inhalation  lung  , and gastrointestinal  digestive  . It emerged in World War I as a biological weapon , but has been blamed for plagues throughout history that killed both humans and livestock . How does a person become infected ? You can get anthrax by handling products from infected animals , breathing in anthrax spores , and by eating undercooked meat from infected animals . There are few cases of infected animals in the United States . Anthrax is found more frequently in animals in developing nations , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Why was it so scary in 2001 ? In the fall of 2001 , anonymous letters laced with anthrax were sent to news agencies in Florida and New York , as well as to a congressional office building in Washington . Two postal workers died of inhalation anthrax as a result . An elderly woman from rural Connecticut , a Manhattan hospital worker from the Bronx , and an employee at a Florida tabloid magazine also died of the disease , possibly through cross-contamination . A total of 22 people fell ill because of these attacks . Seven survivors had confirmed cutaneous anthrax disease , according to the U.S. National Library of Medicine and the National Institutes of Health . Bioterrorism experts say anthrax is difficult to use effectively as a weapon on a large scale , according to the U.S. National Library of Medicine and the National Institutes of Health . Still , a person can contract the disease in other ways , and it is important to recognize its different forms . What does the disease do ? • In cutaneous anthrax , the most common form , about 95 percent of infections happen with the bacterial spore enters a skin cut or abrasion , according to the CDC . At first an itchy bump appears that resembles an insect bite , which then develops into a painless ulcer with a black center . About 20 percent of untreated cases result in death , but the disease is seldom fatal if treated with antibiotics . • Inhalation anthrax at first resembles a cold or flu , causing a sore throat , mild fever , muscle aches , fatigue and mild chest discomfort , according to MayoClinic.com . While these first symptoms may appear to subside , a high fever , breathing problems , and shock can follow , MayoClinic.com said . This disease goes after the lymph nodes inside the chest . It may kill lung tissue and spread to the blood or brain , causing meningitis . Even with appropriate treatment , inhalation anthrax is usually fatal in about 75 percent of cases , MayoClinic.com said . Five of the 11 people infected with inhalation anthrax in the U.S. in 2001 died of the disease , in spite of antibiotics and other therapy , the CDC said . • Intestinal anthrax , which can come from eating contaminated meat , causes inflammation of the intestinal tract , the CDC said . An infected person may notice nausea , loss of appetite , vomiting , and fever at first , then later abdominal pain , vomiting of blood , and severe diarrhea , the CDC said . Other symptoms may include lesions and soreness in the throat , difficulty swallowing , and swelling in the neck and regional lymph glands . This kind of anthrax is fatal in 25 percent to 60 percent of cases , the CDC said . Treatment Antibiotics such as penicillin can treat anthrax , and a patient should receive treatment as soon as possible . The disease can be fatal if left untreated . Treatment takes about 60 days , since that is how long it may take anthrax spores to grow , according to the U.S. National Library of Medicine and the National Institutes of Health . How can you protect yourself ? Avoid contact with livestock and animal products in countries where anthrax is common and herds are n't commonly vaccinated , the CDC says . Also try not to eat meat that has not been properly slaughtered and cooked . There is also a vaccine , reported to be 93 percent effective in protecting against anthrax , according to the CDC . The CDC recommends that certain people get vaccinated against anthrax . This includes people who work directly with the organism in a laboratory or work with imported animal hides or furs in areas with low standards to protect against exposure to anthrax spores . People who handle potentially infected animal products in countries with a high incidence of the disease , and work , and military personnel in areas with high risk of exposure to the bacteria , should also be immunized , the CDC said . A study published in 2003 showed that soap and water can be effective at eliminating bacteria spores similar to anthrax .	Anthrax can spread through infected animals , spores , and undercooked meat The disease results from a bacterium called Bacillus anthracis The CDC recommends that some people at risk for exposure get vaccinated
CNN  -- Just imagine , for a moment , a world in which Steve Jobs had never lived . How might daily life be different ? Computers are still around , but not as you know them . They 're complex , hateful things , mostly used in the office for spreadsheets and other business applications . Nobody bothered to sell a good-looking user interface with a desktop and mouse , because nobody could be sure there was a mass market for it . Thousands of people use PCs at home , but they 're mostly hobbyists and amateur programmers . If you want to have fun with electronics , you hook up a videogame console to your TV . The Internet still exists , but it never really had as much of a platform to take root on . There 's a thriving market in trading MP3s online , but all of it is illegal . The record labels never got their act together on selling digital copies of songs . MP3 players are large , clunky things with too many buttons . No movie studio makes really good computer-animated films . Smartphones are bulky bricks with thick keyboards . Touchscreen tablets exist -- as prototypes in a few computer labs . Okay , so maybe things would n't have been quite that bad without Jobs . Perhaps Xerox PARC 's management would have figured out it was sitting on a goldmine in its Graphical User Interface and early-model mouse . Microsoft might have come up with Windows without the example of the Macintosh . Maybe Steve Wozniak would have found another compadre to help him design , sell and market the Apple II , the PC that started it all . But none of that seems very likely . Many words have been written attempting to distill the magic of Steve Jobs . To my mind , it boils down to this : He saved technology from itself . He stopped it from being scary to a mass audience . He took the excitement and optimism that Silicon Valley already felt about computing , and never ceased to find new ways to communicate that to the world . For all of his celebration of crazy revolutionaries who liked to "  think different , " Jobs was a champion of the mainstream . His business idols , he liked to say , were the Beatles . That was n't just because the way their four personalities balanced each other was a good model for management . It was also because what they made was accessible -- and enjoyed by everyone on the planet . I 've written about my experiences interviewing Jobs for Time magazine here , but the first time I ever spoke to him was a prime example of his mainstream approach . This was shortly after his return to Apple , in an interview for a now-defunct supplement called Time Digital . After a handful questions , Jobs suddenly lost his temper . "  I know hundreds of people who read Time Magazine , " he fumed . "  I do n't know anyone who reads Time Digital . " With that , the interview was over . Thankfully , we had dozens of pleasant encounters after that . But I would always understand that he knew exactly who he was talking to , and that he was always laser-focused on reaching as wide a readership as he could . He gave great quotes -- quotes that did n't talk down to the reader , but rather let them peek behind the scenes at Apple . "  The dirty little secret of the iTunes store is that there 's no way to make money , " he told me when it launched on the PC . "  We do it because we 're selling iPods . " iPods , iPhones , iPads -- Jobs had his product road map worked out way in advance , and it was all about getting supremely easy-to-use products into the hands of as many users as possible . Compromised , committee-designed devices , such as the ho-hum Motorola Rockr iTunes phone , only served as examples of what Apple should n't make . So what now ? Is there another visionary in the world with that kind of drive , ambition , focus and zeal ? Plenty of pundits have said we 'll never see the likes of Jobs again -- but I hope they 're wrong , and I think Jobs would hope that too . Because who wants to see a world without the mid-21st century equivalent of the Macintosh , or the iPod , or Pixar ? If someone does pick up that baton and champion mainstream-friendly , fear-free technology , think where we 'll go next . Just imagine . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Apple genius always kept users in mind Gadgets designed around experience , not electronics Jobs always knew exactly whom he was addressing
CNN  -- At two goals to the good against Chelsea in their FA Cup quarterfinal it looked as if Manchester United were going to bury any lingering demons after their demoralizing Champions League exit to Real Madrid . Strikes from Mexican forward Javier Hernandez and England international Wayne Rooney inside the ten opening minutes piled more misery on beleaguered Chelsea boss Rafael Benitez as he weathered abuse from both sets of supporters inside Old Trafford . But the Spaniard made some inspired tactical changes and saw his side draw level thanks to fine goals from Belgian international Eden Hazard and Brazilian midfielder Ramires as only a string of saves from United 's Spanish goalkeeper David De Gea prevented Chelsea from a famous win . Their draw now creates a headache for both clubs , as their hectic schedules between now and the end of the season means fixing a date for the replay will present a significant challenge . Whoever wins will face Manchester City in the semifinals at Wembley . Benitez was forced to withstand yet more abuse from Chelsea fans angry at his appointment which was added to by taunts from home fans who remember the Spaniard 's many battles with Alex Ferguson when he was manager at their archrivals Liverpool . But after the game Benitez told ITV : "  I think we should have won the game . The second half we were on top , we created the best chances and were in control of the game . " On Mata 's great chance late on he added : "  Mata said De Gea made a great save . We have to think about the first game then after we will think about City . It 'll be difficult to win because United are a great side . " Ferguson told reporters : "  We 're lucky to be in the Cup . We ran out of legs -- our two full-backs , Rafael and Evra , are just knackered . " Cheslea 's taxing trip to Romania to play the first leg of their Europa League last-16 tie on Thursday clearly showed in the opening stages as they sunk to a two-goal deficit . Hernandez struck first , looping a header over Petr Cech from Michael Carrick 's floated pass . Rooney made it 2-0 moments later as his left wing free kick went through a crowd of bodies inside the area and crept into the far corner of the net . Cech made a fine double save to prevent Chelsea going 3-0 down when he stopped a powerful Rooney effort before springing into action again as David Luiz 's misplaced header almost looped into the net . But after Hazard was introduced the game turned and on the hour mark he curled a superb effort into the top corner to give the away side hope . And the comeback was complete when Chelsea swept down field after a United attack and Ramires cut inside his man to beat De Gea with a precise left-footed finish . Fernando Torres had a chance to wrap the game up before Mata cut inside Jonny Evans and struck on goal from six yards out but De Gea stuck out a leg to get a vital touch and divert the ball round the post . The other quarterfinal saw second tier sides Blackburn and Millwall draw 0-0 . The winner of that tie will face Premier League side Wigan in the other semifinal . In the English Premier League a late penalty from captain Steven Gerrard helped Liverpool to a 3-2 victory over Tottenham Hotspur , who opened the door for Chelsea to reclaim third spot in the race for Champions League football . The clash at Anfield was billed as a battle between two stars gunning for the player of the year crown -- Tottenham 's Gareth Bale , and Liverpool 's Luis Suarez . Going into the game Bale had ten goals in his last nine games , Suarez 11 in his last 11 . And it was the Uruguayan who struck first for Liverpool , tucking home from Jose Enrique 's astute pass to register his 22nd goal of the season . But Tottenham hit back when Belgian defender Jan Vertonghen nodded home Bale 's cross right on halftime . Just eight minutes after the break Vertonghen grabbed his second , rifling home from inside the area after a set piece fell to him , and Tottenham looked set to build on their impressive 3-0 win over Inter Milan in the first leg of their Europa League last-16 tie in midweek . But Liverpool responded with two goals in 16 minutes as mistakes from England international Kyle Walker and French goalkeeper Hugo Lloris allowed Stewart Downing to fire Liverpool level . And with eight minutes remaining Benoit Assou-Ekotto bundled Suarez over inside the penalty area and Gerrard slotted home the penalty to move Liverpool up to sixth in the table . Tottenham remain third , two points ahead of Chelsea , but their London rivals have a game in hand . The other Premier League game on Sunday saw Newcastle United ease their relegation worries with a last-gasp 2-1 victory over Stoke City . Stoke went in front in the second half when Ivory Coast international Chieck Tiote brought down Jonathan Walters inside the area and the striker picked himself up to convert from the spot . Newcastle drew level when French international Yohan Cabaye floated a free kick in off the crossbar and in the second minute of injury time Sylvain Marveaux picked out Cisse who controlled before smashing a volley into the net . His side are now nine points clear of the drop zone .	Chelsea fight back from 2-0 down to draw with Manchester United in FA Cup last eight Goals from Eden Hazard and Ramires bring Chelsea back from the brink Winner of the replay will face Manchester City in the semifinal at Wembley Liverpool come back from 2-1 down to beat Tottenham in the Premier League
CNN  -- Serie A leaders AC Milan have agreed a deal to sign unsettled Italy international striker Antonio Cassano from Sampdoria in the January transfer window . Italian news agency Ansa confirmed on Tuesday that the 28-year-old will finally be leaving the Genoa-based club following his highly-publicized row with Sampdoria owner Riccardo Garrone in October . Cassano has not played a competitive match since falling out with Sampdoria , although the club recently failed to get the player 's contract cancelled at an arbitration panel . Although Cassano can not officially sign for Milan until next month , he can join his new team at their winter training camp in Dubai from December 27 . Rafa Benitez 's old tricks backfire in Italy Neither club has confirmed the deal yet , but Italian media reported that Cassano 's contract will run until 2014 and that a $ 5 million sell-on clause due to his former Spanish team Real Madrid will now be divided between Milan , Sampdoria and the player . Despite his undoubted ability , Cassano has proved a controversial figure during his career with Bari , Roma and Real , and has made only 20 appearances for Italy in seven years . However , with Filippo Inzaghi ruled out for the season with a knee injury , Cassano was quickly identified by Milan as a replacement for the veteran striker . Cassano joins an already star-studded attack which includes Zlatan Ibrahimovic , Alexandre Pato , Robinho and Ronaldinho , with speculation already mounting about the latter Brazilian 's future following his failure to command a regular place at the San Siro this season .	AC Milan poised to sign Antonio Cassano after reaching a deal with Sampdoria The Italian forward has not played since falling out with Genovese club in October Cassano 's arrival could hasten the departure of Milan 's Brazilian forward Ronaldinho
CNN Student News  -- May 6 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • New York , New York • Sabinas , Mexico • Syria Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : We are bringing the world to your classroom . This is CNN Student News ! Hello , everyone , and welcome on this Friday , May 6th . My name is Carl Azuz . And as we kick off today 's headlines , we 're beginning at Ground Zero . First Up : Ground Zero Visit AZUZ : That 's the site of the World Trade Center in New York City , which was targeted in the 9/11 terrorist attacks . And it 's where President Obama was yesterday for a ceremony paying tribute to the victims of that violence . The president helped lay a wreath at Ground Zero . Vice President Joe Biden did the same thing at the Pentagon , which was another target of the 9/11 attacks . The president 's visit came days after the death of Osama bin Laden , the man behind the attacks . Deborah Feyerick talked with two sisters who were in middle school on September 11th , 2001 , and whose father was killed in the attacks . BRIENNE MCNALLY , FATHER KILLED ON 9/11 : It 's definitely mixed emotions , because you definitely feel relief that somebody that represents injustice and cruelty , that was responsible for the murder of my father , finally , the fact that he 's no longer on this earth brings a justice to the situation . But at the same time , it brings up all these emotions from that day when I found out that he died , and just knowing that my dad will never come back . And it 's hard to have that hole in your life , and that will never be , I 'll never get full closure on that . AZUZ : Samantha Hayes joins us now on the president 's visit to Ground Zero . BEGIN VIDEO SAMANTHA HAYES , CNN NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : President Obama paused Thursday afternoon to honor the victims of September 11th . After the wreath-laying at Ground Zero , the president met privately with the families of 9/11 victims and first responders . It was a moment full of meaning and emotion . SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER ,  D  NEW YORK : Most Americans today feel that this is not about any kind of political issue . This is an issue to feel good about America . HAYES : Earlier in the day , the president stopped by the Engine 54 firehouse . This station lost 15 firefighters on September 11th . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : This is a symbolic site of the extraordinary sacrifice that was made on that terrible day . CHIEF EDWARD KILDUFF , NY FIRE DEPARTMENT : For him to come here and to see faces of the firefighters who were killed on September 11th to and see the shrine that was erected in their honor really meant something to him . HAYES : The president 's visit comes just 24 hours after announcing he would not release the photos of Osama Bin Laden after he was killed . It 's a decision that some disagree with , saying the photos offer closure and send a message . BILL BENNETT , CONSERVATIVE TALK SHOW HOST : This is what happens at the end to someone who threatens Americans and who kills Americans . HAYES : As the political discourse continues , so does the progress at Ground Zero . This time lapse by Project Rebirth shows the evolution of the space where the Twin Towers once stood . Another symbol that America is moving forward , but will never forget what happened nearly ten years ago . END VIDEO Severe Flooding AZUZ : Intentionally flooding parts of the U.S. in order to avoid catastrophic floods in other communities . It 's not a plan everyone agrees with , but it is a plan that is moving forward . This is what parts of Illinois looked like on Tuesday . River levels have dropped nearly two feet since engineers started their work . But this was the result of that work : plots of farmland in Missouri that are now sitting underwater . The flooding , which has spread into Arkansas , has been caused by massive rain , and meteorologists do n't expect that to let up until next month . I.D. Me BARBARA HALL , CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can I.D. Me ! I 'm a country located in the Western hemisphere . I declared my independence from Spain in 1810 . My national Independence Day is September 16th , not May 5th , or Cinco de Mayo . I 'm Mexico , and my president is Felipe Calderon . Mexico Mine Blast AZUZ : An official in President Calderon 's administration is n't holding out hope for a group of trapped miners . This started with an explosion on Tuesday morning at a mine in the city of San Juan de Sabinas , Mexico . It 's the center of the country 's coal mining industry . Rescuers began searching for victims as soon as it was safe for them to go inside the mine 's tunnels . As of yesterday , six bodies had been recovered . Mexico 's labor secretary said there was "  no hope of life " for the eight other men trapped in the mine . Unrest in Syria AZUZ : From Mexico , we 're moving to the Middle Eastern nation of Syria . That country 's government says military forces are leaving the town of Daraa . Syrian officials say the military finished its mission to "  restore security and calm " in Daraa . Troops have been fighting with protesters there who 've been speaking out against Syria 's government . It 's been going on for more than a month , and one human rights group says hundreds of people have been killed . Protesters say reports of troops leaving Daraa are not true . Japan Nuclear Crisis AZUZ : Finally , we go to Japan and to the nuclear power plant that was damaged by that massive earthquake and tsunami back in March . Nearly two months later , engineers continue their work trying to get the Fukushima Daiichi plant 's reactors under control . This video shows a robot going into the plant 's number one reactor . Yesterday , people went inside for the first time since the quake . They 're installing a ventilation system that will hopefully let workers stay inside the reactor longer as they try to shut the thing down . This Day in History AZUZ : On this day in history , in 1915 , George Herman "  Babe " Ruth hit his first Major League home run . The legendary player hit 713 more of those during his pro career . In 1937 , the Hindenburg , a German airship that was the largest dirigible ever built , exploded as it arrived in New Jersey . That killed 36 people . And in 1954 , Roger Bannister , a medical student , became the first person to run the mile in under four minutes . He beat it by 6 tenths of a second . Remembering A Combat Veteran AZUZ : On tomorrow 's date in history , back in 1915 , a German submarine sank the Lusitania . It was a British passenger ship . And that was a major event during World War I , a conflict that engulfed huge parts of the globe . Yesterday , the last known veteran who fought in that war died . Tamara Akers of Australia 's Network Ten has his story . BEGIN VIDEO TAMARA AKERS , REPORTER , NETWORK TEN : His navy mates called him "  Chuckles . " Renowned for enjoying a laugh , Claude Choules was in good form right to the end . DAPHNE EDINGER , DAUGHTER : Extremely good spirits . He even sang to us and told some jokes to the kids . AKERS : The world 's last World War I combat veteran died in his sleep at a Perth nursing home overnight , age 110 . Like many others , he lied about his age and joined the British Navy at 15 . CLAUDE CHOULES , LAST WORLD WAR I VETERAN : We all did , all us boys . They did n't have our birth certificates . AKERS : Mr. Choules later transferred to the Australian Navy as a demolition officer . He was integral in diffusing German mines during World War II before retiring in Perth in 1956 . Despite all his years of service , Mr. Choules ' family said he very rarely spoke about the war . And if he did , it was only ever about the good times . MALCOLM EDINGER , GRANDSON : To him , war was just simply a waste of human resources : life , money and time . He had no time for it . AKERS : Instead , his daughter says he lived for his family , which includes three children and 36 grandchildren , great-grandchildren , and great-great-grandchildren . Mr. Choules also believed they were the secret to a long life . CHOULES : Just marry young and stay young , and have a lovely family . And keep your family around about you , and you 're all right then . AKERS : Tamara Akers , 10 News . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : I always say that we have the best audience , and you 've been helping us celebrate Teacher Appreciation Week here on CNN Student News . We 've gotten some excellent iReports talking about your favorite teachers , and we 're featuring a few of them right now in today 's Before We Go segment . BEGIN VIDEO BRIAN KRAUS , CROFTON , MARYLAND : Brian Kraus , Crofton , Maryland , reporting that Mrs. Quick is the best teacher at Crofton Middle School . KAYLA MARIUZZA , MT. KISCO , NEW YORK : Hi , I 'm Kayla , and the teachers I appreciate are Mrs. Kivel and Ms. Orlando . I appreciate them because of all the creative things they let us do . MAKENZY BOWERS , BRYAN , OHIO : My name is Makenzy from Bryan Middle School in Bryan , Ohio . I would have to say my favorite teacher is Ms. Cox because she does n't hold anything against you and she 's very caring and always gives you candy . I love you , Ms. Cox ! BRENDA PIEDRAGIL , ONTARIO , CALIFORNIA : Hi , I 'm Brenda from Ontario High School . And for teacher appreciation I choose Mr. De Jong , because he 's always helping me with my work and he 's a really good , good teacher , and he 's funny too . Go Mr. De ! END VIDEO Goodbye AZUZ : All right , those are just some of the iReports we got . You can check all of them out by clicking on the Teacher Appreciation Week link ; that 's in the Spotlight section at CNNStudentNews.com . Big thanks to everybody who sent in iReports . And a big thanks to all you teachers out there . We hope everyone appreciates the weekend . And CNN Student News will see ya Monday ! MARIA RESENDEZ , BRYAN , OHIO : Hi My name is Maria and I 'm from Bryan Middle School in Bryan , Ohio . My favorite teacher would have to be Ms. Mabus . She 's really nice , caring , sweet and I love her . That 's about it . SAVANNAH GAINES , CROFTON , MARYLAND : My favorite teacher is Mr. Sturgis from Crofton Middle School .	Consider the impact of President Obama 's visit to Ground Zero Review the stories making headlines in Mexico , Syria and Japan Reflect on the passing of the last combat veteran of World War I Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  Two years ago , Aaron Hernandez had a $ 40 million contract and was a rising NFL star . Now the former New England Patriot is on trial in the killing of Odin Lloyd . Lloyd , a semipro football player , was shot multiple times on June 17 , 2013 . Hernandez has pleaded not guilty . Here are some of the key moments from the past week of his murder trial : Judge Susan Garsh on Monday reversed her initial ruling to block any mention of multiple texts from Lloyd before he was slain . Lloyd 's sister , Shaquilla Thibou will be able to say she received four texts from her brother just minutes before his death . The last text came at 3:23 a.m. , a minute before workers in the industrial park where Lloyd 's body later was found heard gunshots . Thibou had been expected to testify Friday , but that testimony was delayed as the court proceedings focused instead on exploring critical cellphone records . Thibou will not be able to talk about the nature of the texts , including this one that prosecutors say was from Lloyd : "  U saw who I 'm with ... Nfl ... just so u know . " The judge ruled it would be too prejudicial against Hernandez . Two plant employees working the overnight shift at Needletech Products Inc. , a company in the industrial park where Lloyd 's body was found , reported hearing loud bangs at the time he was thought to have been fatally shot . One worker , Barbara Chan , said she was napping in her car during her lunch break between 3 and 3:30 a.m. "  I heard a loud band , maybe four or five times , " she testified Monday , saying she thought it was fireworks . "  It was two slow ones and three fast ones , " she added . Another plant worker , Michael Ribeiro , said he heard about six or eight loud bangs just after 3:20 a.m. "  A loud banging sound , like fireworks going off , " Ribeiro testified . Prosecutors have presented evidence , including autopsy photos that show Lloyd was shot six times -- once in the back , once in the arm , and the rest to his torso . On Tuesday , during testimony by one of three cleaning ladies in the Hernandez household , prosecutors showed the jury video of Hernandez 's fiancée , Shayanna Jenkins , taking a trash bag from the house and placing it in the trunk of her sister 's car . Her sister , Shaneah Jenkins , was Lloyd 's girlfriend . What might Shayanna Jenkins say ? In the video , Shayanna Jenkins appears to walk out the back patio door of the Hernandez home carrying a heavy , black trash bag . At one point , she puts it down and places a pile of clothes into the bag , picks it up again and goes to the garage . One of the maids , Carla Barbosa , then moves a white van out of the way to clear a path for Jenkins . Jenkins then puts the bag into the trunk of her sister 's car . Prosecutors allege Jenkins may have been following instructions from Hernandez to get rid of the murder weapon from their home by putting the gun in a black trash bag and borrowing her sister 's car to dispose of the bag in a trash bin . Prosecutors say that on the day after Lloyd was killed , Jenkins got a coded text message from Hernandez . Hernandez asked Jenkins to get something out of their basement , according to search warrants . "  Go ... in back of the screen in movie room when u  sic  get home an  sic  there is a box ... jus  sic  in case u were looking for it !!! Member  sic  how you ruined the big tv ... WAS JUST THINKIN bout that lol wink wink love u TTYL ... K " TTYL is shorthand for "  talk to you later . " When Jenkins returned home , she was captured on the same security system , but without the bag . Jenkins told a grand jury she threw it in a trash bin but could n't remember where , according to prosecutors . Prosecutors suspect the still-missing murder weapon was inside . Jenkins has been granted immunity , compelling her to testify at Hernandez 's trial . She is on the prosecution 's witness list . It is not known whether her testimony will help or hurt Hernandez . When the defense team questioned Barbosa , she acknowledged she had no idea what was in the trash bag and that it could have been trash . Two other cleaning ladies , Marilia Prinholato and Grazielli Andrade Silva , both testified this week they found guns in the Hernandez home . Silva owns the company responsible for Hernandez 's residence and has also cleaned other Patriots ' players houses , Silva testified she took a gun from a pair of Hernandez 's pants and showed it to her co-worker . She said she put it back in the pants because she did n't want anyone to know she had seen it . Silva also testified to feeling a gun under the mattress in the basement bedroom where Ernest Wallace was staying . Wallace and Carlos Ortiz have also been charged with murder in the death of Lloyd . They have pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately . Prinholato said she saw a gun fall out from beneath the mattress of the same bed a month before Lloyd 's killing . Surveillance video shows Hernandez pulling up to a gas station in his rented silver Nissan Altima at 2 a.m. that June 17 , a little more than an hour before Lloyd 's death . Wallace and Ortiz are with him . The surveillance video was shown in court this week . Hernandez and Ortiz exit the car . Ortiz is wearing a white towel , which prosecutors say is the same one found at the crime scene . Hernandez dances a few times -- once as he walks in front of his car and into the store , where he and Ortiz buy cotton candy-flavored bubble gum and a box of Black & Mild cigars . A chewed piece of gum was found stuck to a .45 - caliber shelling in a trash bin at an Enterprise rental car place , a detective said . Surveillance video shows Hernandez dancing again , pumping his arms in the air as he returns to his car and walks around . The three men leave the gas station at 2:12 a.m. Twenty minutes later , at 2:32 a.m. , another surveillance video shows a silver Nissan Altima pull up in front of Lloyd 's house . Lloyd is waiting outside and gets in the car . CNN 's Lawrence Crook contributed to this report .	Aaron Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to killing Odin Lloyd Surveillance video shows Hernandez 's fiancée carrying a heavy trash bag Video also shows Hernandez dancing shortly before Lloyd 's death
North Korea fired two short-range missiles off its eastern coast Monday , the second such launch in less than a week , according to the South Korean Defense Ministry . The defense ministry said it is on high alert and monitoring the situation . It called on the North to stop the missile launches . The weapons launched were Scud missiles that flew more than 500 kilometers  311 miles  , according to the defense ministry . The missiles landed in the sea , South Korea 's semi-official Yonhap news agency reported . On Thursday , four Scud missiles with a shorter range were fired into the sea off North Korea 's eastern coast -- flying about 220 kilometers  137 miles  , according to Yonhap -- just days after the start of annual joint military exercises between South Korea and the United States . North Korea opposes such exercises , which routinely cause friction among the three countries . North Korea 's missile capabilities Last year 's exercises triggered weeks of heightened tensions between the nations and North Korean threats of nuclear war . Thursday 's launch was the first time North Korea had fired Scud missiles , which have a range that covers the whole of the Korean Peninsula , since 2009 , South Korea said . Foreign policy experts say the North Korean missile firings may not herald a repeat of last year 's saber rattling from Pyongyang , which included threats of preemptive nuclear strikes against the United States and South Korea and the declaration that the armistice that stopped the Korean War in 1953 is null and void . North Korea launches missiles into sea	The South Korean Defense Ministry is on high alert The launch is the second in less than a week They come after the start of joint military exercises between U.S. and South Korea
CNN  -- He may have written his name into national folklore less than a week ago but Germany 's World Cup winning captain Philipp Lahm has decided to go out at the top by announcing his retirement from international football Friday . The 30-year-old made 113 appearances for "  Die Nationalmannschaft " over 10 years culminating in Sunday 's dramatic extra-time victory over Argentina in the Maracana , Rio de Janeiro . Lahm will continue to play for club side Bayern Munich with whom he extended his contract prior to the tournament in Brazil . In an open letter posted on the German Football Federation  DFB  website Friday , Lahm thanked fans , management and fellow players for "  a wonderful time . " He informed Germany coach Joachim Low of his decision on Monday over breakfast . "  I am happy and grateful that the end of my career end with the national team coincides with winning the World Cup in Brazil , " he said . The surprise news was met with tributes from across the sporting world and beyond . Lahm was at the center of celebrations as Germany paraded the World Cup trophy to an estimated one million people on the streets of Berlin Monday . Germany coach Joachim Low said : "  Philipp is a model professional who puts the team 's success above everything else . " "  His intelligence and versatility as a player have allowed him to play at the highest level on the international stage for many years . "  He is a world-class player , as he again demonstrated over the last few weeks in Brazil . He crowned his outstanding career by winning the World Cup title . " Team manager and former international Germany international striker Oliver Bierhoff added : "  Philipp is an absolute role model as a player and person . "  He is a big personality and happily takes on a great deal of responsibility . "  I have immense respect for Philipp 's career and his decision . What remains is for all of us to say a big thank you . " Meanwhile German chancellor Angela Merkel , who was pictured celebrating with the German team after their victory in Brazil , said "  I would like to express to him my utmost respect for what he has done for the national team . " Lahm made his debut for Germany in a 2-1 victory over Croatia in February 2004 and became German captain prior to the 2010 World Cup after injury to then captain Michael Ballack . Traditionally a right sided defender , Lahm has been deployed more often as a central midfielder by Bayern and Germany over the past season . This was a role he played in the early games of the 2014 World Cup before reverting to right back after injury to Shkodran Mustafi . Only three players -- Lothar Matthaus  150 caps  , Miroslav Klose  137 caps  and Lukas Podolski  116 caps  -- have made more appearances for the German national team .	Germany captain Philipp Lahm retires from international football 30-year-old will continue to play for club side Bayern Munich Lahm made 113 appearances for Germany over 10 year international career
Washington  CNN  -- If the Bush administration had known there were no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq , it probably would n't have decided to invade in 2003 , former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said in an interview broadcast Sunday . Speaking on CNN 's "  State of the Union " program , Rumsfeld noted there were multiple reasons for attacking Iraq and ousting Saddam Hussein from power . However , intelligence reports -- now shown to have been false -- that Iraq possessed WMDs were the main reason for going in , Rumsfeld said . "  No question it was the big one , " he said . Asked if the United States would not have invaded if the administration had n't believed Iraq had the weapons of mass destruction , Rumsfeld said : "  I think that 's probably right . " He criticized the source known as "  Curveball " -- an Iraqi defector who admitted his claims that Iraq possessed WMDs were false -- but stopped short of condemning the U.S. intelligence community . "  The intelligence community talks to hundreds of people , " Rumsfeld said . "  They have human assets , such as this man . Some are honest , some are dishonest . Some do it for money , some do it for self aggrandizement . Some do it , apparently , to lie . " Now peddling a book , four years after being replaced by Robert Gates as defense secretary following heavy Republican losses in the 2006 mid-term elections , Rumsfeld maintained the swagger and bravado that were his hallmarks when dealing with the media as a Cabinet member . He said said the Obama administration was "  wrong in attacking the Bush administration 's structures that have kept this country safe for almost a decade now , " including the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . President Barack Obama campaigned on the promise that he would close the facility known as Gitmo in his first year in office , but it remains open . "  They now have switched from the campaign mode , and they are keeping Guantanamo Bay . They are keeping indefinite detention , " Rumsfeld said . "  They are keeping military commissions . So obviously , they 've come to the conclusion that their campaign promises -- easier to campaign than it is to govern . " Rumsfeld also rejected the premise that the United States is viewed more favorably around the world with Obama as president . "  No , and I do n't think there 's data that supports that , " Rumsfeld said . "  I think he had made a practice of trying to apologize for America . I personally am proud of America . " He was also critical of the Nobel Peace Prize awarded Obama in his first year in office in 2009 . "  Well , he had not accomplished a thing when he got the Nobel Prize , " Rumsfeld said . "  It was given to him on hope . Had to have been , because there was n't anything that he 'd done . " Despite receiving some boos when he recently was honored at the Conservative Political Action Conference , the annual gathering of conservative activists , Rumsfeld said the Tea Party movement has brought "  a lot of energy into public life and public affairs . " He said he was "  deeply worried about the budget " and that the country needs to start saving money now . Some of those savings can come in the Pentagon budget he formerly oversaw , he said . "  My goodness , every year the Congress was stuffing $ 10 billion down the Pentagon 's throat that we did n't want , " Rumsfeld said . "  There 's no question that there 's money there . "	The former defense secretary says intelligence sources sometimes lie Rumsfeld rejects notion that U.S. is more popular overseas under President Obama The Obama administration is keeping some Bush policies , Rumsfeld says
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Darryl Williams and Benjamin Kline were shivering before the speech even started , their black umbrella no match for the steady rain and brisk Philadelphia wind . Even as water hit their faces , though , they were smiling , excited at the thought of seeing Ron Paul . Williams and Kline are true believers . They are two men who in spite of political reality and weather still come out to support their "  ideal candidate . " They do n't care that many have crowned Mitt Romney the presumptive nominee or that it is now mathematically impossible for Paul to win the Republican nomination before the convention . They just know who they support . "  We believe he is the best candidate , " Williams said . Not everyone agrees , though , and the electoral math is against the 12-term congressman from Texas . On Tuesday , Romney swept Paul in all five states that voted . And even if Paul were to win every single delegate from now until the convention he would n't be able to win the nomination , according to analysis by CNN Political Research Director Rob Yoon . CNN Election Center : Ron Paul 's vote totals To Paul 's most passionate followers , though , it does n't matter that Paul has earned only an estimated 76 delegates  although his supporters challenge that number  , compared with Romney 's 841 . It does n't matter that Paul has yet to win a single state . It does n't matter , said Kline , "  with or without -LSB- Paul -RSB- , the movement is going to carry on . " Kline and Williams are just two of the hundreds of thousands of Ron Paul supporters across the country -- hairstylists , chiropractors , sailors and students -- who have been energized by the congressman from Texas ' third run for the White House . Now , as his chances have all but evaporated -- he is still hoping to challenge the presumptive nominee Romney at the GOP convention in Tampa this summer , but party rules may not even allow his name on the ballot -- a core of fans continue to turn out at rallies , flood internet comment boards and gather in big cities and small towns , to keep the movement alive . They still believe . Paul has already announced that he is retiring from the House this year . If he fails to win the presidency , his political career , a career that started in the late 70s , is over . That has left his followers grappling with their unabashed support for the 76-year old doctor and their commitment to the movement . Once a Democrat , now a Paul fan Standing under an awning at the Philadelphia rally is Kathy Cahalan , a woman from Clearwater , Florida who for 33 years voted as a Democrat but was so moved by Paul that she re-registered as a Republican so she could vote for him this year . Though she voted for then-candidate Barack Obama in 2008 , she said she regrets it now . Cahalan one of a few people who follows the Paul campaign around the country , going to different events in different primary states . Dave Wilcox , a 22-year veteran of the Navy , had met Cahalan earlier in the campaign . As they talk , a young group of supporters walk by chanting "  End the Fed , " a slogan that has become a staple at a Paul event . To Wilcox and Cahalan , Paul has become the conduit for a message . Do they respect and admire him ? Absolutely . But both say that the movement is bigger than him and will continue when he bows out of politics . "  We are trying to educate the GOP . That is the main message . Once we get back to the Constitution , it does n't matter who the banner carrier is , " Wilcox said , gesturing to the chanting students . "  It could be anybody , as long as they hear this message . " Borderline hero worshipers That attitude contrasts with the eager exuberance of Anastasios Hatzakos , a chiropractor from Easton , Penn. . Listening to Hatzakos talk about where he agrees with Paul is like listening to the candidate 's greatest hits album . Ending the Fed , cutting the deficit , no foreign entanglements , repealing the National Defense Authorization Act -- Hatzakos mentioned all of them . He went on to say there is not one policy that he disagrees with Paul on . Should he not make the ballot , Hatzakos said , "  I would write him in . I would never vote for anyone else , because they are all the same . " While Paul 's base is a wide spectrum of support , there are a number of people who would fall into the category of hero worshipers . In an interview with CNN , Paul says that sort of support makes him uncomfortable . "  I think they over-praise me at times , " Paul said . "  I keep saying maybe they have been over starved because I do n't see my qualifications quite the way they do . They over-praise . It makes me uncomfortable , but obviously it pleases me . " Though many see Paul as the figurehead attached to the movement , Paul says he sees his role in a lesser light . "  I am sort of like a spokesman for them , " Paul said . "  I do n't call them followers . I call them partners in this because they understand the same thing that I understand . " The ` movement ' will go on And Paul believes it is a good thing that the future of the movement is open ended . He says that while he may have truly awakened the movement in 2008 , it has been stirred decades ago . "  I do n't think anyone knows where it is going and it is good that I do n't know that , " Paul said . He added that while the movement 's future may be unknown , he feels validated by the fact that he draws large , politically diverse crowds in most places he goes . "  It verifies what I believe in , and I am convinced of , that freedom brings people together , " Paul said . "  How we use our freedom , your personal lifestyle may be different , but freedom brings us together . " Like other presidential candidates who have sparked intense passions before him -- Ross Perot , Ralph Nader , Barry Goldwater -- Paul supporters often take what he says as gospel . Walking around a Paul campaign event is somewhat like a lesson in American political constituencies . Though Paul is a Republican with Libertarian ideals , many of his followers do not fit that mold . There are common Republicans and Democrats who find Paul engaging and of course you find Independents and Libertarians . But you also find a large group of people who identify as members of the Constitution Party , the Green Party and many with no party affiliation . He has appealed to actor Vince Vaughn -- "  his principles are based in fact and logic which is rooted in the foundation of America , " said Vaughn -- and singer Kelly Clarkson -- "  I love Ron Paul , " tweeted Clarkson . Former Minnesota Gov. Jesse Ventura , an independent , said , "  I want somebody that will shock the status quo , and Ron Paul will do that . " As the primary season rolls on and Paul is still looking for his first contest win , the odds of a Paul presidency look bleak . Paul is also up against an RNC rule , Rule 40 , that states a candidate must have received a plurality of votes in five states in order to even be considered at the convention . Paul has yet to receive a plurality in one state . If not Ron Paul , then who ? Last time around , on June 12 , 2008 , Paul dropped out of the 2008 presidential race , leaving his supporters to find another candidate . Though Paul went on to support the Rev. Chuck Baldwin of the Constitution Party , his followers dispersed -- some voting for Obama , some for McCain and some not at all . Looking to the general election , Paul 's supporters are skeptical of whom to vote for if Paul does n't win the nomination . "  If tomorrow Ron Paul says , ' I changed my mind and let 's go with Mitt Romney , ' I will not do that , " said David Chen , a hairstylist from Lancaster , Pennsylvania . "  I really ca n't say right now , " said Daniel Osoreo , a graduate student at New York University . "  It is a very difficult choice because I am very loyal to Dr. Paul . " Back near the stage , Williams and Kline are even more soaked than they were before . When asked about the political diversity in a Paul crowd -- his campaign enthusiastically estimated about 4,300 people were at the Philadelphia rally , but on the scene , it appeared the real number was about half that -- Williams says that is the point of Paul 's appeal . "  We are too focused on dividing ourselves into little pockets , " Williams said . "  We are all hyphenated Americans rather than being just Americans . We focus too much on what makes us different . " In George Washington 's farewell address , the first president touched upon a trend he was observing in American politics -- the formation of political parties . He saw America dividing into factions , so he warned against it . "  The alternate domination of one faction over another , sharpened by the spirit of revenge natural to party dissention , which in different ages & countries has perpetrated the most horrid enormities , is itself a frightful despotism , " Washington said . In the eyes of his supporters , Paul is now playing that role of checking the domination by one party over another . "  I think the fire he has ignited is still going to keep burning in the hearts of people who love liberty and this country and are really tired of both sides of the political spectrum behaving in such an extreme fashion , " Williams concluded . Even though the odds are long , the rain is hard and the nomination process is becoming a slog , Paul supporters have their candidate . They may vote for someone else if he drops out , but while Paul remains a presidential hopeful , hope will spring eternal .	Ron Paul 's supporters are avid , even though his chances now are practically zero now Paul has yet to win a state contest and has amassed only an estimated 76 delegates Still , supporters believe in the principles and movement he represents
CNN  -- A former mayor in Rwanda has been convicted of genocide and extermination as a crime against humanity over the deaths of 2,000 Tutsis during the country 's 1994 genocide , the U.N.-backed International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda said Thursday . Former Kivumu mayor Gregoire Ndahimana served as a leading facilitator and commander in the slaughter of Tutsis in Kivumu , where an estimated 4,000 Tutsis were murdered , according to the ICTR 's Summary of Judgment . According to the judgment , Ndahimana was present during a massacre at the Nyange Catholic church where 2,000 Tutsis died over 10 days from 6 April 1994 to 16 April 1994 , in one of the bloodiest sites of the genocide . His presence "  had an encouraging effect on the principal perpetrators , " particularly because he was an authority figure , the tribunal found , ruling that he "  aided and abetted genocide . " Ndahimana was also found guilty of "  extermination as a crime against humanity by aiding and abetting as well as by virtue of his command responsibility over communal police in Kivumu , " the judgment said . Ndahimana was sentenced by a majority of the Trial Chamber 's three-judge panel to a single sentence of 15 years imprisonment , the ICTR said , with credit for two years already served . "  The Chamber has considered the gravity of each of the crimes for which Ndahimana has been convicted , " the judgment said . Gruesome reports by survivors and other witnesses accused Ndahimana of joining local police and a priest in ordering assailants to bulldoze Nyange church , killing 2,000 Tutsi refugees who had sought sanctuary there . A majority of the judges ruled that Ndahimana was present during the demolition of the church , but did not find it proven that he instigated or supervised the attacks . A trained agronomist , Ndahimana served as "  bourgmestre " of Kivumu , a commune in the prefecture of Kibuye near Lake Kivu . According to a United Nations study , at least 59,050 people , or 12.4 % of the Kibuye population , were killed during the genocide , accounting for more than three-quarters of the prefecture 's Tutsi population . The Rwandan genocide was triggered by the April 6 , 1994 , shooting down of a plane carrying the nation 's Hutu president . Ethnic violence erupted and Tutsis were killed systematically by Hutus over the course of three months . The United Nations estimates that some 200,000 people participated in the perpetration of the Rwandan genocide . In all , some 800,000 men , women , and children -- mostly Tutsis but also moderate Hutus -- died .	Gregoire Ndahimana was mayor of Kivumu at the time of the 1994 genocide He was accused of involvement in a massacre at a church in which 2,000 people died The judges find him guilty of aiding and abetting genocide and extermination Some 800,000 people , mostly ethnic Tutsis , were killed in the three-month bloodletting
Nigerians took to the streets Thursday to demand the government do more to rescue scores of girls abducted by militants more than two weeks ago . Militants seized about 230 girls in the dead of the night at a high school in the nation 's far northeast , a hotbed for Islamist group Boko Haram . Armed men herded the girls out of bed and forced them into trucks on April 14 in the town of Chibok . The convoy of trucks then disappeared into the dense forest bordering Cameroon . Roughly 200 girls are still missing , although the authorities and parents differ on the number . Nigerians have rallied for days to criticize the government 's handling of the rescue efforts . Hundreds wept and chanted "  bring back our girls " during protests in the capital of Abuja on Wednesday . A day later , protesters gathered in Lagos . Shortly after the abductions last month , frustrated Chibok residents went into the forest in motorbikes to search for the girls . During their nine-hour trek , they never saw a single soldier in the forest where authorities believe the militants took the girls , said Enoch Mark , whose daughter and two nieces were among the kidnapped . "  A total of 230 parents registered the names of their daughters who were missing on the day of the kidnap , " said Asabe Kwambura , principal of the Government Girls Secondary School . "  From my records , 43 girls have so far escaped on their own from their kidnappers . We still have 187 girls missing . " Boko Haram still holding Nigerian school girls captive Angry relatives In Chibok , angry parents accused authorities of playing politics with the lives of their children . Witnesses have seen militants in dozens of vehicles headed to nearby Cameroon , said Ayuba Alamson , whose two nieces were among the kidnapped . In a statement Thursday , Nigeria 's Defense Ministry said it 's committed to the search . "  A lot of information has been received in the efforts at securing the freedom of the girls . The armed forces assures all Nigerians that it will continue to appraise every information received during this operation accordingly , " it said . . "  While it will not relent in its efforts in this search , the armed forces is mindful of the fact that some of the information with which it has been inundated are actually a ploy to distract it from its goal of dealing with terrorism and other violent crimes aimed at crippling the nation . " What is Boko Haram ? Borno state Education Commissioner Musa Inuwa Kubo similarly said that the government and military are doing whatever it takes to secure their release . "  This is a delicate situation that requires careful handling , " Kubo said . "  When you have heavily armed men holding close to 200 girls hostage , you have to be very careful in your approach so as not to risk the safety of these girls you want to rescue . He said authorities are withholding information for safety reasons . "  It is a security issue and we just ca n't be divulging all the efforts we are making to get these girls freed , " the education commissioner said . Why terror group kidnaps schoolgirls , and what happens next #BringBackOurGirls But angry Nigerians said authorities are not doing enough . They took to social media using hashtags #BringBackOurGirls and #BringBackOurDaughters to demand more from the government . David Peter , a sound engineer , music producer and recording artist in Lagos , sent CNN an iReport in which he calls on the government to do more . "  If you 're not safe anywhere in the world , you should be safe in your house , in your own back yard . We mandate the federal government to bring back our daughters , and our children , " he said . Boko Haram 's name translates to "  Western education is a sin " in the local language . The group especially opposes the education of women . Under its version of Sharia law , women should be at home raising children and looking after their husbands , not at school learning to read and write . Rights groups say the militants kidnap girls to perform chores and sexual services . A bloody insurgency , a growing challenge Opinion : Why no international effort for 200 kidnapped girls ?	"  We mandate the federal government to bring back our daughters , " musician says Armed men herded the girls out of bed and forced them into trucks on April 14 The convoy of trucks disappears into the dense forest bordering Cameroon Angry parents accuse authorities of playing politics with the lives of their children
CNN  -- When an earthquake hit Haiti in 2010 a quarter of a million people lost their lives , homes were flattened and communities torn apart . The capital Port-au-Prince became a sea of devastation in which shelter was hard to find . Those affected flocked to find safe ground . Amid the chaos , the Sylvio Cator stadium became a makeshift refuge for those hordes rendered homeless by the disaster . Thousands poured through the gates at the national home of soccer , seeking sanctuary on turf that usually only plays the role of host for 90 minutes at a time . A year on from the disaster some 7,000 people still live in and around the stadium , a grim reality replicated on nearly every green space in the rubble-strewn city . But slowly , soccer -- like the community it represents -- is starting to reassert itself . The scene is still far from normal as helicopters laden with medical supplies use the pitch -- once the preserve of players only -- to land and take off from . For the man charged with trying to rebuild the country 's decimated football community , it provides yet another challenge to etch onto an exhausting list . Haiti 's Football Federation  HFF  president , Yves Jean-Bart , recalls how the earthquake that brought the country to its knees spared nothing for the beautiful game . "  Our national headquarters collapsed in just a few seconds , " he told CNN . "  Of the 50 people present at the time of the earthquake one dozen were injured and 32 found dead . "  We also lost inventories of national equipment ; the federation 's archives were not recovered . Our trophies , the awards we have received throughout the history of the federation , pictures of witnesses of our glorious years were not found in the rubble . It was a complete disaster . "  On top of it all , right after the earthquake all fields were occupied by millions of refugees of the earthquake who had lost everything . Currently we no longer have any soccer field that we can use in Port-au-Prince and surrounding towns for a decent game . " This represents a big problem for the country , whose passion for football is described by soccer 's governing body FIFA as "  amongst the most intense on the planet . " Yet despite the infinite challenges , the HFF have worked tirelessly to get soccer back on its feet and were still able to launch their domestic league and cup tournaments , if a little later than advertised . Just two months after the tragedy , and despite losing their coach Jean-Yves Labaze to the earthquake , Haiti 's under-17 women 's team competed in a qualifying tournament for the World Cup . This courage of purpose saw the team given FIFA 's Fair Play award at a recent ceremony , where the team captain , Hayana Jean Francois , summed up the country 's feeling towards soccer when she told the audience : "  If there was no football , we would be nothing . " It is this enthusiasm that has been the catalyst for recovery according to many , allied with offers of assistance from the likes of Guyana , the United States , England , Qatar , Spain and Canada . English Premier League star and France international Florent Malouda felt moved to visit the country to support the Yele Haiti charity , founded by his friend , hip hop star Wyclef Jean . The Chelsea midfielder was stunned by what he saw . "  We went to Port-au-Prince and it was chaos , " he said . "  People were trying to rebuild their lives but there was no water , no electricity . Some of the first tent camps on the road from the airport had already been destroyed by the wind . "  I wondered how they could live in such difficult conditions . But when you spoke to people you could feel that , no matter what happens , they were still positive and they still believed in life . It was really inspiring . " For Malouda , Haiti 's love for soccer remains despite the crisis : "  I 'd say football must be their second religion . They know everything about football . They just love it . That 's the power of football . It 's all about joy and passion , and it lets them forget their problems . " FIFA have been at the forefront of the international aid effort , donating $ 3.25 million , and its president , Sepp Blatter , told CNN : "  One year after the earthquake , we have not forgotten about Haiti and we are still committed to supporting them . "  We know that football remains a contributor to the positive spirit of many youngsters in Haiti , and that it can bring some hope for them in these difficult times . " The tragedy galvanized the international football community and help flooded in from companies such as Digicel , Adidas , Walt Disney and German television station SAT-EIN . Plans to bring the crumbling Sylvio Cator stadium back up to scratch are in motion and construction of a new headquarters for the HFF has already begun . Once completed it will be a particularly poignant reminder of Dr Jean-Bart 's colleagues who were entombed in the previous HFF hub . "  We held a memorial service for our colleagues who did not make it in April on the site of our collapsed headquarters , an extremely moving ceremony , " he explained . "  On our new website as well as our new headquarters we will have a special place dedicated to their memory , but we know it will never be enough to demonstrate our gratitude for all that they have done for soccer . " The HFF has n't replaced any of those who were lost , and now operates with a threadbare staff , but thanks to help from around the world Dr Jean-Bart says the future is dominated by hope . "  Overall , we would say that it is thanks to all the 208 associations of FIFA , who showed us their support and affection that we never felt alone throughout this long journey . "  Since 2003 we 've been going from one catastrophe to the next . Personally , I never imagined that there was so much solidarity in our family , such a passion to get back on track , everyday I see that the courage and the willpower is getting stronger and stronger . "  What we are most satisfied with is being able to keep doing of all our activities just like before the quake . We are extremely proud of being able to get back up and handling every situation going on in our country . "  Haiti never really had much except for talent and the passion for soccer . "	Haitian soccer is slowly rebuilding after the devastating earthquake of January 2010 The country 's football federation headquarters were flattened and 32 officials killed Aid has poured in from soccer 's governing body FIFA and nations around the world Haiti under-17 women 's captain says : ` If there was no football , we would be nothing . '
Washington  CNN  -- A free speech dispute over a California law banning sale of violent video games to children will go to the Supreme Court for review . The justices Monday accepted the state 's appeal and will decide whether the law is too restrictive in denying access by minors to often-graphic material . Video-game makers say the ban goes too far . They say the existing nationwide , industry-imposed , voluntary ratings system is an adequate screen for parents to judge the appropriateness of computer games . The state says it has a legal obligation to protect children when the industry has failed to do so . At issue is how far constitutional protections of free speech and expression , as well as due process , can be applied to youngsters . Critics of the law say the government would in effect be engaged in the censorship business , using "  community standards " to evaluate artistic and commercial content . Oral arguments will be held in the fall . A federal appeals court in San Francisco , California , tossed out the law before it took effect , after Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger signed it in 2005 . He applauded the high court 's decision to intervene . "  We have a responsibility to our kids and our communities to protect against the effects of games that depict ultraviolent actions , just as we already do with movies , " the governor said . The legislation was designed to strengthen the current rating system , and would have placed an outright ban on the sale or rental to those under 18 of games deemed excessively violent . As defined by California , such interactive games are those in which the player is given the choice of "  killing , maiming , dismembering or sexually assaulting an image of a human being " in offensive ways . Retailers could be fined up to $ 1,000 for any violation . The gaming industry sued in federal court and won an injunction halting enforcement of the law until the courts sort out the constitutional questions . In a written statement , Michael Gallagher , president of the Entertainment Software Association , said he is hopeful his industry will prevail and "  the court will reject California 's invitation to break from these settled principles by treating depictions of violence , especially those in creative works , as unprotected by the First Amendment . " The motion picture industry has its own self-monitoring ratings system , imposed decades ago after complaints that some films were too explicit for general audiences in what was seen and heard . The gaming industry says its ratings system roughly follows the same self-imposed guidelines , and ratings are clearly labeled on the packaging . The state argued it was responding to parents ' complaints that too much violent material -- including gruesome battles to the death between on-screen competitors and adversaries -- was being viewed and played by minors . Officials claimed the current ratings system is not adequate in filtering out the controversial content , and that underage teens have been able to buy "  M-rated " games designed only for mature , or adult , players . Lawmakers also said there is a "  causal connection " between access to such games and psychological or other harm to children . In their petition to the high court , state lawyers cited studies showing children who repeatedly watch on-screen games can become more aggressive , antisocial , and less able to distinguish the consequences of violence in real life . Similar efforts in other states to restrict gaming content have been rejected by various courts . The Supreme Court in recent years has thwarted repeated congressional attempts to protect children from pornography , saying legislation went too far in limiting adult access to explicit , but lawful , sexual content on the internet . And the justices last week threw out a federal law limiting the sale of graphic videos of animal cruelty . The court has also said in a variety of contexts that minors enjoy a variety of free-expression rights . The case is Schwarzenegger v. Entertainment Merchants  08-1448  .	Supreme Court to rule on California law banning sales of some video games to minors Game makers say their voluntary ratings system is all that 's needed to guide parents State says it must protect children because industry has n't Law bans sales to kids of games where player can kill , maim , rape other characters
CNN  -- Nearly six years after he escaped from prison , one of the U.S. Marshals Service 's 15 Most Wanted fugitives has been extradited from Mexico and returned to that same prison , according to the federal agency . Convicted child killer Edward Salas was serving time for murder when he escaped from the Curry County Detention Center in Clovis , New Mexico , in 2008 . At the time of his escape , Salas was serving a life sentence plus 56 years for his role in the murder of a 10-year-old boy , the Marshals Service said in a press release issued Saturday . Mexican authorities arrested Salas in October 2012 on a U.S. provisional arrest request . The Marshals Service worked closely with the Curry County District Attorney 's office , Mexican authorities and the Department of Justice 's Office of International Affairs , which resulted in Salas ' return to Curry County on Saturday , according to the release . In 2005 Salas , with two of his brothers and two other people , planned to murder a teen named Ruben Perez in his home , reportedly in retaliation for an argument at Clovis High School . Instead , they killed the teen 's brother , Carlos Perez , who was sleeping in the same bedroom . Carlos Perez died the day before his 11th birthday , the Marshals Service said .	Edward Salas was convicted for his role in the 2005 murder of a 10-year-old in New Mexico He was serving a life sentence plus 56 years when he escaped , Marshal 's Service says Salas has been returned to the Curry County Detention Center
CNN  -- In these eco-conscious times , there are few areas of life that have not been touched by the drive to go green , and golf is no exception . Justin Timberlake has been an advocate of eco-golf at his course in Tennessee . The trend for environmentally friendly golf is rocketing with celebrities such as Justin Timberlake taking up the cause in unveiling one of the world 's top eco-golf courses earlier this year . His club , the Mirimichi Golf Course in Tennessee is the first in the country to be designated as a certified Audubon International Classic Sanctuary , re-using 80 percent of the energy it produces . Next month Stockholm will host one of the largest meetings of American and European golf clubs to decide how the game can become more environmentally and socially responsible . Living Golf looks at a selection of some of the best eco-equipment making our greens even greener . The recyclable golf ball : Every club player will be familiar with the age-old problem of losing golf balls -- but what happens to the collection of wayward balls once the search is over ? Dixon Golf are asking for their customers to recycle their balls . It is estimated 300 million golf balls are discarded in the United States alone , every year -- that is enough balls to create a solid line from Los Angeles to London and back . Dixon Golf are encouraging golfers to recycle their lost and found by offering a dollar for each ball that is returned to their recycling centers throughout the US and in over 15 countries worldwide . "  We 're getting the word out there . We do n't have the advertising revenue of -LSB- bigger -RSB- companies but the more people know , the more they chose our eco-friendly balls . "  We 're also developing our first prototype putter made entirely from recycled crushed golf balls , " said company owner Mike Carey . The solar-powered cart : Ever felt like your golf cart could do with that extra bit of oomph ? Well , SolarDrive sun-powered , solar-paneled golf cart could be the answer . The SolarDrive sun-powered car - an energy solution for the future ? By recharging itself throughout the day , the cart can work in drizzly and damp conditions -- which could be good news for golf lovers in rain-soaked Britain and sun-baked Abu Dhabi alike . The design has proved so popular that golf clubs such as the Jockey Club Kau Sai Chau Public Golf Course in Hong Kong and Sebonack Golf Club in the United States have recently converted entire fleets to use the power of the sun . General Manager at Sebonack Mark Hissey says it has been a great move for the club : "  First , it 's a wonderful idea and second they look fantastic . Plus they 're financially better for us to run , saving us over two-thirds on our electrical costs . " Large-scale gated communities in the UEA are also reportedly keen to use the carts as a more environmentally-friendly alternatives to gas-run vehicles . The biodegradable tee : A littered tee box may be a thing of the past with the biodegradable golf tee . Manufacturers XT-1 believe they are saving over 100 , 000 trees with their nifty corn based tee . The manufacturers of the XT-1 claim it will biodegrade within three months . Unlike wooden tees which take up to two years to degrade , XT-1s take just two to three months by way of an interesting eco-system . Once the tee comes in contact with the soil , the corn-based product is attacked by incredibly small microbes  or micro-bugs  that eat away at the tee to corrode the core . A slightly unusual method perhaps but an effective one , as sales in the last few years have soared . Manager Alan Berry told CNN : "  We 're gaining interest all over the world -- Australia , the Middle-East , Europe and the States . Our sales figures speak for themselves . "	New developments in golf show that the sport has a drive to go green Dixon Golf aim to recycle some of 300 million discarded balls in the U.S. SolarDrive can convert golf carts so they can run off the power of the sun XT-1 have developed a golf tee that can biodegrade in just three months
CNN  -- If you want to earn big bucks as a sportsman then Europe is the place to be . Playing American football , baseball or basketball in the United States has often been thought of as the way to earn top dollar , but not any more , according to a new survey . So if you are a star in need of a bumper pay rise then hotfoot to Manchester City , which is the best paid team in global sport , according to Sporting Intelligence 's Global Sports Salaries Survey for 2014 , compiled in association with ESPN The Magazine . According to the report , which looked at 294 teams in 15 leagues in 12 countries across seven different sports , the average first-team player to ply their trade at the English Premier League club earns $ 8,969,407 per year , or $ 172,488 per week . American baseball outfits New York Yankees and Los Angeles Dodgers are ranked second and third -- with annual salaries of $ 8,882,746 and $ 8,603,482 respectively -- but six of the top 10 teams surveyed are from Europe . The Yankees held the coveted top spot in 2010 , when the inaugural survey was conducted , with its players earning an average of $ 7.89 million per year . However , Europe is now the dominant force after Barcelona ousted the Yankees in 2011 , with an average of $ 8.2 million per year , before holding onto the position for the following year . By 2013 , City had become the best paid team in global sport -- and their players ' salaries show no sign of stagnating . "  The perception in the past has always been that sports players in America can earn the major bucks , " Sporting Intelligence editor Nick Harris told CNN . "  But what this survey shows is that actually Europe can also pay those big bucks and has the ability to compete with America . " Perhaps the biggest misconception when it comes to wages in sport is that NFL players take home some of the heftiest pay packets . Although that may be true to some extent -- Drew Brees of the New Orleans Saints made the top five of Forbes ' "  World 's Highest Paid Athletes " list last year -- the reality is that the majority of players are not so lucky . "  In the NFL , each team has about 100 players , with around 53 on their active roster , yet only two or three or so will earn $ 20 million a year . The rest will be paid $ 400,000 to $ 1 million a year , " Harris said . "  The majority of people , if you ask them which sport have the best paid teams , will say NFL because of the Super Bowl and College Football -- it 's huge . "  But most do n't know that is not the case as not everyone is well paid . The majority are not . "  This is the reason Sporting Intelligence started this survey . To compare different sports and demonstrate these misconceptions surrounding the different sports . " Bumper TV deal In contrast , City have the cash to be able to afford to pay the majority of their players a higher wage , rather than just a select few . However , the NBA is the highest paying league as a whole -- 441 players at 30 teams in the 2013-14 season each earned an average of $ 5 million per year -- with the MLB in third . The English Premier League , meanwhile , sits fourth , with Spain 's La Liga languishing in ninth . Why , then , the dominance of European football clubs when it comes to paying their players ? "  Billionaires help fuel wages , " Harris said . "  Roman Abramovich has spent around $ 1.67 billion since arriving at Chelsea in 2003 , while there has been a net spend of $ 1.67 billion on transfers and wages at Manchester City since Sheikh Mansour 's arrival in 2008 . "  As for other Premier League clubs , TV money has driven wage inflation . It has done so in elite European football and in England since the early 1990s and particularly in the last decade . And it is continuing to rise . " Last year the Premier League sold its broadcasting rights to Sky and BT in a record-breaking deal worth around $ 4.98 billion , while overseas TV deals brought in another $ 3.35 billion . That in turn allowed City to pay the likes of Yaya Toure and Sergio Aguero so handsomely , while making its first-team players the best paid in sport .	A new survey finds Manchester City is the best paid team in global sport The average City first-team player earns Â # 5,337,944 per year , or Â # 102,653 per week Survey analyzed 294 teams in 15 leagues in 12 countries across seven different sports
CNN Student News  -- May 15 , 2009 Where in the World ? You 've heard many different places mentioned this week on CNN Student News . Show you know your news by identifying the location described in each clue . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . This country , whose general election lasts for a month , is considered the world 's largest democracy . * * 2 . Russia celebrated its defeat of Nazi Germany with Victory Day parades in this city . * * 3 . Journalist Roxana Saberi was freed from imprisonment in this country . * * 4 . Pope Benedict XVI became the first pope to visit this country in nine years . * * 5 . This is the location on the earth 's surface directly above where an earthquake begins . * * 6 . A small team from Operation Blessing helped this earthquake-ravaged town in China 's Sichuan Province rebuild . * * 7 . Graduating seniors at Dillard University , Xavier University and other colleges in this U.S. city were displaced as freshmen due to Hurricane Katrina . * * 8 . This Afghan capital 's only college for music has reopened . * * 9 . Controversy surrounds a scheduled commencement speech by President Barack Obama at this Catholic university . * * 10 . According to a report by RealtyTrac , this state led the U.S. in foreclosures in April . * *	You 've heard many different places mentioned this week on CNN Student News Show you know your news by identifying the location described in each clue Write your answers in the space provided
CNN  -- At least 24 people have been killed and hundreds rendered homeless in the worst floods to hit land-locked Mongolia in 40 years , emergency officials said Tuesday . The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies said it was working with local authorities to distribute emergency goods to the flood-ravaged victims . Workers fear that without adequate food and shelter , the situation would worsen when winter arrives in three months , said Francis Markus of the Red Cross . The floods struck last week in the Asian nation 's capital , Ulaanbaatar , and a province in the west . It was the worst to hit the country since 1966 , Markus said . See images of flood victims " The government issued televised broadcasts ahead of the rainstorms but many children and elderly could not be evacuated in time , Markus said .	Red Cross working with local authorities to distribute aid to flood victims Relief workers say winter poses major threat unless food and shelter in place Government warned of floods but many people could not be evacuated in time
CNN  -- Did Andi Dorfman choose wisely with her final rose ? At the very least she chose geographically , as the Atlanta-based former assistant district attorney selected former baseball player Josh Murray , who also lives in her city . No long-distance romance for this pair , but plenty of speculation about whether their engagement will actually result in a marriage . Left holding his heart in his hand was Chicago-based businessman Nick Viall , who was dumped in a very nontraditional "  Bachelorette " way . Instead of waiting for the final rose ceremony , Dorfman went to his room and broke the news to him . "  Honestly , the last date , I wanted to just have fun and relax , and hard as I tried I could n't do that with you . ... With you I overanalyze everything , " Dorfman told him . "  A life with you would be overanalyzing every single moment . " That left Murray to receive the final rose after a few minutes of "  suspense . " But the real drama came during the live "  After the Rose " show , in which Viall questioned Dorfman 's decision in light of some of the moments fans did n't see on camera . "  If you were n't in love with me , " he said , "  I 'm just not sure why you made love to me . " Thus went another "  Bachelor/Bachelorette " unspoken "  tradition " in that much can be hinted at -- but contestants are never , ever to spill the sexual beans . Viall kept it classy on social media , tweeting about Dorfman and Murray , "  Congratulations to @AndiDorfman and @jmurbulldog on their engagement . Wishing you both incredible happiness . #TheBachelorette #Bachelorette . " Despite the sighs heard round the world by Viall fans , there is speculation that the next "  Bachelor " will be fan favorite Iowa farmer Chris Soules , who won many in the audience over with his sweetness and good looks . What do you think ? Are Dorfman and Murray meant to be ? Will they go the distance ?	Dorfman had to choose between Josh Murray and Nick Viall She broke one 's heart before the actual ceremony There is speculation about the next "  Bachelor "
The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane will be entering a new phase that will use private contractors and may cost about $ 60 million , Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Monday . "  I regret to say that thus far none of our efforts in the air , on the surface or under sea , have found any wreckage , " he said . The new phase will focus on searching the ocean floor over a much larger area -- 60,000 square kilometers , a process that will take about six to eight months . "  We do not want this crippling cloud of uncertainty to hang over this family and the wider traveling public , " he said . It is "  highly unlikely " that any debris will be found on the ocean surface , Abbott said . By this time , most of the debris will have become waterlogged and will have submerged , he said . As such , authorities will be suspending aerial searches . Words of praise Malaysia 's government has been widely criticized over its handling of the search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 and disclosures of its investigations . But on Sunday , U.S. President Barack Obama had words of praise during a visit to the southeast Asian country . He said the Malaysian government has been "  forthcoming " with the United States about the information it has . "  The Malaysian government is working tirelessly to recover the aircraft and investigate exactly what happened , " Obama told reporters . He reiterated that the United States would continue to aid in the search and offered condolences to loved ones of those lost . Narrowed search nears end Obama 's visit came as the initial search by the Bluefin-21 neared its end . The submersible , which is on contract to the U.S. Navy , had been scouring the ocean floor for traces of the plane . Previously , another device , a towed pinger locator , detected signals that officials believed were from the jet 's flight recorders , which determined the current search area for the Bluefin . The plane disappeared on March 8 after leaving Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , for Beijing . Preliminary report Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak has said a preliminary report on the plane 's disappearance will be available to the public next week . He also asked an internal investigation team to look into what other information may be released publicly next week , his office said . The report has been sent to the International Civil Aviation Organization , the U.N. body for global aviation , but not yet made available to the public . The U.N. organization said among the safety recommendations in the report is a suggestion by Malaysia that the aviation world needs to look at real-time tracking of commercial aircraft . It 's the same recommendation that was made after Air France Flight 447 went down in the Atlantic Ocean in 2009 . "  Anytime there is a tragedy like this , we ought to also reflect on what can be done going forward to prevent something similar from happening again , " Obama said . "  That discussion has begun in Malaysia and around the world , and we 'll see what improvements might be recommended to continue improving aviation security . One thing is already clear , however , is that large international efforts like this search operation benefit from existing partnerships among nations . " Why did n't emergency beacon work ?	New phase will take about six to eight months Authorities will be suspending aerial searches Bluefin-21 starts its 15th mission to search for missing plane 's remains Sunday air and sea search suspended because of weather
Tour bus driver Rasoul Mousavi has been seeing less and less of his wife this month . Mousavi says a sharp increase in tourists has kept him so busy that for four nights in a row he did something his wife does n't like very much -- he showed up late for dinner . "  My wife is n't very happy but during the past few years , I 've rarely seen it this busy , " Mousavi said . "  Thank God it 's getting better . We 're getting more tourists . " Mousavi 's heavy workload comes amid a push by Iran 's new president Hassan Rouhani to attract more foreign travelers to Iran , home to some of the world 's oldest civilizations and historical sites that date back several thousand years . Iranian officials have announced plans to ease visa requirements for most foreign visitors within the next several months . According to state media , once the new visa guidelines are in place , tourists from most countries will be able to pick up their visas on arrival , with the exception of travelers from at least ten countries -- including the U.S. and the UK . Iran used to be a top destination in the region , but the 1979 Iranian revolution delivered a huge blow to the tourism industry . The number of tourists dropped sharply , due in large part to Iran 's political and economic isolation and warnings by Western governments that Iran was a rogue and dangerous nation led by a radical regime President Rouhani is clearly looking to leave a more positive impression on the international community with a campaign to solve Iran 's nuclear dispute and improve relations with the West . According to the Iranian Cultural Heritage , Tourism , and Handicrafts Organization , Iran attracted roughly four million tourists last year and generated about $ 8 billion in revenue . Tourism officials predict less restrictive visa guidelines and Rouhani 's policy of moderation will help those numbers increase significantly . "  The number of tourists has been increasing day by day and we 're feeling the increase , " says Mohammad Eslami , a tour guide for the Tehran-based Azadi International Tourism Organization . On a typical day in Tehran it 's not hard to find tour buses filled with tourists weaving through the capital 's historic neighborhoods . "  People are amazingly warm and generous here . It 's been a wonderful , " says Ryan Hendricks , who is visiting Iran with his wife and daughter from the Netherlands . "  What we see of Iran on TV news is not true , " says Finnish tourist Janna Kauppinn . "  This is a country full of history with wonderful people and amazing food . " The apparent comeback in Iran 's tourism industry could mean more late nights for Mousavi . But the tour bus driver says that as long as tourists keep coming and helping the economy and leaving with fond memories , that 's perfectly fine with him and his wife . "  I really shed tears of joy because they come here and see Iran , and they leave with pride , " he says .	Long-isolated Iran to ease visa requirements amid tourism boom Iran 's new president Rouhani has struck a moderate tone with West since taking office Tourism workers in Iran say numbers of visitors "  increasing day by day "
CNN  -- The world 's chocolate makers may specialize in delivering a sweet taste but the government of the Ivory Coast is seeking to address what it sees as the bitter treatment of the farmers who grow the industry 's raw materials . The West African nation was the world 's biggest cocoa producer -- which is the main ingredient in chocolate -- between 2009 and 2010 , rearing some 1.19 million tons of the crop according to the International Cocoa Organization  ICCO  . Thanks to a mixture of price volatility , internal instability within the Ivory Coast and a lack of protection from speculators however , an ever smaller portion of the billions of dollars of annual revenue the industry creates finds its way back to the country 's farmers . While this set up may benefit cocoa buyers and chocolate companies , non profits such as the International Cocoa Initiative  ICI  have claimed that it forces farmers to pay low wages and encourages exploitative practices such as child labor . Bittersweet times for Ivory Coast 's cocoa industry But according to Sangafowa Coulibaly , the Ivory Coast 's agriculture minister , central government efforts are now being made to make the cocoa production process fairer and more profitable for farmers . "  The profits made from the sale of cocoa have unfortunately not been beneficial enough to the farmers because of poor governance , " he says . Coulibaly highlights the fact that farmers receive around a 40 % share in the price of the cocoa they grow . This , he claims , is not commensurate with the costs the process incurs and in the coming years he hopes to see this figure rise to 60 % . He also blames the country 's former president , Laurent Gbagbo -- who refused to concede defeat in elections in October 2010 , leading to a six month long standoff before he was finally forced from power by military force -- for slowing reforms that will benefit the country 's cocoa growers . Now that the political infighting is over and a new government in place however , Coulibaly says that changes will be made to ensure the long term viability of one of the country 's most integral industries . "  Things can only get better , " he says . "  The political crisis is behind us -- the armed conflict is behind us . Ivory Coast has become a country that aspires to be stable , " he adds . With the Ivory Coast contributing to roughly 40 % of global cocoa produce alone , such clear intentions of creating a durable and equitable production process should be good news for the world 's chocolate companies , as well as the country 's cocoa farmers . But while Coulibaly is adamant that the central government is genuine in its attempts to help farmers , his words are met with a wary skepticism by those at the sharp end of the debate . Toure Dramane is a farmer and owner of a cocoa co-op deep within the Ivory Coast 's rural hinterland . He says that unless real changes are made to ensure farmers are paid a fair price for their produce they will be forced to employ children and pay low wages , which in turn will create a variety of long term social and humanitarian problems . The human cost of chocolate "  It 's not our choice ; it 's imposed on us , " he says of the price he receives for his cocoa produce . "  We ca n't transform it . We produce it and we sell . We get the price that is imposed on us . We ca n't do it any other way . " Dramane says that promises of reform to make cocoa farming fairer and more profitable have been made many times before . He cites a pledge made by the world 's leading chocolate companies to help end child labor almost a decade ago . " -LSB- But -RSB- in ten years , nothing has been done at all " to address this issue he says , ensuring he remains suspicious about the new government 's proclamations no matter how good they sound . With previous broken promises in mind , Dramane adds that he will reserve judgment about whether conditions will be any different or fairer for farmers until he sees the price he receives for his next harvest .	The Ivory Coast is the world 's biggest cocoa producer The country 's agriculture minister says he wants to make cocoa production fairer for farmers Cocoa farmers are skeptical about government talks of reform
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- An emotional Oscar Pistorius apologized Monday to the family of Reeva Steenkamp , the girlfriend he killed on Valentine 's Day last year , saying he woke up thinking of them and praying for them every day . "  I would like to take this opportunity to apologize -- to Mr. and Mrs. Steenkamp , to Reeva 's family -- to those who are here today who knew her , " Pistorius said as he took the stand for the first time at his murder trial . "  I ca n't imagine the pain and the sorrow and the emptiness that I have caused you and your family . ... I can promise you that when she went to bed that night , she felt loved , " he said , his voice breaking as if he was fighting back tears . It was the first time he has spoken in public about Steenkamp 's death , which he says was an accident . He pleaded not guilty to murder when the high-profile trial opened last month . Steenkamp 's mother , June , sat stony-faced in court as South Africa 's onetime Olympic golden boy choked out his statement . Judge Thokozile Masipa also betrayed no emotion as Pistorius spoke but did once ask him to talk louder , saying she could hardly hear him . Monday was the first day of the defense phase of the trial , following three weeks of prosecution in March . Pistorius , who says he mistook Steenkamp for an intruder in his house in the dark , testified that he has been suffering nightmares since the killing and wakes up smelling blood . He told the Pretoria court that he is afraid to sleep , and "  if I hear noise , I wake up just in a complete state of terror . " He said he is on medication , including an antidepressant and sleeping aids . Earlier , the first defense witness , pathologist Jan Botha , talked about the wounds Steenkamp suffered when Pistorius shot her and about when she last ate . The South African amputee sprinter put his head in his hands as Botha said that the shot that hit Steenkamp 's arm was "  akin to a traumatic amputation " and that she died "  fairly quickly after sustaining the head wound . " Botha went first because of "  family health reasons , " Roux said , breaking with the South African legal custom of the defendant testifying first . He said Botha was the only defense witness who will go "  out of order . " Childhood remembered Pistorius , 27 , is accused of intentionally murdering Steenkamp , 29 . The defense team will call 14 to 17 witnesses , Barry Roux , Pistorius ' lead lawyer , said as he opened his case . The prosecution rested its case on March 25 after 15 days and 21 witnesses . Oscar Pistorius on trial : Explore each side 's case Pistorius took the stand late Monday morning after the pathologist finished his testimony . Roux spent much of the day trying to build up a picture of Pistorius as a dedicated athlete , responsible person and devoted Christian who was "  bowled over " by his love for Steenkamp . Pistorius was also prompted to talk about his awareness of crime , including having come to the aid of victims of crime . Talking about his childhood , Pistorius said his mother kept a firearm in a padded bag under her pillow . His father was often not around , and Pistorius said his mother would sometimes wake her children up , thinking they were being burgled . He said she was very supportive of him and "  never made me feel any different from the rest of the kids . " "  Everything I learned in life , I learned from her , " he said . He spoke about her death when he was 15 and attending boarding school . He did not know she was sick until he got a call asking him to come visit her at a hospital , he said . Later , he got a call from doctors telling him to come immediately and arrived when she was on her deathbed . She died 10 minutes after he arrived , Pistorius testified . She had encouraged him to be a normal child and participate in sports despite his disability , he said . Roux took him through his athletic triumphs , including his success as a Paralympic sprinter , but also highlighted times he felt vulnerable or afraid . He was badly injured in a boating accident in 2009 , he said , which left him "  a lot more vigilant about losing my life ... more fearful . " And he said he can not stand still without his prosthetics on . "  I do n't have balance on my stumps , " he said . "  I ca n't stand still on my stumps . " That could be a key to his defense . He says he fired his gun because he would have been unable to defend himself or run away when he heard what he thought was a burglar . Roux asked for court to adjourn for the day about 20 minutes early after Pistorius testified that he did not sleep the previous night . Prosecutor Gerrie Nel seemed to be on the verge of objecting when Masipa intervened , saying , "  He does look exhausted . " The trial is due to resume Tuesday morning . Trial to last until mid-May Pistorius admits that he killed Steenkamp , firing four shots through a closed door in his house in the early hours of February 14 , 2013 . Three hit her , with the last one probably killing her almost instantly , according to the pathologist who performed the autopsy . But Pistorius says he thought she was a nighttime intruder in his pitch-black house and believed he was firing in self-defense . The trial , which began on March 3 , is scheduled to continue until the middle of May . Pistorius first achieved global fame as an outstanding double-amputee sprinter who ran with special prostheses that earned him the nickname "  Blade Runner . " Masipa will decide the verdict in collaboration with two experts called assessors . South Africa does not have jury trials . In South Africa , premeditated murder carries a mandatory life sentence with a minimum of 25 years in prison . Pistorius also could get five years for each of two unrelated gun indictments and 15 years for a firearms charge he also faces . If he is n't convicted of premeditated murder , the sprinter could face a lesser charge of culpable homicide , a crime based on negligence . The sentence for culpable homicide is at the judge 's discretion . Reeva to Oscar Pistorius : ` I 'm scared of you sometimes ' Gory details lend Oscar Pistorius trial a ` CSI ' flavor Ex-police commander 's testimony aids defense at Oscar Pistorius ' murder trial CNN 's Richard Allen Greene reported and wrote from London ; Nicola Goulding reported from Pretoria , South Africa ; and Emily Smith reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian and legal analyst Kelly Phelps contributed to this report .	Oscar Pistorius starts with apology , saying he can not imagine the pain he caused Defense witness is questioned about Reeva Steenkamp 's wounds , when she last ate Pistorius defense teams will call 14 to 17 witnesses , lawyer Barry Roux says Pistorius says he thought Steenkamp was an intruder and shot in self-defense
Lady Gaga has taken the MTV Video Music Awards stage covered in  fake  blood ; wearing a dress made of meat and as her male alter-ego , Jo Calderone . But at the 2013 MTV VMAs , Miley Cyrus stole Gaga 's outrageous performance crown . While Gaga came equipped with multiple costume - and wig-changes on her side , Cyrus took over the stage with gigantic , dancing bears and more twerking than viewers at home probably knew what to do with . The 20-year-old pop star stepped out onto the stage a ball of energy , wearing a fuzzy gray leotard , as her hit single , "  We Ca n't Stop , " played . An animated and uninhibited performer , Cyrus ' dance moves were a clear departure from her "  Hannah Montana " days .  Meaning , they involved a crotch grab or two . 6 memorable moments from the VMAs When she reached the end of her song , the singer stripped down to a flesh-toned latex bra and matching underwear and began to perform "  Blurred Lines " alongside Robin Thicke . With Cyrus acting as Thicke 's back-up singer and personal dancer , featured guest stars 2 Chainz and Kendrick Lamar went largely unnoticed . "  Miley better get a ... pregnancy test after all of that grinding , " joked comedian Kevin Hart during the show . Miley Cyrus upholds MTV VMAs tradition Those watching on Twitter were n't quite sure how to respond . By far the most common reaction was shock , which Twitter users demonstrated with a photo of Will Smith 's family seated in the VMAs audience apparently during Lady Gaga 's performance .  The image , which can be seen here , ignited a debate all its own . "  J  ust watched that Miley Cyrus / teddy bear performance and I think I 'm now legally required to put myself on some kind of registry , " tweeted Time magazine 's TV critic , James Poniewozik . "  i am still trying to recover from the miley cyrus performance , " posted another viewer . Derek Blasberg was more enthused , tweeting that he was "  obsessed with @MileyCyrus 's performance at the VMA 's . It was like a karaoke party at the Playboy mansion . In the 90 's . In platform sneakers . " Billboard 's Editorial Director , Bill Werde , thinks Cyrus ' show was right on target with the direction she 's taking her brand -- she is , after all , no longer the teen Disney star she once was . "  Guys , Miley Cyrus is an all-star hot mess for a hot mess pop moment , " Werde tweeted . "  She does n't care what u think & that 's her brand . & she just delivered . " The complete list of VMA winners	Miley Cyrus performed "  We Ca n't Stop " at the MTV VMAs The 20-year-old star also performed "  Blurred Lines " with Robin Thicke Her dance moves left some viewers stunned
Washington  CNN  -- Ten years after its formation , the Transportation Security Administration on Wednesday got the type of birthday card no one wants to receive -- a blistering report from Republican lawmakers who said the agency is "  bloated " and "  inefficient " and has done little , if anything , to improve aviation security . Rep. John Mica , R-Florida , a longtime critic who has fought to privatize TSA screening jobs , said Congress never intended the agency it created in November 2001 to "  mushroom " into a workforce of 65,000 employees , "  top heavy " with bureaucrats . "  I can tell you , in our wildest dreams ... no one ever envisioned 4,000 administrative personnel in Washington , D.C. , making on average ... almost $ 104,000 , and then nearly another 10,000 out in the field , " Mica said . But the most scathing comment came from Rep. Paul Broun , R-Georgia . "  Americans have spent nearly $ 60 billion funding TSA and they are no safer today than they were before 9/11 , " Broun said . Pressed on the accuracy of that statement , Broun and Mica said the TSA has never stopped a terrorist attack , and gave credit to private citizens or others for terrorist plots disrupted thus far . "  Unfortunately , the focus has been diverted from security ... into managing a huge bureaucracy , " Mica said . Broun concurred . "  We must focus on identifying terrorists and stopping them instead of patting down grandma and children . And we must stop worrying about political correctness , " he said . "  TSA needs to put their resources into intelligence and technologies that can be more effective when it comes to catching highly elusive and dangerous terrorists . " The lawmakers said they are preparing legislation to reform the TSA . A TSA spokesman called the GOP report "  an unfortunate disservice to the dedicated men and women of TSA who are on the front lines every day protecting the traveling public . " The country 's aviation system is "  safer , stronger , and more secure than it was 10 years ago , " spokesman Greg Soule said . The agency has screened more than 5 billion passengers over the past decade , he said , and has prevented more than 1,100 guns from being brought onto passenger planes this year alone . Mica and Braun released the GOP report at a news conference held in the main concourse of Reagan-Washington National Airport . Their remarks criticizing the state of aviation security were amplified over a loudspeaker , and drew sidelong glances from passengers headed to airport checkpoints . One day earlier , TSA Administrator John Pistole stood in the same location to discuss holiday travel preparations , touting advancements in screening technology and saying passengers are happy with changes that have reduced the number of pat downs of children . The report released Wednesday was prepared by Republican staffers on House Transportation and Oversight committees . It is largely a compendium of earlier critical reports of the TSA , looking at its deployment of failed technology , such as puffer machines ; the failure to interdict terrorists , such as 2001 "  shoe bomber " Richard Reid and 2009 "  underwear bomber " Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab " ; and the lack of card readers for the 1.8 million ID cards issued to transportation workers . The report says the agency has grown nearly four-fold since its inception , from 16,500 workers to more than 65,000 , while commercial passenger traffic has increased less than 12 percent . But a TSA spokesman said the agency had approximately 56,000 security officers in 2002 , the year it started screening , and has approximately 52,000 today . The report by the Republicans contains 11 recommendations , saying the TSA must act with greater independence from the Department of Homeland Security , and the administrator 's stature must be elevated . The TSA has become "  lost " in the Homeland Security bureaucracy , Mica said . It also calls on the agency to contract out more screening jobs to private industry . Currently , 16 airports , including San Francisco International , have "  opted out " of federal airport screening and use private screeners under what is known as the Screening Partnership Program . The screeners wear the same uniforms , use the same technology and follow the same procedures . Mica advocates the continued privatization of airport screening jobs , but administrator Pistole has been less supportive , at one point saying he would expand the program only if there was a clear advantage to doing so . In other TSA news , a travel industry group Wednesday said the agency 's screening procedures remain "  inefficient and frustrating " for travelers . The U.S. Travel Association released the results of an online survey it conducted last month of about 600 people . According to the survey , "  four of the top five air traveler frustrations relate to the checkpoint process , " including the top frustration : "  People who bring too many carry-on bags through the security checkpoint . " But five of the 11 options on the survey pertained directly to TSA checkpoints , and the remaining options did not include some common irritants , such as excess baggage fees . The survey says 66.2 percent of air travelers are "  somewhat or very satisfied " with the TSA 's overall performance as it relates to security , 21.2 percent are neutral , and 12.5 percent are "  somewhat or very dissatisfied . " But frequent air travelers are less happy , with 54.6 percent "  somewhat or very satisfied . " The group said that despite the TSA 's new initiatives to improve passenger screening , an "  overwhelming majority " have not recognized any improvements in checkpoint efficiency when compared to the previous year . It said 81.8 percent plan to arrive at the airport the same amount of time before a flight as they did last year . The survey has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percent . The TSA said it was pleased to see the vast majority of travelers polled believe the agency is moving in the right direction , and said checkpoint screening has gotten speedier , taking less than 20 minutes for more than 99 percent of passengers last year . "  The increased number of carry-on bags impacts our ability to further reduce wait times , but not the level of security we provide , which remains our priority , " the agency said .	The Transportation Security Administration is top heavy , Rep. John Mica says Americans "  are no safer today " than before 9/11 , Rep. Paul Broun says TSA spokesman : The agency is "  safer , stronger , and more secure than it was "
Watch or record "  Eyewitness to Murder : The King Assassination " when it airs on CNN on Sunday , April 3 at 7 p.m. ET . By recording the documentary , you agree that you will use the program for educational viewing purposes for a one-year period only . No other rights of any kind or nature whatsoever are granted , including , without limitation , any rights to sell , publish , distribute , post online or distribute in any other medium or forum , or use for any commercial or promotional purpose . CNN Student News  -- Do n't miss "  Black in America : Eyewitness to Murder : The King Assassination " airing Sunday , April 3 at 7 p.m. ET on CNN Program Overview CNN 's Soledad O'Brien retraces the steps of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , James Earl Ray , the FBI and Memphis police , and she explores alternative scenarios of who may have been responsible for King 's death . Grade Level : 9-12 , College Subject Areas : U.S. History , Criminal Justice Objectives : Black in America : Eyewitness to Murder : The King Assassination and its corresponding discussion questions and activity challenge students to : 1 . Examine the lives of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and James Earl Ray ; 2 . Analyze evidence from King 's assassination ; 3 . Evaluate the effect King 's death had on the civil rights movement . Discussion Questions 1 . Who was Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. ? How would you describe his approach to bringing about social and political change ? What were some of King 's contributions to the civil rights movement ? 2 . What were some of the challenges faced by activists in the civil rights movement ? What acts of violence did King personally experience ? Why do you think King continued to lead the civil rights movement after these experiences ? 3 . According to the program , what was King 's relationship with each of the following individuals : President Lyndon Johnson , FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover , and Attorney General Robert Kennedy ? 4 . According to the segment : Why did the FBI investigate King ? What actions did the FBI take in its investigation of King ? 5 . Why do you think Andrew Young considers it a compliment that the FBI labeled King "  the most dangerous Negro " ? Why do you think that , according to author David Garrow , the FBI "  wanted Martin Luther King out of the civil rights movement " ? 6 . What was King 's and his supporters ' reaction to the FBI surveillance ? What is your opinion of the FBI surveillance ? Explain . 7 . Why did King travel to Memphis in March 1968 ? Why did his supporters consider this trip to be a distraction ? Why did he return to Memphis in April ? 8 . Who was James Earl Ray ? What are some aliases he may have used ? According to the program , what are some crimes he may have committed ? 9 . According to Ray : Who is Raoul ? What did Ray say was Raoul 's role in King 's assassination ? According to the program , what evidence either establishes or refutes Raoul 's identity ? Do you think Raoul exists ? Why or why not ? 10 . According to the program : What evidence exists that James Earl Ray committed a bank robbery in Alton , Illinois ? How is this robbery possibly linked to King 's assassination ? 11 . After the assassination , where did Ray go ? How and where was he eventually caught ? 12 . Who were Ray 's lawyers in his original trial ? Why do you think Ray chose them ? 13 . Which actions did Ray admit to regarding King 's assassination ? Did Ray ever confess to killing King ? 14 . What court cases emerged because of King 's assassination ? What were the results of these legal actions ? 15 . How did Ray respond to Dexter King when he asked , "  Did you kill my father ? " How did King respond ? What is your reaction to Dexter King 's response to Ray ? 16 . Where was Andrew Young when the King assassination occurred ? Does Andrew Young think Ray killed King ? According to Young , why was King assassinated ? 17 . What are some opinions expressed by people in the documentary regarding Ray 's intelligence ? What is his brother 's opinion ? What is your view of Ray ? 18 . In your view , what actions , if any , could have been taken to prevent King 's assassination ? 19 . What other theories about King 's murder are presented in the program ? In your opinion , which one is most likely ? Why do you think King was assassinated ? 20 . In your view , what events since King 's death demonstrate that the civil rights movement succeeded ? What aspects of life , if any , still need to be improved ? Suggested Activity : Weighing the Evidence Copy and distribute the King Assassination Theories worksheet  PDF  . Using the graphic organizer , have students take notes on the various theories of King 's assassination while they watch the program . After the program , divide the students into six groups , one for each side of each theory . Using evidence from the documentary , challenge each group to present a closing argument supporting one of the theories in a court of law . Conclude the activity by polling the class to see what they believe after they have seen evidence and heard the arguments . Ask these questions for discussion : Did James Earl Ray kill Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. ? If so , did he act alone ? If not , who committed this murder ? Related Resources • Eyewitness to Murder : The King Assassination • Black in America • Behind the Scenes : ` Eyewitness to Murder : The King Assassination ' • King 's final crusade : The radical push for a new America • Scholar : FBI wiretaps show MLK 's selflessness • Weighing the Evidence  PDF Curriculum Connections National Curriculum Standards for Social Studies : The Themes of Social Studies 2 . TIME , CONTINUITY , AND CHANGE Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of the past and its legacy . 3 . PEOPLE , PLACES , AND ENVIRONMENTS Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of people , places , and environments . 5 . INDIVIDUALS , GROUPS , AND INSTITUTIONS Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of interactions among individuals , groups , and institutions . 6 . POWER , AUTHORITY , AND GOVERNANCE Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of how people create , interact with , and change structures of power , authority , and governance . The National Curriculum Standards for the Social Studies are produced by the National Council for the Social Studies . Keywords Martin Luther King , James Earl Ray , civil rights , assassination , FBI , surveillance , John F. Kennedy , Lyndon Johnson , Robert Kennedy , Coretta Scott King	"  Eyewitness to Murder : The King Assassination " airs Sunday , April 3 at 7 p.m. ET Examine the lives of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and James Earl Ray Analyze evidence from King 's assassination Evaluate the effect King 's death had on the civil rights movement
CNN  -- A string of "  brazen attempts " to kill members of a gang task force in Riverside , California , has led to a $ 200,000 reward for information . Authorities hope the reward will encourage people to come forward with information related to three booby traps targeting members of the Hemet Gang Task Force , part of a countywide initiative dedicated to combating gang-related violence in Riverside . "  These brazen attempts to kill police officers in the line of duty are an outrage and even a form of urban terrorism . Our brave men and women in uniform put their lives on the line every day to keep our streets safe , " California Attorney General Jerry Brown said Thursday . "  We urge anyone with information on the attacks to come forward immediately . " Brown was joined by Riverside District Attorney Rod Pacheco , Sheriff Stanley Sniff , Hemet Police Chief Richard Dana and Riverside County Supervisor Jeff Stone in the public appeal for information . Multiple local , state and federal agencies , including the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives contributed to the reward . Authorities believe the close timing and identical targets of the attacks indicate they could be related , said John Hall , a spokesman for the district attorney 's office . On December 31 , 2009 , the unmarked headquarters of the Hemet Gang Task Force was targeted by someone who redirected the natural gas line on the roof into the building , filling up the office with deadly gas . Two task force members entering the office smelled gas and backed away before flipping the light switch and potentially causing the building to explode . On February 23 , a task force member at the Hemet headquarters opened a security gate outside the building , which launched a homemade zip gun attached to the gate . The weapon fired , missing the officer 's head by inches . The headquarters has since been moved to an undisclosed location , where extra security precautions are being taken , Hall said . On March 5 , 2010 , criminals targeted a task force member who had parked an unmarked police car in front of a convenience store in Hemet . The officer found what appeared to be a homemade pipe bomb hidden underneath the vehicle . "  There 's a person or people out there , a bunch of idiots that are trying to do damage to us . We mean to catch them . We mean to see them spend the rest of their life in jail , " Dana said . "  I 'm hoping now , with $ 200,000 , somebody 's gon na have noticed one of them , call us , tell us who it is , and let us get something done . " Hemet is one of eight local , state and federal agencies that make up the Riverside County Gang Task Force , which was formed in 2006 to address the growth of criminal street gangs and outlaw motorcycle gangs countywide . As the county expanded and its population grew , so did the presence and reach of organized crime , Hall said . Since 1997 , the number of gangs in Riverside County has grown from 266 to 391 , according to the task force 's Web site , and total gang membership has grown to 10,620 members countywide . Since the task force 's inception , the number of gang members and violent crimes has decreased and the amount of arrests and warrants served has increased , Hall said . On Wednesday , at least 31 members of the Vagos motorcycle gang were arrested at locations throughout Riverside County in "  Operation Everywhere , " which spanned four states . Hall said he could not say whether the Vagos were believed to be involved in the Hemet booby traps , citing an ongoing investigation . He said it was safe to assume that some gang activity was involved in the attacks . "  It 's possible that the gang members are feeling threatened , that we 're starting to impede on their activity and they 're retaliating , " he said . "  The investigation is still fluid and no arrests have been made , but they 're not targeting regular police . It 's reasonable to believe that they are targeting members of the task force specifically . " CNN 's Brett Roegiers contributed to this report .	Authorities hope $ 200,000 will produce tips on "  brazen attempts " on gang task force Attempts include gas line put in task force office , pipe bomb attached to unmarked car Gang activity , prevalent in Riverside County , thought to be related but no arrests yet
Beijing  CNN  -- When China 's new leader Xi Jinping spoke to the media last week , one sound bite struck me as especially noteworthy . The Chinese people love life , he said , and they wish for better education , more stable jobs , better medical care -- in short , "  more comfortable living conditions and a more beautiful environment . " This , he said , is the goal that China must strive for , one that is surely shared by many Chinese . To achieve that , however , China needs to square the circle : to grow fast while mitigating the degradation of its environment and ecology , especially its air and water . Read more : Protest stops China sewage pipeline project China , for one , has a drinking problem . I discussed this topic with a group of experts in a Fortune magazine forum recently held in Beijing . China 's water crisis looks grim , the panelists agreed . The United Nations says China is one of 13 countries with extreme water shortages . The problem is partly demographic -- it hosts 20 % of the world 's population yet only holds six percent of the world 's water resources -- but is also exacerbated by rapid and short-sighted development . Read more : Taking a swim ? App lets users check water 's cleanliness first Strong economic growth has turned the country into the world 's second largest economy but at the expense of the environment . The Yangtze River , once the lifeblood of the country , now flows a foreboding blood red , possibly due to industrial pollution , experts said . Chronic droughts plague important agricultural regions like Shandong province , which produces most of China 's grain . For Guo Peiyuan , general manager at SynTao , a Beijing-based corporate sustainability consulting firm , the problem is close and personal . "  I was born in a farmer 's family in southern China , and there are a lot of rivers there , " he recalled . "  When I was a child we could swim in the river . But as I grew up in the 1990s , a lot of factories came in . One summer vacation I went to my hometown , and my mother told me that the local farmers would not use the water for the crops because water was polluted , and the vegetables would die . " Read more : River in China turns red Stories like Guo 's are common . Citizens lodge not-in-my-background public protests amid fears of industrial pollution . In October , for instance , thousands of residents protested in Ningbo , a thriving coastal city , and forced local officials to shelve plans to expand a chemical plant . Such successes are still rare , and experts worry the water crisis is going to worsen in years . China 's water demand will reach 818 billion cubic meters , experts say , and yet there 's only 616 billion cubic meters available . Beijing has about 100 cubic meters of water available per person , well below the U.N. standard of 1,000 cubic meters per person , a threshold used to measure chronic water shortage . Read more : ConocoPhillips to pay $ 191 million more to China over oil spill Debra Tan , a specialist at China Water Risk , a Hong Kong-based non-profit group , suggested a way to visualize the crisis . Imagine , she said , that China has 25 bathtubs of water per person . The U.S. will have the equivalent of 125 bathtubs . Polluted water is both deadly and costly . China now has around 300 million people with no access to potable water , resulting in some 66,000 deaths per year , according to the World Bank . It estimates the cost of water pollution to China at $ 22 billion , roughly 1.1 percent of the country 's GDP . The Chinese government recognizes the problem and is seeking to cut water consumption by 30 % . Read more : Experts detail 5 challenges for China But that target , experts said , is hard to reach . "  Because of population growth , because of distribution of populations , there 's even greater demand . There 's an expected increase of up to 10 % demand in the agricultural spaces in northern China . This increase is going to put ever increasing stress on those already stressed water systems , " said Matthew Durnin , director of science programs in Asia for The Nature Conservancy . Read more : Why booming China needs to learn the three R 's China 's rapacious water consumption is in part boosted by an illogical scenario : water , while scarce , is unusually cheap . "  In China , water really should be three to five times more expensive , " said Tan of China Water Risk . One way to reduce consumption , she said , will be to keep raising water prices , a step China has been taking since 2009 . Tan believes the solution lies in targeting industry and agriculture , the "  largest users and polluters . " They use about 85 % of the water in China , she said , and should face higher disincentives and harsher punishments . Ma Jun , who runs the non-profit Institute of Public and Environmental Affairs in Beijing , seeks pollution control , especially of water resources , by blacklisting notorious violators . Read more : China 's famed Pearl River under denim threat Ma , one of China 's most tenacious "  green warriors , " has made some headway but said environmental litigation is nearly impossible because enforcement of existing environmental laws is weak . "  We need to bring in more stakeholders and apply public pressure , like putting these companies on a list of polluters , " he said . Pressure , shaming and wish to make amends , he said , is changing behavior . "  So far we have some 720 companies on our list coming to our NGOs to figure out what they did wrong and how they can fix their problems . " Read more : Red river brings cancer , Chinese villagers say Ordinary Chinese consumers need to change consumption habits , too , experts said , just like those in developed countries . "  America ca n't be America anymore , " explained Durnin of The Nature Conservancy . "  The rest of the world ca n't be like the developed world . We ca n't keep saying that we want everyone to rise up to the same standard because that is an unsustainable standard . " Durnin proposed a simple step for China and other countries to take : fix leaky pipes . "  There 's a lot of waste in urban environments , in the transfer of water in the pipes . There 's literally hundreds of millions of miles of pipe laid around the world that are leaking and wasting water . These are some simple fixes that we could do right away . " CNN 's Rebecca Chao contributed to this report .	China is one of 13 countries facing extreme water shortages , according to the U.N. The country is home to 20 % of the world 's population , but only has 6 % of its water resources Yangtze River , once the country 's lifeblood , has now turned blood red Pollution needs to be cut , but ordinary Chinese must also reduce consumption : Experts
CNN  -- A video of a frail and unamused looking Nelson Mandela surrounded by South African President Jacob Zuma and other officials has prompted cries of political exploitation by the government . In the footage released by the South African Broadcasting Corp. , the 94-year-old Mandela sits in a chair at his Johannesburg home , barely moving and never smiling as leaders from the governing African National Congress arrange themselves for a photo opportunity . At one point Mandela 's grandson takes a picture with flash , causing him to close his eyes and purse his lips . The former president is sensitive to flash photography from his years laboring in quarries during his imprisonment under the country 's apartheid government . Zuma says Mandela is in "  good shape , " but the footage seems to show him looking anything but -- and the stunt provoked outrage from many in South Africa who accused the ANC and SABC of parading the country 's anti-apartheid hero on television for their own benefit . "  Very sad seeing the footage of Madiba . And who was the idiot who took a pic of him with a flash ? Disgraceful . Leave him alone " , tweeted Johannesburg radio DJ John Robbie , using the clan name by which Mandela is widely referred to in South Africa . Another Twitter user , Brent Lindeque , wrote : "  After everything Madiba has done for us this is how they treat him . Like an animal at the zoo . Shame on the ANC ! " " -LSB- A -RSB- fter months of attacking media for ` invading ' Mandela 's privacy , ANC today released an invasive video of a clearly ailing and grim Mandela , " tweeted journalist Geoffrey York . One Johannesburg radio station wrote : "  The way #Madiba was paraded on SABC TV this evening was horrible ! Grotesque ` journalism ' . All involved should hang their heads in shame ! " Mandela endured 27 years in prison before becoming the country 's first black president in 1994 . He has become increasingly frail over the years and has been hospitalized three times in the past five months , most recently for a lung infection in March . The ANC may have been critical of the media in the past for not respecting Mandela 's privacy since his withdrawal from public life , but the party rejected any criticism of Monday 's house call . "  The African National Congress has noted the determined efforts by some sections of our society to degrade the visit of the National Office Bearers to Comrade Nelson Mandela , " party spokesman Jackson Mthembu said in a statement . Mthembu said the visit "  was in line with the accepted norms of Ubuntu that we value our elderly , " and the party "  stands by its statements that President Mandela is in good health and in good spirits . " "  South Africans are called upon to appreciate that Tata is 94 years old ; he will thus be frail and not as active and energetic as we all fondly remember him . There is no reason to be alarmed by the visuals of an elderly person who clearly is receiving the necessary care and attention . " Geoffrey York countered on Twitter : "  ANC misses point . Criticism was because of its political exploitation of Mandela ; not because of ` fear ' of the images . " Another user , Siya_Ntshoko , wrote : " -LSB- T -RSB- he #ANC has no compunction about using a 94 year old frail man to canvass for votes - anything for nostalgia . " The video released Monday was the first of the former leader since his birthday last July . Mandela , a Nobel Peace Prize winner , has a history of lung problems dating back to when he was a political prisoner on Robben Island during apartheid . He contracted tuberculosis during his imprisonment . He underwent treatment for a lung infection and had surgery to remove gallstones over the Christmas holiday in 2012 , one of his longest hospital stays since his release from prison in 1990 . Dana Ford and CNN Wires contributed to this report .	South Africa 's ruling party accused of exploiting Nelson Mandela over new video Video shows anti-apartheid hero surrounded by African National Congress politicians Footage , which shows a tired , frail-looking Mandela , was aired on SABC on Monday Radio Today : "  The way Madiba was paraded on SABC TV this evening was horrible ! "
CNN  -- Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich remain on course for a unique treble of trophies after crushing Werder Bremen 4-0 in the German Cup final on Saturday . Bayern will now travel to Madrid for next weekend 's Champions League final against Inter Milan in confident mood , after this impressive victory over their Bundesliga rivals . The result never looked in doubt once Arjen Robben gave Louis van Gaal 's side the lead in the 35th minute . German international defender Per Mertesacker handled the ball in the penalty area and Dutch winger Robben made no mistake with the spot-kick . Ivica Olic doubled Bayern 's advantage seven minutes after the interval when poking home following a corner . And the match was over as a contest in the 63rd minute when a superb counter-attack saw Mark van Bommel play the ball through for Frenchman Franck Ribery to slide his shot coolly past goalkeeper Tim Wiese . Werder 's dismal afternoon was made even worse when former Bayern player Torsten Frings was sent offlate in the second-half after collecting two yellow cards . The icing on Bayern 's cake was provided by Bastian Schweinsteiger , who fired past Wiese after chesting down Phillipp Lahm 's lofted pass .	Bayern Munich crush Werder Bremen 4-0 to win the German Cup final on Saturday The victory means Bayern add the cup to their Bundesliga title success last week Bayern now have the chance to seal a unique treble against Inter Milan in Madrid next Saturday
CNN  On Thursday , President Barack Obama revealed that a U.S. drone strike had killed Warren Weinstein and Giovanni Lo Porto , two aid workers held hostage on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border . Al Qaeda had sought to trade the two for prisoners held by the United States and an end to drone strikes . But it is not only terrorist groups that try to reap reward from the taking of hostages -- take the case of Jason Rezaian , The Washington Post 's Tehran bureau chief . On April 20 , just two days before diplomats resumed talks in Vienna , Austria , to reach a final agreement over Iran 's nuclear program , Rezaian 's Iranian attorney announced that his client had been charged with espionage , conducting propaganda , collaborating with foreign governments and collecting information "  with malicious intent . " The State Department , Rezaian 's employers at The Washington Post and fellow journalists reacted with outrage . Their anger is justified , but the decision should surprise no one : There is a long history of rogue regimes seizing hostages against the backdrop of diplomacy to extract concessions , humiliate the United States or signal unease . The scale of Iran 's current hostage-taking -- not only Rezaian but also Iranian-Americans Saeed Abedini and Amir Hekmati -- may pale in comparison with Iranian behavior of decades past . But the use of hostages to extract concessions or dampen the enthusiasm surrounding reconciliation is part of a consistent pattern . Consider the original Iran hostage seizure : On November 4 , 1979 , radical students seized the American Embassy in Tehran , ultimately holding 52 diplomats hostage for 444 days . Often forgotten was what sparked that episode , which occurred more than nine months after Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini declared the Islamic revolution victorious . The problem was a rush to reconcile : At a November 1 , 1979 , Algiers reception , Zbigniew Brzezinski , President Jimmy Carter 's national security adviser , met Iranian Prime Minister Mehdi Bazargan . According to Brzezinski 's own memoir , he told Bazargan that the United States was open to any relationship the Islamic republic wanted . Photos of their handshake graced newspapers around the world . Iranian hardliners , meanwhile , were apoplectic that Barzagan was "  betraying " Iran 's revolutionary principles , and seized the embassy to block any rapprochement . Khomeini endorsed their action . "  Our young people must foil these plots , " he reportedly said . The hostages became pawns in an escalating series of demands . Brzezinski 's dream of reconciliation became a nightmare . Iran released the embassy hostages as Ronald Reagan took his oath of office , ending its first but not last hostage-taking episode . Iranian proxies seized a number of Americans in Lebanon . Reagan blessed a plan to trade arms for hostages . Putting aside the illegalities of diverting weaponry to the Nicaraguan Contras , the genesis of the scheme was not only a desire for diplomacy but also , much as with Obama 's outreach today , to solidify the moderate camp within the Iranian political spectrum . Initially , the scheme worked , but no sooner had American officials delivered the last load of military equipment and the last hostages set free , then kidnappers seized three more Americans . Hostage-taking had simply become another way to collect concessions . Of course , Iran is not alone in such games . Whenever the United States tries to use diplomacy to bring rogue regimes in from the cold , it faces hostage crises . Take North Korea : Obama campaigned as the anti-Bush on the world stage . "  The notion that somehow not talking to countries is punishment to them ... is ridiculous , " Obama , then a senator , declared in July 2007 . Obama had n't even marked two months in office when North Korea detained two journalists working for Al Gore 's Current TV . A kangaroo court sentenced Laura Ling and Euna Lee to 12 years in prison . It was traditional hostage diplomacy . Former President Bill Clinton traveled to Pyongyang to appeal for their release . North Korean leader Kim Jong Il used the episode to solidify the position of his third son and designated successor , Kim Jong Un . North Korea 's police force put out word that "  General Kim Jong Un 's artifice let former U.S. President Clinton cross the Pacific to apologize to the Great Leader . It was all made possible thanks to General Kim Jong Un 's extraordinary prophecy and outstanding tactics . " North Korea 's deputy foreign minister confided that the groundwork for the episode had been planned long in advance . Ling and Lee were neither the first nor the last Americans that North Korea seized during the Obama era . After North Korea torpedoed a South Korean ship , killing 46 , Obama sought North Korea 's censure in the U.N. Security Council . Pyongyang responded by threatening Aijalon Mahli Gomes , an American imprisoned earlier that year for illegally entering North Korea . On cue , former President Jimmy Carter arrived to mediate for Gomes ' release , called for new talks and , by omission , derailed efforts to hold North Korea accountable for its killing of nearly four dozen South Korean sailors . The pattern would repeat in 2012 when North Korea seized Kenneth Bae , an American whom Kim Jong Un sought to leverage into concessions . The following year , North Korea arrested an 85-year-old Korean War veteran touring the hermit kingdom and , the next year , took two other tourists hostage . Each arrest resulted in a high-level visit , an apology to North Korea that bolstered the dear leader 's claims of strength and renewed engagement . Saddam Hussein likewise worked from the same playbook . In March 1995 , Iraqi security forces seized two American defense contractors who strayed into Iraq from Kuwait . Sentenced to eight years , they served 114 days before Rep. Bill Richardson , D-New Mexico , a close Clinton ally  and future Cabinet-level U.N. ambassador  flew to Baghdad to retrieve them . The American media lauded Richardson , but his trip was not without cost : Saddam used it to depict Iraq as strong and America as weak . "  President Saddam Hussein ... accepts the pleas by Bill Clinton , the Congress and American people , " the Iraqi News Agency reported . And so did the Taliban . Fifteen years before Obama traded alleged American deserter Bowe Bergdahl for five high-value Taliban and alleged al Qaeda operatives imprisoned at Guantanamo Bay , the Taliban arrested two Americans female missionaries . Their detention -- and threatened death sentence -- came against the backdrop of Clinton-era attempts to negotiate with and perhaps even normalize relations with the Taliban ; the Taliban , too , knew how holding Americans captive could even the playing field or even represent leverage for new concessions . So what does Iran 's hostage brinkmanship portend ? Diplomats drink their own Kool-Aid , and convince themselves that their engagement can bring rogues in from the cold . Ego , ambition and arrogance convince presidents that the failure of past diplomacy rests with their predecessors rather than adversaries . Hostages such as Rezaian are canaries in the coal mine , however . Their captivity -- not suave officials and their smooth promises -- show both the true character of the regime and its disregard for the norms of diplomacy .	A U.S. drone strike accidentally killed hostages Warren Weinstein and Giovanni Lo Porto Michael Rubin : Hostages such as journalist Jason Rezaian are canaries in the coal mine
CNN  -- On the sweltering evening of April 12 , 2009 , as dusk deepened over the Indian Ocean , several hundred miles off the coast of Somalia , three shots rang out . All the bullets found their targets -- three Somali pirates in a small lifeboat bobbing on the darkening sea . For the past five days the pirates had taken hostage Richard Phillips , the American captain of the Maersk Alabama container ship . President Barack Obama had authorized the use of deadly force if Phillips ' life was in danger . Unbeknownst to the pirates , days earlier a contingent from SEAL Team 6 had parachuted at night into the ocean near the USS Bainbridge warship , which was shadowing the pirates in their boat . The SEALs had taken up position on the fantail of the Bainbridge and were carefully monitoring Phillips while he was in the custody of the pirates . One of the pirates had just pointed his AK-47 at the American captain as if he were going to shoot him . That 's when the SEAL team commander on the Bainbridge ordered his men to take out the pirates . U.S. terror raids : 2 operations . 2 outcomes . 5 questions Three U.S. Navy SEAL sharpshooters fired simultaneously at the pirates from a distance of 30 yards in heaving seas at nightfall , killing them all . Obama called Vice Adm. William "  Bill " McRaven , the leader of Joint Special Operations Command and of the mission to rescue Phillips , to tell him , "  Great job . " In the eyes of Hollywood at least , the American public ca n't get enough of these kinds of operations . "  Captain Phillips , " a movie starring Tom Hanks playing the rescued sea captain , will be in theaters on Friday . The flawless rescue of Philips was the first time that Obama , only three months into his new job , was personally exposed to the capabilities of America 's "  Quiet Professionals , " as they sometimes refer to themselves . They are the secretive counterterrorism units of special operations , made up of units including the Navy 's SEAL Team 6 and the Army 's Delta Force , whose well-oiled skills Obama has come to rely upon increasingly with every passing year of his presidency . African raids This was underlined over the weekend in Africa when operators from Delta and SEAL Team 6 carried out raids in Libya and Somalia -- more than 2,000 miles apart -- targeting a longtime alleged member of al Qaeda in the Libyan capital , Tripoli , and the leaders of one al Qaeda 's affiliated groups in the Somali port of Barawe . In Tripoli , Delta operators seized Abu Anas al-Libi , who is wanted for his alleged role performing surveillance on the U.S. embassy in Nairobi , Kenya , which was destroyed by an al Qaeda truck bomb in 1998 , while in Barawe SEAL Team 6 operators went ashore to attack a house frequented by commanders of Al Shabaab , the group that launched the attack on the mall in Nairobi two weeks ago where at least 67 people were killed . The Delta raid in Tripoli went off flawlessly , but the SEALs encountered heavy resistance in Barawe and the SEAL team retreated . Details of what exactly happened during the Somali operation are still murky . The two raids over the weekend show that President Obama remains very comfortable deploying special operations forces in countries the United States is not at war with as a means to combat terrorist groups , just as he is comfortable with the use of CIA drones for the same purpose in countries such as Pakistan and Yemen . For the White House , part of the appeal of special operations and drones is that they do not , of course , consume anything like the blood and treasure that are expended on conventional military operations such as the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . Indeed , the SEALS have had considerable experience working in and around Somalia in recent years . Six months after the rescue of Phillips , Obama 's national security team authorized a mission to take out Saleh Ali Saleh Nabhan , a leader of al Qaeda in Africa . Nabhan was killed by SEAL Team 6 in a helicopter raid on September 14 , 2009 , as he was driving south of the Somali capital , Mogadishu . The SEALs landed briefly to take Nabhan 's body , and after they had confirmed his identity through DNA samples , he was buried at sea . U.S. official : Raid 's target was Al-Shabaab foreign fighter commander Home of SEAL Team 6 It is quite challenging to enter the SEALs , but an even greater challenge is to be selected for the SEAL 's premier counterterrorism force , the innocuously named Naval Special Warfare Development Group based at Dam Neck , Virginia , near the bustling resort town of Virginia Beach . It 's known inside the military as "  DevGru " and more popularly as "  SEAL Team 6 " and is an elite within the SEAL elite . The men of DevGru , around 250 in total , are battle-hardened and are usually in their mid-30s . DevGru is divided into squadrons that are named by color : Red , Blue and Gold are the assault squadrons , Grey handles vehicles and boats , and Black is the sniper team . These squadrons scout other SEAL teams , which number around 2,000 men , for those with the particular skills they need . DevGru 's base at Dam Neck does not announce itself . Behind the high wire fence that seals the SEALs off from the rest of the world is a large dog pound where the highly trained dogs that accompany the men on their missions live . There is a giant wall to sharpen climbing skills and a hangar full of exceptionally fast boats . Other hangars house experimental Mad Max-like dune buggies suitable for driving in the deserts of the Middle East and weapons rooms loaded with exotic firearms . ` Somalia-ized ' SEAL Team 6 's greatest coup , of course , was the 2011 operation in Abbottabad , Pakistan , in which Osama bin Laden was killed . However , SEAL Team 6 's integral role in the war against al Qaeda and its allies would not have been easy to predict before the 9/11 attacks . Just recall the debacle that has come to be known as "  Blackhawk Down . " In Mogadishu , Somalia , in early October 1993 a daytime helicopter assault -- by pilots of the Special Operations Air Regiment and elements of SEAL Team 6 , Delta Force and the 75th Rangers -- to snatch Somali clan leaders who were attacking U.S. troops stationed in Somalia turned into a fiasco in which two Blackhawk helicopters were shot down by rocket propelled grenades . Eighteen American servicemen died . Scarred by Mogadishu , the Pentagon was resistant to using SEAL Team 6 and Delta to take on al Qaeda in Afghanistan once the terrorist group had rebased itself there in 1996 . Indeed , after the 9/11 attacks , then-Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld was deeply frustrated that the first American boots on the ground in Afghanistan were from the CIA and not the highly trained counterterrorism units of SEAL Team 6 and Delta Force . On October 17 , 2001 , ten days after the U.S. campaign against the Taliban had started , Rumsfeld wrote a secret memo to Gen. Richard Myers , then-chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , expressing his irritation : "  Does the fact that the Defense Department ca n't do anything on the ground in Afghanistan until CIA people go in first to prepare the way suggest that the Defense Department is lacking a capability we need ? Specifically , given the nature of our world , is n't it conceivable that the Department  of Defense  ought not to be in a position of near total dependence on CIA in situations such as this ? " Officials working for Rumsfeld commissioned Richard Shultz , an historian on special forces , to find out why special operations units were not deployed to hit al-Qaeda before the attacks on New York and Washington . After all , fighting terrorists was why these units were founded in the first place . Schultz concluded that in the years before 9/11 the senior officers at the Pentagon had become "  Somalia-ized . " Then-special operations boss Gen. Peter Schoomaker recalled , "  Special operations were never given the mission . It was very , very frustrating . It was like having a brand-new Ferrari in the garage and nobody wants to race it because you might dent the fender . " The attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon allowed Rumsfeld to push special operations to the center of the "  Global War on Terrorism . " And on September 6 , 2003 , Rumsfeld signed an order known as an "  EXORD " that empowered Joint Special Operations Command to hunt al-Qaeda in as many as 15 countries . Wife : Captured ` most wanted terrorist ' al Libi had left al Qaeda Military 's own army In the decade after 9/11 , JSOC became a small army within the military with its own drones , its own air force  known as the Confederate Air Force  and its own intelligence operations . The rise of JSOC was inextricably linked to the vision of Maj. Gen. Stanley McChrystal , a brilliant workaholic from a military family who was beloved by his men ; during the Iraq War he who would go out with them on missions to capture/kill insurgents . It was McChrystal who took the special operations Ferrari out of the garage and drove it to become a killing machine of unprecedented agility and ferocity . JSOC went from mounting half a dozen operations a month in Iraq in the spring of 2004 to 300 a month by the summer of 2006 . It was McChrystal 's five-year command of JSOC between 2003 and 2008 that helped turn its core components of SEAL Team 6 and Delta into what is arguably the most agile and deadly force in history . One of the key officers under McChrystal was Bill McRaven , who took over command from McChrystal as head of JSOC when McChrystal went to take a senior job at the Pentagon . McRaven is a strapping , dark-haired , blue-eyed Texan in his mid-50s . In conversation as he chugs a Rip It -- a heavily caffeinated beverage popular with American soldiers in Afghanistan -- he speaks in well thought-out paragraphs , but he also peppers his speech with the occasional "  doggone , " as well as other , more robust swear words . A battle-hardened colleague says McRaven reminds him of the comic book superhero Captain America , while another says he "  is reputed to be the smartest SEAL that ever lived . He is physically tough , compassionate and can drive a knife through your ribs in a nanosecond . " Even as a three-star admiral , about once a month in Afghanistan , McRaven went out with his teams on snatch-and-grab missions . It was McRaven who planned the bin Laden raid down to the last details . Now he commands Special Operations Command , or SOCOM , which oversees special operations by the Navy , Army , Air Force and Marines . According to its mission statement , SOCOM 's job is to "  synchronize planning of global operations against terrorist networks . " A sign of where the Obama administration is placing its bets about what it believes to be the future of warfare is that while there are major cuts planned for all four of the armed services , SOCOM is one of the few places in the military where the force is actually growing .	Peter Bergen : After ` Blackhawk Down ' disaster , U.S. stopped relying on special forces He says 9/11 led to renewed interest in using SEALs , other special forces Bergen : Weekend 's operations show Obama 's continued support for special forces 2009 rescue of U.S. merchant captain from pirates impressed Obama , he says
CNN  -- Alvin Lee , the speed-fingered British guitarist who lit up Woodstock with a monumental 11-minute version of his song "  I 'm Going Home , " has died , according to his website . He was 68 . "  With great sadness , we have to announce that Alvin unexpectedly passed away early this morning after unforeseen complications following a routine surgical procedure , " read the message on alvinlee.com . "  We have lost a wonderful , much loved father and companion . The world has lost a great and truly gifted musician . " The note was signed by Lee 's daughter , Jasmin , wife , Evi , and former companion Suzanne . Lee died Wednesday . Born in Nottingham , England , in 1944 , Lee was the leader of the band Ten Years After . His performance at Woodstock in 1969 catapulted him into the front ranks of the period 's British guitar heroes , which included Eric Clapton , Jeff Beck , Jimmy Page and Pete Townshend . In an image from the 1973 book "  Rock Dreams , " he and those four others are pictured in tuxedos carrying guitar cases into a building . "  Groups would play for an hour without pausing , not to be mobbed or screamed at but in hopes of an ovation , " critic Nik Cohn wrote about musicians in the caption . Despite his status as a musician , Lee never reached the critical or popular heights of his countrymen . Ten Years After never had a Top 10 album in America , though 1971 's "  A Space in Time " went platinum thanks to the group 's only Top 40 hit , "  I 'd Love to Change the World . " Lee released his latest album , "  Still on the Road to Freedom , " last August . People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Alvin Lee dies at 68 British guitarist gained famed at Woodstock concert He sang with Ten Years After
London  CNN  -- Royal watchers eagerly await the arrival of a child that will be heir to the British throne . Here 's what you need to know and the latest developments : • Queen Elizabeth II is among those keen for the new baby to greet the world . On a visit to northern England Wednesday , she was asked by a little girl whether she wants her great-grandchild to be a boy or a girl . The queen replied : "  I do n't think I mind . I would very much like it to arrive . I 'm going on holiday . " • The Duchess of Cambridge is now overdue . A royal source tells CNN that her due date was July 13 . She and Prince William announced at the start of the year that the baby was due in July , but did not announce the date . • Prince Charles ' wife Camilla , the Duchess of Cornwall , said Monday that the family was on tenterhooks for the baby 's arrival -- and suggested it could be very soon . "  We 're all waiting at the end of a telephone , " she said , in an exchange filmed by ITV . "  I hope by the end of the week , he or she will be there . " • The baby will have the title His or Her Royal Highness Prince or Princess  the baby 's name  of Cambridge , St. James 's Palace said this month . However , it could be as long as 10 days before the baby 's name is announced . • Speculation on what that name will be is rife -- and betting is going strong . Bookies ' favorites include Alexandra , Elizabeth or Charlotte for a girl , and George or James for a boy . • Anyone born in Britain on the same day as William and Catherine 's baby will receive a special coin from the Royal Mint : a silver penny , dated 2013 , that will come in a blue pouch for a boy or a pink one for a girl . • Catherine is expected to give birth at the private Lindo wing of St. Mary 's Hospital , next to Paddington Station in London . It 's where William was born . Catherine 's mother , Carole Middleton , is likely to be on hand at the hospital . • The first indication that the baby is on its way will be an announcement in the media that the duchess has been admitted to the hospital in the early stages of labor , royal sources tell CNN . The next public announcement is expected to be that of the birth . It will be made in the form of a formal bulletin , signed by medical staff and rushed in a car with a police escort to Buckingham Palace . There , the notice will be placed in a gilt frame positioned on an easel -- the same one used to announce William 's birth -- and placed in the palace forecourt for all to see . • The first to know about the royal baby will be Queen Elizabeth II , Prime Minister David Cameron and the governors general of each of the commonwealth nations , along with the rest of the royal and Middleton families . If the baby arrives in the middle of the night , it 's unlikely the queen will be awoken , so there is a chance in that instance that an official announcement will not be made until the following morning . • Celebratory gun salutes will be sounded by the King 's Troop Royal Horse Artillery in Green Park  41 rounds  and the Honorable Artillery Company at the Tower of London  62 rounds  after the baby is born . • William and Catherine did not want to know the sex of their baby beforehand , royal sources say . There has been speculation it is a girl , however , especially after a member of the public said in March that the duchess almost uttered "  daughter " while at a public event in Grimsby . The woman said the duchess was given a teddy bear and replied , "  Thank you , I will take that for my d -- " but then stopped herself . • The baby will be third in line to the throne after Prince Charles and Prince William , regardless of gender . A rule change in 2011 ended centuries of male primogeniture , which decreed that the crown passed to the eldest son and was bestowed on a daughter only when there were no sons . It means that if the next royal baby is a girl , she will eventually become queen ; previously , a younger male sibling would have taken precedence . • The queen 's cousin , Margaret Rhodes , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour she hoped the child would have a normal childhood . "  I imagine and hope that its early life , until it 's at least in its teens , will be just a jolly , happy , ordinary child 's life , " she said . • It 's not known where the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge plan to spend the days and weeks following the birth . William is expected to be given the usual paternity leave of two weeks by the Ministry of Defence , royal sources say . He will then return to his job as a helicopter search and rescue pilot . • The revelation that Catherine was pregnant came after she was admitted to a London hospital in December for acute morning sickness .	NEW : The queen does n't mind if the baby 's a boy or a girl -- she just wants it to arrive soon A royal source says Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge , is overdue She is expected to give birth at the private Lindo wing of St. Mary 's Hospital Bookies ' favorite baby names include Alexandra , Elizabeth , Charlotte , George and James
Mae Sot , Thailand  CNN  -- In a valley in the misty hills of Mae Sot sits Thailand 's largest refugee camp -- a maze of mud alleyways stuffed with bamboo and wood huts . The camp is filled with people who fled Myanmar before the country 's regime signaled its intent to come in from the diplomatic cold . For the majority of the 30,000 people living there , the camp is their entire world . Their daily routine changes little because they ca n't go into the rest of Thailand or they will be arrested , and they wo n't go back to Myanmar because they are still afraid or have nothing to go back to . But on this day there was something exciting happening inside the camp , something that has never happened before . Hundreds of people streamed onto a football field inside the camp to see a woman many consider a hero . They were waving the Burmese flag and chanting : "  Mae Suu , Mae Suu , " which in English means Mother Suu . Suu Kyi cautions against ` reckless optimism ' Mother Suu is how they refer to Aung San Suu Kyi -- a hero to many in the camp . Suu Kyi fought for democracy in Myanmar for decades , spending 15 years under house arrest because of it , before being elected to parliament -- though the military regime that has ruled Myanmar for decades still holds a great deal of power . She ended her first international trip since being released from house arrest by visiting the camp in western Thailand to see her people . "  Today we are very happy you know . Our people , we like to see our leader , " one spectator said . Another chimed in : "  We need democracy , so we need our lady . She can do democracy . We trust her so much . We could n't see her in Burma  Myanmar 's former name  because she was always in her house . So we come here and now we see her . " Burmese migrants dream of return home Bouquets of flowers were thrown at her while she waved from her car . She even grabbed a sign that someone had hand written in her honor . Unfortunately the pro-democracy leader was n't able to make any rousing speeches because her actions in the camp were restricted by Thai Authorities . No megaphones were to be used , so even when she did try to speak to the cheering crowd while holding on to the open door of her SUV , she was drowned out by the sheer number of well-wishers . But not everyone in the camp decided to go . There were plenty of people going about their daily routine . For them Suu Kyi is a name they recognize but a person they know little about . "  I do n't care because I am busy with my work , " Ima said . Then she held up the thing that was on her mind : a small plastic bag of live frogs . That was the family lunch and she was on her way to prepare the feast at the same time Suu Kyi was due to arrive at the camp . Deeper into the bamboo maze , 34-year-old Mic is sitting outside his hut . He is n't going either . "  I only know her name but do n't know who she is . I have never seen her , " he said . He recalled his journey over the border at the age of nine . "  I could n't live there . The Burmese attacked us . They were destroying things ; they came and took our houses . We had to come here to live , " he said . Mic could n't escape misfortune for long . At 18 , while gathering wood at the Myanmar-Thailand border , he stepped on a mine and lost a leg . But today daily life in the camp with his family , including his two children , is keeps him occupied . With Suu Kyi now a member of Parliament and Myanmar moving towards democracy , should the refugees start considering going back ? Suu Kyi herself warned against expecting things to change quickly in her country . The refugees are doing just that . Not one said they would go back . Those who remember their homeland said it would be good to go home , but first they needed guarantees that they had something to go back to , plus they simply did n't trust the government -- not yet anyway . "  There is nothing left for me there , " Mic said . And then there is a large section of the refugee community that has never known Myanmar . The camp is their home because they were born and raised there .	Aung San Suu Kyi rounds of historic Thai trip with visit to largest refugee camp in the country Many of the 30,000 inhabitants fled persecution from Myanmar 's military regime Some wish to return to Myanmar , but prefer to wait for reforms in Myanmar to continue Pro-democracy leader Suu Kyi recently elected to Myanmar 's parliament
CNN  -- In 2000 , I moved to Senegal for the third and last time with my five grandchildren and husband , jazz musician Sam Sanders . Their mother had passed on five years before from a heart attack and their father was still distraught . We decided to give our grandchildren an international multilingual and multicultural education . I had spent 30 years in and out of many African countries , designing health , education and nutrition programs , and had lived in many places and discovered many cultures . We decided on Kaolack , a town in the western part of Senegal . The local religious leaders are very tolerant of all religions , creeds , and nationalities . After we arrived , our grandchildren started to become accustomed to the varied lifestyle . Then , my husband , who was my best friend , died . I retired from life . I spent my days in prayer , reflection and education of the grandchildren . My mourning period had began , and I assumed it would continue all my remaining life . In late spring 2001 , Mame Gueda Agne , a 9-year-old playmate of my granddaughter , came and asked to join the grandkids home-schooled classes . She stated simply that she had failed the third grade the year before , was failing this year , and afraid that she would be thrown out of school . In Senegal , if a child fails two successive years in public school he or she is expelled . Only if parents can afford private school education will the child be able to continue . I explained to her that she was in the Senegalese school system and the grandkids ' classes were not the same . In fact , the last thing I wanted was for an outside child to interrupt my mourning rituals . But , Mame Gueda continued to come and ask . Finally , I took Mame Gueda to speak with her mother to stop her asking . Her mother explained that the girl was not intelligent and would probably fail . She stated that she would let her finish this school year , then keep her home to teach her how to be a good wife and mother . I could not accept that fate for a little girl who only wanted me to assist her . I asked her mother to allow me to work with her . Even though I had not mastered the Senegalese educational system , I thought that with my local contacts I could find someone to help Mame Gueda . The next day Mame Gueda arrived for schooling . But she did not come alone . She came with three other girls . In two weeks , I had 20 little 9-year-old girls . My mourning period was over . I researched the whys and wherefores of the little girls ' educational failures . I found that of every 60,000 girls who enter first grade , only 4,500 finish primary school in the region of Kaolack . Of those 4,500 students entering middle school , only 1,500 will enter high school . Five hundred will graduate with a high school diploma , 150 will enter university , and 15 will receive their university degree . I discovered that many girls do not have books and school supplies , or the time or a place to study after school . I began haunting all the public and private development agencies , local and national government institutions , asking for assistance to support our little girls . I was refused . We were not part of an established program or in the wrong area , or we were turned down for innumerable other reasons . We started teaching ourselves . There is always someone who knows something that another does not . We made sure that everyone knew the basics : read , write , cipher . I drew upon competency based educational techniques I had learned at Columbia University Teacher 's College . We had to rely on ourselves . In the fall of 2001 the girls wanted me to continue the program . I informed them that I had n't been able to find the money . They said they could raise their own money . They had seen American girls on television selling cookies and would imitate them . So I began "  cookie classes . " The girls sold cookies and fruit punch . They raised enough to buy their school books and supplies . The little girls brought in older siblings and relatives who had already failed and been expelled from school . The older girls did the cooking and selling . They became our financial support and grew into our entrepreneurs . The little girls returned to school . I knew that in order for them not to fail again , they had to keep learning . We involved our girls ' parents to make sure they allowed them the time to study after school by reducing household chores . We involved the community by getting it to allocate public spaces and buildings to hold our afterschool classes and programs . Eventually we got public and private financial and technical support to expand the number of girls that we teach each year . We now have 3,383 girls and want to increase our numbers to 5,000 this year . We export five blended hibiscus teas , dolls and household products to pay for the schooling . We have decided to become green , with an aggressive environmental education and agricultural development entrepreneurial program . We have 20 girls in university . We do not recruit . They find us . They come . All failing , all willing to teach and learn . And now : All succeeding . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Viola Vaughn .	Viola Vaughn left retirement to take on challenge of educating girls in Senegal She says the vast majority of schooling is devoted to boys Girls who are expelled from school for failing tests face very limited choices Vaughn 's education program now serves more than 3,000 girls
CNN  -- Private businesses are better placed than governments to tackle global warming because they can act faster , according to panelists at CNN 's climate change debate . High profile figures in the private sector and the United Nations agreed the urgency to reduce carbon emissions was such that business could not afford to wait for politicians to act . Christiana Figueres , executive secretary of the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change , said at the CNN Earth 's Frontiers debate in Cancun , Mexico , that business should be "  pulling governments along . " She said : "  The difficult thing is to balance two realities . One reality is the urgency of it , which science tells us and we can see and economics has already figured out , with the political pace with which governments can move . "  That 's where private sector comes in , that 's where private sector , seeing the opportunity , should be not waiting for governments but taking the lead and pulling governments along . " Figueres was joined in the debate by Felipe Calderon , President of Mexico , and Caio Koch-Weser , vice chairman of Deutsche Bank , discussing who should pay to combat climate change . Koch-Weser agreed : "  The business community is doing this already . They see the risk , see the opportunity . I think we are ahead because business thinks longer term than politicians . " Calderon , who has pledged to make Mexico one of the first developing countries to take a lead in combating climate change , said everyone should contribute to avert disaster . "  We will need a lot of public money , we will need a lot of private money , we will need the market , we will need new rules , we will need taxes . "  But , in any case , it will be cheaper than to pay the consequences of climate change . " He added that all countries should pay according to their circumstances . "  You have more money , you pay more ; your consumption of carbon is larger than mine , you must pay more ; but the point is everyone is going to pay the consequences , everyone has to contribute . " During the debate , hosted by CNN anchor Becky Anderson , Koch-Weser praised the efforts of Mexico , China and other emerging economies in tackling carbon emissions . He said : "  I think countries like Mexico and China have understood that this is compatible with growth , job creation and eradicating poverty . "  There 's a huge potential for competitive advantage and technological leap-frogging if you go for green growth , if you go for the big transformation that 's coming our way . "  Some call it the next industrial revolution , where you go for much more natural-resource saving generally and low-carbon future growth path . "  I think Mexico , China and other emerging economies are more vigorous than some mature market economies . " The panelists discussed the establishment of a global carbon market to make the highest polluters pay for their emissions . Koch-Weser , a member of the United Nations High-Level Advisory Committee on Climate Finance , said this could best be brought in by building on individual country pledges . He said : "  I 'm skeptical , unfortunately , that we will have in the foreseeable future a global carbon market , but what we will have is domestic schemes spring up . We have the European experience , of course . "  China is thinking as part of its next five-year plan about establishing carbon markets and we could link domestic markets , create regional markets and eventually lead back to an international agreement . " He added : "  We need a carbon price -- get the incentives right and humankind will be very innovative in responding . " Patrick Moore , the environmentalist , speaking to CNN separately , said a country 's individual circumstances need to be taken into account instead of trying to impose a one-size-fits-all solution . He said : "  If we really want to reduce our dependence on fossil fuels , if we really want to change technology , we really need to do it country by country , or perhaps bilateral agreements among countries that have similar circumstances . "  One of the main reasons that Kyoto has failed is that every country is different , some countries are rich , some countries are poor . " He added : "  How can you expect countries as disparate as this to have some kind of common cookie-cutter agreement on what everyone is supposed to do ? It 's impossible . "	Panelists discuss who should pay to tackle climate change U.N. climate change secretary says business should take the lead Mexican president calls for all nations to contribute
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama , speaking to a gathering of gay and lesbian activists , said Saturday that he is committed to equality , citing the repeal of the military 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy as an example . Obama said his accomplishments on gay rights issues have been substantial since he last headlined the annual National Dinner of the Human Rights Campaign , in 2009 . He acknowledged "  we have more work to do , " including on the issue of bullying . The president currently supports same-sex civil unions , and has said his views on gay marriage are "  evolving . " He recently announced his support of the Respect for Marriage Act , a bill that would repeal the Defense of Marriage Act , a 1996 law that defines marriage as between a man and a woman . Organizations working actively to legalize same-sex marriage say they hope Obama eventually changes his stance . While Obama spoke Saturday about equality , he did not speak on the marriage issue . The president chided participants in a Republican presidential debate last month for not rebuking members of the audience who booed a gay soldier who asked about the repeal of "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell . " "  We do n't believe in standing silent when that happens , " Obama said of the debate incident . "  You want to be commander-in-chief , you can start by standing up for the men and women who wear the uniform of the United States even when it is not politically convenient . " After the debate , former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum said he had n't heard the booing when the question was asked . Santorum was being asked the question when the incident occurred . Obama spoke of growing tolerance measured , he said , by ordinary Americans : "  A father realizes he does n't just love his daughter but also her wife . " Joe Solmonese , president of the Human Rights Campaign , said after the speech that Obama reaffirmed commitment to lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender Americans . "  It was a remarkable experience to see openly gay and lesbian uniformed service members in the audience be able to salute their commander in chief " about the repeal of "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell . " Obama 's remarks were delivered to a key constituency that has n't always been receptive to the president 's policies and style of leadership . "  I 'd like to see the president bring his message of support for the freedom to marry to a broader audience , perhaps in a conversational setting , so that all Americans can hear him talk about why marriage matters to loving gay and lesbian couples and their families , " said Evan Wolfson , the founder and president of Freedom to Marry . "  It is important that the president lay out the case for Americans opening their hearts to the values of fairness and treating others as they would want to be treated . " Wolfson , along with other organizations advocating for legal same-sex marriages , said the Obama administration had made significant progress on some issues , but that support for marriage equality was still an important goal . "  We applaud the administration 's progress , while we also encourage him to ` evolve faster ' on supporting full marriage equality , " Stuart Gaffney , media director for Marriage Equality USA , said Saturday . He said he was n't aware of any opposition within his organization to the HRC 's selection of Obama as their keynote speaker . "  We look forward to the day soon when our president stands with that pro-equality majority , " Gaffney added . The Log Cabin Republicans , an organization that represents gay and lesbian conservatives , said Obama 's appearance Saturday night was more about politics than substantive policy change . "  President Obama 's appearance at the Human Rights Campaign Dinner this evening is more emblematic of their role as an ostensibly partisan organization than a representation of the gay and lesbian community , " said Christian Berle , the group 's deputy executive director . Berle said Obama 's stance on gay marriage did n't match that of most Americans . "  As all Americans are becoming open to marriage equality , the president is taking a retreat , " Berle said . "  Instead he is turning to the gay community for money and applause . "  If the president wants to deserve all the money and adulation he has already received from the gay community , he should announce his firm support for everyone 's freedom to marry , " Berle said . Saturday 's event was expected to draw 3,000 gay activists , and took place at a convention center in downtown Washington . The speech was streamed live online . A CNN/ORC International poll taken Sept. 9-11 showed 53 % of Americans believe marriages between gay and lesbian couples should be considered valid . That number has steadily been rising in CNN/ORC International polls since 2008 . CNN 's Athena Jones contributed to this report .	NEW : President tweaks GOP hopefuls over debate incident Obama says he will continue to advocate for equality Many gay rights activists applaud Obama 's track record But some critics say he has done too little to advance same-sex marriage
CNN  -- With enough practice any hack can create a CAD rendering of a blender or produce an iPhone mockup that 'll earn hundreds of likes on Dribbble , but designing a device that convinces people to make a meal out of maggots ? That requires a special level of skill . Designer Katharina Unger is on a mission to make eating insects irresistible . The recent graduate from the University of Applied Arts in Vienna and current Fulbright Scholar devoted her thesis project , called Farm 432 : Insect Breeding , to developing an appliance that incubates insects for human consumption . The striking blue and white vessel is stocked with one gram of black soldier fly eggs , and over a period of 18 days , the eggs move through the device 's chambers , gestating , reproducing , and ultimately producing 2.4 kilograms of nutritious , if slightly nauseating , fly larva . This frightful food processor was invented to satisfy the meat cravings of the nine billion people expected to be living on Earth in 2050 . To support that population , protein production will have to double and farming , primarily livestock cultivation , already uses up half of the planet 's arable land , making it difficult to expand . Read this : Can this solar-powered watercraft save lives ? Many believe the solution will lie in entomophagy , also known as eating bugs , but getting Westerners to make insects a big part of their diet will require a marketing program the size of Mothra . Unger 's device hides the dirty and disgusting aspects of the process while employing design language from mainstream consumer products to make the concept seem more familiar . The concept unsettles many stomachs , but according to Unger , we already consume 500 grams worth of insects in our food annually . There can be up to 60 insect fragments in a 100 gram chocolate bar , and insect-infested fruits that ca n't be sold as produce are turned into juice . Starbucks even used crushed beetles to color their strawberry Frappucinos for a time . People seem willing to deal with the taste and texture of edible insects as long as they 're presented properly . Here are five design principles Unger employed to make her flies seem flavorful . Do your  repugnant  market research There are approximately 1,400 edible species of insect , yet there is n't a single skeevy sommelier to educate the masses about proper pest pairings . Unger took the challenge on herself and began sampling grasshoppers , crickets , mealworms , and other vile vittles . "  I felt okay with all that , but grabbing/touching the animals was gross , " she says . "  I knew the only way people would grow insects at home was without having to touch them . " This informed the design of the appliance and users never have to touch the insects until it 's time to cook . Read this : The ` talking ' streetlamps that save energy Make the disgusting delightful While most of her classmates were making models of cars or furniture , Unger was harvesting insects . Initially suspicious , her peers eventually came to appreciate the eco-friendly goal and even partook in a slightly terrifying taste test . Unger attributes this open-mindedness to the way her appliance produces the flies . "  We tend to associate insects with negative imagery : destroyed crops , plagues , manure , " she says . Her design is clean , almost to the point of being clinical , and promotes a sense of trust . "  Once people see how the larvae can be grown , that they clean themselves before they are ready to eat , they become very curious and forget their prejudices . " Create a community to go with your contraption The idea of eating bugs may seem bizarre now , but blogs devoted to entomophagy are popping up and award winning chefs have begun integrating creepy-crawlies into their cuisine . With the right products and promotion , Unger thinks the distasteful could eventually become delicacies . "  It is comparable with the backyard chicken movement or growing vegetables on your balcony , " she says . "  There are almost 2,000 edible insect species . The variety of tastes and different dishes is endless . We miss out a lot by not considering this food source ! " Pollinate your idea Unger did n't stop at growing the flies â $ " she also developed recipes , including a stellar tomato and larva risotto , to help make the icky output more enticing . She 's now working out how changing the diet of the larva would impact taste . "  I always speculated what happened if I gave them just one specific type of food , " she says . "  Maybe you could make them taste like strawberries ? " Create buzz Turning insects into a protein powder or peanut butter-like substance could help introduce edible insects to the mass market more smoothly , but Unger wanted her project to make a statement . "  I felt it would be inconsequential to suddenly hide the main product away , " she says . "  In the end it is not only about producing food , but also about the adventure of growing live animals in your home ! " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Austrian designer Katharina Unger made an appliance that harvests insects for us to eat Over 18 days black soldier fly eggs reproduce to make 2.4 kilograms of nutritious fly larva It was invented to meet the protein needs of the nine billion expected to be on Earth in 2050
CNN  -- The United States on Monday handed over control of a U.S.-run prison near Bagram Air Base to Afghan authorities . The handover of control of the detention center in Parwan fulfills an agreement between Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Afghan President Hamid Karzai . The detention facility has been a sticking point between U.S. and Afghan authorities , and tensions over the facility re-emerged this month with sharp words from Karzai that the commander of NATO 's International Security Assistance Force called "  inflammatory . " The handover deal was reached Saturday , but came a full year after the initial plan was announced by U.S and Afghan authorities . The original plan called for the prison and detainees to be handed over with six months , but in September , the United States "  paused " the transfer of detainees , which include suspected Taliban militants and insurgents . The U.S. military has not publicly discussed the specifics of the dispute . But a military official , speaking on the condition of anonymity , told CNN last year that the United States was holding on to several detainees over concerns about whether Afghan authorities will properly handle their cases and under what circumstances they might be released . Karzai has been adamant that all prisoners be under Afghan control . Last year , he called the U.S. failure to hand over all detainees at the facility a "  serious breach " in the deal outlining the transfer of power from U.S. forces to Afghanistan . Tensions between the NATO-led coalition forces -- especially those from the United States -- and Karzai have escalated since a bomb blast in Kabul earlier this month that killed nine people . Karzai said afterward that there are "  ongoing daily talks between Taliban , American and foreigners in Europe and in the Gulf states . " The comment effectively claimed the United States was trying to foment continued violence inside Afghanistan , and it was quickly denounced by NATO and U.S. officials . Some experts say Karzai 's comments have been fueled by frustration over the detention facility not being handed over , which he views as an attack on his country 's sovereignty . In an e-mail this month to top commanders , U.S. Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford , commander of ISAF , warned of new risks of attacks due to rising tensions between NATO forces and the Afghan president , an ISAF official told CNN . Karzai 's recent statements "  could be a catalyst for some to lash out against our forces -- he may also issue orders that put our forces at risk , " Dunford said . Barbara Starr reported from Washington and Chelsea J. Carter reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Jennifer Z. Deaton and Jake Tapper contributed to this report .	The United States transfers control of Parwan detainees The handover of the facility has been a sticking point between U.S. and Afghan authorities The handover took place a year after the initial plan was announced Originally , the transfer was to have taken place within six months
London , England  CNN  -- The death of a British soldier on an explosives-clearing operation in Afghanistan has pushed the British death toll there past that of the 1982 Falklands War , the Ministry of Defence announced Tuesday . The soldier 's death brings to 256 the number of British troops killed in Afghanistan since operations there began in 2001 , the defense ministry said . The British death toll from the Falklands conflict was 255 . The soldier , from the 36 Engineer Regiment , died Monday from an explosion in the Nad-e-Ali district of Afghanistan 's southern Helmand Province . He was part of a task force to clear roadside bombs . "  He was leading a team conducting route-clearance operations at the time , making the way ahead safe for others to follow , " said Lieutenant Colonel David Wakefield , a spokesman for Task Force Helmand . "  His indomitable courage and fortitude , the hallmark of his profession , will not be forgotten . " The Ministry of Defence did not release his name , but said his next of kin had been informed . Two soldiers from The Royal Scots Borderers , 1st Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland , were killed by an explosion Monday , also in Helmand Province , the defense ministry said . The deaths of those soldiers , whose names were not released , meant the total death toll matched that of the Falklands . "  Sad milestones such as this naturally attract attention in the UK , but in theater our people continue resolutely and courageously with the task of assisting Afghans to build their own future , " said Air Chief Marshal Jock Stirrup , chief of the British Defense Staff . "  We should not forget that each and every death of a member of our armed forces is a tragedy of equal proportion , " British Defense Secretary Bob Ainsworth said . "  Our thoughts at this time lie firmly with the families and friends of all the brave men and women fallen in Afghanistan , and we should all remember that every one of them has given their lives in defense of their -- and our -- country . " The Falkland Islands are a British territory located 670 miles  1,000 kilometers  from the coast of Argentina . Argentina has claimed sovereignty over the islands since they were occupied by the British in 1833 . Argentine troops invaded the islands in April 1982 , sparking a two-month war with intense land and sea battles . Argentina surrendered June 14 , having lost nearly 650 troops .	Latest casualty brings to 256 number of UK troops killed in Afghanistan Figure surpasses death toll sustained by British forces in 1982 Falklands war Most recent death sustained during explosive-clearing operations
CNN  -- The recent opening of the world 's first peak-to-peak suspension bridge in Switzerland is yet another example of how footbridges -- once simply built to provide passage over challenging obstacles -- are increasingly being designed with thrill seekers in mind . Here 's a closer look at this new Swiss beauty and other amazing footbridges around the world . Peak Walk by Tissot  Bernese Oberland , Switzerland In October , the world 's first pedestrian suspension bridge to connect two mountain peaks opened on Glacier 3000 in Switzerland 's Bernese Oberland . The 107-meter  351 feet  bridge connects View Point peak with Scex Rouge peak . Famed alpine peaks Mont Blanc , the Matterhorn , Eiger , Monch and Jungfrau can be all be seen from the bridge 's observation deck . The bridge , which cost $ 2 million dollars to build , will stay open all year around . Peak Walk by Tissot , Glacier 3000 , Route du Pillon 253 , Les Diablerets , Switzerland SkyBridge  Sochi , Russia The world 's longest pedestrian bridge forms part of Sochi 's new SkyPark attraction , which includes the world 's highest swing and a 700-meter-long zip wire . The 439-meter-long bridge has two observation platforms , both offering spectacular views of the Black Sea . There 's also a bungee jumping platform from the center of the structure . SkyPark Russia , Cossack Ford Street , Krasnoflotskay , Sochi , Russia Aiguille du Midi Bridge  Mont Blanc massif , France This bridge links the north and south peaks of the Aiguille du Midi in the French Alps , and is located 3,842 meters  12,604 feet  above sea level . Getting here involves a ride on the world 's highest vertical ascent cable car . From the top , visitors can see into France , Switzerland and Italy . Aiguille du Midi , Mont Blanc massif , France Tigbao Hanging Bridge  Bohol , Philippines This structure looks flimsier than it is -- it 's actually made of metal , but a bamboo top layer was added to give it an authentic -- or , depending on your perspective , scary -- look . It hangs 25 meters  82 feet  above the river . Visitors wanting to do their best Indiana Jones impression can even buy a facsimile hat at a stall on the riverbank . Loboc River , Loboc , Bohol , Philippines Taman Negara National Park Bridge  Titiwangsa Mountains , Malaysia At 530 meters long  1,650 feet  , this is Malaysia 's longest suspension bridge . We have a suspicion it 's the narrowest , too . It stretches across the top of the trees of Taman Negara , Malaysia 's largest national park . Visitors with a fear of heights will be reassured to know that the ropes are checked every morning . Taman Negara National Park , Titiwangsa Mountains , Malaysia Capilano Suspension Bridge  Vancouver , Canada The Capilano suspension bridge stretches 137 meters  450 feet  across and 70 meters  230 feet  above Vancouver 's Capilano River . It was originally built by Scottish engineer George Grant Mackay in 1889 , but was completely rebuilt in 1956 . Today , it 's Vancouver 's oldest and most popular attraction , receiving more than 700,000 visitors per year . Capilano Suspension Bridge Park , 3735 Capilano Road , North Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada Hanging Bridge of Ghasa  Nepal It 's not just humans who use this bridge -- donkeys , cows and goats use it , as well . In fact , it was built specifically for animals , as a solution to the congestion caused by cattle being herded up and down Ghasa 's narrow roads . Today , animals remain the biggest users of the Hanging Bridge of Ghasa , prodded along by the farmers who also use it to deliver produce to local families . Ghasa , Annapurna circuit , Nepal Trift Bridge  Gadmen , Switzerland This Swiss suspension bridge , which can only be accessed via a cable car , hangs above the Trift Glacier and has a length of 170 meters  557 feet  . It was built as a response to global warming -- until recently , the mountaineering hut at the top of the glacier could be reached on foot , but when the glacier started to shrink , the bridge became the only route of access . The structure is based on traditional Nepalese rope bridges and is the longest and highest in the Alps . Trift Bridge , Grimselworld Trail , Gadmen , Switzerland El Caminito Del Rey  Malaga , Spain One of many bridges on the El Caminito Del Rey  meaning "  the king 's little pathway "  , this cliff-hugging path in Spain was built to provide workers at the hydroelectric power plants at Chorro Falls and Gaitanejo Falls with a way to cross between them . It quickly became a tourist attraction , although it 's only recently reopened after major renovations . The entire walkway is just one meter wide and rises to over 100 meters  328 feet  above the river below . El Caminito Del Rey , El Chorro-Alora , Malaga , Spain The Marienbrucke  Bavaria , Germany Marienbrucke  or Mary 's Bridge  is located just a few meters from Bavaria 's beautiful Neuschwanstein Castle and spans the Pollat Gorge . It was named after Marie of Prussia , wife of King Maximilian II and mother of King Ludwig II , who built the castle . There was already a wooden bridge spanning the gorge , but King Ludwig II wanted something more substantial from which to watch his castle 's construction , so he replaced the wooden railings with iron ones . Pollat Gorge , Neuschwanstein , Bavaria , Germany MORE 15 amazing spots to find natural bridges Carrick-a-Rede Rope Bridge  County Antrim , Northern Ireland This bridge was originally constructed so that fishermen could cross the 30-meter-deep and 20-meter-wide gorge to check their salmon nets , but it 's since become one of Northern Ireland 's most popular tourist attractions . The nearby Sheep Island View Hostel has a collection of photographs depicting people performing various stunts on the bridge , including one local doing a handstand on a chair in the middle of the structure . Carrick-a-Rede Rope Bridge , Whitepark Road , Ballintoy , County Antrim , Northern Ireland Kokonoe "  Yume " Grand Suspension Bridge  Oita , Japan For now , the world 's longest pedestrian suspension bridge  see the next entry  stands at 173 meters  567 feet  above the Naruko-gawa River . It 's 390-meters long  1,279 feet  and was built in 2006 . Visitors flock to it for the views of the Shindonotaki falls . After a hike across the bridge you can soak in the nearby hot springs -- almost a fifth of Japan 's hot springs can be found in Oita Prefecture . Kokonoe "  Yume " Grand Suspension Bridge , 1208 Tano , Kokonoe-machi , Kusu-gun , Oita , Japan Highline179  Reutte , Austria Later this month , the world 's longest pedestrian suspension bridge will officially open , connecting the Ehrenberg Castle ruins with Fort Claudia in Reutte , Austria . The bridge , which will have a length of 403 meters  1,322 feet  and a height of 110 meters  360 feet  , will snatch the title from Japan 's Kokonoe "  Yume " Grand Suspension Bridge . The Highline179 is named after the tourist route that winds through this part of the Austrian state of Tryol . Highline179 , Ehenbichl , 6600 Reutte , Austria Tamara Hinson is a freelance travel writer based in the UK .	Located in Sochi , Russia 's new record-breaking SkyBridge is 439 meters long Travelers can view France , Switzerland and Italy from the Aiguille du Midi bridge More animals than people use the Hanging Bridge of Ghasa in Nepal Based on traditional Nepalese rope bridges , Trift Bridge is the longest and highest in the Alps
CNN  -- What are iconic and twisted and no longer free ? Pretzels aboard some Continental Airlines flights . Continental stopped serving complimentary snacks to passengers flying coach on domestic routes this week . The change is consistent with the carrier 's merger-partner United Airlines ' policy of food for purchase . "  We are removing beverage snacks -- pretzels and Biscoff -LSB- cookies -RSB- -- in an effort to reduce costs and align ourselves with many of our network competitors , " Continental representative Andrew Farraro said . Continental expects the pretzel and cookie cut could save $ 2.8 million annually . The move comes after some domestic airlines , including American and US Airways , have already dropped free in-flight treats . Delta , JetBlue , Airtran and Southwest still offer freebies . Delta , the last major legacy airline to provide them , has no plans to downsize its snack system . "  We believe complimentary snacks are an appropriate component to the flight , " Delta representative Chris Kelly Singley said . "  There are no plans of changing that right now . " Raymond Kollau of Airlinetrends.com said the once-popular "  free snack " is no longer a travel staple or airline standard . "  Continental 's move is just another sign of legacy carriers reducing amenities in order to shave off a bit of their costs in an industry with cutthroat competition and razor-thin margins , " he said . Rather than spending millions on reintroducing free in-flight food on United flights , Continental is staying consistent with its merger-partner and creating room for profit with snack packs starting at $ 3.95 on coach flights , he said . "  For passengers , it means another ` full-service ' airline that eliminates even the most basic amenities , " Kollau said . "  Of course , passengers wo n't walk away from Continental because their free snack has gone , but what is left of their sympathy for the airline is disappearing fast this way . Although a small service , I think the free snack is quite valued by passengers . " Hungry air travelers could blame rising fuel costs , said global aviation consultant Mike Boyd of Boyd Group International . "  It 's to be expected when the price goes over $ 3 a gallon , " he said . "  They 're going to be doing whatever they can . I do n't know what they 'll cut next , but I 'm sure they 'll find something . " Boyd said snack removal should n't be considered a calamity . Passengers will shrug and fly anyway . "  We 're talking about a bag of pretzels here , " he said . "  I call that litter in the seat back pocket . "	Continental has stopped serving free snacks to coach passengers on domestic routes Some of the airline 's competitors have also dropped complimentary in-flight treats The competitive market and fuel costs are to blame , experts say
Tegucigalpa , Honduras  CNN  -- The finance minister of Honduras has resigned after police arrested his wife . Authorities said they found a stash of money totaling more than $ 57,000 in her car . After resigning Wednesday , former Finance Minister Hector Guillen told CNN affiliate Televicentro that the money was obtained as part of a loan . But authorities said they were investigating whether his wife , Dinora , was laundering money . "  Here in this country , it 's not that it 's prohibited to carry money . But what is prohibited is not having proof of where the money came from . I ca n't say whether they are money laundering . The law is clear and is being applied , " said Juan Carlos Bonilla , the nation 's police chief . In Honduras , the law requires anyone transporting the equivalent of more than $ 10,000 to declare it before authorities and establish where it came from . Guillen 's wife was transporting 1.12 million lempiras , worth more than $ 57,000 . A special prosecutor for organized crime is handling the case . "  What the prosecutors ... will look for objectively is whether the money was acquired in a legal manner , " said Carlos Vallecillo , a spokesman for the office . Police say the former finance minister 's wife could not prove where the money came from when she was stopped by police Tuesday . Guillen resigned the next day , but he told CNN affiliate Televicentro that no one in his family had committed a crime . The money was a financier 's loan that was intended to be used to buy dollars and pay a supplier in Guatemala who provides products for a bed store the former finance minister owns , he said . "  My wife and my son did not know they were carrying the money until they were stopped by the police . Only the driver was aware of the situation because it was a last-minute thing , " Guillen said . "  It will be the courts that determine this situation , " he added , "  and in order to protect my family and my honor I have taken the decision to resign from my post in order to face life , as I always have done , honestly and fully . " If the family can not clarify where the money came from , they could be charged with laundering money and face up to 20 years in prison .	Hector Guillen resigns as finance minister , but says his family committed no crime Police stop his wife 's car and find Honduran currency worth more than $ 57,000 Authorities are investigating whether his wife was laundering money Anyone transporting more than $ 10,000 must prove where the money came from , law says
CNN  -- In the past week sanctions have been handed down in both South Africa and Italy in relation to a growing trend that is fast becoming a stain on soccer 's integrity -- match-fixing . But FIFPro , the worldwide players ' union , are preparing a project to tackle fixing , that will include an education program and an online tool for their members to report illegal approaches . Match-fixing has proved a particular problem for Italian football in recent years . Napoli were hit with a two-point penalty that dropped them from third to fifth in Serie A as part of an ongoing investigation , though they vehemently deny any wrongdoing . Defender Paolo Cannavaro is appealing his six-month ban for failing to report an illegal approach . Juventus coach Antonio Conte recently returned from a 10-match touchline ban imposed for failing to report match-fixing while coach at Siena . In 2006 , Juve were stripped of two league titles and relegated to the third division of Italian football -- before later being reinstated in the second tier -- for their part in the "  Calciopoli " scandal . Elsewhere , the president of the South African Football Association  SAFA  and four other officials were suspended this week as part of an investigation into match-fixing ahead of the country hosting the FIFA World Cup in 2010 . It is alleged four friendly games were prearranged for the benefit of convicted Singaporean match-fixer Wilson Perumal and his Football 4U organization . FIFPro have European Union funding behind their ` Do n't Fix It ' project and will be working closely with Birkbeck University and European soccer 's governing body UEFA . The initiative will be launched in nine countries : England , Finland , Greece , Hungary , Italy , Norway , Romania , Scotland and Slovenia . "  In the past few years , the football world has realized that match fixing is one of the biggest threats to the game , maybe even its biggest threat , " FIFPro said in a stament on their website . "  It is not solely a problem of individual countries , as recent reports and incidents have proven that match fixing is widespread in numerous nations on all continents : from Finland to Zimbabwe , from Malaysia to Italy . "  In FIFPro 's opinion , one of the ways to reduce the incidence of match fixing and the potential for match fixing in football is education of the players : the campaigns need to be taken into the dressing rooms of the clubs . " Once their online reporting method is up and running FIFPro estimate a total of 12,000 players and 20,000 people associated with the game will be able to disclose any bullying , intimidation , harassment , and inappropriate approaches .	Worldwide soccer players ' union FIFPro launches project to combat match-fixing Players will be able to report any illegal approaches or behavior via an online tool FIFPro also to raise awareness of the problems among players , coaches and referees Match fixing cases in South Africa and Italy have emerged recently
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwean lawmakers on Monday narrowly voted for Lovemore Moyo as speaker of the parliament -- making him the first opposition lawmaker to hold the position in the country 's history . Morgan Tsvangirai 's MDC faction has a slim majority following parliamentary elections . "  This is historic as it ceases to be a rubber-stamping house , " Moyo said after winning the position . "  It will ensure that progressive laws are passed . I promise to be professional . " Moyo -- the national chairman of the main Movement for Democratic Change  MDC  party -- received 110 votes while his only opponent , Paul Themba-Nyathi , received 98 votes . The speaker of the parliament is the fourth most powerful post in Zimbabwe . Themba-Nyathi represented the splinter MDC faction led by Arthur Mutambara , but he had support of President Robert Mugabe 's ZANU-PF party . The vote took place hours after Mugabe swore in lawmakers , five months after they were elected . Two members of the main MDC -- led by presidential candidate Morgan Tsvangirai -- were arrested as they arrived at the opening session , but they were released after a short time , according to a government spokesman . An MDC official said the arrests were part of the "  sinister agenda of this regime " to "  tilt the balance of numbers in their favour during the voting for the speaker of parliament . " One of those detained -- Shuwa Mudiwa -- appeared back in parliament , but the other member -- Elia Jembere -- was not seen , according to sources . Government spokesman Bright Matonga said Jembere had been accused of rape , but that he has been released from custody . A third member -- Elton Mangoma -- escaped an arrest attempt when other party members came to his rescue , MDC officials said . Attendance at the session of parliament is important since the membership is closely divided between the MDC and the Mugabe 's ZANU-PF . The ruling ZANU-PF party lost its majority in the 210-seat parliament in elections in March , but vote recounts and political violence have delayed the body from convening until now . Final results gave 100 seats to an MDC faction led by Morgan Tsvangirai , the party 's presidential candidate . President Robert Mugabe 's ZANU-PF got 99 seats . An offshoot of the main MDC party , led by Arthur Mutambara , won 10 seats . An independent candidate won one seat . Tsvangirai , who was locked in a bitter presidential contest with Mugabe , had objected to Mugabe 's decision to convene parliament , saying it could "  decapitate " power-sharing talks that have been on hold for the past two weeks . Still , Tsvangirai said he would attend the swearing-in ceremony . MDC party spokesman Nelson Chamisa said all MDC members elected to parliament were expected to attend "  except those few MPs who are still in hiding . " CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse in Johannesburg , South Africa contributed to this report .	Moyo received 110 votes , opponent Paul Themba-Nyathi received 98 votes Themba-Nyathi represented the splinter MDC faction led by Arthur Mutambara MDC 's Shuwa Mudiwa and Elia Jembere arrested outside parliament building Ruling ZANU-PF party lost majority in 210-seat parliament in March elections
Des Moines , Iowa  CNN  -- The polls are tight , the ads are flooding the airwaves , the harsh rhetoric is rising , and the surrogates are stumping hard all over the state . There is one "  X-factor " that will put one of the Iowa Senate candidates over the top : Good , old-fashioned door-knocking -- except , it 's not old-fashion anymore . Political door knocking is now a data-driven operation , making it as critical a piece of high tech campaign strategies as the endless fundraising solicitations delivered daily to supporters ' inboxes . Canvassers only go to targeted households identified by algorithms using early voting/absentee voting data , party registration , voting history , and other micro-targeting information that create a stronger profile of a person or household 's likelihood to vote for their own candidates . The practice could be the major deciding factor here in one of the country 's closest Senate races and whether it goes to Democratic Congressman Bruce Braley or Republican State Sen. Joni Ernst , and whether Democrats can maintain control the Senate itself . But these volunteers are n't just trying to get voters for Election Day . They want to build their lead with early voting before polls open on Tuesday . "  The big advantage for the party , from the party 's perspective , is we do n't have to employ resources on the day of -- on Election Day -- to get out the vote because we know you 've already voted . And you wo n't get any calls either , " Democrat Scott Marron explained to a voter who called himself "  a Braley guy " while canvassing a quiet Des Moines neighborhood . Iowa Democrats traditionally dominate this area , giving them a significant lead . Republicans say this year they have the competitive edge . In 2012,65,000 more registered Democrats voted absentee than registered Republicans . On Election Day , Republicans out-voted Democrats by over 20,000 , but it was n't enough to stop the Hawkeye state from giving President Barack Obama an important win during his reelection bid . Recognizing how detrimental this and other statewide losses were , local campaigns , the state party , and national Republicans combined efforts , including employing a smartphone app called "  Advantage " to increase accuracy and productivity of door knocking this year . "  It 's a much more efficient , much more personal way for people to connect with their neighbors and get the vote out , " Iowa communications director Michael Brickman told CNN . "  In years past the early voting especially was a huge Democratic advantage ; we realized we needed to do something to help catch up . " Republican volunteers walk in groups of two or three , with one person solely dedicated to updating the app and directing the others towards houses with information on who lives there , biographical data and voting status . If the person is home and a conversation is had  so far , no technology to improve that  , they immediately update the app based on the talk that 's transmitted to the party in real time , who can change their models and update their current map of houses before they even knock on the next door . Democrats use similar data to target voters but still use clipboards , known as "  turf packs " to write down responses and input them later into a computer . Both campaigns say their strategies are fueling their eventual win . Democrats insist that instead of focusing on getting out their base who votes consistently , they are trying to turnout "  sporadic " voters , or people who do n't normally vote in a midterm election . "  Our strategy this year is to expand the electorate . For us that means turning out non-traditional voters , " said Christina Freundlich , communications director of the Iowa Democratic Party . "  We right now are leading with these nontraditional voters by 14,000 votes . These 14,000 extra votes ... represent over 1 % of the expected final electorate . " Republicans disagree , saying their share of absentee voters have grown , while the Democrats ' share is shrinking . They maintain Democrats have more unreturned ballots than Republicans . "  We 're seeing success like never before . Democrats are usually up by tens of thousands of votes , " Brickman said . He pointed to the over 15,000 absentee vote advantage they had in 2010 , "  which we all know was a good year for Republicans ... Democrats simply are n't getting those numbers this time around . " Every day , the Iowa Secretary of State publicly releases data with absentee voting numbers . The campaigns , and other entities that have requested them , receive more detailed reports with names , voter ID numbers , and voting status  those who have requested ballots and returned them , as well as those who have voted early  . The campaigns then crunch this data and update their models to target potential voters . This filters through to turf reports and app , arming canvassers with the best intelligence available . These tactics are working . Over 345,000 absentee votes have been cast so far in this election , according to the Iowa Secretary of State 's office . That 's about 50,000 more than this point of the 2010 midterm elections . The candidates are doing their part in a more traditional way , encouraging their supporters at every stop to take part . "  I need you . I need you to go out and vote , I need you to call a friend , I need you to talk to a neighbor and tell them why you 're supporting me in this election and make sure they get out and vote , " Ernst told supporters in Tuskaloosa , echoing the same message from her previous stops . "  I ca n't do it alone . " Both clearly understand the data and how to apply it effectively . "  We need you to keep knocking on doors , get those absentee ballots returned , " Braley implored volunteers in Dubuque . "  I 'm counting on you to get across the finish line . "	Door-knocking is still playing a role in the campaign for Iowa 's open Senate seat Canvassers are using algorithms to target voters likely to vote for their candidates To track voter data , Democratic canvassers use clipboards while Republicans have turned to a phone app 50,000 more absentee ballots have been cast so far this year than at this point in 2010
Washington  CNN  -- Veteran sports anchor George Michael died early Thursday after a two-year battle with cancer , according to his former TV station . Michael , 70 , was known nationally for "  The George Michael Sports Machine , " a syndicated TV show that ran nationwide for 27 years . He was a sports anchor on WRC-TV -- NBC 's channel 4 in Washington , D.C. -- for more than 25 years . "  Michael was a prominent fixture , providing the most accurate and spirited sports news and highlights , " Washington Mayor Adrian Fenty said . "  He truly captured the hearts and minds of sports fans in the District and around the country . " A statement issued by the station said "  George was a pioneer in sports broadcasting . " "  He was a gifted interviewer , a master storyteller , and one of the hardest working journalists out there , " the station said . Michael retired from broadcasting in March 2007 . He is survived by his wife , Pat , and his daughter , Michelle Allen , the station said .	"  The George Michael Sports Machine , " a syndicated TV show , ran for 27 years He was a sports anchor for Washington 's NBC affiliate for more than 25 years Station : "  He was a gifted interviewer , a master storyteller " Survivors include his wife , Pat , and daughter Michelle
CNN  Hopes that a peace process might take hold in Ukraine this year were quickly dashed by the resumption of heavy fighting last week around Ukraine 's Donetsk airport . Now , as the tenuous ceasefire observed over the holidays falls apart , the question is whether this latest violation of the Minsk ceasefire agreement is the beginning of a separatist offensive to claim more territory . It certainly looks that way . On January 13 , the leaders of Donetsk People 's Republic  DNR  , one of the two breakaway pro-Russian enclaves in Ukraine 's Donbass region , issued Ukrainian troops an ultimatum to surrender Donetsk airport . Since then , the long standing derelict control tower , subject to months of shelling , has finally collapsed and with it any likelihood that this conflict will stay frozen over the winter . The assault triggered a Ukrainian counterattack , and erupted into a full scale conflagration . Ukraine 's defense ministry has said it has withdrawn from the main terminal at Donetsk airport , but it is doubtful that separatist forces only have that in their sights anyway . After all , although the site holds symbolic value for both sides , it is a hulking ruin and of little strategic relevance . And the leader of DNR , Alexander Zakharchenko , has made clear he believes the borders of his breakaway republic should include the entire Donetsk region , which is double the current territory he controls . Such ambitions are not likely to be realized during the freezing cold of January , but separatist forces are now engaged in combat north of Luhansk and as far south as Mariupol . It is difficult to see Russia 's army sitting out on the sidelines as all this unfolds , leaving the stage set for another battle between Ukrainian and Russian regular forces as Ukraine 's leadership and army are put to the test again . True , the separatist force barely numbers 25,000-30 ,000 , and only a fraction of it is combat-capable . But the timing of this latest operation is clearly aimed at fostering instability in Ukraine at a moment of economic weakness , rather than taking advantage of any newfound military opportunity . Ukraine 's cash reserves fell to $ 7.5 billion in December , while the political leadership is desperately awaiting a new tranche of funding from the IMF , without which Ukraine may soon go bankrupt . Meanwhile , Ukraine faces an incredibly difficult year due to GDP contraction , inflation , currency devaluation , and anticipated fiscal austerity measures . Since much of its army depends on volunteer donations to survive in the field , prolonged fighting will create unbearable strain , on the people and the country . And despite Russia 's economic woes , as well as the impact of Western sanctions , nothing seems to have visibly constrained Moscow 's policies in Ukraine . In retrospect , it is clear Russia had no intention of starting this year with negotiations , rather than military action to change facts on the ground . Russian leaders are for their part trapped in a dilemma of their own making . They are unable to secure Russian influence in Ukraine through the current agreement , in a manner that relieves sanctions , and satisfies separatist desires for a viable independent territory . Ukraine 's President Petro Poroshenko , of course also lacks domestic political support for a genuine compromise with Moscow , having created a coalition government with his political rival . However , it is Russia that struggles under sanctions and must find a way out of the current situation . And unfortunately , the only way out for Moscow seems to be war . For Russia , the Minsk agreement is a dead end . The fact is that it should be for the United States as well . Making Russia stick to this agreement , despite its uselessness in achieving any path to settlement in the conflict , is a negotiating position that is unrealistic and has run its course . The pressure of sanctions is insufficient to coerce Russia away from using force , meaning that instead of a diplomatic victory , the West is witnessing Ukraine cede more territory to the separatists . Another defeat will shake its political system as well . How should the West respond ? The U.S. has no good choices , only hard decisions to make . The first priority should be to negotiate a new ceasefire to end the bloodshed . If separatist goals are truly limited , it should not take long . Then , the Minsk agreement should be scrapped as a basis for settlement . That is far from Ukraine 's first choice , but it is not in a position to expect best outcomes , especially when its army is in retreat . Meanwhile , the West needs to work with Russian and Ukrainian leaders to come up with new terms . The framework will look similar to Minsk , but sanctions and economic woes have undoubtedly created strategic clarity in Moscow about the need for this conflict to end this year . Plus , the latest fighting will change Kiev 's perspective as well . If all this proves unsuccessful , then there is nothing to stop Western leaders from providing more weapons to Ukraine , or imposing new hardships on Russia . The latest fighting demonstrates the limits of what those policies might accomplish for Ukraine . Russia has not been brought to heel . It is time to try for a new peace settlement .	Fighting has erupted in past week at Ukraine 's Donetsk airport Michael Kofman : U.S. has no good choices , only hard decisions to make
Editor 's note : Watch the full interview with Serena Williams on "  Your $ $ $ $ $ " Saturday at 1 p.m. ET and Sunday at 3 p.m. ET on CNN . Serena Williams says she believes she apologized for her actions promptly and completely . NEW YORK  CNN  -- Serena Williams just wants to move on . But the controversy around her obscenity-laced tirade at a line judge at the U.S. Open continues . Williams , 27 , said she was "  in the moment " and does n't really remember her now-famous outburst at a line judge who had called a foot fault . It was a 12-second verbal attack that has played over and over for three days . "  It was a really tough point in the match and it was really close and got a really tough call that was n't the correct call , and , you know , things got a little heated and I had a conversation with the line judge that did n't go so well , " Williams said . Williams , ranked No. 2 in the world by the Women 's Tennis Association , said she does not recall moments of Saturday 's incident but believes she apologized for her actions promptly and completely . Watch Williams talk about call " "  I could n't apologize any sooner , and then also I learned from my mistakes ... I was talking to -LSB- former Giants defensive end -RSB- Michael Strahan earlier today and he said how , when he 's out there you 're so intense . Obviously , when you get a bad call , it 's like ` What 's going on ? ' So when you 're in the moment , you are just there . You do n't really quite remember exactly what 's going on , " Williams said . Williams found herself explaining her outburst while promoting her recently published memoir , "  On the Line , " in which she details growing up the youngest of five sisters , her struggles on the court and off , and her positive messages of inspiration , especially to her younger fans . "  Those kids probably just need to know it 's great to be a competitor , how passionate someone is , and just making the right decisions at the right time -- realizing that , hey , everyone falls , ` Wow , she 's human , she made a bad decision , a bad choice . ' " Williams added , "  I am not a robot . I have a heart and I bleed . " In the aftermath of Saturday 's match , tournament officials fined Williams $ 10,000 for unsportsmanlike conduct and $ 500 for smashing a racket during the same event . So far , no suspensions have been served , but the United States Tennis Association has said that it has launched an investigation into the incident .	Tennis star 's obscenity-laced tirade at the U.S. Open stays in the spotlight She 's fielding questions about it as she promotes new book Williams says she was "  in the moment " and does n't remember all that was said Her young fans can now see "  she 's human , she made a bad decision , " she says
CNN  -- In a written statement provided to police just after her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee , was reported missing , Casey Anthony told authorities she had looked for the little girl every day for a month , and "  after 31 days , I know that the only thing that matters is getting my daughter back , " according to testimony in her murder trial Wednesday . "  I have lied and stolen from friends and family to do whatever I could , by any means , to find my daughter , " Anthony said in a written statement to the Orange County , Florida , Sheriff 's Office . "  I avoided calling the police or notifying my family out of fear . I have been , and still am , afraid of what has , or may happen to Caylee . " Caylee was last seen June 16 , 2008 , according to testimony . She was not reported missing until July 15 , 2008 . Casey Anthony , 25 , is charged with seven counts in Caylee 's death , including first-degree murder , aggravated child abuse and misleading police . If convicted , she could face the death penalty . She has pleaded not guilty and denied harming her daughter or having anything to do with the little girl 's disappearance or death . Defense attorney Jose Baez has said that once all the facts are known , it will become clear his client is innocent . Yuri Melich , who was the lead investigator assigned to the case from the sheriff 's office , testified Wednesday that he reviewed the written statement and interviewed Anthony in the early morning hours of July 16 . A recording of that interview was played for jurors Wednesday . Anthony told him that Zenaida Fernandez-Gonzalez , Caylee 's nanny for the past year and a half to two years , had kidnapped the child . She told Melich she had met Gonzalez through a friend , Jeffrey Hopkins , and that Gonzalez had also watched Hopkins ' son . Asked who she had told about the kidnapping , Anthony said she had told no one besides Hopkins and a co-worker at Universal Studios , Juliette Lewis . Testimony in her trial has shown that Hopkins and Lewis apparently do not exist and that Anthony apparently did not return to her job at Universal Studios after giving birth to Caylee in 2005 , although she led her family and friends to think she still worked there . Asked for phone numbers of Hopkins and Lewis , Anthony told Melich she did n't have them at present but could find them . Authorities were never able to find the nanny . They did find a woman named Zenaida Gonzalez , who claimed she had never met Caylee or Casey Anthony and later sued for defamation . Asked by Melich during the interview why she had n't notified authorities for the 31 days Caylee had been missing , Anthony said , "  I think part of me was naive enough to think that I could handle this myself , which obviously I could n't . And I was scared that something would happen to her if I did notify the authorities or got the media involved , or my parents , which I know would have done the same thing . Just the fear of the unknown . Fear of the potential of Caylee getting hurt , of not seeing my daughter again . " She denied injuring Caylee or leaving her anywhere , and raised her right hand at the end of the interview to swear she was telling the truth . "  Every day I have gone to malls , parks , any place I could remember Zenaida taking Caylee , " she said in the written statement . "  I have gone out and tried to find out any information about Caylee , or Zenaida ... going to a popular bar , or restaurant . " Prosecutors allege Anthony was not looking for her daughter during the month she was missing . Instead , she was staying with her boyfriend , spending time in Orlando with numerous friends , attending parties , going shopping and hitting nightclubs , including participating in a "  hot body " contest , according to testimony . Her former boyfriend , friends and acquaintances have all testified that she did not mention her daughter being missing during that time and that they noticed nothing different about her demeanor . Anthony told police she had received a call from her daughter July 15 but does not say in her statement what conversation the two had . Earlier Wednesday , her brother , Lee Anthony , testified she had told him about the phone call when she admitted Caylee was missing and that she said she had told Caylee to put an adult on the phone . Following the interview , Melich testified that Anthony directed him to several residences in Orlando where she said Gonzalez lived or had previously lived . He testified he learned later that one of the residences was across the street from where Anthony 's former boyfriend , Ricardo Morales , lived , but she did not mention that at the time . On cross-examination , Baez tried to get Melich to say that he considered Anthony a suspect and her story untrue from the outset , but Melich denied that . After arguing the issue outside the presence of the jury , Baez agreed not to question Melich at this time on whether he was a blogger , "  Dick Tracy Orlando , " who had written about the Anthony case after Orange County Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. appeared disinclined to allow it . Earlier Wednesday , the first police officer to arrive at the Anthony home on July 15 after Caylee was reported missing testified that Casey Anthony was initially reluctant to provide him with information regarding the little girl 's whereabouts . Orange County , Florida , sheriff 's Cpl. Rendon Fletcher told jurors that he asked Anthony about her daughter , but "  she really did n't say much . ... She was n't very forthcoming with anything , any type of information , initially . " But , he said , eventually Anthony told him that "  her daughter had been missing for a period of time , " about a month , and that the last time she had seen Caylee was in the custody of the nanny , Gonzalez . She agreed to show the deputies where Gonzalez 's apartment was , rode with them to the Sawgrass Apartments and pointed out a second-floor apartment , Fletcher testified . When he approached the apartment , he said , he could see the blinds were open but saw no furniture inside , and "  it appeared to be vacant . " He knocked , he said , but got no answer . Amanda Macklin , community manager for the Sawgrass Apartments , testified Wednesday afternoon that the apartment in question , number 210 , was vacant at the time Anthony led deputies there . She said she researched the last occupant of the apartment , but that person was not named Zenaida Gonzalez -- and , in fact , a Zenaida Gonzalez had never lived in any apartment at the complex . Caylee 's skeletal remains were found in December 2008 in a wooded field not far from the home of Casey Anthony 's parents , George and Cindy Anthony . Prosecutors allege that Anthony used chloroform on her daughter and then suffocated her by putting duct tape over her nose and mouth . Anthony 's defense has claimed that the little girl drowned in her grandparents ' pool on June 16 , the day she was last seen , and that Casey Anthony and her father panicked and kept the death a secret . George Anthony has denied that claim in testimony . Casey Anthony 's defense attorney explains her behavior in June and July 2008 by saying she had been sexually abused as a child by her father -- and , to a lesser extent , her brother -- and was taught from a young age to hide her pain . George Anthony has also denied abusing his daughter in previous testimony . Neither side asked Casey Anthony 's brother about sexual abuse allegations during his testimony on Wednesday . Cross-examining the officers who were at the Anthony home the night of July 15 , 2008 , Casey Anthony 's defense attorneys managed to establish that George Anthony appeared calm , compared to his upset wife . Lee Anthony did testify Wednesday about a confrontation between his mother and sister on the night of July 15 , just before Cindy Anthony called police . The two were arguing about Caylee 's whereabouts , he said . At that point , according to Cindy Anthony 's previous testimony , she had not seen her daughter or granddaughter for weeks . Casey Anthony kept insisting the little girl was with her nanny , Lee Anthony said , and could be picked up the next day . She maintained Caylee was already asleep by that point and she did n't want to disturb her or disrupt her routine . Lee Anthony told jurors he offered to go get Caylee or have his roommate do it . He said he was becoming frustrated with his sister , as "  nothing was making sense to me . Why could n't we or anybody just go get Caylee and bring her home ? There 's no reason to fight with Mom at this point . " He said his sister told him that their mother had told her she was an unfit mother , adding , "  Maybe I am . " When he asked her why she was n't allowing her family to see Caylee , however , Casey Anthony said something to the effect of , "  Because maybe I 'm a spiteful bitch , " he recalled . But Lee Anthony said as he questioned her , a crying Casey Anthony eventually told him the little girl was missing and that the nanny had kidnapped her , he testified . On Tuesday , a former friend of Casey Anthony 's testified that Anthony was growing more frustrated with her parents around the time Caylee was last seen . Amy Huizenga said Anthony complained frequently about her parents , particularly her mother . "  I remember she told me her mom had told her she was an unfit mother . She was extremely upset about that , " she said . Huizenga said Anthony had to cancel plans "  fairly frequently " because she had no one to watch her daughter . It was happening more frequently during the spring of 2008 , Huizenga said , and the "  frustration was greater . " Lee Anthony and Huizenga also referenced a bad odor regarding Casey Anthony 's Pontiac Sunfire . The odor has been the subject of testimony by several witnesses . Prosecutors allege it could have stemmed from human decomposition . During cross-examination , Fletcher , the deputy , told Baez the garage door was open when he arrived and he walked through the garage , but did not notice a foul odor coming from the car . Other officers said they did notice the odor .	NEW : Detective denies he considered Casey Anthony a suspect from the outset Anthony told authorities she did n't report the girl missing out of "  fear " She says she has looked for her daughter every day Casey Anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee , in 2008
It was around 2:30 a.m. on June 17 when Odin Lloyd climbed into a silver Nissan Altima . He had company . Hours later , Lloyd was dead , shot with a .45 - caliber firearm and later found lying in a gravel pit in the southeastern Massachusetts town of North Attleborough . As of Friday afternoon , the three others who had been in the car with Lloyd were in custody , authorities said . "  We believe we have the three individuals ... and we 're very pleased about that , " Bristol County , Massachusetts , District Attorney Sam Sutter said . Foremost among the suspects is Aaron Hernandez . He 'd been a star tight end with the New England Patriots , at least until the team released him shortly after his arrest Wednesday . The Bristol , Connecticut , native pleaded not guilty this week to a premeditated murder charge , among others . "  It is a circumstantial case . It is not a strong case , " his attorney , Michael Fee , said this week in court . The cloud over Hernandez does n't end there . A law enforcement source told CNN that Boston police are "  very active " -- and making progress -- in trying to connect the dots that could link Hernandez to an unsolved drive-by shooting that left two people dead last summer in Boston 's South End . In a related development , a silver sport utility vehicle owned by Hernandez that police believe is linked to that double homicide was impounded in Bristol , a law enforcement source told CNN . The Boston Globe reports that the unsolved shooting deaths of two men might have played a role in the motive for Lloyd 's death . The newspaper quoted two law enforcement officials as saying Lloyd may have had information linking Hernandez to the shooting . "  The motive might have been that the victim knew  Hernandez  might have been involved , " the paper said , quoting one of the officials , who asked for anonymity due to the sensitive nature of the investigation . For now , prosecutors contend that something Lloyd may have done or said did n't sit well with the NFL standout . Two days later , they allege , Hernandez rounded up some friends and orchestrated the hit , to settle the score . On Wednesday , the same day authorities showed up at Hernandez 's door and took him away in a police car , 27-year-old Carlos Ortiz was similarly arrested in Bristol and charged as a fugitive from justice . Ortiz was in a Massachusetts court Friday . According to his attorney , John Connors , Ortiz pleaded not guilty to a single charge of carrying a firearm without a license . The charge was related to an incident that allegedly took place in Massachusetts , though it was not immediately known if it had any connection with Lloyd 's killing or the double homicide in 2012 . He 'll remain behind bars until a July 9 hearing at which time Connors said he plans to press a judge to set bail . "  Mr. Ortiz struck me as being a gentle person who is confused as to how he is in this situation , " Connors said following his first , brief meeting with his client Friday afternoon . " ... We 're going to try and prove he 's not guilty . " Meanwhile , Ernest Wallace turned himself in Friday in Miramar , Florida , nearly 1,500 miles away . Police there said Wallace had seen news reports of an arrest warrant being issued for him out of North Attleborough . Wallace appeared before a judge in Broward County , Florida , on Saturday , and is charged with accessory after the fact of murder . Lloyd 's last few hours Prosecutors have alleged Lloyd 's killing had something to do with a run-in between him and Hernandez over the weekend . The two met up at the popular Boston dance club , Rumor , according to Lloyd 's sister , Olivia Thibou . Who was Odin Lloyd ? Then , in the predawn hours of June 17 , Hernandez swung by in the rented Altima to pick up Lloyd -- a semipro football player who also worked as a landscaper and was dating the sister of Hernandez 's fiancee -- at the latter 's Boston home , prosecutors say . They stopped at a gas station and bought things inside . One purchase may be a potentially key piece of evidence : a pack of blue bubblegum . Prosecutors said that cell phone towers nearby tracked the men 's movements . Lloyd had his phone on and texted his sister at 3:23 a.m. , likely minutes before his death . "  NFL . Just so you know , " he texted his sister to let her know who he was with . About 3:25 a.m. -- two minutes after the message -- gunshots shattered the quiet night , according to witnesses . Guns and bubblegum Not five minutes passed before a surveillance camera captured video of Hernandez carrying a gun as he arrived back at his home , prosecutors said . Police return to Hernandez 's home He was with two other people . Lloyd was not among them . A murder weapon is usually a key piece of evidence in a homicide case , and investigators have not been able to find one . Hernandez at least once had a Glock .45 , prosecutors said , entering a cell phone photo into evidence of him posing in the mirror with it . And police have seized .45 - caliber ammunition and an ammunition magazine that were in a Hummer SUV he drove and a condo he rented . Hernandez and the other two later took the car back to the rental company . There , the defendant offered an attendant a piece of blue Bubblicious gum , prosecutors said . What appeared to be a piece of chewed blue gum was left lying inside the vehicle , prosecutors said . Next to it was a spent .45 - caliber casing . The casing matches the empty shells Investigators recovered near Lloyd 's body , prosecutors said . If that gum was in Hernandez 's mouth , DNA tests will connect him to the casings , prosecutors said . When investigators inspected Lloyd 's body , they found keys in his pockets to a rental car registered in Hernandez 's name . Opinion : NFL does n't have answers on Hernandez A fallen star Hernandez had been expected to be one of the keys to the New England Patriots ' stellar offense , a vital cog on a team that many expected could contend for a Super Bowl title . Now he 's sitting in a Massachusetts jail cell . His stoic expression in videos after his arrest , including when he was in court , gave little indication of angst , sorrow or inner turmoil . Yet the fact he 's behind bars , charged with such a heinous crime , has shaken many in New England . His former team said firing Hernandez was "  simply the right thing to do . " On Friday , the team took another step in cutting its ties to the former University of Florida star , and letting fans do the same . Having already taken his No. 81 off the shelves , the team announced people who had already bought such a jersey could exchange it for free for another player 's at the New England Patriots ProShop the weekend of July 6 and 7 . "  We know that children love wearing their Patriots jerseys , but may not understand why parents do n't want them wearing their Hernandez jerseys anymore , " team spokesman Stacey James said . "  We hope this opportunity to exchange those jerseys ... will be well-received by parents . " Fact and fiction surrounding a culture of violence in the NFL	Man who turned himself in Florida charged with accessory after the fact of murder Authorities say they believe they have three men who were in car with Odin Lloyd The attorney for one of those men says his client is "  confused " and not guilty Police "  very active " in seeking to link Aaron Hernandez also to 2012 killings , source says
