Ebola patients fled during an attack at a health care facility in Monrovia , Liberia , on Saturday , Liberian National Police spokesman Sam Collins said . All patients who ran away had Ebola , Collins said . But some patients chose to stay at the facility . And by Monday , some who left had returned , he said . Health workers were looking for the other patients . No one was injured in the incident , Collins said . The assailants were using weapons but not wielding guns . They stole mattresses and equipment , Collins said . "  It was an attack from people afraid of Ebola , " Collins told CNN . "  Everybody is afraid . " Since an Ebola epidemic was declared in Guinea in March , the disease has spread to Sierra Leone , Liberia and Nigeria . Ebola can be contracted by coming into contact with infected organs and body fluids such as blood , saliva , urine and other secretions . In the deadly disease 's current outbreak in those countries , 712 people have died from Ebola and 1,310 people are Liberia confirmed to be infected with the virus , the World Health Organization reports . Tolbert Nyenswah , Liberia 's assistant minister of health , told CNN that as of Friday , 154 people in the nation have died from Ebola . There are more cases in which patients are suspected to have the disease , but that information has not been confirmed , he said . Last week , Liberia 's government said that sample doses of ZMapp , an experimental drug used to treat two American health care workers in Atlanta , Georgia , would be sent to Liberia to treat doctors who have contracted the virus . The drug arrived and was given to three doctors , Nyenswah told CNN . He said the Liberian government is in talks to try to get more . The country had requested the drug , and the White House and U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved it . ZMapp has not been tested for public use . Earlier , the company that makes ZMapp said its supply was exhausted after fulfilling a request of a West African country which it did not , at the time , name . Liberia has taken other measures to try to contain the virus . In late July , it closed most of its borders and national campaigns have been launched to educate the public about how Ebola is spread and what to do if someone comes into contact with an infected person . On Sunday , Cameroon 's information minister told CNN that the country was closing its border with Nigeria over Ebola concerns . Issa Tchiroma Bakari said that all flights to and from Nigeria into and out of Cameroon are suspended . People in Cameroon and Nigeria cross borders daily for commercial and personal reasons . Experimental Ebola drug on its way to Liberia Learn more about Ebola Deadliest outbreak ever -- what you need to know	Experimental drug is sent to Liberia , official says Ebola patients fled during Saturday 's attack in Monrovia , police spokesman says No one was injured in the attack , spokesman says
My list of reasons why I 'm glad my girls , ages 5 and 7 , were too young to ever get into "  Hannah Montana " grew exponentially longer after Miley Cyrus ' unforgettable "  twerking " in a bra and undies at MTV 's Video Music Awards . "  Miley , what exactly were you thinking ? " pretty much sums up the sentiment I heard from outraged moms and dads around the country who believe Cyrus , whose loyal fan base includes a huge chunk not yet old enough to drive , should know better . "  It 's a damn shame that Miley is doing this to herself , making a vulgar joke out of her talents and her beauty , but it 's a much bigger shame that she 's doing it to her young fans and other young people  who  see her in the media , " said Heidi Cardenas , a mom of two teenage boys , in response to a request for comment on CNN 's Facebook page . "  It 's the same thing as going to any street corner in America and selling herself for money , " said Cardenas . "  I have to instantly think that Miley does not either a  care what her younger fans think of her or b  has n't even bothered to think of what her actions  are  doing to her image , " said Larene Grady , a mom of two whose tween was "  absolutely infatuated " with Cyrus but is n't anymore . "  She thinks Miley does not appeal to children  who  used to like her as ` Hannah Montana , ' which speaks volumes coming from a 10-year-old who had two ` Hannah Montana ' parties , everything from bed sheets , pajamas , bath soaps , toothbrushes and book bags , " Grady added , also in response to a tout on CNN 's Facebook page . Miley Cyrus twerks , stuns VMAs crowd "  Hannah Montana " seems about as relevant to the current day Cyrus as a typewriter is to millenials . The 20-year-old has every right to chart a new course beyond her Disney days , moms and dads said in comments on Facebook and exchanges via e-mail . It 's just that the path she is choosing seems so wrong and dangerous , many said . Sonia Prince of Nashua , New Hampshire , said her kids -- ages 9 , 12 and 13 -- will no longer be listening to Cyrus ' music . "  There is enough fantastic music out there with people who have respectful behavior , especially women who do n't feel the need to be sexual in public in order to be successful , " she added . Cyrus ' choice to wear next to nothing and strut around the VMA stage is yet another example , frustrated parents say , of the sexualization of our young girls , an issue we touched on at CNN.com just a few weeks ago in our piece on how too many tween fashions are too sexy , skimpy and short . "  I do think Miley wrongly represents the way girls should act today , " said Steve , a CNN commenter who shared his first name and the fact that he has a 12-year-old granddaughter . "  The way they dress , act , not caring about how other people may respond to your actions , " Steve added . "  I think it is an oversexualization of young girls/young women . " Robin Belkin , a mom of three in Northern California , believes Cyrus ' performance only adds to the already "  damaging image of women-as-sex-objects . " "  I just find it extremely discouraging and difficult to hold out hope for the improved status of women in this world when even the most entitled among us so negatively reinforce the worst stereotypes and misogynistic attitudes about women , " said Belkin . Opinion : Miley Cyrus is sexual , get over it "  Her behavior sets 50 to 60 years of women 's forward progress back a long way when you consider that her huge fan base really only consists of young and impressionable girls and horny young boys , who , unfortunately on many levels , are our future leaders , " said John Rodrigues of Boston , in response to a request for comment on CNN 's Facebook page . "  Growing up under the impression that this behavior is not only OK , but acceptable , is such a terrible message and , in this case , I am happy I 'm not a father trying to keep this away from my children , " the 35-year-old single Army veteran added . Eric Solomon , a father of two , watched the VMAs with his 15-year-old son . "  I am so embarrassed and sitting next to my son and watching this happen made me even more embarrassed , " he added . Solomon said he has conversations with his sons about what 's right and what 's wrong , and said that they know Cyrus ' performance was "  not appropriate " and not the behavior of "  your normal woman . " Mary Hogan of Cordova , Tennessee , does n't have kids but works in education and says parents have a role to play . "  Parents need to explain to their kids that what she did is not OK , and should not be imitated , " said Hogan , adding that parents who did n't like what they were seeing should have changed the channel . "  I think the biggest responsibility for a parent is to know what their kids are watching , " said Mark Edwards of suburban St. Louis , who has three teenage sons . "  The VMAs are n't appropriate for kids under a certain age and if some parents feel discomfort over what was aired , should they have been letting their kids watch the show in the first place ? " "  The VMAs are supposed to be shocking , " said a woman who did not want to be identified . "  Why is Miley Cyrus such a big deal ? ... I am more shocked people are watching the VMAs with their children . " Miley Cyrus upholds MTV VMAs tradition After all , consider VMA highlights of years past when Lady Gaga donned a dress made entirely of raw meat and Madonna and Britney Spears kissed  mouths open !  . It was , in fact , at the VMAs years earlier when Madonna broke out onto the national stage with her "  Like a Virgin " performance . Cyrus "  took a page straight out of Madonna 's playbook , " said Ivan Baker , a father in New York City , on Facebook . "  I guess I am jaded . Not very impressed or shocked . " While much of the online conversation post-Cyrus ' national "  twerking " episode was dominated by criticism , there was also a very motherly and fatherly response , parents who worry that Cyrus is a child in need of serious help . "  It 's clear that Miley Cyrus ' lifestyle as a young woman is expressing pain and is dealing with emotional problems , " said Andrew Thompson , an engaged father of two boys in Country Club Hills , Illinois . "  Her mother and father have a responsibility to come to her aid and work out these social issues before it 's too late , " he added . Some parents said there was only one upside they could see from the blistering reaction to Cyrus ' performance and that is that it may show strength . "  The fact that she does n't play the victim and shows that girls can be as aggressive and bad in many ways might in some twisted way pave the way for  women  to play in a more level field with men , " said Leigh Bordbar , a mom of two from Toronto who said she was personally disappointed with what Cyrus did at the VMAs . "  In her performance , she seemed like the one in control and in the driver 's seat , which sets her apart from the ways that perhaps Playboy or fashion models portray women . " Nicky Calvert , a mom of two in Marietta , Ohio , sees another positive . "  There is only one good thing that I can say about her performance on the VMAs , " said Calvert . It shows her 9-year-old how she "  should never act in public . " May I repeat how happy I am my girls missed this one completely . Would you take your Hannah Montana fan , or even a teenager , to see Miley onstage ? Share your thoughts in the comments section below .	Many parents worry about the impact of Cyrus ' performance on her young fans Cyrus ' VMA show another example of the sexualization of young girls , said some parents Others argued that kids should not have been watching the VMAs in the first place One upside to Cyrus ' VMA appearance is that it may show strength , said one mom
CNN  -- If you 've ever gazed down from an airplane on a clear day , you 've probably admired the quilted fields or jagged ribbons of coastline below . Now imagine seeing those views from several hundred miles higher , a perspective that morphs recognizable landscapes into something that looks more like abstract art . That 's the aesthetic behind "  Earth from Space , " a new book of photographs that emphasizes the beauty and delicacy of our planet . The coffee table-sized volume contains more than 150 high-resolution images , shot from satellites , that chronicle everything from the patchwork plains of Kansas to the shrinking snows of Mount Kilimanjaro in Africa to the twinkling sprawl of Shanghai , China , at night . "  Whether seen from the sky or from space , no matter the difference in scale , our planet arouses the same sense of wonder by offering us unexpected geometric forms , magnificent structures and stunning colors -- even if the colors in satellite images are often artificial , " writes author-photographer Yann Arthus-Bertrand in the book 's preface . Unlike true-color images that use visible light , some satellite photos incorporate infrared light and show unexpected colors , enhancing selected features on Earth , such as fires . Published by Abrams Books , "  Earth from Space " is a project of Arthus-Bertrand 's GoodPlanet Foundation , which works to raise awareness of conservation and environmental issues . Its photos were collected by Astrium , a French company specializing in satellite services and other space technology . Newly sophisticated lenses and sensors have allowed photographers to capture the Earth from space in remarkable detail -- down to the rows of shanties in Port-au-Prince , Haiti , that were destroyed in the 2010 earthquake . Images from space also help make scientists aware of gradual environmental shifts wrought by climate change or humans , such as deforestation or disappearing polar ice caps . Google Earth has given us all access to spacecraft 's - eye views of our planet . But the book 's large-scale photos , with their colorful swirls and mysterious patterns , function as artworks as well as documents . Arthus-Bertrand hopes the images in "  Earth From Space " serve another purpose as well : to inspire readers to learn more about Earth 's delicate ecosystems and how to protect them . "  What satellites can not give us is the meaning of what they observe , " he writes . "  Only our species can interpret their images and discern within them the fascinating beauty of our world , as well as its incredible fragility . "	"  Earth from Space " is a book of photos that emphasizes the beauty of our planet The book contains more than 150 high-resolution images , shot from orbiting satellites The satellite photos incorporate infrared light and show unexpected colors
New York  CNN  -- Police will investigate the deaths of nearly 100 animals that were found in a Petco store after flooding in upstate New York , Johnson City Mayor Dennis Hannon said Monday . Employees at the Oakdale Plaza store checked on the premises late Wednesday and "  all was still well , " Petco chief executive Jim Myers wrote Sunday on the chain 's official blog , PetcoScoop . "  When the team members checked again early Thursday morning , the store was flooded with four feet of water and we were unable to enter , " wrote Myers . A river flood warning was issued Wednesday afternoon for the entire Johnson City area , along with flash flood warnings that continued well into Thursday , according to Joanne Labounty , a spokeswoman for the National Weather Service . According to Hannon , a woman who identified herself as the manager of the store approached a firefighter who was near the Petco around 10:30 Thursday morning to request a boat . At that point , the store was under water , Hannon said , and there was not much the fire department could do . Once employees were able to re-enter the store , they were able to rescue a majority of the animals , Myers wrote . More than 100 small animals and three-quarters of the aquatic life were rescued , according to Lisa Epstein , a Petco spokeswoman . The small animals included an assortment of guinea pigs , mice , reptiles and birds . Hannon questioned how the animals could have survived , recalling that "  the floodwaters were very high , well above the front doors of the building . Unless the animals were very near the ceiling , a couple feet from it , they would have perished . " Hannon is upset that the store did not take more caution after he issued a state of emergency for Johnson City . "  The media was reporting that any area that was flooded in 2006 would be badly flooded again , " Hannon told CNN , noting that the Oakdale Plaza was one of those areas . The Johnson City store is a relatively new location , Myers wrote in his blog , and it was not in operation during the record high-river floods of 2006 , and "  we misjudged the risk to this location . " "  We apologize to the members of the Johnson City community and look forward to serving you better in the future , " Myers wrote . Angry comments accompanied the blog post , with readers accusing the chain of making excuses . Several commenters said they had called PETA to report the incident . "  So many , so many residents are outraged over this , we owe it to the community to get to the bottom of it , " Hannon said . Epstein said Petco is internally investigating the incident as well .	Flooding hit upstate New York last week Nearly 100 animals were found dead after a Petco store flooded Petco apologizes to the community after residents express outrage The chain has launched an internal investigation
The Navy was unaware until after the killings at the Washington Navy Yard that gunman Aaron Alexis had been arrested in 2004 for shooting out the tires on a vehicle and claiming he had blacked out in anger , a senior Navy official told reporters Monday . However , the government agency that carried out Alexis ' background check in 2007 did know that he omitted information about that brush with the law but granted him security clearance anyway after Alexis explained it . The Navy said it did n't learn the details of the incident until after Alexis killed 12 people last week at the sizable naval installation in Washington . In 2007 , contractor USIS conducted the security clearance assessment for Alexis , who had just joined the Navy . Flags in shooter 's past apparently not red enough A report for the Navy from the Office of Personnel Management , which processes and grants security clearances , did n't mention a gun , the Navy official said . It said only that Alexis had "  deflated the tires on a construction worker 's vehicle " in the 2004 incident , which occurred in Seattle . According to the Office of Personnel Management , the agency uncovered Alexis ' arrest for malicious mischief through a check of FBI criminal history records . The Seattle Police Department would not make records available , and the agency tried to corroborate the arrest through court records . The Navy said Alexis answered "  No " to questions on his security clearance form about whether he had ever been arrested or charged with a felony . Alexis told the security clearance personnel he did not disclose the malicious mischief charge because he was told it was going to be dismissed and removed from his record . The search of the court records corroborated Alexis ' version , the Office of Personnel Management said , but these records did not mention that a weapon was used . During a follow-up interview , Alexis did not mention having shot the tires out . "  Had the Seattle Police Department permitted OPM to obtain the law enforcement records , it is possible that additional information may have been obtained , " the agency said in a statement . Alexis , 34 , was a subcontractor last week when he entered the Navy Yard and the shooting rampage began . In addition to the 12 deaths , Alexis wounded eight people before he was killed . A woman who was wounded in the shooting was released from a hospital Monday . Only one person remains hospitalized -- a police officer who is listed in good condition . USIS is the same contractor that processed NSA leaker Edward Snowden 's clearance and is now under investigation . Obama at Navy Yard memorial : ` We ca n't accept this '	One of the wounded victims was released from a hospital Monday Navy was not told in 2007 that Aaron Alexis had shot out tires of a car , senior official says Navy says the Navy Yard shooter denied ever having been charged with a felony Alexis shot 12 people dead before he was killed
CNN  -- The world 's poorest countries could pay 40 percent more for food this year than they did last year because of rising prices , according to a United Nations report released Thursday . Rising food prices have left many people , like this Ugandan boy , unable to afford food and malnourished . In those countries , nearly a billion people are on the brink of malnourishment and , as food prices climb , more at risk of starving . The latest Food Outlook report , compiled by the U.N. 's Food and Agriculture Organization , shows that countries which spend a substantial part of their budgets on food will pay $ 169 billion this year for food imports . That is 40 percent higher than last year and four times higher than in 2000 . "  Food is no longer the cheap commodity that it once was , " FAO Assistant Director-General Hafez Ghanem said . "  Rising food prices are bound to worsen the already unacceptable level of food deprivation suffered by 854 million people . "  We are facing the risk that the number of hungry will increase by many more millions of people . " The FAO lists 82 countries as "  Low-Income Food-Deficit Countries " that can not produce or import enough food to meet their all their population 's needs . More than half of the countries are in Africa . Riots from Haiti to Bangladesh to Egypt this year over surging food prices brought the issue to a boiling point . The United Nations ' World Food Program and World Bank President Robert Zoellick recently appealed to the international community to donate $ 500 milllion to help meet emergency needs by those hit by the high food and fuel prices . Last month , U.S. President Bush ordered the release of $ 200 million in emergency aid . The money , to be drawn from a food reserve , will address food needs in Africa and elsewhere , the White House said . The United States is the world 's largest provider of food aid , delivering more than $ 2.1 billion in food aid to 78 countries last year , the White House said in a statement . "  This is the world 's big story , " said Jeffrey Sachs , director of Columbia University 's Earth Institute . "  There are riots all over the world in the poor countries . ... Our own poor are feeling it in the United States . " Zoellick has said the rising costs could mean "  seven lost years " in the fight against worldwide poverty . "  While many are worrying about filling their gas tanks , many others around the world are struggling to fill their stomachs , and it is getting more and more difficult every day , " Zoellick said last month in a speech opening meetings with the world 's finance ministers . "  In just two months , " Zoellick said , "  rice prices have skyrocketed to near historical levels , rising by around 75 percent globally and more in some markets , with more likely to come . In Bangladesh , a 2-kilogram bag of rice ... now consumes about half of the daily income of a poor family . " The price of wheat has jumped 120 percent in the past year , he said , meaning that the price of a loaf of bread has more than doubled in places where the poor spend as much as 75 percent of their income on food . "  This is not just about meals forgone today or about increasing social unrest . This is about lost learning potential for children and adults in the future , stunted intellectual and physical growth , " Zoellick said . In the United States and other Western nations , more and more poor families are feeling the pinch . In recent days , presidential candidates have paid increasing attention to the cost of food , often citing it on the stump . The issue is also fueling a rising debate over how much the rising prices can be blamed on ethanol production . The basic argument is that because ethanol comes from corn , the push to replace some traditional fuels with ethanol has created a new demand for corn that has thrown off world food prices . Jean Ziegler , U.N. special rapporteur on the right to food , has called using food crops to create ethanol "  a crime against humanity . " Sachs said , "  We 've been putting our food into the gas tank ; this corn-to-ethanol subsidy which our government is doing really makes little sense . " The ethanol industry rejects the focus on ethanol in examining food prices . "  The contrived food vs. fuel debate has reared its ugly head once again , " the Renewable Fuels Association , which lobbies Congress on the behalf of the industry , said on its Web site , adding that "  numerous statistical analyses have demonstrated that the price of oil -- not corn prices or ethanol production -- has the greatest impact on consumer food prices because it is integral to virtually every phase of food production , from processing to packaging to transportation . " Analysts agree that the cost of fuel is among the reasons for the skyrocketing prices . Another major reason is rising demand , particularly in places in the midst of a population boom , such as China and India . Also , Sachs said , "  climate shocks " are damaging food supply in parts of the world . "  You add it all together : Demand is soaring ; supply has been cut back ; food has been diverted into the gas tank . It 's added up to a price explosion . "	Report : Poor countries will spend $ 169 billion this year on food imports Riots occurring from Haiti to Bangladesh to Egypt over surging food prices Food prices could mean "  seven lost years " in fight against hunger Food Bank official : We struggle with gas , others struggle to fill their stomachs
CNN  -- More than a dozen Chinese activists have been detained by authorities in an apparent crackdown ahead of the 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre . Others have been placed under house arrest or questioned by police in what Amnesty International says is an attempt to prevent public commemorations of those who died on June 4 , 1989 . Among those detained are five activists -- a human rights lawyer , two writers and two academics -- who were held by police on May 6 after attending a low-key seminar in Beijing to discuss the anniversary . They were subsequently held on suspicion of "  picking quarrels , " according to Amnesty . Among them is prominent human rights lawyer Pu Zhiqiang , well known in the Chinese media for representing high-profile dissidents such as artist Ai Weiwei , and those detained in the now-defunct "  re-education through labor " system . On Thursday , Pu 's lawyer and neice , Qu Zhenhong , was also detained on suspicion of "  illegally obtaining personal information , " according to Human Rights in China . ` Nervous ' authorities Pu took part in the student-led demonstrations in the summer of 1989 that ended in a tragic military crackdown on protestors in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square on June 4 of that year . An official death toll has never been announced but estimates from human rights groups and witnesses range from several hundred to thousands . Other seminar attendees currently being detained include online dissident Liu Di , also known as "  stainless steel mouse , " film critic Hao Jian , dissident writer Hu Shigen , and noted Chinese scholar Xu Youyu , according to rights lawyer Shang Baojun . William Nee , a China researcher for Amnesty International , said the arrests were "  distressing . " "  It is distressing when some middle-aged people had a small gathering in a private setting , trying to remember the people who died in Tiananmen Square ... that even this kind of low key-event with moderate people is not allowed in China right now , " he said . "  If having a small gathering in a private setting is ` picking a quarrel , ' then what is n't ? "  I think  the authorities  are very nervous about the 25th anniversary of Tiananmen Square and what it represents . " More arrests Signs of an apparent crackdown appeared when press freedom advocate Gao Yu and her son Zhao Meng were both taken away by authorities on April 24 . She was reported missing by rights groups after she failed to show up for the Tiananmen commemoration seminar in Beijing . On May 8 , Gao was formally detained on suspicion of leaking state secrets to a foreign entity . The whereabouts of her son are still unknown . Another activist , Xie Wenfei , was arrested in Guangdong Province on the same day as the Beijing group , also on suspicion of "  picking quarrels , " according to Amnesty International . "  These charges and detentions lay bare just how little the Chinese government 's attitudes towards human rights have changed since 1989 , " said Sophie Richardson , China director at Human Rights Watch . When asked about criticism of China 's human rights record , Ministry of Foreign Affairs Spokesperson Hua Chunying told CNN that human rights should n't been viewed in the "  criteria of the United States . " "  Our society is moving forward , the living standards of people have improved and level of freedoms are at their highest , " she said . Others being held include former Tiananmen student leader Xu Guang , who was formally arrested in Zhejiang and charged with "  inciting subversion of state power . " Three others who are being detained but had not been formally arrested or accused of a crime , among them are Chen Guang , an artist and former soldier held in connection to a private art performance referencing the Tiananmen incident . Two more are under house arrest , including Ding Zilin , spokesperson for the Tiananmen Mothers group , while 10 had been questioned by police , according to Amnesty . In another case with links to Pu , a Beijing-based journalist , Wu Wei , has been missing since May 7 . Wu frequently interviews Pu and her last microblog post discusses his case . She is widely believed to be in criminal detention , according to China Human Rights Defenders . Moderates Public discussion of the June 4 anniversary is still taboo in mainland China and it is never been publicly marked there , though an annual vigil is held in the Special Administrative Region of Hong Kong . In the lead-up to the anniversary each year , many activists in China are typically held by police . But the recent detentions are unusual as the anniversary is still a month away and those targeted are considered moderates . In an interview with CNN in July last year , Pu dismissed the risks he could be taking with his work . "  I think I am fine , I am a moderate , the government has treated me well and I am a veteran lawyer . I did n't make any mistakes in my career . I am not radical , I do not threaten the government . " "  When you block the moderate channels you are pushing people to more extreme actions , " said Maya Wang , researcher for the Asia Division of Human Rights Watch . "  The government is detaining people who have acted as bridges between authorities and activists . It leaves the question of what authorities are able to tolerate and what avenues people have to complain . " While many activists initially hoped that President Xi Jinping would preside over a system more tolerant of dissent and discussion , his administration is widely seen as tightening the screws on the work of activists and intellectuals , including the sentencing of Xu Zhiyong , another human rights lawyer pushing for financial transparency of China 's leaders , to four years in prison in January . CNN 's Zhang Dayu contributed to this report .	Moderate dissident voices and intellectuals held by police ahead of Tiananmen anniversary Beijing accuses activists of "  picking quarrels " Chinese government 's stance on human rights remains unchanged since crackdown in 1989
Berlin  CNN  -- The opening of Berlin 's new international airport has been postponed again , officials said , in the latest of a series of setbacks that have led some in Germany to slam the project as a national embarrassment . Willy Brandt International Airport , south of the German capital , was originally due to go into service in June 2012 but has been plagued with problems . Berlin Mayor Klaus Wowereit stood down as head of the supervisory board overseeing the project on Monday , as he acknowledged the airport would still not be ready for its latest scheduled opening on October 27 . Wowereit declined to name a date for the beginning of flight operations . BER , the company managing the construction , said in a statement : "  Reasons for the renewed delays are problems with the fire extinguishing system , especially with regards to the fresh air vents in case of fire , but also the complexity of the entire construction situation . " The airport 's original opening in June 2012 was canceled only days beforehand , when problems with the sprinkler systems came to light . Speaking at a news conference in Berlin Monday , Wowereit said he would hand over his duties as head of the project 's supervisory board to Matthias Platzeck , the governor of the state of Brandenburg . The mayor has been heavily criticized for the delays , which various politicians and media outlets have called a "  national disgrace . " The city of Berlin and the state of Brandenburg are the main parties involved in the construction of the airport , with the German federal government also footing part of the bill . Regina Pop , head of the opposition Green Party in Berlin 's City Parliament , said : "  So far the mayor has only admitted things that became public anyway . That is not what transparency and crisis management need to look like . "  It remains unclear how the construction and restoration of the airport can be finished in a solid way . " Germany 's largest daily newspaper , BILD , has called the situation surrounding Berlin 's new signature airport a "  disgrace for Germany , " and quoted several international reports on the problems with the construction process . Citing internal sources , the newspaper reports that the airport will not commence operations before 2014 . Officials have declined to confirm whether that is the case .	The opening of Willy Brandt International Airport in Berlin is delayed again Berlin 's mayor steps down as head of the project 's supervisory board The airport was originally due to open in June 2012 , then October this year The construction company cites problems with the fire extinguishing system
CNN  -- The Facebook photo , grainy and blurred , shows a boy in his Cub Scout uniform standing in the sun on the side of the road , his right arm in a stiff salute as cars pass by in Woodlawn , Virginia . The caption tells the rest of the story . Nine-year-old Lane Snow salutes the two-mile funeral procession Thursday for Virginia State Police Trooper Andrew Fox . The trooper , a graduate of Virginia Tech , was run over and killed while directing traffic at the state fair earlier this month . When the photo landed in Virginia Tech police Lt. George Jackson 's inbox , he knew it would be a hit . Jackson manages the social media accounts for the college police department and posted the photo Friday in two places on the department 's Facebook page . He asked fans to share the photo "  and see how many likes we can get for this young Boy Scout and his tribute to Trooper Fox ! " The first day , the image of Lane Snow 's salute received 15,000 shares . The next day it had 45,000 . By Tuesday it had been shared more than 68,000 times and growing , reaching an estimated 4 million people , according to Facebook 's own analytics , Jackson told CNN . He had no explanation for the numbers of shares except to say the comments reveal a community who supported Snow 's character . Lane Snow did n't know trooper Fox , but he told local station WDBJ7 he did it because "  I was sorry that Andrew Fox died . " Snow 's parents told the station he came up with the idea to dress in uniform and salute the procession on his own . Everyone who saw it was touched , including Fox 's widow , who saw Snow saluting as her car passed , WDBJ reported . It was a pure and touching gesture , Jackson said . In an interview with CNN , Jackson said he wanted to bring awareness and attention to the state police and Fox 's family as a measure of support . "  I just remembered how it felt to have lost an officer . The community rallied around us , " Jackson said . At Snow 's Cub Scout meeting Monday night , 10 officers from various agencies -- some of whom knew Fox personally -- showed up to thank Snow in person , said Cub Master Darrell Lineberry . Lane Snow told the local station that he wants to be a policeman when he grows up , "  just like Andrew Fox . "	Photo of cub scout saluting funeral procession goes viral on Facebook ; over 68,000 shares Lane Snow , 9 , salutes funeral procession of Virginia State Police trooper Andrew Fox Fox , 27 , was killed while directing traffic at the state fair in early October
Washington  CNN  -- Even as the war against ISIS expands , House Speaker John Boehner said he does n't believe Congress should debate any new authorization for the military operation until next year . In an interview with the New York Times , Boehner said he did n't believe holding a vote in November during the so-called lame-duck session of Congress was appropriate because there is "  a whole group of members who are on their way out the door . " Boehner delivered that same message to House Republicans in closed-door meetings before the House wrapped up its brief fall session last week , according to a top Boehner aide . "  He believes that having such a consequential debate with members who are either retiring or lost is not the right way to go about it , " Kevin Smith , Boehner 's communications director , told CNN . The speaker has emphasized on multiple occasions that he does n't believe lame-duck sessions are the right time to tackle major policy debates such as immigration or tax reform . Will U.S. strikes hurt ISIS ' oil riches ? But both Republicans and Democrats have argued that the legal justification that the Obama administration cites to launch action against ISIS -- a 2001 measure passed by Congress to fight al Qaeda and the 2002 Iraq war authorization -- does n't cover the current military action against this terror group . Some members , including Republicans , want Boehner to call the House back into session before the mid-term election to vote on a new authorization . Florida GOP Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen told MSNBC Thursday that it 's time for Congress to return to Washington and take up new legislation focused on the fight against ISIS . "  We are shirking our responsibility by not voting on this , " she said . Pentagon spokesman on fighting ISIS : ' I think we are in this for a matter of years ' But Boehner , who is on a campaign swing for GOP candidates in New England this week , made it clear he has no plans to do so . The House speaker did tell the Times -- as he said before Congress left for the final stretch before the November mid-term elections -- that he believes it 's important for Congress to "  speak " on the issue . But he insisted it 's up to the White House to draft and send new language to Capitol Hill . "  I would suggest to you that early next year , assuming that we continue in this effort , there may be that discussion and there may be that request from the President , " Boehner said . Sen. Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , who could become majority leader if Republicans win control of the Senate in November , did n't have a comment about Boehner 's remarks . But his spokesman Don Stewart told CNN that McConnell "  has said multiple times that the President should present us with a plan and we can vote on that and if it 's a good plan it will have bipartisan support . " CNN Senior Congressional Producer Ted Barrett contributed to this story .	Debate in Congress over war authorization likely would n't happen until next year That 's according to House Speaker John Boehner Having the debate in a lame-duck session would be inefficient , Boehner believes
CNN  -- Marissa Mayer 's appointment as Yahoo 's next CEO has inspired a lot of feelings and opinions online . She 's the Band-Aid on a bullet wound , a web giant 's last hope , a difficult manager who 'd run out of ways to move up , a feminist icon , a fresh start . One group that has dusted off its long dormant passion and put her in the "  last hope " category is Flickr users , who are flooding Twitter with their rallying cry : "  Dear Marissa Mayer , please make Flickr awesome again . " They 're expressing their opinion via the Internet 's best bullhorns : a single-serving site with the URL dearmarissamayer.com and a #dearmarissamayer hashtag . The page is signed "  The Internet , " and the hashtag has been taking off on Twitter since this morning . Flickr , the photo-sharing site , was launched in 2004 by Stewart Butterfield and Caterina Fake and bought by Yahoo in 2005 . At its peak , Flickr was a vibrant and social community of photographers , ranging from the casual to professional , who had genuine affection for the site . Its boards were filled with positive and helpful comments , there were self-organized groups and avid taggers helping index all that visual content . The community even spilled into the real world with real-life meetings and photo walks . 11 interesting facts about Marissa Mayer , Yahoo 's new CEO But eventually it became mired in Yahoo 's corporate culture and innovation stagnated  for the full story of the site 's fall , check out Mat Honan 's detailed history  . Other sites picked up where it left off , including Facebook and Instagram , the stunning 500px and still young Google + . Each has done something better than Flickr , such as making images truly social or improving the design , but none has replicated all the factors that made users love Flickr . Mayer has a daunting job ahead of her trying to reinvigorate Yahoo 's many products . But starting with one of the company 's most beloved properties is n't bad advice . It has something most other Yahoo features are missing -- users who are rooting for it to bounce back . Flickr may never be the most profitable property for Yahoo , but fixing it up it would be a savvy move to counteract the company 's current image problem . A revived Flickr would show the company is listening to users and still has the potential to make products that they want to use . Then they just have to make everything awesome again . Marissa Mayer : Six life lessons from Yahoo CEO	Users ask Yahoo 's new CEO to make Flickr awesome again Some feel the photo-sharing site has been neglected by Yahoo #dearmarissamayer was a trending topic on Tuesday
CNN Student News  -- April 27 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Liberia & Sierra Leone Netherlands California Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
Mental Floss  -- From the moment Justice David Souter announced he 'd be stepping down , Washington has been gearing up for a confirmation fight . But as Senator Lindsey Graham  R-S.C .  told Judge Sonia Sotomayor yesterday , "  Unless you have a complete meltdown , you are going to get confirmed . " Robert Bork is not the only nominee who did not make it to the Supreme Court . Let 's take a look back at eight nominees who did n't make it to the bench , at least on their first try . 1 . Robert Bork In our time , the most famous rejected nominee is Robert H. Bork , a legal scholar and U.S. Court of Appeals judge with a long paper trail of conservative opinions . Nominated by President Ronald Reagan in 1987 , Bork could have tilted the Court decisively to the right . As a known quantity , he was an easy target for liberal opponents , who organized a campaign against him . He was rejected by the Senate Judiciary Committee after 12 days of hearings . Mental Floss : Washington 's struggle to find a chief justice 2 . Alexander Wolcott "  Oh degraded Country ! How humiliating to the friends of moral virtue -- of religion and of all that is dear to the lover of his Country ! " the New-York Gazette Advertiser wailed in 1811 over President James Madison 's nomination of customs inspector Alexander Wolcott . Wolcott 's strong enforcement of the controversial embargoes against Great Britain and France cost him support in the Senate and in the press . The Senate turned him down by a 9-24 vote , the widest rejection in Supreme Court history . 3 . Roger Taney Roger B. Taney  pronounced tawny  is largely remembered as the chief justice who handed down the Dred Scott decision in 1857 . With his sepulchral countenance , Taney is inextricably linked to the grim ruling that all blacks -- slaves as well as free -- were not and could never become citizens of the United States . But when President Andrew Jackson nominated him in 1835 as associate justice , opposition Whigs were still smarting from Taney 's removal of government deposits from the Second Bank of the United States while he was a recess-appointed Secretary of the Treasury . The Senate voted to indefinitely postpone the nomination . However , after Chief Justice John Marshall died in 1836 , Jackson sent Taney 's name up again . He was confirmed , this time as chief justice . 4 . Ebenezer Hoar You might think the Senate just could n't stomach elevating to the highest court in the land a man with the name Ebenezer Hoar , but it seems the senators were offended by something other than aesthetics . As President Ulysses S. Grant 's attorney general , Hoar had insisted on rewarding merit rather than political loyalty , thus blocking a well-trod route for patronage . So when Grant nominated Hoar to the Court in 1869 , miffed Republican senators gave the virtuous Hoar thumbs down . Mental Floss : What was Marbury v. Madison ? Who were Roe and Wade ? 5 and 6 . Wheeler Hazard Peckham and William B. Hornblower A senator has the right to reject a court nomination simply because the nominee is from the senator 's home state . Upon this invocation of "  senatorial courtesy " rests the demise of Wheeler Hazard Peckham and William B. Hornblower . Both men were nominated by President Grover Cleveland . Both nominees were New Yorkers , and New York Sen. David Hill invoked senatorial courtesy to squelch their nominations in 1894 .  Peckham 's brother , Rufus Wheeler Peckham , became a justice in 1896 . 7 . Harriet Miers Some nominees withdrew themselves from consideration before they could be rejected . Such was the case of Harriet Miers , whom President George W. Bush nominated in 2005 , but withdrew under criticism that she was unqualified . Mental Floss : Why there 's a Mohammed statue at the Supreme Court ? 8 . Douglas Ginsburg Another withdrawal was that of Douglas Ginsburg  not related to current justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg  , the conservative , former pot-smoking federal appellate judge who is a footnote in the Bork saga . After Bork was Borked , Reagan eyed the more moderate Anthony Kennedy for the seat . But Sen. Jesse Helms  R-N.C .  threatened a filibuster . So Reagan turned right again and proposed Ginsburg . But there was no getting around the revelation that Ginsburg had inhaled . Ginsburg withdrew himself from consideration , Reagan put forward Kennedy and the Senate , eager to move on , easily confirmed him . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	A total of eight Supreme Court nominees have failed to get a seat on the high bench Ebenezer Hoar got a thumbs down after blocking a well-trod route for patronage Wheeler Peckham and William B. Hornblower rejected through home state courtesy Newspaper claimed Alexander Wolcott 's nomination degraded the country
ArsTechnica  -- Tim Cook has already stepped up to reassure Apple employees that the company is n't going to change , according to an internal e-mail seen by Ars . Sent early Thursday to all employees in the company -- the morning after Steve Jobs announced his resignation as CEO -- Cook said working with Jobs and Apple has been "  the privilege of a lifetime , " and that he 's looking forward to the years ahead . The iPad is a Personal Computer?true or false ? Below is the full text of the e-mail : Team : I am looking forward to the amazing opportunity of serving as CEO of the most innovative company in the world . Joining Apple was the best decision I 've ever made and it 's been the privilege of a lifetime to work for Apple and Steve for over 13 years . I share Steve 's optimism for Apple 's bright future . Steve has been an incredible leader and mentor to me , as well as to the entire executive team and our amazing employees . We are really looking forward to Steve 's ongoing guidance and inspiration as our Chairman . I want you to be confident that Apple is not going to change . I cherish and celebrate Apple 's unique principles and values . Steve built a company and culture that is unlike any other in the world and we are going to stay true to that -- it is in our DNA . We are going to continue to make the best products in the world that delight our customers and make our employees incredibly proud of what they do . I love Apple and I am looking forward to diving into my new role . All of the incredible support from the Board , the executive team and many of you has been inspiring . I am confident our best years lie ahead of us and that together we will continue to make Apple the magical place that it is . Tim RIM 's BBM Music goes beta : $ 5/month for 50 songs and social sharing The e-mail comes from a source with a track record with Ars and the headers have been verified . Those who follow Apple know that Cook has been an active contributor to Apple 's success in his role as Chief Operating Officer . He has been credited with aggressively working to lower Apple 's hardware and gadget prices , and making deals with component suppliers in order to give Apple an upper hand in the market . GameStop responds to Deus Ex controversy by pulling it from shelves In person , Cook is gruff and assertive , but in a way that makes people feel secure -- this is no doubt part of the reason why Apple has slowly been introducing Cook to the public via Apple keynotes over the last few years . In the public 's eye , Cook has become the Riker to Jobs ' Picard -- and people generally like Riker . There may be no way to truly replace Steve Jobs , but Apple knows that publicly supporting Tim Cook is , at the very least , good PR . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	New CEO Tim Cook : working with Steve Jobs , Apple has been "  the privilege of a lifetime " Jobs has been an incredible leader and mentor to me , Cook writes Cook is gruff and assertive , but in a way that makes people feel secure
CNN  -- A Chicago-area evangelical college won a temporary victory at the Supreme Court on Thursday over an Obamacare requirement that religious non-profits provide contraception insurance to their workers . Wheaton College objected to potential fines if it refused to provide coverage or sign a release form , saying that doing so would be morally wrong . The court said it did n't have to do either for now . The requirement in the health law championed by President Barack Obama has been challenged broadly by groups that oppose abortion . Earlier this week , the justices ruled 5-4 the government can not force certain for-profit companies to offer contraception coverage under Obamacare . The court decision staying enforcement in the Wheaton case only gives the school a pass until the matter is decided by lower courts . Still , it represents an important victory for those objecting to the socially-charged requirement and follows a similar high court ruling last year for a religious charity , the Little Sisters of the Poor . The mandate stemmed from a compromise between the Obama administration and religous-based non-profits like hospitals and faith-based universities that oppose birth control . It would make contraceptives available under the Affordable Care Act with no co-pay but give those entities a work-around through health plans written by third parties . Three justices sharply dissented from Thursday 's decision , including Sonia Sotomayor , Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Elena Kagan . "  It is not the business of this court to ensnare itself in the government 's ministerial handling of its affairs in the manner it does here , " Sotomayor said . The contraception issue has been a major sticking point of Obamacare , which has been the subject of enormous legal and political controversy . The Supreme Court majority in the Wheaton case made clear it has not decided the larger legal and constitutional issues , but merely acted on the enforcement question . The issue could be presented to the justices in coming months for final review . Wheaton is a private Christian liberal arts school located in a Chicago suburb , and is represented in court by the Beckett Fund for Religious Liberty . What the Supreme Court 's Hobby Lobby decision means	Justices say college does n't have to comply with Obamacare mandate The decision favoring Wheaton College outside Chicago is only temporary Wheaton is an educational institution , a religious charity previously won a similar ruling NEW : Three justices issue sharp dissent to Thursday 's decision
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- Norway mass killer Anders Breivik should be considered sane and acquitted for the attacks that left 77 people dead , his lawyer said in closing arguments Friday . Breivik has admitted carrying out the July 22 attack on a Labour Party youth camp on Utoya Island that killed 69 people and a bombing targeting government workers in Oslo that killed eight . But Breivik , who boasts of being an ultranationalist who killed his victims to fight multiculturalism in Norway , says he acted out of "  necessity . " Defense lawyer Geir Lippestad argued that Breivik should be fully acquitted on the charges of voluntary homicide and committing acts of terror in Norway -- and that this should be on the grounds of necessity , not insanity . If Breivik is not acquitted , he should be given the lightest possible sentence , Lippestad said as he wrapped up his closing arguments . He asked the judges to discount the claim by prosecutors that Breivik is mentally ill and should be transferred to a psychiatric institution . Many friends and relatives of the victims left the courtroom in protest as Breivik rose to give his own closing argument , the last one heard before the trial concluded . He described his actions on July 22 as "  barbaric " but said that only two of more than 30 experts who have evaluated him consider him insane . Some in the courtroom laughed as he made points criticizing Norway 's multicultural society and moral values . The court ruled that his speech could not be broadcast . After Breivik 's statement , the judges said the verdict would be delivered August 24 . Several outcomes are possible . Prosecutors have asked that Breivik be acquitted on the grounds of insanity , in which case he would be held in a secure mental health unit . If he is fully acquitted on the grounds of "  necessity , " as urged by his defense , he could go free . If he is ruled sane and found guilty of some or all the charges , he would be sentenced to prison time . Earlier , applause greeted the accounts of survivors and relatives of those killed when they addressed the court . The judges and prosecutors were among those displaying emotion as they listened , with some moved to tears . Outside the courtroom , one of the survivors of the Utoya attack , Tore Sinding Bekkedal , said he was "  very relieved this trial has been as dignified , thorough , proper as it has been . " Seeing the legal system treat it like any other criminal case has been the best show of strength possible , the 24-year-old said . Bekkedal , a youth politician in Oslo , said the case had highlighted the danger of Islamophobia in Norwegian society and the need to fight it . Hearing fellow survivors testify about the attacks on Utoya had been less difficult than seeing their impact on the relatives of those killed , he said . "  You meet people who have lost relatives and children , sisters and brothers , and it 's a much more profound bereavement than losing friends , even though I did lose some very good friends and role models , " he said . The issue of Breivik 's sanity has been at the heart of the case . If he is not found to be mentally ill , prosecutors will ask for a prison sentence of 21 years , a spokeswoman for the prosecutor 's office said . Giving his closing arguments Friday , Lippestad sought to argue that his client 's past did not point to a history of violent acts but rather to political activism . "  The central criterion for insanity is that the ability of realistic assessment of one 's relationship to the outside world is largely abolished , " he said . "  Is it violent fantasy that is the mother of these actions , or is it his political opinion ? " The lawyer outlined Breivik 's political life and activity as heard by the court , from the early days when he was member of a party to the extreme political arguments he posted online . Lippestad also recalled how Breivik 's mother and his friends said he was intense when he talked about politics but never said he was intense about violence . He questioned an initial psychiatric report given to the court that said his client had been acting under a delusion , saying Breivik 's radicalization had developed through his engagement with extremist communities online . The lawyer cited Breivik 's active stock trading , social life and preparations for the attacks as examples of how he did not meet the criteria to be considered insane . Under those criteria , he should be disinterested , aimless , inactive , self-centered and socially withdrawn , Lippestad said . "  That he has been aimless is certainly the last thing I would call this man , " he said . Lippestad also argued that Breivik had chosen his targets politically , noting that he did n't attack nonpolitical people like the captain on the boat to Utoya and the youngest children on the island . "  Breivik knew that killing was wrong , but it 's what any classic terrorist does , " he said . The lawyer told the court he shared the prosecutor 's view that the attacks , which he called "  a cruel act of terrorism , " were almost too horrible to be true . But , he said , the key question for his client was whether he acted under the legal principle of "  necessity . " Lippestad has previously said it is important to Breivik that people see him as sane so they do n't dismiss his views . Last month , Breivik promised that he would not appeal if a court finds him sane and guilty . Bjorn Ihler , a survivor of the Utoya attack , said it is down to the court to deliver a "  good and fair judgment " on Breivik , in accordance with Norway 's longstanding principles of justice . Its ruling on whether he is sane matters less than the fact that Breivik 's extremist views are shared by other people , he said . However , listening to Breivik in court had made him appear as less of a "  scary monster , " Ihler said . "  Now it 's just a pathetic man sitting there . " Asked what his personal message to the court would be , he said , "  I am still alive . I 'm a survivor , not a victim , and I will live on and fight on to work against future extremist acts . " The issues thrown up by Breivik 's trial have led the Norwegian authorities to re-evaluate the country 's provision for holding dangerous criminals who are found to be insane . The government proposed amendments to the Norwegian Mental Health Care Act in May , aiming "  to strengthen the security measures relating to a small group of particularly dangerous patients . " The current law allows "  too great a risk for escape , hostage-taking and severe violence against patients and staff " in the health institutions where such patients are currently housed , a statement from the Ministry of Health and Care Services said . The new legislation would strengthen security measures and allow for a high-security unit to be based within a prison , opening the possibility that Breivik could be held in a secure unit in the same Ila Prison where he has been detained for almost a year . The amendments will come into force July 1 . In the course of the trial , which started in mid-April , the court has heard grueling testimony from the survivors of the July 22 attacks . Survivors and relatives of those killed and injured have also been present in the courtroom to hear Breivik give his account of the events of that day and the motivation for his acts . In his testimony early in the trial , Breivik claimed to represent a "  European resistance movement " and "  Europeans who do n't want our ethnic rights to be taken away . " The shocking attacks prompted Norwegians to reassert their commitment to multiculturalism and tolerance at a series of mass public tributes . CNN 's Diana Magnay and Laura Smith-Spark , and journalist Olav Mellings  ter in Oslo contributed to this report .	The trial ends , and judges say the verdict will be delivered on August 24 A survivor says he is relieved Breivik 's trial has been "  dignified , thorough , proper " As Anders Breivik addresses the court , relatives of some of the 77 victims walk out in protest Prosecutors say they believe he is mentally ill and should be transferred to a mental institution
CNN  -- Philippines Interior Secretary Jesse Robredo is among three missing after a small aircraft crashed off Masbate Bay , the state-run PNA news agency reported , citing civil aviation authorities . One person , identified as Robredo 's aide , was rescued from the crash site , civil aviation chief William Hotchkiss told PNA . Robredo was headed to Naga City to attend a political event , the agency reported . The Philippines Department of Interior and Local Government said on its Twitter account that the pilot sent a distress call to the Masbate airport requesting an emergency landing . It also said that Robredo was unable to get out of the plane . However , the department deleted its messages later . The plane never made it the airport and crashed in the ocean , Hotchkiss said . Authorities were searching for Robredo and the two pilots , PNA reported . Robredo is a popular minister who is known for the transformation of Naga City into a premier place under his leadership as local chief executive , according to his official biography . He is a graduate of John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University .	A small plane crashed in Masbate Bay in the Philippines The country 's interior secretary was onboard He and the two pilots are missing His aide has been rescued
CNN  -- A Bahrain court sentenced eight Shiite opposition activists to life in prison after finding them guilty of plotting to overthrow the country 's Sunni royal family , state media said Wednesday . They were among 21 people who were convicted on terrorism-related charges in connection with the anti-government protests in the country , the Bahrain News Agency said . Soon after the judge read the verdict , the defendants protested loudly , prompting officials to forcibly remove them from the courtroom . Zainab al-Khawaja , a spectator , protested her father 's life sentence by yelling "  God is Great . " She was arrested . Rights groups have urged Bahrain to halt the special military court proceedings , with Human Rights Watch deeming them a violation of international law . "  Most defendants hauled before Bahrain 's special military court are facing blatantly political charges , and trials are unfair , " said Joe Stork , deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch . In London , Britain 's foreign office minister for the Middle East , Alistair Burt , said he was "  extremely concerned " over the sentencing and the nature of many of the charges . "  It is deeply worrying that civilians are being tried before tribunals chaired by a military judge , with reports of abuse in detention , lack of access to legal counsel and coerced confessions , " he said . In a meeting last week with U.S. President Barack Obama , Bahrain 's Crown Prince Salman bin Hamad al-Khalifa said he is seeking national dialogue with the protesters . Bahrain 's crackdown contradicts statements the prince made , Human Rights Watch said . Bahraini human rights activist Nabeel Rajab said he , too , disapproved of the trials . "  This court does not meet international standards for human rights and for fair trials . The people were sentenced for expressing their opinion and for opposing the government , " Rajab said . "  This goes against the government saying it wants a dialogue . " Sheikh Ali Salman , head of the opposition Wefaq group , said Wednesday 's sentencing goes against the conditions called for by Obama and the international community to restore calm ahead of any dialogue . Khalil Marzooq , a Wefaq leader , said the Shiite organization was reviewing whether to enter into national dialogue . He said the continuing crackdown and trials , not the protests , were hurting the country 's international standing . Bahrain is one of several Middle Eastern and North African countries embroiled in anti-government protests . The ruling royal family -- Sunnis in a majority-Shiite nation -- accuses protesters of being motivated by sectarian differences and supported by Iran . Also on trial in Bahrain are dozens of doctors and nurses who are accused of taking control of a hospital during anti-government protests , storing weapons and holding people prisoner . The doctors , their lawyers and international human rights activists say the defendants were tortured to extract confessions . From CNN 's Jenifer Fenton	NEW : An opposition leader says crackdown , not protests , are hurting country 's standing Defendants are forcibly taken out of court after the verdict The verdicts come after human rights groups have urged Bahrain to stop the trials "  This court does not meet international standards for human rights , " an activist says
CNN  -- Japan have comfortably beaten Denmark 3-1 at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg to book their place in the last 16 of the World Cup . First half goals from Keisuke Honda and Yasuhito Endo gave the Danes a mountain to climb . They never looked like they would recover and a miserable night was completed when Shinji Okazaki added a third in the 87th minute , shortly after a Jon Dahl Tomasson 81st minute goal had given Denmark a glimmer of hope . The Danes were comprehensively outplayed by Japan who produced their most resolute and skilful display of the tournament so far . As runners up in Group E Japan will now face Paraguay in Pretoria on Tuesday for a place in quarter-finals . The three-time Asian Cup champions join Netherlands , who confirmed first place in the group by beating an already-eliminated Cameroon 2-1 in Cape Town . A first half strike from Robin van Persie and a second by Klaas-Jan Huntelaar seven minutes from time ensured Netherlands finished with a 100 percent record at the top of Group E setting up a second round clash with Italy 's vanquishers Slovakia in Durban on Monday . Champions Italy crash out of World Cup The win over Cameroon team in Cape Town completed a comfortable group stage for the Dutch , despite not playing their best football . They will be boosted though by the return of Arjen Robben who came on as a second half substitute . Japan 3-1 Denmark Denmark , who needed to win the match to have any chance of progressing to the knockout stages , started their match with Japan brightly . Skipper Jon Dahl Tomasson saw a chance go narrowly wide in the opening minutes . But two Japanese strikes within 13 minutes of each other stunned the Danes . Honda gave Japan the lead in the 17th minute with fine free kick which flew past keeper Thomas Sorensen who appeared to be deceived by the flight of the ball . Yasuhito Endo doubled Japan 's lead in the 30th minute when he curled a beautifully executed free kick around the Danish wall and past the despairing dive of Sorenson . If the Danish keeper was possibly at fault for the first goal , there was nothing he could do with Endo 's strike which found the bottom left corner of the net . The second half did n't get any better for the Danish keeper when he fumbled an innocuous looking free kick from Yasuhito Endo . His blushes were saved when the ball cannoned to safety off his right hand post . Jon Dahl Tomasson scored for Denmark in the 81st minute , turning in the rebound from his own penalty kick which had been awarded for a push on Daniel Agger . But it was too little too late for the 1992 European Champions . Moments later , Okazaki scored a third for Japan after Keisuke Honda unselfishly laid the ball on for him . It sealed a memorable win and qualification for the last 16 on foreign soil for the first time in their history . But man-of-the-match Honda believes Japan could go even further in the tournament . "  I expected to be really jubilant but I 'm not as jubilant as I thought I would be because I do n't think we are finished here . I believe we can go further in this competition , " the CSKA Moscow star said , AFP reported . Netherlands 2-1 Cameroon Robin Van Persie opened the scoring for Netherlands in the 36th minute . Playing a neat one-two with Rafael van der Vaart on the edge of Cameroon 's penalty area , the Arsenal striker then fired a low shot under keeper Souleymanou to register his first goal of the tournament . Inter Milan 's Samuel Eto'o leveled the scores in the 65th minute after Cameroon were awarded a penalty by the Chilean referee , Pablo Pozo when Rafael van der Vaart raised an arm to block Geremi 's free-kick in the box . Eto'o stepped up to score his second goal of the tournament . The introduction of Arjen Robben -- his first appearance at the 2010 World Cup -- immediately created panic in the Cameroon defense . Cutting in from the right , Robben fired a shot from 20 yards which rebounded off the post . The ball fell kindly to Klaas-Jan Huntelaar who coolly slotted home the ball into an empty net and secure victory for Netherlands .	Japan produce stunning performance to beat Denmark 3-1 in Rustenburg Netherlands beat Cameroon 2-1 in Cape Town to continue 100 percent record Japan to meet Paraguay , Netherlands to face Slovakia in last 16
CNN  -- If you were a Formula One fan who attended the U.S. Grand Prix at Indianapolis in 2005 , it could be argued you witnessed one of the strangest races in motorsport history . A field of 20 cars should have lined up for the grand prix , but on that Sunday of June 19 just six were on the starting grid . It was the result of a bizarre sequence of events which left motorsport fans feeling so shortchanged it nearly drove F1 out of the U.S. for good . So frustrated was the Indianapolis crowd that fans hissed and hurled bottles when Michael Schumacher 's Ferrari led home the six drivers -- as the other 14 brooded in their garages . "  It was sad not to have the GP that we wished to have , " Rubens Barrichello , who finished second behind his Ferrari teammate , told CNN . "  The weekend was long . It was sad because of something we were n't prepared for and something the fans did n't understand . "  It was a horrible feeling not to see the cars racing , but unfortunately it was n't safe for everyone to race . " Tire trouble The controversy unfolded after a punctured tire during practice caused Ralf Schumacher 's Toyota to crash at the circuit 's banked final turn -- the fastest part of the track . Toyota used Michelin rubber and , after further investigation into the tire failure , Michelin advised the seven teams who used their tires -- Renault , McLaren , Williams , Toyota , BAR , Sauber and Red Bull -- not to race . Faced with a dilemma over whether to risk racing on unsafe tires , nine of the teams -- including Jordan and Minardi , who along with Ferrari ran on Bridgestone tires -- agreed only to compete if a chicane was added to the final turn to lessen the tire load . But Ferrari and motorsport 's governing body , the FIA , vetoed the plan . From there , the GP descended into farce . As all 20 cars circled the Indianapolis Motor Speedway on the formation lap , it was still unclear whether the Michelin teams intended to boycott the race . Red Bull driver David Coulthard even argued on the team radio : "  If it comes down to my choice , I want to race . " But at the end of the parade lap , the seven Michelin teams peeled off into the pit lane -- leaving only Ferrari , Jordan and Minardi to contest the race . "  Without question it was the strangest race I commentated on in F1 , " remembered commentator Maurice Hamilton , who was calling the race for BBC Radio . "  I can clearly recall my heart sinking when one car after another peeled into the pit lane . "  The full extent of the problem became apparent when the camera showed just six cars on the grid -- and in their original positions , separated by huge gaps . "  I have no idea how my fellow commentator Ian Phillips and I got through the next hour and a half . I was praying the producer in London would switch to the U.S. Open golf but she did n't ! " Bitter taste For the six racers on track , the events of that day were no less bizarre as they raced strung out on the asphalt . Barrichello was involved in the race 's only incident of note , when Schumacher squeezed the Brazilian 's car onto the grass as he emerged from the pit lane to retake the lead . "  Sometimes you do race alone so the U.S. GP was n't strange for that , " said Barrichello with the pragmatism of a racer who has taken part in more grands prix than any other driver in F1 history . "  But it was bad because mentally you knew that there was only six cars out on the track . For me , I still had to fight for it but it was a horrible feeling . " A weekend of petty squabbling and farcical racing undoubtedly left U.S. fans with a bitter taste in their mouths . "  The fans were incensed -- and rightly so , " said Hamilton . "  While the mood in the paddock was a mix of bewilderment , silent anger and resignation . " Many felt then FIA president Max Mosley had not done enough to find a compromise which would have allowed all 20 cars to race . Michelin also faced criticism for failing to bring suitable tires to the race and the French company later agreed to refund disgruntled fans . "  I thought that would be the end of the U.S. GP , " Hamilton recalled . "  But reparation by Michelin and the passage of time brought a surprisingly large crowd back in 2006 . "  F1 fans in the U.S. may be a small percentage of that huge sporting audience but they are very loyal and knowledgeable . " Racing history Over the last few years , the outrage at the events of the 2005 U.S. GP has mellowed into rose-tinted nostalgia . "  I call it the train wreck theory , " said Speed TV F1 presenter Bob Varsha , who has been the voice of the sport in the U.S. for nearly 30 years . "  As time goes by people get over the shock of not being provided the show they paid their ticket price for . The 2005 race was the kind of event where people want to say ` Yes I saw that , I was there for that . ' "  People look back at it now as a phenomenal moment in racing history . " At the time , however , that was not the way F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone viewed the race . When the contract for the U.S. GP expired at the end of 2007 , Ecclestone chose not to renew his deal with Indianapolis for the following season . Both parties insisted money was n't the only factor . F1 wanted to expand its horizons and in 2008 , the U.S. race was gone as Singapore rejoined the wold championship calendar . Free gifts For Barrichello , the events of 2005 echoed another bittersweet race at Indianapolis . Three years earlier he had taken his only U.S. GP victory by just 0.011 seconds -- the second closest finish in F1 history . But there had been no breathless surge to the checkered flag to snatch victory from defeat . Michael Schumacher , who had been leading the race , tried to lead the two Ferraris across the line in a dead heat . But the plan backfired and Barrichello edged the narrowest of wins . Aftewards , Schumacher suggested he had conceded victory to the Brazilian as a gesture of thanks after he had overtaken Barrichello under team orders to win the Austrian GP . Many felt the result in the U.S. was manipulated and cheated fans who had turned out in high numbers , even though Schumacher had wrapped up the 2002 title two months earlier . "  That is a story that we never talked about , " recalled Barrichello . "  I was pushing Michael hard up to the last straight and he backed off and it was almost instant that I backed off too -- no thanks , I do n't want any free gifts like that . "  Then he backed off even more and I had to think ` I 'll go for it ' but then he may have thought ` OK he does n't want it , I 'll go for it ' -- and I think that is why it went so close . "  When you dislike something you must try to see something in a different way and try to enjoy it when you do well . I had to think ' a win is a win . ' " After a three-year absence , the U.S. GP is back at a new circuit build outside Austin after an on-off agreement was finally settled and race fees were paid to Ecclestone 's company . And Barrichello is looking forward to the November 18 race -- though this time as a spectator . The 40-year-old will travel to Austin to watch his first grand prix since calling time on a 19-year F1 career at the end of the 2011 season . "  I 've always loved the U.S. GP , " said the Brazilian , who raced in the U.S.-based IndyCar Series for KV Racing Technology this year after losing his place with the Williams F1 team . "  Long Beach , Detroit , I used to watch those races when I was a kiddo and I fell in love with it . "  I 'd always wanted to race in the U.S. as an F1 driver and so the year that they said we 're going to go back to Indianapolis in 1998 I thought this is great , I 'm going to race at the famous track . "  When I got there I loved the layout it was fantastic , it was 100 % enjoyment . I loved the place , I really did . "  Texas is going to be awesome . We feel that F1 's reputation is bad in the U.S. because that 's what people say , it 's something we create , but I had the opposite feeling this year when I raced in IndyCar . "  Americans are big fans of motorsport and America deserves not just one race F1 race , but two -- and , you know , Indianapolis could be a good one to go back to . "	The U.S. Grand Prix of 2005 was one of the bizarre races in Formula One history 14 cars sat out the race , with only Ferrari , Jordan and Minardi taking to the track Teams racing on Michelin branded tires elected to not take part in the race Formula One returns to the U.S. in Austin , Texas on November 18
West Palm Beach , Florida  CNN  -- Working as a guidance counselor five years ago in Palm Beach County , Estella Pyfrom noticed that fewer students had access to a computer after school . The sluggish economy forced many families to prioritize their money and use it for more pressing needs . "  They needed food . They needed to pay their mortgage or their rent , " said Pyfrom , a former teacher . "  Some of them lost their cars . So I knew it was a serious problem . " Without a computer at home , or reliable transportation to get to a computer , Pyfrom feared that many of these students would get left behind . So she bought a bus , filled it with computers and brought technology to the kids . Her mobile computer lab , Estella 's Brilliant Bus , has provided free , computer-based tutoring for thousands of students since 2011 . "  If people do n't have some knowledge of technology , they 're going to be limited , " said Pyfrom , who retired in 2009 and used money from her savings to buy the bus . "  It 's absolutely essential that they get involved technologically . " Pyfrom is determined to help poor children get the same educational opportunities as other children . According to the Institute of the Study of Labor , students who lack access to a home computer are less likely to graduate high school . "  The digital divide is absolutely real , " said Pyfrom , 76 . "  And it did n't just become a reality . It 's been there for years , and it 's getting bigger and more important . " Pyfrom 's custom-designed bus is outfitted with 17 computer stations that are connected to high-speed Internet via satellite . Emblazoned on its side are the words "  Have Knowledge , Will Travel " and "  We bring learning to you . " The bus travels to schools , shelters and community centers throughout the county . "  We serve children starting with age 3 all the way through senior citizens , based on what the needs are , " Pyfrom said . "  We are bringing the learning and the technology to the neighborhoods . They all can benefit from that . " Pyfrom and her army of volunteers hold regular classes and tutoring sessions about four days a week . They offer lessons in computer and Internet basics as well as reading , math or science classes that supplement what children are learning in school . Sometimes , the bus simply serves as an open computer lab . The rules on the bus are few and simple . Among them , gum and Facebook are not allowed . Pyfrom takes a no-nonsense approach to her mobile classroom . "  Excuses do n't get the job done , " she said . "  You do whatever it takes to make things happen . That 's the only thing that works . " The computers are loaded with educational software , providing interactive exercises that reinforce state-mandated curricula . Children receive their own account login and password , allowing them to continue their work from anywhere they can access the Internet . Users can only advance to the next level in a subject once they reach 90 % proficiency in the current one , and the software allows Pyfrom to track their progress . For older students , the bus brings GED and college preparatory assistance , anti-bullying and peer mediation classes , and student leadership training . Pyfrom and her team provide about 8,000 hours of instruction to at least 500 children a year . She hopes the extra time will help bring students up to their grade level in reading , vocabulary , math , science and life skills . Freddy and Brianna Rodriguez are two students benefiting from Pyfrom 's bus . Adopted from foster care , the siblings struggled with their grades when they entered junior high school . "  If I did n't have the bus to come to , it 'd be hard to get to a computer , " said Brianna , 13 . "  My grades have gotten better . The one-on-one time , it helped me . " In working with the students , Pyfrom found that many parents did n't know how to use a computer . Now her bus helps them , too . "  They 're learning right along with the kids , " Pyfrom said . "  They do n't feel threatened , because what I say to them is , ` If your 4-year-old can use a computer and click a mouse , so can you . ' " On the bus , adults can receive online banking tutorials , resume assistance and help searching for jobs and affordable housing . Pyfrom 's efforts to help low-income families have n't stopped with her bus . She also partnered with a community nonprofit to help provide meals to 3,000 residents each month . Through that work , she 's identified other ways her bus can help struggling neighbors build up technological proficiency necessary in the marketplace . "  We want to do what we can do in  each  neighborhood to make things better for all , " Pyfrom said . "  We run into people who really want to better their lifestyles and are without help . We can help them make a big difference in their neighborhoods . " To keep up the momentum of her efforts , Pyfrom has continued to pour her savings into maintaining and modifying her bus , so far spending about $ 1 million , she says . An easy retirement is not something she aspires to . "  I 'm not tired yet . And I do n't think I 'm going to get tired , " she said . "  I 'm constantly charged up . I look at the faces of the children and I get energized . " Pyfrom is determined to see her services expand throughout the state , even the country . She estimates she has enough savings to keep her bus running for another two years , but she hopes to find financial support before she runs out of money . "  I do n't think about what I 'm not able to do or not going to be able to do , " she said . "  I plan for the things that I think I 'm going to do , need to do and want to do . And I think most of them are going to happen . "  We 've got to keep rolling . We 're going to keep taking the service to the neighborhoods , and we are going to keep making a difference . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Estella 's Brilliant Bus website at www.estellasbrilliantbus.org and see how to help .	Estella Pyfrom 's mobile computer lab is for those who lack computer , Internet access The "  Brilliant Bus " helps poor students improve their grades , prepare for college It 's also giving adults a chance to better themselves , improve their quality of life
CNN  -- Police in suburban Dallas are recommending that ex-football star Deion Sanders face a charge that could land him in prison for a year , after a dispute last week that led to his estranged wife 's arrest , authorities said Thursday . The fact that the Prosper , Texas , police sought charges against Sanders is not entirely unexpected , as he and a third person had been cited for misdemeanor assault in the incident in question , according to a statement from that town 's police released April 25 . But the "  Class A Misdemeanor Criminal Mischief " charge that police are now recommending is more serious than the "  Class C Simple Assault " charge that Sanders was cited for shortly after the incident . A conviction on a Class A misdemeanor carries a maximum prison sentence of one year and fine of $ 4,000 , according to Texas statutes . A Class C misdemeanor , by comparison , carries a fine of no more than $ 500 and no prison sentence . The case is now in the hands of the Collin County district attorney 's office . As of Thursday afternoon , Sanders -- a 2011 inductee into the Pro Football Hall of Fame and a former Major League Baseball standout who is now an NFL Network analyst -- had not been arrested , Prosper police said in the statement . "  The investigation is continuing , and no other information is available at this time , " police said . Authorities responded to a domestic disturbance call the afternoon of Monday , April 23 , at a Prosper residence where Sanders , 44 , complained he was assaulted by Pilar Sanders , 38 , and another woman identified as Dianna Boswell , also 38 , according to an earlier police statement . Pilar Sanders was detained on a charge of simple assault , a misdemeanor , that statement said . After further investigation , police cited Boswell and Deion Sanders for "  Class C simple assault , " but neither was taken into custody . Pilar Sanders was released a day later and said she had n't been given a "  fair shake " over allegations that she attacked Sanders in an incident he made public in a series of bizarre Twitter postings . "  I understand that I have very little chance at beating a Hall of Fame , two-sport man that everyone seems to love and adore , " Pilar Sanders said , proclaiming her innocence . The Collin County Sheriff 's Office said Pilar Sanders , under an emergency protective order , is forbidden from returning to the couple 's home for 61 days and can not threaten or harass any member of the family . In one of the messages posted last week on his verified Twitter account , Deion Sanders included a photo of what he said were his children filling out complaints to give to police in Texas . "  Pray for me and my kids now ! They just witnessed their mother and a friend jump me in my room , " said the first tweet , posted at 6:15 p.m. "  She 's going to jail n I 'm pressing charges ! " Two minutes later , Sanders tweeted again . "  I 'm sad my boys witnessed this mess but I warned the police department here that she was gone try n harm me and my boys . This is on my mama ! " it said . Pilar Sanders was booked on suspicion of assault family violence , according to booking records at the Collin County Jail . Bail was set at $ 264 . "  I can tell you that there are two sides to every story , and the truth will come out in court , " Larry Friedman , an attorney for Pilar Sanders , said on the day of her release . The Sanderses have three children together . Deion Sanders has two other children from an earlier relationship . The couple married in 1999 and starred in a reality show , "  Deion & Pilar : Prime Time Love , " that aired on the Oxygen network . The marriage soured , however , and the two are engaged in bitter divorce proceedings . In February , Pilar Sanders filed a suit against her husband and his aunt , Laura Jones . She said the aunt attacked her in their 10-bedroom , 29,000-square-foot home in Prosper while Deion Sanders watched . At the time , the athlete tweeted that his wife was the aggressor and the aunt was in the home merely to fix his phone . Pilar Sanders also filed a separate suit against her husband and his daughter , Deiondra , after she called her stepmother a "  gold-digging  expletive  " and "  the number one gold digger of the year " in Twitter posts . Deion Sanders played for several NFL teams , including the San Francisco 49ers , Dallas Cowboys and Atlanta Falcons . During much of his NFL career , he also was an outfielder with four Major League Baseball teams and played in a World Series with the Atlanta Braves . The NFL Network and Sanders ' business manager , Constance Schwartz , have declined to comment about the incident . But a clearly emotional Sanders spoke to Dallas television station KXAS hours after his estranged wife 's arrest and appealed for help . "  I got locks on my doors right now , " he told the station . "  Is somebody going to have to die ? Is it going to be me before the court does something and get this woman out of my house ? It 's absurd . "	Deion Sanders was involved in a dispute with his estranged wife last week Pilar Sanders was arrested ; husband was cited for a Class C misdemeanor Prosper , Texas , police now want Deion Sanders charged with a Class A misdemeanor If charged and convicted , the ex-NFL star could face up to one year in prison
CNN  -- The estranged wife of former football star Deion Sanders was released from custody Tuesday in suburban Dallas and said she has n't been given a "  fair shake " over allegations that she attacked him . Pilar Sanders was arrested on domestic violence-related charges Monday night , hours after Sanders sent a series of bizarre tweets saying she assaulted him . "  I understand that I have very little chance at beating a Hall of Fame , two-sport man that everyone seems to love and adore , " said Pilar Sanders , proclaiming her innocence . "  I 'm a full-time mom , 100 % for my children , " she said tearfully . "  And I just have n't been given a fair shake . " The Collin County Sheriff 's Office said Pilar Sanders , under an emergency protective order , is forbidden from returning to the couple 's home for 61 days and can not threaten or harass any member of the family . In one of the messages posted on his verified Twitter account , Deion Sanders posted a picture of what he said were his children filling out complaints to give to police in Texas . "  Pray for me and my kids now ! They just witnessed their mother and a friend jump me in my room , " the first tweet , posted at 6:15 p.m. , read . "  She 's going to jail n I 'm pressing charges ! " Two minutes later , Sanders tweeted again . "  I 'm sad my boys witnessed this mess but I warned the police department here that she was gone try n harm me and my boys . This is on my mama ! " it said . Shortly after that , Sanders tweeted a picture that showed him and his two boys , 10 and 12 , filling out paperwork . "  Filling out police reports now ! Thank God for this platform to issue the Truth , " the caption read . Pilar Sanders was booked into jail Monday night on suspicion of assault family violence , a misdemeanor , according to booking records at the Collin County Jail . Bail was set at $ 264 . "  I can tell you that there are two sides to every story , and the truth will come out in court , " Larry Friedman , an attorney for Pilar Sanders , said Tuesday . Deion Sanders played for several NFL teams , including the San Francisco 49ers , the Dallas Cowboys and the Atlanta Falcons . He was inducted into the NFL Hall of Fame and works as an analyst for the NFL Network . During much of his NFL career , he also was an outfielder with four Major League Baseball teams and played in a World Series with the Atlanta Braves . The NFL Network and Sanders ' business manager , Constance Schwartz , declined to comment about the incident . But a clearly emotional Sanders spoke to Dallas television station KXAS on Monday night and appealed for help . "  My kids , they are scared for their life , " Sanders told the station . "  They just saw two women jump their dad in his own house , in his room , in my room . It 's sad . "  I got locks on my doors right now , " he added . "  Is somebody going to have to die ? Is it going to be me before the court does something and get this woman out of my house ? It 's absurd . " The couple has three children together . Sanders has two other children from an earlier relationship . The couple married in 1999 and starred in a reality show , "  Deion & Pilar Prime Time Love , " that aired on the Oxygen network . The marriage , soured , however , and the two are in the midst of a bitter divorce . In February , Pilar Sanders filed a suit against her husband and his aunt , Laura Jones . She said the aunt attacked her in their 10-bedroom , 29,000-square-foot home in Prosper , Texas , while Deion Sanders watched . At the time , the athlete tweeted that his wife was the aggressor and the aunt was in the home merely to fix his phone . Pilar Sanders also filed a separate suit against her husband and his daughter , Deiondra , after she called her stepmother a "  gold-digging  expletive  " and "  the number one gold digger of the year " in Twitter posts . In the second suit , Pilar Sanders demanded $ 200 million in damages for libelous and slanderous comments . She claims that her husband "  endorsed Deiondra 's false statements " and himself tweeted he was "  tired of all  Pilar 's  lies and foolishness . " CNN 's Jillian Martin , Jane Caffrey , Scott Thompson and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	NEW : Pilar Sanders barred from couple 's home for 61 days "  There are two sides to every story , " her attorney says The football star alleges that his wife attacked him "  I 'm sad my boys witnessed this mess , " Sanders tweets
CNN  -- The United States calls them "  dangerous insurgents . " But Afghan authorities say they do n't have enough evidence to keep the 65 prisoners behind bars . Abdul Shukor Dadras , head of the Afghan Review Board , said Afghanistan 's attorney general ordered the prisoners ' release from Bagram prison after a careful review of 88 cases . The U.S. military in Afghanistan condemned the move , expected to begin Thursday , arguing that the prisoners pose threats to security forces and civilians . "  Detainees from this group of 65 are directly linked to attacks killing or wounding 32 U.S. or coalition personnel and 23 Afghan security personnel or civilians , " the military said in a statement . Releasing them , the military said , violates agreements between the United States and Afghanistan and is "  a major step backward for the rule of law in Afghanistan . " "  We have made clear our judgment that these individuals should be prosecuted under Afghan law . We requested that the cases be carefully reviewed , " the U.S. military 's statement said . "  But the evidence against them was never seriously considered , including by the attorney general , given the short time since the decision was made to transfer these cases to the Afghan legal system . " Abdul Basir Azizi , a spokesman for Afghanistan 's attorney general , said the detainees ' release was ordered after a review revealed that there was n't enough evidence against them . The U.S. military 's statement detailed evidence against several of the suspects , noting that the group included an alleged Taliban explosives expert , a suspected Haqqani network commander and a specialist accused of building and placing improvised explosive devices . It 's not the first time Afghanistan 's decision to release prisoners has upset the United States . The early and pretrial release of prisoners by the Afghan government , at times at President Hamid Karzai 's hand , frustrated U.S. officials , diplomatic documents released in 2010 by WikiLeaks revealed . CNN 's Qadir Sediqi , Barbara Starr and Sara Mazloumsaki contributed to this report .	Afghanistan plans to release 65 prisoners from Bagram prison The U.S. military calls them "  dangerous " and condemns the move An Afghan official says there is n't enough evidence to hold them The United States calls it "  a major step backward "
CNN  -- Slovakian Peter Sagan made up for a series of near misses to claim his first stage win on this year 's Tour de France in Albi Friday . He burst clear after 205.5 km from Montepellier to win easily from Germany 's John Degenkolb  Argos Shimano  and Italian Daniele Bennati  Saxo-Tinkoff  . South African Daryl Impey held on to the race leader 's yellow jersey after claiming it the previous day from Orica-GreenEdge teammate Simon Gerrans of Australia . Sagan , who has already taken a stranglehold on the green points jersey he won for the first time in last year 's Tour , has been denied victory on four previous stages , but made no mistake this time after superb work from his Cannondale team . They pushed on after the second of the day 's climb which left other star sprinters such as Mark Cavendish of Britain and Germany 's Andre Greipel , winner of stage six , trailing . They came home in an 84-strong group nearly 15 minutes down , leaving Sagan to pay his compliments to his helpers . "  This was a show of how strong we are as a team , " he told the official Tour de France website . "  Even if it 's not an ideal stage for me , I 'll keep on trying . "  We did a lot of work on the second climb and we dropped the sprinters and the team started to believe that we could do well . " Impey , the first South African to don the yellow jersey , admitted it had been tough to hold on to it . "  There was a moment on the second climb that the pressure was on , but we handled it pretty well , " he said . "  But I was happy to see the top of that climb , that 's for sure . " Sagan now has a lead of over 100 points in the battle for green , but Saturday will see the race for yellow hot up as the peloton hit the Pyrenees for the first time in the eighth stage over 195km from Castres to Ax 3 Domaines . Impey is expected to cede the jersey as race favorites such as Chris Froome and Alberto Contador make their bid for overall domination in the mountains .	Peter Sagan wins seventh stage of Tour de France Slovakian star wins from John Degenkolb and Daniele Bennati South African Daryl Impey retains yellow jersey Race hits Pyrenees Saturday
London  CNN  -- British police arrested two men following a trespassing and burglary incident at Buckingham Palace this week , authorities said Saturday . The Metropolitan Police are still investigating the incident Monday night in which at least one man scaled a security fence to gain entry to the palace . One man was arrested for burglary , trespass and criminal damage , police said . The man was found inside the palace in an area open to the public during the day , police said . The second man was arrested for alleged conspiracy to commit burglary . No members of the royal family were at the London residence during the incident , police said . The incident has prompted a review of security at Buckingham Palace , the best known of Queen Elizabeth II 's palaces . It 's not the first time an intruder has managed to get into the central London palace . In 1982 , Michael Fagan was arrested in the queen 's bedroom after gaining access to the building via a drainpipe . According to news reports from the time , the queen woke to find him by her bed and talked with him until she was able to raise the alarm . That incident led to promises of tighter security at the palace . Other incidents have occurred since , but none has involved anyone getting as close to the queen as Fagan did . However , in 2004 , a fathers ' rights campaigner dressed as Batman evaded security to stage a protest on a Buckingham Palace balcony . Jason Hatch , a Fathers 4 Justice campaigner , used a ladder to scale the perimeter fence before climbing onto the balcony , where the royals appear on ceremonial occasions such as the wedding of Prince William and Catherine in 2011 . Concerns escalated after a Daily Mirror reporter got a job at Buckingham Palace as a servant before U.S. President George W. Bush stayed there during a state visit in November 2003 . Stand-up comedian Aaron Barschak had highlighted lax security by gate-crashing Prince William 's 21st birthday party at Windsor less than six months earlier . Buckingham Palace 's 19 State Rooms , filled with magnificent paintings , sculpture and antique furniture , are open to paying visitors in summer , when the royal family is elsewhere . The palace is the administrative center for the royal household , as well as the queen 's London residence . Laura Smith-Spark reported from London and Nicky Robertson reported from Atlanta .	Police say they 've arrested two men after one scaled a fence to get into Buckingham Palace No member of the royal family was in residence at the time , police say The intruder was found in an area that 's open to the public in the day , police say Other intruders have gained access to the palace in the past
CNN  Preliminary exit poll estimates released by Israel 's three major broadcasters late Tuesday show an election too close to call . Millions of Israelis cast their votes to determine their country 's next Prime Minister and the makeup of its parliament . Channel 2 Israel reports the Likud party , headed by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , has a slight lead over the Zionist Union , led by Isaac Herzog -- 28 seats , over 27 seats . Channels 10 and 1 show the two tied with 27 seats each . The incumbent claimed victory ahead of a final count . "  Against all odds , we achieved this huge victory , " Netanyahu told his cheering supporters . "  Now we should form a strong and stable government that will be able to take care of the security , safety and welfare of each and every citizen of Israel . " The Zionist Union responded by saying in a statement that the Likud party "  keeps misleading . " "  The rightist bloc has shrunk . Everything is possible until the real results are in , when we can know which parties passed the electoral threshold and which government we can form . All the spins and statements are premature , " it read . Official results are not expected to be published until next week , and the process of building coalitions could take much longer . Gabriel Sassoon , foreign communications adviser for the Herzog campaign , said : "  The fat lady has far from sung in this case . We do not know . The parties are neck and neck and it 's a matter of coalition negotiations and let me tell you , it 's entirely possible to form a center-left coalition at this point . Israel is tired of nine long years of Netanyahu . " Election ballots are for political parties rather than individual candidates . Israel has a proportional representation system , meaning a coalition government is likely to be formed within its 120-seat Knesset . How does Israel 's parliament work ? CNN 's Elise Labott described the early results as a "  stunning turnaround " for Netanyahu , who took a sharp turn toward the right during the final days of the hotly-contested campaign . "  It seems to have worked . He seems to have energized that right-wing base and now he is neck-and-neck with Isaac Herzog , even inching a little bit ahead of him , " she said . "  We 'll have to see who 's able to form the coalition with the other parties , but it does look as if Prime Minister Netanyahu has fought his way back and has a very good chance of forming this government . " Before polls closed Tuesday , Netanyahu released a video on his Facebook page urging his supporters to vote , suggesting that leftists are bringing "  huge amounts " of Israel 's Arab citizens to the polls to vote against his Likud party . "  The right regime is in danger , the Arab voters are coming in huge amounts to the polls , " Netanyahu said . "  The leftists are bringing them  Arabs  in huge amounts to polls using buses . ... We have an urgent wake-up call . " Arabs make up about 20 % of Israel 's population . According to the early exit poll estimates , an Arab coalition ranked as the third largest party . Arab citizens of Israel face defining moment in election Moshe Kahlon , a former Likud minister who now heads the Kulanu party , said Netanyahu 's statement "  clearly shows he is feeling the pressure . " "  These remarks were inappropriate and regrettable , " Kahlon said . Polls closed at 10 p.m. local time  4 p.m. ET  . Following the release of exit poll estimates , President Reuven Rivlin said that citizens need a ruling government as soon as possible . "  The President will work with all the election bodies to start the consultations process ASAP . We hope to start as soon as Sunday , " his office said in a statement . Herzog comes from Israeli political royalty . His grandfather , Rabbi Yitzhak HaLevi Herzog , was the first chief rabbi of the state of Israel . His father , Chaim Herzog , was an Army general , an ambassador to the United Nations and the President of Israel . Before entering politics , Herzog served with a military intelligence unit of the Israeli Defense Forces , rising to the rank of major , and worked as a lawyer and served as the director of the Israel Anti-Drug Authority . He began his political career in 2003 , when he first won a seat in the Knesset with the Labor Party . He held a variety of ministerial positions , including minister of housing and construction , minister of tourism and minister of welfare and social services before becoming leader of the Labor Party in 2013 . In those elections , he also became the leader of the opposition , as Netanyahu won another term as Prime Minister . Herzog has pegged his bid for the premiership on social reform , vowing to "  change the nature of the division of wealth . " He has also promised to restart stalled peace talks with the Palestinian Authority . Netanyahu served for six years in the Israeli Army in an elite commando unit until he was wounded in a rescue operation during an airplane hijacking in 1972 . In 1976 , Netanyahu 's brother was killed in a raid to try to free hostages in Uganda from an Air France jet hijacked by pro-Palestinian terrorists . Netanyahu set up an anti-terror institute in his name . His outspokenness on the threat of terrorism attracted attention , and he was given high-profile diplomatic assignments . In 1988 , he was elected to the Knesset . In 1996 , he became Israel 's youngest Prime Minister . He was defeated three years later after signing an interim peace agreement with then-Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat . In 2009 , he again became Prime Minister . CNN 's Labott says Netanyahu 's emphasis on security -- particularly speaking out loudly on Iran -- and his counteroffensives against Hamas in Gaza have boosted his popularity in Israel . But Labott says peace with the Palestinians remains elusive , and Netanyahu is finding himself increasingly alienated from Western partners . As negotiations with Iran near a crucial state , Netanyahu has sided against the White House , telling the U.S. Congress this month that a proposed agreement was "  a bad deal " and would not be supported by Israel , which would stand alone if necessary to defend its people . Five key challenges for next Prime Minister CNN 's Susannah Cullinane , Kevin Flower and Oren Lieberman contributed to this report .	One major TV channel gives Benjamin Netanyahu a slight , one-seat edge Two other channels show him tied at 27 seats with Isaac Herzog Ballots are for political parties rather than individual prime ministerial candidates
CNN  -- Pete Sampras is one of the legends of men 's tennis , holding the record of 286 weeks as world No. 1 -- a position he maintained for an unprecedented six years in a row . The American sat down for a chat with CNN 's Open Court show host Pat Cash , who like Sampras is a former Wimbledon champion . Sampras was still a boy when Cash won his only grand slam crown in 1987 , but went on to notch a record seven championships at the British grass-court event and 14 majors overall -- which was a record until Roger Federer beat it in 2009 . Sampras , now 40 , has been retired from top-level tennis for almost a decade , and has two sons with actress wife Bridgette Wilson . He talks about his post-playing days , his record-breaking achievements , the state of the men 's game and why the U.S. ca n't expect to dominate tennis anymore . On life after tennis : "  I 've been into golf , trying to get into the gym to stay somewhat fit . I 've got two boys now , they 're active kids . "  Retirement is a work in progress . I try to figure out my day , and what I know about myself is that I need structure . I ca n't just wake up and watch TV and do nothing . I need a day off working out , seeing the wife , play a little golf , see my kids . "  I 've worked hard my whole life , since I was a little kid . But now it 's a point in my life now where I can just enjoy it , but at the same time I still need to work . " On his post-retirement exhibition clashes with Roger Federer in 2007 and 2008 : "  It was pretty intense . When we signed up to do it , the last thing I wanted to do was play horrible and embarrass myself . I wanted to be respectful . "  Roger was really good , and he 's a great guy ... I felt pretty comfortable , I was only 35 at the time , so I was still playing pretty good tennis , but I think the most important thing is that I really got to know Roger . "  He 's such a nice guy , good family man . He 's quick and he 's really good and he 's got all the shots and he 's a great player , but I just wanted to make sure I did n't make myself look like an idiot . I wanted to play well and I felt like I did that . " On the state of the men 's game : "  To have Roger and Rafa Nadal playing -- and Novak Djokovic has now been the dominant player and Murray 's getting closer -- it 's a great time for tennis , an interesting year . Is there a guy coming through who is going to to dethrone those guys ? I do n't think so . Berdych , Tsonga ? Yeah , they have their moments up to that level , but I think it 's a little bit like the '80s with McEnroe and Lendl -- those guys played each other all the time , and we 're seeing that today . "  I love watching Roger and Rafa play . I mean the lefty and the righty , the grinder against Roger , who is classic ... Djokovic being a great athlete ... I 'm a huge fan of all those guys . " On America 's lack of successors to Jimmy Connors , John McEnroe , Andre Agassi , Jim Courier , Michael Chang and himself : "  It was a freaky time , it really was , and for American fans and media to expect it every 10 years ... let 's be realistic . It 's unfair to Mardy Fish , Andy Roddick and John Isner . They are really good players but they 're nowhere near Roger and Rafa and Djokovic . "  To get to where I was with Andre and Jim and Michael , it might take another 10 , 20 years . I think the world has got a little bit stronger , a little bit better . Guys are pretty hungry out there ... the game has gotten bigger , more people are playing the sport around the world . "  Americans have been a little content , maybe a little soft . It 's just not happening at the moment . It seems like Kobe Bryant , LeBron James , Tom Brady , they 're like major stars in our country and it seems like tennis has died down a little bit . I do n't see anything changing anytime soon . The American media and fans expect Wimbledon winners , guys being number one -- it 's pretty hard to do . " On the dying art of serve and volley : "  It 's gone . I mean you  Cash  , Bjorn Borg , Stefan Edberg , you were the guys that I grew up watching play , so I just developed this serve and volley game at a young age . You have to start young . I started at 13 , 14 -- if you 're 20 and do n't serve and volley , it 's too late . "  And seeing you play Wimbledon , seeing Boris  Becker  play Wimbledon , it impacted on me -- if I was to win Wimbledon , I needed to get into the net . I decided to serve and volley and do it as a young kid , and at first it was difficult . I love watching Roger , Nadal , Djokovic but it 's sad to see Wimbledon today with everyone staying back . "  Technology might be an issue because with these big Babolat rackets , they do n't need to volley , you just hit the crap out of the ball . Whereas we grew up with the wood racket , so you had to hit it properly . It 'd be nice to have someone come up that serves and volleys . It 's definitely a lost art , and it 's unfortunate . " On the ATP Tour 's 2011 rookie of the year Milos Raonic , widely tipped to be the next Sampras : "  Huge serve , huge second serve . But again , he 's not really looking to get in , he 's looking to serve big and crack it and then get in . The feel is n't quite there with him , but he does n't need to do it when you serve so big . "  It 's a timing thing , it takes a certain rhythm , practice .  Players  like Milos or Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , Tomas Berdych , they serve big , but they 're not willing to get into the net on their serve . I 'm a fan of all these guys , but serve and volley tennis , unfortunately , has pretty much gone . " On bowing out at the top by winning the 2002 U.S. Open , his final tournament : "  I broke the  grand slam  record when I was 29 -- I went through the next two years trying to find motivation . I just felt week in week out I did n't have it in me anymore , I just wanted to win one more major . I switched coaches , did n't really work out very well with that . I went back to Paul Annacone over the summer , and I just knew I had the game , I just needed to put it together and play that last U.S. Open . "  It was raining a lot that first week , so I had to win five matches in seven days at 31 -- a lot of work at the U.S. Open . To beat Andre  Agassi  at the end was a great ending . Quite honestly , I was n't planning on retiring , but once Wimbledon came and went for me , I knew I was done -- my heart was n't in it . I did n't want to practice , I did n't want to play any tennis . "  But it was a great way to end it . It was n't really my plan , and from being as low as I could be -- losing second round at Wimbledon against  world No. 145  George Bastel , I was like almost in tears -- to come through two months later ... " On being No. 1 , beating Connors ' record of five successive years at the top of the rankings , and passing Roy Emerson 's mark of 12 grand slams in 2000 "  The No. 1 was a big deal for me -- six years in a row . I played in Europe for about two months to do it . That was huge for me , that 's a big record . To beat Roy Emerson at Wimbledon with my parents there , beating Patrick Rafter , a great Australian , it was great way to do it . It was 9 o'clock at night , it was a storybook ending , quite an emotional time for me . "  So yeah , it was all about being No. 1 and winning majors , that was my goal , and I created a certain lifestyle to really create that . I was very focused , very single-minded . I just needed to be a certain way as far as my personality , so I felt I wanted to win majors and break some records and be world No. 1 as long as I could . " On being a father : "  Right now they are nine and six . They are great kids , I love them . I want them to listen a little better , I want them to do their homework and not give me a hard time and do what I say . I 'm taking it in small steps , but I 'm not sure they are going to be into tennis . I got them doing tennis lessons every week , and I have them doing golf lessons every weekend , just to try keep them active , get them out of the house . "  We live in a day and age of a lot of computers , Wiis , and iPods -- so much technology -- so I want to get them out of the house . I just want them to be good kids , respectful kids , be nice to people . If they play tennis great , if not , I 'm okay with that . "	Pete Sampras : U.S. can not expect to dominate men 's tennis anymore American legend talks to CNN 's Open Court show about his glittering career Nine years after retiring from top level , he discusses his career highs and lows The 40-year-old is now focused on his family , having two sons with actress wife
The detainee hunger strike at Guantanamo Bay is entering its third month . Official reports say 100 of the detainees remaining at the detention camp are refusing food ; lawyers for the detainees say the number is closer to 130 . Twenty-three are being force-fed through nasal feeding tubes and at least 40 additional medical personnel have been flown to the base to help the overwhelmed staff care for those protesting their detention . Last week , President Obama reaffirmed his position that the detention camp at Guantanamo needs to be closed and that keeping detainees there without charge indefinitely "  is contrary to who we are , it is contrary to our interests , and it needs to stop . " Closing Guantanamo was one of Obama 's key 2008 campaign promises . Five years later , the prison complex is populated with 166 detainees , 86 of whom have been approved for transfer to other countries , and is being considered for a $ 200 million renovation . Opinion : Why has Obama abandoned his Guantanamo pledge ? Nearly 70 % of the almost 800 detainees who have been held at Guantanamo were released by the Bush administration . Since then , some U.S. officials have become increasingly worried about former detainees joining militant groups . A key reason Guantanamo remains open is the fear that released inmates would mount terrorist attacks against the United States , its interests and its allies . Sen. Lindsey Graham , a South Carolina Republican , for instance , last year called Guantanamo detainees "  crazy bastards that want to kill us all " . This view appears to be substantiated by government reports claiming many released inmates go on to join terrorist groups . Last year the U.S. Director of National Intelligence issued an "  unclassified summary " estimating that the number of released detainees confirmed  15.9 percent  or suspected  12.0 percent  of joining militant groups was 27.9 percent . It is impossible to assess the validity of the government 's assertion that more than a quarter of former Guantanamo detainees are confirmed or suspected to have joined a militant group because the government has not publicly released the names of former detainees who have "  returned to the battlefield " since April 2009 . The New America Foundation analyzed Pentagon reports , news stories , and other publicly available documents to create a list of former detainees who have either joined or are suspected of joining militant groups since their release . The list is available here . Of the 603 former detainees who have been transferred out of the prison camp , we identified only 17 individuals  2.8 percent  who are confirmed to be engaging in terrorist or insurgent activities against the United States or its citizens , while there are 21 individuals  3.5 percent  who are suspected of engaging in such activities . We also identified 15 former detainees who are confirmed or are suspected of militant attacks against non-U.S. targets  2.5 percent  . For the purposes of our study , for a former detainee to be considered "  confirmed " that he had joined a militant group , there had to be a preponderance of information claiming he was directly involved in terrorist or insurgent activities . For those "  suspected " of such acts , there were plausible but unverified accounts about their involvement in such activities . Released prisoners who simply made anti-American statements or propaganda were not considered to be confirmed or suspected to be part of a militant group . While it is possible there are some former detainees participating in terrorist and insurgent activities who have not been identified publicly , we are confident that our numbers are reasonably accurate because groups like al-Qaeda and the Taliban are eager to trumpet the identities of released Guantanamo detainees who join their ranks and the media is also quick to highlight such stories . Based on the public record , even if you combine all the released Guantanamo prisoners who are confirmed or suspected to have taken part in any form of militant activity anywhere in the world , the total comes to 53 , or 8.8 % , which is much lower than the 27 % being cited by the U.S. intelligence community . This 8.8 % rate is also far smaller than the recidivism rate of criminals in the United States , which currently stands around 67.5 % , according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics . Interestingly , all but one of these former Guantanamo detainees who joined militant groups were released under the Bush administration . Under Obama , comprehensive threat assessments have been used to determine a detainee 's eligibility for release , which has contributed to the fact that of the 72 prisoners released under Obama we were only able to find one who had joined a militant group after his release . Still , even if the number of Guantanamo prisoners who have "  returned to the battlefield " is quite small , they are certainly dangerous . Take Said Ali al-Shiri , who co-founded Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  in 2009 . Transferred to Saudi Arabia in November 2007 during the George W. Bush administration , al-Shiri completed the kingdom 's rehabilitation program and promptly headed to Yemen , where he became AQAP 's deputy commander . Another example is Abdullah Ghulam Rasoul , who has emerged as a senior Taliban commander . Rasoul was also transferred from Guantanamo to Afghanistan in 2007 by the Bush administration and rejoined the Taliban shortly after the Afghan government released him from custody . In 2009 , after the Yemen-based AQAP claimed responsibility for the attempted bombing of a Detroit-bound airliner on Christmas Day , Obama issued a moratorium on all detainee transfers to Yemen . Of the 86 detainees currently approved for transfer out of Guantanamo , 56 are from Yemen . Congress then passed , and Obama signed , the Defense Authorization Act of 2011 which barred the use of government funds to transfer detainees into the United States or into the custody of other countries unless certain security concerns , like maintaining effective control over the detention facility housing the detainees , could be met . So far , it has been close to impossible for countries in the Middle East and South Asia , where most of the remaining detainees are from , to meet the standards set in this legislation . Yet the fact remains that 86 of the prisoners in Guantanamo were cleared for release three years ago following a year-long investigation of their cases by an interagency task force of officials at the Department of Justice , Pentagon , State Department and the Department of Homeland Security . These detainees , some now on hunger strike , have good reason to despair that they will remain in Guantanamo forever . Their cases have been exhaustively investigated . They have found to be guilty of nothing , yet they are being held indefinitely . Indefinite detention without charge is a policy that we usually associate with dictatorships , not democracies . Add to this the facts that less than 3 % of the detainees at Guantanamo can be confirmed by the public record to have engaged in anti-American terrorism or insurgent actions following their release and those 17 detainees were all released before the intensive review of the cases of the remaining prisoners at Guantanamo began under the Obama administration in 2009 . And so the Guantanamo prisoners who have been cleared for release remain in seemingly perpetual custody , not because they 've been charged or because the rate of former detainees joining militant groups is at all high , but because Washington politics has effectively ensured that there is nowhere else for them to go . For these prisoners , attempting to starve themselves to death is an almost rational response to their bleak future . It 's a story that Kafka might have written . Unfortunately , this one is true .	Peter Bergen : Washington talks of Guantanamo prisoners as major threat He says small number of released Gitmo prisoners have returned to ` battlefield ' Many prisoners are now engaged in a hunger strike , Bergen says Bergen : Indefinite detention without charge is a tool of dictatorship , not democracy
CNN  Fox News firebrand Bill O'Reilly agrees . So does Washington Post columnist Charles Krauthammer . Even conservative kingpin Rush Limbaugh has something in common with the thousands of protesters flooding American streets with anger over the grand jury decision in the Eric Garner case . They all think the grand jury got it wrong . It was enough for the satirists at NBC 's "  Saturday Night Live " to poke a little fun at civil rights icon Al Sharpton , who has found his world suddenly turned topsy-turvy will all the new allies in the Garner case . "  What the hell is going on ? " an actor portraying Sharpton said on Saturday 's program . "  Last night I was sitting in front of my TV , and I found myself saying , ` You damn right , Bill O'Reilly . ' I 'm all messed up ! " And it 's not just O'Reilly . In contrast with another high-profile case involving brutality complaints against police -- the shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri -- a solid majority of Americans disagree with the New York grand jury that declined to charge Officer Daniel Pantaleo in Garner 's death , according to a Bloomberg Politics poll released Sunday . ` Week of Outrage ' gets underway According to the poll , 60 % of Americans feel the grand jury made the wrong decision . Twenty-five percent of respondents said they agreed with the decision . The backlash -- both from conservative commentators and the public -- is different from the reaction to the recent grand jury decision to forgo charges against the white police officer who shot and killed Michael Brown , a much more widely reported incident . In that case , a majority of Americans agreed with the grand jury , although opinions were split firmly along racial , and often political lines . According to the Bloomberg poll , 52 % of Americans -- including 64 % of whites -- sided with the grand jury 's findings . Thirty-six percent disagreed , including 78 % of African-American respondents to the poll , which was conducted December 3 to December 5 and has a margin of error of three percentage points . A CNN/ORC poll found similar divisions in the Ferguson case . In that poll -- conducted before the grand jury decision was announced -- 54 % of non-whites said Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson should be charged with murder . Among whites , 23 % shared the same feeling . Washington Post writer Aaron Blake said the poll results in the Garner case show it is "  the turning point Ferguson never was . " "  In the Garner case , there is a video , leading to less debate about the particulars of precisely what happened , " Blake wrote in a piece published Monday . "  As this poll shows , that is much more conducive to building consensus . And when it comes to taking action in response -- action of any kind -- that kind of bipartisan and biracial consensus makes it significantly more likely , " he wrote . Not so fast , said Jason Johnson , a political science professor at Hiram College in Hiram , Ohio . "  Acknowledging something is wrong is not the same as doing something about it , " he said . He said conservative pundits who have "  cherry picked " the Garner case are n't likely to stand arm-in-arm with protesters demanding reforms . But what of the poll results showing more Americans take issue with the Garner decision ? That 's where Johnson sees change coming , but not with Garner 's death as the catalyst . Political and demographic changes have been driving those changes for years , Johnson said , ever since the Rodney King case roiled Los Angeles and the nation after police officers were taped beating King as he rolled in agony on a Los Angeles street following a high-speed chase . Trust in police has fallen in recent years , he said , citing poll results that particularly show a decline in trust among African-Americans . Meanwhile , the country has become more diverse . Those changes will eventually force a change in how police do their work , Johnson said . What the Garner case could do , he said , is move the national conversation past what some consider to be the overly simplistic suggestion that police body cameras will solve everything . "  The changes we 're going to see now , if there are any , are going to have to be much more substantive and much more on the ground , " he said .	Polling , pundit reactions , suggest outrage over Eric Garner case is widespread Conservative icons join protesters in criticizing grand jury decision But political science professor says he does n't think that means the case is a watershed
CNN  -- It was an ordinary day just before Halloween . I had arrived home after picking up my 3-year-old daughter from school when I heard my phone ringing . I missed the first call from my father-in-law . He called right back . I knew what he was calling about . I took the phone to my wife , Sara , and let her take the call . About 10 seconds into the conversation , she crumbled into a heap on the floor . Fighting cancer with mustaches The test results were back . My father-in-law had been diagnosed with prostate cancer . We had feared this was going to come . He had shown some worrisome symptoms for a while , but nothing really prepares you for that moment . We cried , and I supported my wife the best I could . We talked about how we could help , being that we live in Atlanta and my in-laws live just outside Chicago . Would we move ? Would we take time off from work ? Would we pay for a nurse to help him recover ? What will his treatment be ? How will it affect him ? Will it make him better ? A few hours after being introduced to my father-in-law almost six years ago , I joined his family in riding in Chicago Critical Mass. . Several thousand fellow cyclists had taken to rush hour in downtown Chicago to demonstrate that "  we are traffic , too . " The cops shut the event down after a while . There I was , looking at the man who I knew would be my father-in-law , lifting his bicycle above his head , shouting "  F *** the police ! " I loved him instantly . The one thing I do know about his diagnosis : We will approach it with the same bluntness , energy and "  stick-it-to-the-man " mentality that he has taken to every other challenge he 's had . He is due to have surgery soon , and the prognosis looks hopeful . I know this attitude will stand him in good stead for a full recovery . When we got that fateful phone call , I realized that we were only a couple of days away from Movember , the month when "  Mo-Bros " everywhere join forces to grow ridiculous-looking mustaches in the name of raising awareness and funds for men 's health issues , specifically prostate and testicular cancer initiatives . It was a concept that seemed to fit perfectly . So I rummaged around the bathroom drawer for my long-lost razor . The last time I was completely bereft of facial hair was the night my daughter was born nearly four years ago . We were living in Amsterdam at the time , and after 24 hours or so at the hospital , we were the proud parents of a 6-pound baby girl . As my wife and our new bundle of joy slept , I rushed home to collect clothes for Sara and other sundries that had been forgotten in the rush to the hospital . I thought I would do the decent thing and clean myself up a bit before returning to the hospital in the morning . A shower and a shave , I thought . But I was so tired at that point that I did n't realize I had left the guard off my electric razor . Beard ... gone . I did n't recognize the person underneath . I 've had facial hair ever since , and it really felt strange to shave it off again for Movember . It made me think about that night at the hospital and reminded me of the new sense of responsibility I felt to my daughter and wife . This time , that sense of responsibility comes from a different place . This time I feel an obligation to stand with my father-in-law , to support and honor him in the best and only way I know how . When people stop me at work and ask me why I shaved my beard off , I have a great excuse to talk about him and the type of man he is . It never fails to give me a spring in my step and a great sense of confidence , purpose and camaraderie . Ultimately , I think that 's what Movember is all about .	Stewart Scott-Curran : Movember is a conversation starter about men 's health He says it reminds him of family responsibility as much as it does of beards Scott-Curran : "  It never fails to give me ... a great sense of confidence "
In an open letter to President Barack Obama published Tuesday , dozens of doctors asked to be allowed to treat hunger-striking prisoners at the U.S. detention center at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . For four months , many detainees at Guantanamo have been on a hunger strike , protesting their detention at the facility . "  It is clear that they do not trust their military doctors , " the more than 150 doctors and other medical professionals wrote in an open letter published online by The Lancet medical journal . "  They have very good reason for this , as you should know , from the current protocols of the Joint Task Force Guantanamo , which those doctors are ordered to follow . " In May , 13 detainees wrote an open letter in the UK-based Guardian newspaper asking to see civilian doctors because they said they did not trust the military doctors whom they accused of force-feeding them against their will . In their letter to Obama , the doctors and medical professionals said : "  The orders they receive are ultimately your orders as their Commander-in-Chief . Without trust , safe and acceptable medical care of mentally competent patients is impossible . Since the detainees do not trust their military doctors , they are unlikely to comply with current medical advice . " Of the 166 detainees at Guantanamo , 104 are on a hunger strike to protest their treatment an indefinite detention , according to Capt. Robert Durand , a spokesman for the detention facility . Forty-four of the detainees have received "  enteral feeding , " where a tube is inserted through the nose and down the throat to administer liquids , military officials said . The detainee protest began last year , with five to six detainees starting and stopping hunger strikes . But the number grew after lawyers for some of those held drew attention to conditions at the facility , Army Lt. Col. Todd Breasseale , a spokesman on detainee issues at the Pentagon , said earlier this year . Human rights groups have long protested the detention of suspected enemy fighters who have n't been charged with crimes . The government says the detainees are too dangerous to transfer but can not be tried , characterizing them as war prisoners under the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force Act . Obama has recently renewed his vow to shut the prison established last decade to house suspected terrorists . The open letter from the doctors came a day after the federal government was forced to release the names of dozens of detainees at the military prison after a newspaper sued the federal government for the information . The list released Monday identifies 46 inmates being held for "  continued detention " at the facility . The report was made public after a lawsuit by the Miami Herald . The Obama administration first acknowledged that detainees were being held indefinitely in Guantanamo in 2010 but did n't make their identities public until now . Of the 46 detainees listed for indefinite detention , the report shows that 26 are from Yemen , 10 are from Afghanistan , three are from Saudi Arabia , two each are from Libya and Kuwait , and one each are from Kenya , Somalia and Morocco .	The Lancet medical journal published the open letter on Tuesday The letter is signed by more than 150 doctors and medical professionals They are asking the president to allow them to treat the hunger-striking detainees Thirteen detainees wrote an open letter in May pleading for civilian doctors
AOL Autos  -- The little two-passenger smart fortwo is the most fuel-efficient car  not counting hybrids  in the U.S. market , with EPA fuel economy ratings of 33 mpg city , 41 highway . For high-mileage frugality , it appears to beat the five-passenger Toyota Yaris and its 29/35-mpg ratings by a long shot . Look at the inside of your car 's fuel door to find out whether you 're required to use a certain octane gasoline . But wait ! Premium fuel -- which cost about 12 percent more than regular at U.S. pumps last month -- is required for the fortwo . Suddenly the gap closes and the Smart no longer looks like as strong of a fuel-budget buster . And with the requirement , they mean it : smart says you 'll lose your warranty coverage if you do n't ante up . With premium fuel averaging about 24 cents more per gallon than regular , your choices at the pump can add up very quickly . If you drive a 20-mpg vehicle 15,000 miles a year , that 's an extra $ 180 , each year , toward those extra few octane points . If you have a thirstier truck or SUV or cover more mileage , it could amount to hundreds of dollars a year . New-car buyers , take notice . Add fuel requirements to your shopping checklist , because it will impact your wallet with every visit to the gas station , for years of ownership . The expensive stuff is typically recommended -- though not always required -- for luxury and high-performance cars , while less-expensive sedans , coupes , and SUVs only require 87-octane . But there are plenty of exceptions . Alan Hall , a spokesman for Ford , says that the automaker no longer has any models that require premium grade and only a few for which it 's recommended . Regular unleaded is fine across all the models of Ford 's Lincoln luxury brand , says Hall , so "  as a luxury car buyer you do n't have that added premium of premium fuel . " Ford now does all of its engine development and vehicle testing on 87-octane , regular-grade fuel . "  We do n't want to give you a product that will have durability issues , " explains Hall , if premium-grade is n't available everywhere . Another exception in the luxury-car realm is Hyundai ; the automaker chose to tune the new high-performance V-8 engine in its Genesis sedan for premium fuel , but it also certified it for regular-grade . The automaker is the first to list power figures both with premium  375 hp  and regular  368 hp  , letting owners opt for either top performance or a substantial savings at the pump . For the record , there 's no measurable difference in fuel economy between the two grades , or any greater potential for damage , according to Hyundai . "  We wanted to give customers the choice , " explained Hyundai spokesman Miles Johnson . "  If you want a few extra horsepower , go ahead and spend a little more at the pump . " Along with several European automakers , the BMW Group recommends premium fuel for all of its vehicles -- including the economical MINI Cooper -- yet Ford does n't even recommend premium for its sporty , V-8-powered Mustang GT . The high-performance , 540-hp Shelby GT500 is the only new Ford vehicle to carry the recommendation for premium ... and Hall concedes the engine will get a "  slight boost " from premium . Throwing money away ? You might have been led to believe at some point that your vehicle will do better with premium , but with most newer vehicles , that 's simply not true . Provided yours just calls for 87-octane , chances are you wo n't notice the difference , according to a number of experts , and you 're essentially throwing the money away . The best way to tell , advises John Nielsen , director of AAA 's Auto Repair and Buying Network , is to simply look at the inside of the fuel door ; if it says , "  use premium fuel only , " and specifies a higher octane number  regular is typically 87 , premium is 91 or higher  , then the expensive stuff is actually required for the vehicle . But for people with vehicles only requiring 87-octane , Nielsen advises , "  Do n't do it ; it 's a waste of money . " Do n't let the filthy images get to you either . If you 've seen commercials for gasoline , you 've likely heard that premium-grade will keep maintain your vehicle 's full power and smoothness , and otherwise your valves and injectors will become clogged with ` gunk , ' and you 'll have to shoulder premature repairs . Typically , within the same brand of gasoline , between regular and premium , "  the difference is really just octane , " confirms Prentiss Searles , Marketing Issues Manager at the American Petroleum Institute . To call a fuel regular , midgrade , or premium , Searles explains , only relates to octane ; there 's no other requirement that assures greater purity , more detergents , or better additives . Nielsen says that the emphasis on detergents and additives for premium fuels is also misleading because in most fuels you have plenty of detergents to keep modern computer-controlled engines clean . "  Unleaded is just fine , " he insists . More drivers are discovering that . Last year , as gasoline prices crept past four dollars a gallon for regular grade and approached five dollars in some places for premium , many motorists with rapidly emptying wallets broke the premium habit and filled up their vehicle with regular for the first time . The market share of premium gas has been on a downward trend for many years -- going from 16.6 percent percent of U.S. sales in 1997 to just 9.5 percent in 2007 , according to the Energy Information Administration -- and although 2008 data has n't yet been released , it 's anticipated that last year even more turned to the less-expensive nozzle . Pinging is a thing of the past For cars made several decades ago , it was up to you to listen for deadly knocking or pinging sounds -- a sign that the fuel was prematurely detonating and could quickly cause damage to engine components . But since the 1980s , most vehicles have had knock sensors . These little microphones listen for the telltale ` ping ' of early detonation and your car 's electronics automatically retard ignition timing to smooth it out . You do n't even need to worry that your knock sensors have broken , Nielsen says , because it would set off the ` check engine ' light . The actual heat energy in gasoline is typically the same whether it 's regular or premium , but the higher octane rating means it can burn in a more controlled fashion -- useful only if the engine can take advantage of it . "  Higher-octane gasoline does n't make any more power , but it enables higher compression , or enables the turbochargers to produce more boost , " says Nielsen . For vehicles that only require 87-octane , using a higher-octane fuel wo n't yield any noticeable difference from the driver 's seat . It 's a bit more complicated when premium is recommended . Look at the language in your owner 's manual first , and if it mentions that regular is acceptable there will still likely be cautions of compromised performance ; if it cautions against the regular use of regular you might be compromising your warranty . Honda spokesman Chris Martin advises against using regular for any vehicle for which premium is recommended . "  There could be some short-term knocking or pinging , but nothing lasting , " he says . "  I would n't recommend it for the long term . " Nielsen , of AAA , adds that drivers of high-performance or luxury vehicles for which 91-octane is recommended might actually negate their savings with regular depending on their driving style , seeing lower fuel economy . In a lot of cases , Nielsen sums , the fuel specs are simply an engineering issue ; the engine was designed and tested with premium fuel , and they did n't design it to run on premium -- although it might do just fine . If your car was n't built with an appetite for premium , save yourself the money .	Fuel octane requirements can be found on inside of car 's fuel door Using a higher-than-required octane wo n't make car run better , experts say Ford says it does all vehicle development on regular-grade fuel now Check the gas requirements for new fuel-efficient car to maximize savings
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Eight years ago , Gael Garcia Bernal and Diego Luna became global pin-ups for the resurgence in Mexican filmmaking after their memorable breakthrough in coming-of-age road movie "  Y tu Mama Tambien . " "  Rudo y Cursi " reunites Luna and Bernal , who became pin-ups for the resurgence in Mexican filmmaking with "  Y tu Mama Tambien " in 2001 . Today , Luna and Bernal 's on-screen chemistry has once again grabbed the public 's attention , this time in Mexico , where their latest film "  Rudo y Cursi " made box-office history . It became the fourth highest-grossing film in the country 's history when it was released at the end of 2008 . "  Rudo y Cursi , " approximately translated as Tough and Corny , tells the story of two rural banana farmers who , after being ` spotted ' by a crooked talent scout , gain instant celebrity in the Mexican soccer league playing for opposing teams . But , mesmerized by women and fast cars and unable to defy their demons , they look on powerless as the dream disintegrates in front of them almost as suddenly as it arrived . The movie touches on fame , poverty and corruption , but for its makers , it is ultimately a tale of brotherhood . It was written written and directed by Carlos Cuaron , and is the first release from groundbreaking new production venture Cha Cha Cha films . Cha Cha Cha was established by Mexico 's three leading directors who are also renowned internationally -- Carlos ' brother Alfonso Cuaron  "  Children of Men "  , Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu  "  Babel "  and Guillermo del Toro  "  Pan 's Labyrinth "  . All three serve as producers on the film . In pictures : Bernal and Garcia in "  Rudo y Cursi " " "  Originally I wanted to make a fake documentary about a footballer from a humble background who made it big and then disappeared mysteriously , " Carlos Cuaron told CNN . "  But I told this idea to Gael -LSB- Garcia Bernal -RSB- and Diego -LSB- Luna -RSB- , and they both said they wanted to play the part . I had one part and two actors . So I made up another brother and forgot about the fake documentary . " Cuaron also cast Bernal and Luna -- best friends since childhood in Mexico City who were so keen to do the film the signed up before they saw a script -- against type and against their wishes . Both had originally wanted to play the opposite character : Bernal the abrasive Rudo , and Luna the romantic Cursi . They were eventually dissuaded by Cuaron who said : "  I do n't want to make Y Tu Mama Tambien 2 . " The idea behind Cha Cha Cha films was conceived by Cuaron senior , del Toro and Innaritu when the trio -- a kind of all-stars of Mexican cinema -- found themselves with a surprise 16 nominations and 4 awards at the 2007 Oscars . The idea came out of a desire to pool their their rising bargaining power and maximize their clout in Hollywood -- and , of course , out of friendship . The company was "  born out of friendship and sibling sympathies , " del Toro told CNN . When Carlos was originally writing the script , his bother , Alfonso told him thought it was perfect for Cha Cha Cha . The venture formalizes a working relationship del Toro , Innaritu and Alfonso Cuaron have had for years , but they freely admit they spend little time together . Rather it is a case of exchanging ideas and honing each other 's writing over the phone and via email from all over the globe . Del Toro , for example , is currently in New Zealand directing Peter Jackson 's follow-up to his wildly successful "  Lord of the Rings " trilogy , "  The Hobbit . " It would appear that the Mexican trio have created an ideal creative environment for themselves , Cha Cha Cha has been criticized for forgetting their Mexican heritage in the rush to embrace Hollywood . It is not a criticism they take lightly . Watch Cuaron , Bernal and Garcia talking about "  Rudo y Cursi " "  I do n't care about Mexican films , about indie films , about Hollywood films , " says Alfonso . "  Just good or bad movies . "  Yes , it 's great that we have a common background as Mexican creators , but once you are a creator you have a common language with creators from all around the world . " For del Toro , the company will extend the influence of Mexican cinema not diminish it : "  We want to give Mexican cinema , if you want to call it that , the credentials and right to exist in world cinema . "  People do n't think twice when -LSB- Italian filmmaker -RSB- Bernardo Bertolucci is doing a movie about China called ` The Last Emperor . ' "  But in your mind , Latin American filmmakers are only doing Latin American films . We 're trying to show that it 's important to have roots , but not borders . " The bittersweet drama has played to big laughs all over Mexico and the U.S. , but for its makers , it is not simply a comedy . "  People talk about this film as if it 's a comedy but I question that , " says Alfonso . "  The elements are very dramatic and actually very tragic , and the ending has a very bittersweet tone . " According to del Toro , the movie "  says there 's a way to be comfortable with failure , and finding you 're emotionally more satisfied in failing . " Failure though , is not an issue overly burdening Cha Cha Cha 's "  three amigos , " -- their second film , "  Biutiful , " set in Barcelona , directed by Inarritu and starring Javier Bardem is currently being edited in Spain . Alfonso told CNN his next movie would be shot in France and Scotland , and would be in French and English , though that too "  will be a Cha Cha Cha film . " Carlos Cuaron is the only one who is unhappy , despite the unprecedented success of his directorial debut . "  For me it 's difficult , " he says . "  Whenever I see the movie , I only see the flaws . Nobody else sees them . " "  Not even your mother ? " asks Bernal . "  No , not my mother , " says the director . "  She thinks I 'm a genius . "	Mexican superstars Gael Garcia Bernal , Diego Luna star together Film has gone down in Mexican history as fourth most popular box office hit ever Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu , Alfonso Cuaron , Guillermo del Toro behind film Directed by Carlos Cuaron and produced by production company , Cha Cha Cha
London , England  CNN  -- When it comes to theatrical dance in the Arab world , all roads lead to Mahmoud Reda . During a glittering career , the 79-year-old Egyptian dancer and choreographer has performed on the world 's most prestigious stages , including New York 's Carnegie Hall and Congress Hall in Berlin . His universal appeal , likened to U.S. dance legends Gene Kelly and Fred Astaire , has allowed Reda to export his particular mix of theatrical and traditional dance around the globe . This year , the Arab dance ambassador celebrates the 50th anniversary of his influential folk dance group , the Reda Dance Troupe . Reda 's style draws from techniques of jazz , ballet , Hindu dance and Russian folkloric dance . It has had influenced and shaped the dance form known as "  Raks Sharki "  Oriental dance  , more commonly known as "  belly dancing " outside the Middle East . "  I was inspired by folklore and putting my own technique with some blend of classical ballet to improve , you know , the movements , " Reda told CNN .	Egyptian legend Mahmoud Reda celebrating 50 years of his dance troupe . Reda 's universal appeal is often compared with Fred Astaire or Gene Kelly The 79-year-old has helped spread the popularity of Arabic dance across the world .
Police in Argentina arrested at least 120 people Sunday after a World Cup celebration in downtown Buenos Aires got out of hand , state news agency Telam reported . Fans had gathered to celebrate Argentina 's best performance in the World Cup in almost a quarter century . The celebrations went on peacefully without incident until a few hours later when dozens of rowdy vandals smashed shop windows , ransacked a theater , beat up journalists and attacked police officers with bottles and rocks , local media reported . Police fired water cannons and tear gas in response . Fifteen police officers and at least five others were injured in the clashes , Telam said . Even though Argentina lost to Germany 1-0 in extra time , it was the first time the team made it to the World Cup final since 1990 . And its star player , Lionel Messi , won the Golden Ball , given to the best player of the tournament . "  The boys gave everything , " one man said . "  They put their souls into the game . But this time , it did n't happen . We are very happy . " Germany erupts with joy as 24-year World Cup wait comes to an end Bizarre moments at the World Cup final	At least 120 people are arrested Mobs vandalize shops and attack officers Fans had gathered to celebrate Argentina 's best performance since 1990
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- A Pakistani man using "  colonel " as a title is one of about three dozen people wanted over November 's terrorist attacks in Mumbai , but his connections with the Pakistani army have not been established , Indian prosecutors say . Police patrol in New Delhi last year following warnings of possible attacks using hijacked aircraft , officials said . "  This is all a matter of investigation , " special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam told CNN Thursday when asked if India thought he had links to the Pakistani army . Neither is it clear whether the "  colonel " belonged to the Pakistan-based militant outfit Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , which is blamed for the Mumbai siege , Nikam said . But India , the public prosecutor added , had "  ample evidence " of his involvement in the November attacks . Authorities say Mohammed Ajmal Kasab , the only surviving suspect accused of taking part in the Mumbai siege , faces a multitude of charges , including murder and attempted murder . Speaking outside Qila Court in Mumbai , Nikam said Kasab did n't attend the hearing for security reasons . The next hearing is set for March 9 . A 21-year-old Pakistani , Kasab was one of 10 men accused of participating in the coordinated sieges on buildings such as the Taj Mahal Palace and Tower and Oberoi-Trident hotels , Mumbai 's historic Victoria Terminus train station and the Jewish cultural center , Chabad House . Indian forces killed nine suspects . More than 160 people , including many foreigners , died during the three days of attacks that began November 26 . Authorities said Kasab was trained by Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , which was banned in Pakistan in 2002 after a terrorist attack on India 's parliament . The group denied responsibility . Nikam said on Wednesday that the 50-page document describing the charges against Kasab also contains the names of 35 other suspects being sought in the crimes , many of whom are thought to be members of Lashkar-e-Tayyiba . The prosecutor said his office hopes to finish the trial for Kasab in three to six months . He has been in police custody since November 28 . Also charged Wednesday were two men accused of helping to plan the violence , Fahim Ansari and Sabahuddin Ahmed , according to the prosecutor .	Pakistani man using "  colonel " as a title is wanted over Mumbai attacks Indian prosecutors say man 's connections with Pakistani army not established Authorities say only surviving suspect faces charges , including murder Indian forces killed 9 suspects ; over 160 people died in November attacks
CNN  -- Bayer Leverkusen regained second place in the Bundesliga on Sunday , with a 4-2 win at home to struggling Stuttgart . Stuttgart twice battled back from behind , but goals in the last ten minutes of play from Stefan Reinartz and Stefan Kiessling ensured victory for coach Jupp Heynckes ' side . The 2007 German champions Stuttgart now find themselves joint bottom-of-the-table with Monchengladbach , who inflicted a surprise 2-1 defeat at home to Champions League side Schalke . A goal from Peer Kluge gave mid-table Schalke a second-minute lead , but Gladbach leveled through Marco Reus before Mohamadou Idrissou scored to give his team their first home-win of the season . Just five points now separate the bottom five teams in the Bundesliga , with Stuttgart and Monchengladbach level at the foot of the table with just 19 points . Although up to second place Leverkusen still lie 10 points adrift of league leaders Borussia Dortmund -- who extended their lead with a home win over St. Pauli on Saturday -- but have a three point cushion over third-placed side Bayern Munich .	Bayer Leverkusen are up to second in the Bundesliga after win over Stuttgart 2007 champions Stuttgart now bottom-of-the-table after 4-2 defeat to Leverkusen Champions League side Schalke suffer shock 2-1 defeat away to Monchengladbach
CNN  -- Amanda Knox will wake up at home in Seattle on Wednesday for the first time in four years as she enjoys her new-found freedom after an Italian appeals court threw out her murder conviction . Knox and her family arrived on a British Airways flight Tuesday evening . "  I 'm really overwhelmed right now , " a tearful Knox told cheering supporters at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport . "  I was looking down from the airplane , and it seemed like everything was n't real . " "  What 's important for me to say is just thank you , to everyone who has believed in me , who has defended me , who has supported my family , " she said , her voice shaking . Being with her family , she said , is "  the most important thing to me right now . " "  Thank you for being there for me , " she said . Before beginning her remarks , Knox smiled and said , "  They 're reminding me to speak in English , because I 'm having problems with that . " An Italian appeals court on Monday overturned Knox 's murder conviction in the 2007 death of her roommate , British student Meredith Kercher . Knox initially was sentenced to 26 years in prison . Knox 's mother and stepfather , Edda and Chris Mellas , also thanked those who have supported their family , as well as the Italian attorneys who fought on her behalf . "  Meredith was Amanda 's friend , " said Philadelphia attorney Theodore Simon , who spoke at the news conference . Knox wants the Kercher family to be remembered , Simon said as Knox nodded and appeared to fight tears . Ahead of her arrival , Knox supporters in Seattle said they planned a rousing welcome . "  To Amanda herself , we say , ` Way to go , kid , ' " Tom Wright , founder of the group Friends of Amanda Knox , said Monday night . Knox was convicted in 2009 of murder , sexual assault , possession of a weapon , interfering with a crime and theft . The jury cleared Knox of those charges , freeing her . The court also cleared her Italian ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito . But the jury Monday upheld her conviction on the charge of defamation against Patrick Lumumba , whom Knox accused of killing Kercher . Lumumba was arrested , but released after his alibi checked out . He later sued Knox , winning 40,000 euros  $ 54,000  in damages . Knox was sentenced Monday to three years on the defamation charge , but received credit for the years she spent behind bars , her attorney said . A third person , drifter Rudy Guede , was convicted separately of involvement in the killing and is serving 16 years . Defense teams for Knox and Sollecito have suggested Guede could have been the sole killer . CNN 's Josh Levs and Sandra Endo contributed to this report .	Amanda Knox returns home after four years She says spending time with her family is a priority Charges against Knox are overturned Knox was convicted of murder and other charges in 2009
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A trendy California sushi restaurant charged by federal authorities with serving whale meat offered an apology Monday , saying it "  ignored its responsibilities " to endangered species . Prosecutors charged Typhoon Restaurant Inc. , the parent company of Santa Monica 's The Hump , and chef Kiyoshiro Yamamoto , 45 , with the illegal sale of a marine mammal product for an unauthorized purpose . Although it is considered a delicacy in Japan and some other countries , meat from whales -- an endangered species -- can not be sold legally in the United States . "  We write to address the misdemeanor charge recently filed by the U.S. attorney , " the restaurant said in a statement posted on its Web site . "  The charge against the restaurant is true : The Hump served whale meat to customers looking to eat what in Japan is widely served as a delicacy , " the statement continued . "  In serving this meat , The Hump ignored its responsibilities to help save endangered whales from extinction and failed to support the world community in its uphill fight to protect all endangered species . " The restaurant pledged to set up procedures to ensure that it complies with laws and "  becomes a good corporate citizen . " "  We sincerely apologize . We pledge to work hard to re-earn the trust of the public and respect of our customers . " The misdemeanor charge carries a federal prison sentence of up to a year and a fine of up to $ 200,000 for the company , said Thom Mrozek , spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office . The law firm for the restaurant and its parent company deferred questions to The Hump 's Web site . However , Typhoon attorney Gary Lincenberg has said the restaurant accepts responsibility for serving whale and will agree to pay a fine , CNN affiliate KTLA reported . The investigation into the restaurant began in October , when two members of the team that made the documentary "  The Cove " visited The Hump , officials said . "  The Cove , " which exposes the annual killing of dolphins at a Japanese fishing village , won the Academy Award for best documentary this month . The restaurant , located at the Santa Monica Airport , is known for its exotic fare . Its Web site asks diners to surrender themselves to its chefs for "  a culinary adventure ... unlike any that you have previously experienced . " Crowd marches outside restaurant Armed with a hidden camera , the two women captured the waitress serving them whale and horse meat and identifying them as such , a federal criminal complaint said . A receipt from the restaurant at the end of the meal identified their selection as "  whale " and "  horse " with the cost -- $ 85 -- written next to them . The women snuck pieces of the meat into a napkin and later sent them for examination to a researcher at Oregon State University . He identified the whale sample to be that of sei whale , prosecutors said . The sei is found throughout the world 's oceans . Whalers began to hunt them after the populations of right , humpback , blue and fin whales declined due to overfishing . It is now considered an endangered species . In February and March , the activists returned and again asked for -- and were served -- whale meat , the criminal complaint said . A DNA test of the meat smuggled out after the February visit confirmed it to be meat from the sei whale , Mrozek said . During a final visit in March , officials with U.S. Customs and Border Protection , the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration observed the activists asking for "  kujira , " or whale meat . One of the officers then saw the sushi chef leave the restaurant and return with a wrapped package that he seemed to have retrieved from a parked Mercedes , the complaint said . The chef told a customer it was whale meat , the document said . Next , officials raided the restaurant , and chef Yamamoto admitted that he had served whale meat , the complaint said . "  Someone should not be able to walk into a restaurant and order a plate of an endangered species , " U.S. Attorney Andre Birotte Jr. said . Conservation agencies are engaged in an ongoing feud with Japan over whaling . In the early 1980s , the International Whaling Commission determined that there should be a moratorium on commercial whale hunting . However , whaling is allowed under international law when done for scientific reasons , which Japan cites as the legal basis for its hunts . The country 's annual hunt kills up to 1,000 whales . Many in the international community believe that such hunts amount to needless slaughter .	The Hump sushi restaurant apologizes in statement posted on Web site Feds alleged restaurant , chef illegally sold meat of endangered whales Whale meat is considered a delicacy in Japan , other countries
EW.com  -- The best-known name in pro-wrestling history is returning to WWE : Hulk Hogan is coming back to serve as a host for the company 's various programs . "  Words can not express how excited I am to be back in the WWE family , " Hogan said in a statement . "  I only have one question for the WWE Universe : whatcha gon na do when Hulkamania runs wild as the host of ` WrestleMania 30 ' ? " Olympics push ` American Idol ' ratings to new low Added WWE Chairman & CEO Vince McMahon : "  It 's fitting to have him help us celebrate 30 years of WrestleMania and usher in a new era with the launch of WWE Network . " Hogan will make his first WWE appearance in seven years this Monday on USA Network 's "  Raw at 8 p.m. , " and will also appear on "  WWE Raw Backstage Pass , " which airs live on WWE Network on Monday nights at 11:05 p.m. David Tennant breaks silence on Fox 's ` Broadchurch ' remake Hogan 's not expected to be in the ring , though we hear he will "  have an impact " on the action . Hogan became the WWE Champion in 1984 when he defeated The Iron Sheik at Madison Square Garden . He went on to win six WWE Championships , and appeared in-character in movies and TV shows . His last WWE appearance was in 2007 , where he appeared at the 15th anniversary of "  Raw . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Hulk Hogan is returning to WWE as a host He 'll appear on USA Network 's "  Raw at 8 p.m. " and "  WWE Raw Backstage Pass " Hogan is n't expected to be in the ring , though he might "  have an impact " on the action
Washington  CNN  -- The House Ways and Means Committee is the oldest , and arguably the most powerful , in Congress with members responsible for writing the nation 's tax laws . But a CNN investigation of all 39 Democrats and Republicans on the committee found that at least eight members have faced tax problems of their own . For example , New York Rep. Tom Reed has been late paying his property taxes at least 46 times since 2005 . And he racked up more than $ 6,200 in penalties and interest on more than $ 100,000 in taxes , according to county records . On a stunning lake house in New York 's Finger Lakes region and a home in Corning , Reed missed a combined 16 tax payments over nine years . On three other buildings in Corning and another in Bath Village , Reed had a total of 20 late payments over eight years . And on a mobile home park and two other commercial properties , Reed was late on his taxes 10 times since 2007 , according to county records . So what happened ? "  You know it 's just like a lot of people , these are things that just happen and they were paid within the allotted time , " Reed told CNN . But unlike a lot of people , Reed is charged with writing the nation 's tax laws . Asked if he should be helping to write laws he has trouble following , the Republican lawmaker said , "  Well , I mean these are real property tax bills , which is different than what the Ways and Means does with income tax bills . And I mean we 're paying them , we paid them within the allotted time and that 's it . " Reed likened the late tax payments to missing a utility bill , saying that while he was late -- and paid penalties because of it -- the taxes never went unpaid . Steve Ellis of the watchdog group Taxpayers for Common Sense said that "  lots of Americans run afoul of tax laws , but you 'd think the people who are actually writing it would n't get this wrong . " But they do . Take Ohio Republican Rep. Jim Renacci , for instance . He fought state tax officials for years , refusing to pay nearly $ 1.4 million in back income taxes , interest and penalties . Renacci declined several interview requests , but a spokeswoman issued a statement . Renacci was "  appealing an attempt by the new tax commissioner to impose a unilateral and retroactive tax on Ohio taxpayers . In a 3-2 split decision , the state Supreme Court ruled that the commissioner had the authority to impose the retroactive tax . At that time , while he strongly disagreed with decision to levy taxes retroactively , Jim Renacci paid the assessment in full , including interest and penalties , " the statement said . But the Ohio tax commissioner categorized Renacci 's battle differently , writing in his final determination that his fellow Republican "  failed to act in good faith . " Another Ohioan , Rep. Pat Tiberi , was criticized for not paying employment taxes on his campaign workers . Instead of hiring employees for the 2008 and 2010 campaigns , he hired consultants as independent contractors -- and avoided the payroll taxes . The Republican said he followed IRS rules . "  We have a tax lawyer . That 's part of the reason why campaigns are so expensive because we have a CPA who does our filing , " he said . "  We have tax lawyers that are on call to make sure that we follow the letter of the law . " But Ellis called the lawmakers ' tax problems "  outrageous . " "  Nobody wants to feel like a chump when they 're paying their taxes and if they see that their lawmakers , the ones who actually write the tax laws , are n't paying their bills , it 's going to make them wonder why they 're paying theirs , " Ellis said . Some of the transgressions were relatively minor . For instance , Wisconsin Republican Rep. Paul Ryan had to pay a $ 59 fine after understating his income . And Indiana Republican Rep. Todd Young paid $ 1,500 in tax penalties after a mortgage escrow mix up . "  I accept full responsibility for past late payments , and have paid all taxes and fees I owed . I regret the errors and offer no excuses , " Young told CNN in a statement . "  Since then , I have taken corrective action to ensure this does n't occur again . " Tennessee Republican Rep. Diane Black 's situation was a bit more complicated . A property that she and her husband own racked up almost $ 4,000 in penalties and interest after her husband 's business paid the bill late . A spokesman explained that the company did not receive the tax notice , but paid the bill the day that company officials learned it was overdue . Florida Republican Vern Buchanan 's run-ins with the IRS make him the frontrunner for most expensive tax problem , costing him $ 2.5 million . Buchanan fought the IRS contention that he owed an additional $ 1 million in taxes . In 2002 , after years of fighting , he paid $ 1.2 million in taxes -- the amount he insisted he owed -- plus another $ 1.3 million in penalties and interest he racked up during the fight . Finally , there 's New York Democrat Charles Rangel . He lost his chairmanship of the committee in 2010 and was censured in part for his failure to pay taxes on rental income from his swank villa in the Dominican Republic . Yet years later , both Rangel and Buchanan still sit on the committee . How Washington spends your taxes CNN 's Scott Bronstein and Curt Devine contributed to this report . Watch The Lead with Jake Tapper weekdays at 4pm ET . For the latest on The Lead with Jake Tapper click here .	Eight of the 39 members of House Ways and Means have had tax issues of their own Committee is responsible for writing the country 's tax laws Issues range from a $ 59 late payment to a $ 2.5 million tax bill Some of the issues with congressional lawmakers involve state and local taxes
Montcoal , West Virginia  CNN  -- I am West Virginia born and raised , and I come from a long line of coal miners . My father , grandfather , brothers , husband and son-in-law either are or were coal miners . My husband spent 35 years as an underground union coal miner and he died of black lung . I live near Coal River Mountain and my community is experiencing a tragedy . The situation here , before this disaster , had already compelled me to become an environmental activist , committed to doing everything I can to stop the destructive practice of coal extraction known as mountaintop removal . I am not trying to stop all coal mining . I believe coal mining will be with us for a very long time , considering our enormous thirst for energy and our slow transition to renewable energy . Throughout Appalachia , 2,000 miles of headwater streams have been destroyed and over 500 mountains have been decapitated by mountaintop removal . I stood by and did nothing until Massey Energy brought this fight to my door . Three years ago , Massey applied for a permit to blow the top off the mountain behind my house . The company plans to level 6,600 acres of Coal River Mountain and turn it into a moonscape where no living , breathing thing can survive . I believe a higher and better use for this mountain is the Coal River Wind Project . On Monday , April 5 , an enormous explosion went off at the Upper Big Branch mine at Performance Coal Co. , a subsidiary of Massey Energy . Thirty-one men in our community did n't come home that day . We do n't yet know the names of all of the deceased and I dread the day when the list is read and we , at last , know our connection to those who did n't make it . I felt extremely blessed when I knew that my family members who worked at this mine were home and safe . I know many friends and neighbors will be among those we lost and I grieve for all of the families involved . On April 6 , many heartbroken and terrified families kissed their loved ones at the door and sent them off back to work underground . These very brave men enter these mines knowing their fate will probably be the same as their friends ' on April 5 or the same as my husband 's . Now , although these very proud , brave and strong men make about $ 70,000 a year , if they had a choice , many of them would never go underground again . The problem is that we live in a mono-economy and there are no choices . The coal industry has a death grip in the state of West Virginia and we have some of the best politicians money can buy . We also have some very honest , good and environmentally friendly politicians . Their numbers are small and it is considered to be political suicide to do anything in West Virginia that appears to be anti-coal . Many of our representatives have tunnel vision and refuse to advocate for job diversity in the coal fields . Coal is a finite resource , and no matter when you think , it will eventually run out -- someday we will have harvested all of the economically feasible coal . When that day comes , how will the people we love support their families ? I live at ground zero for mountaintop removal and because of the stand that I and many other people have taken to stop it , tensions run high in the coal fields . We are all being used by an outlaw industry and corrupt politicians and we are all driven by fear . The men who work in surface mining are terrified they will lose their jobs . I am terrified that my granddaughter will not have clean drinking water when she is of child-bearing age if we do n't stop this . Massey Energy 's record speaks for itself . With an enormous amount of violations and previous deaths at this mine , I will leave it to you to decide if this company puts profits before the safety of its workers or views its employees as a disposable commodity . We are coping with this enormous tragedy , and sometimes tragedy brings communities together . I can only hope that something good will come out of all of this bad . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Lorelei Scarbro .	Lorelei Scarbro comes from a long line of coal miners ; husband died of black lung She says Montcoal is grieving and terrified , but brave men still went to work after tragedy Scarbro fights for the rights of miners and tries to to stop mountaintop coal removal Scarbro : Massey Energy had violations and previous deaths
CNN  -- Years ago , experts told the world that the Internet would radically change our cities . A lot of us are still waiting . How cool , they said . Cities will be able to use the language of data to virtually talk to us , sharing information so communities can become superefficient , saving untold billions of dollars . Traffic management would untangle our commutes . Carbon emissions would plummet . Life , they said , would get a little easier . Well , some of this stuff is actually happening in places around the world . But in many other cities , businesses and governments have been ... moving ... kind of ... slow . So . What 's the hold up ? Where 's my talking city ? Apparently all those predictions a few years ago resulted in a dubious backlash , says Constantine Kontokosta , department director at New York 's Center for Urban Science and Progress . Experts "  made a lot of promises about what this technology , just for technology 's sake , could do . " Now , Kontokosta says the emphasis is on using smart city technology to help people make better decisions for themselves . During the past few years , a handful of so-called smart cities have been built from the ground up , in places such as the United Arab Emirates , South Korea and Japan . You 've got to wonder what they 'll teach us about how to bring smarter technology to the places we live , play and work . How might that technology grow in the United States ? What should American city dwellers expect in the next five years ? Let 's take a look at the smart coastal city of Songdo , near Incheon , South Korea . Price tag : roughly $ 35 billion . Although it 's not due to be completed until 2017 , tens of thousands of people live there already , according to developers . Eventually the city plans to be home to 65,000 residents and a workplace for 300,000 commuters . Sensors distributed throughout buildings and roads monitor and regulate energy consumption and traffic flow . Sensors also tell commuters when their bus is coming . Inside homes , a trash disposal system sucks household garbage from kitchens through long tunnels to waste processing centers . Near Porto , Portugal , construction of a smart city called PlanIT Valley has been delayed by the nation 's economic troubles in 2011 . Developers reportedly are about to begin building the first phase , which would house about 7,000 . PlanIT Valley has what planners call an "  operating system , " which includes millions of sensors that send data in real time to a central computer that uses the information to keep the city working at peak environmental efficiency . Theoretically , buildings would be able to sense if they 're on fire , alert firefighters and coordinate traffic flow to help first responders arrive a the scene as soon as possible . In the United Arab Emirates , the solar powered desert berg of Masdar City reportedly is about to break ground on its first neighborhood of 500 smart private homes . Masdar has boasted environmentally sustainable educational and business districts for several years , and planners promise its homes will include technology that make them "  super sustainable . " Japanese developers recently opened the town of Fujisawa SST , about an hour west of Tokyo by train . This solar powered city , built by Panasonic , is shaped like a leaf and built in three layers -- one on the surface and two underground . Residents started moving there in March , numbering about 30 families so far . The city manages its energy needs in real time by coordinating data from sensors linked to home appliances . By the time it 's completed in 2018 , Fujisawa SST is expected to include 1,000 households . It aims to provide a global showcase on how to generate renewable energy while reducing carbon dioxide emissions and cutting water use . "  It 's important to remember that Fujisawa SST is not an experiment , but a project to create a smart sustainable town that continues to grow and develop , with the residents at the core , " says Panasonic spokesman James Bell . The project website announces : "  We now release our Fujisawa model to the world ! " Confidence is high , but so are the stakes . These smart cities have a lot to prove . For one , they 've got to show that their models can solve energy and efficiency problems comprehensively in places where people live and work . They also have to demonstrate their successes are not isolated examples . In other words , their solutions have to be replicable in other locations . "  The technology is the easy part , quite frankly , " says infrastructure expert Robert Puentes of the Washington think tank , the Brookings Institution . "  We know that these things work . It 's how you get it done in existing complex environments that 's going to be the hard part . " Infrastructure has gotten smarter in existing cities across Western Asia , China and Africa . In Europe , it 's especially evident in Barcelona , Spain ; Copenhagen , Denmark ; Vienna , Austria ; Manchester , England ; and Paris . In the United States , experts say smart cities built from scratch will be unlikely . Retrofitting smart tech into existing city infrastructure has been going on for a while now . The built-from-scratch cities might have lessons to offer . "  Masdar is developing water conservation solutions with lessons to be learned in places like Las Vegas and Phoenix , cities which are still growing here in the United States , " Puentes says . Innovation districts Experts point to U.S. cities leading the way , such as Chicago , New York , San Francisco , Philadelphia , Boston and Seattle . Some communities have established special innovation districts that are outfitted with smart technology and a lot of broadband Internet . The idea is to attract businesses that want smart tech efficiency to move to those districts . From those seeds , planners hope a smart tech wave will spread citywide . Now under construction on Manhattan 's West Side : Hudson Yards , an ambitious 28-acre neighborhood of skyscrapers filled with offices , retail and residential space . By the time it 's completed in 2018 , Hudson Yards is expected to be highly wired up . How 's the air quality ? They 'll track it . Energy use ? Check . Movement of garbage and recyclables ? They plan data for that . There will be data tracking movement of people on the property . If tenants want to , they can use the building 's smartphone app to track their personal health stats . "  We have a lot of experiments going on around the U.S. right now , " says Puentes . "  It 's getting those routinized that 's going to be a big challenge . That will be a big problem throughout the United States . There 's really nobody that 's doing it all completely perfect . " The key is looking at the data as a whole , so community leaders can use it to see the big picture and make changes that will yield big benefits like reducing carbon emissions or saving money . But progress has been slow . Experts blame the most recent recession , fear of risk and bureaucratic inertia . Also , differing business cultures add another layer to the challenge . "  In many cases the real estate industry is one that 's very slow to change , " says Kontokosta . "  This is a rather dramatic paradigm shift for how the real estate industry and how planners will conduct their business . So I think it 's going to take a little bit of time , but we 're starting to see momentum building . " Shake it up One suggestion , say experts : shake up the bureaucracy . "  Historically cities have operated in silos along different agencies , " says Kontokosta . "  But as we 're getting into this ability to measure and monitor all kinds of data , cities really need to have much tighter cohesion -- much more coordination -- across different branches . " "  We 've got to reform government in many ways and formalize collaboration between different city agencies , " says Puentes . Problem-solving mayors are appointing business-savvy data chiefs who coordinate several departments . They 're armed with mandates to make things happen . And it 's not just about sensors inside buildings and bridges . In Louisville , Kentucky , smart sensors embedded in asthma inhalers were used in a medical study that pinpointed locations of asthma attack clusters and then investigated whether the locations contributed to the attacks . "  Where I see the best use of all of this smart technology is ways to improve quality of life , " Kontokosta says . "  Including understanding the connection between poverty and health and the built environment . " Within the next five years , the U.S. can expect to see more smart tech linked to transportation . Why ? Government officials with tight budgets will want to increase efficiency . "  Once states realize there 's not a lot of money coming for new construction , they 're going to have to figure out new ways to solve problems like traffic congestion , " Puentes says . Right now , the biggest challenge surrounding the installation of large-scale smart tech is cost . The solution , Puentes says , includes finding the right mix of public and private networks that can finance retrofitting the nation 's big cities . "  If we can get those business models done right , " he says , "  then there 's no stopping this . " What smart city tech are you seeing in your community ? Let us know about it in the comments section below .	Unfulfilled promises of superwired smart cities spark a dubious backlash Expert : Stifling U.S. bureaucracy and fear of risk stand in the way Some U.S. cities are embedding data sensors in energy grids , buildings , traffic hubs Smart tech could save billions of dollars and reduce energy use , traffic jams , carbon pollution
CONYERS , Georgia  CNN  -- "  Your daughter is a walking time bomb . " We have been told this more times than I like to remember . We have lived every day not knowing if the next breath she takes will be her last . After 22 years in the dark , Mandy Young is grateful to finally have a name for her condition . Her illnesses come so quickly . It 's a daily battle of fear , worry , misery , faith and hope . She has been in the hospital more than 100 times . She has suffered one life-threatening infection after another . We share her story , our story , in hopes of helping others . We make sure that Mandy knows this is not just her illness . It 's our families ' life , our journey . She is not in this alone . It 's extremely hard living a life so mysterious that doctors and scientists named her rare disease after her . It 's our story about "  Mandy 's Disease . " Mandy was a healthy , nine pound , green-eyed beauty -- until the day she was diagnosed with Spinal Meningitis . Hours and days crept by , waiting every four hours for our ICU visit , 10 minutes of torture . "  Your daughter is very sick . Her mind is surely in a vegetated state from the seizures she continues to have . The stroke that she suffered has caused the left side of her body to be paralyzed , " the doctors said . See photos of Mandy throughout her ordeal " "  She is in a coma and we see no way she will wake up . We really do n't think she will live through the night . It 's time to tell her goodbye , " they continued . Mind spinning , stomach churning , feeling like I 've had the breath knocked out of me , I whispered , "  NO . " "  No . We wo n't tell her goodbye . And you ca n't either . She has to fight . She has to know that we want her to fight . " At 13 months , her left eye turned red . Allergies , Pink Eye , minor infection ? All easily treated , and cured . By day five , after six trips to doctors and emergency rooms , when her eye was swollen beyond seeing and looked like a piece of raw meat , we were finally able to beg her doctor for more aggressive testing . Surgery , biopsies and a diagnosis . Nisseria Meningitides . Her eye would be replaced with a glass eye . But only if she lived . Watch Mandy talk about her illness on Vital Signs " At 21 months . Spinal Meningitis again . The same promises of certain death . ICU . Seizures . A 106 degree temperature raged . "  There is no way that she has the strength to fight off another infection of this magnitude . It 's time to let go . We 're losing her by the minute . " After the first bout of meningitis we were told , "  No one gets it twice . Live your life and enjoy your child ! " Then , bout two . Although not the same type of meningitis , it was the same family . It 's rare to have it twice . But impossible to have it three times . But time three did come . "  You have to find out why this keeps happening . She ca n't go through this again . What can you do ? " we pleaded with the doctors . They told us it could possibly be immune deficiency . This was the first time we heard this term . Mandy was discharged and our journey for a reason began . Our lives were changed forever . Twice a week for the next two years , we handed her over for blood to be drawn . She went into isolation . Daily preventative antibiotics . But nothing stopped the madness of these infections . One fever blister on her lip turned into hundreds during a nap . She was hospitalized on oxygen as the blisters took over her lungs . Double Pneumonia . Scarlet Fever . Ear infection after ear infection . Surgically implanted tubes in her ears , infection , tubes out , surgery , tubes in . 11 times . An abscess the size of a cantaloupe in her abdomen . The grueling , sometimes gruesome , immune studies continued . The only clue continued to be her low white blood count . Everything else , normal . The turmoil in my heart was insane . Years passed . Mandy 's illnesses continued . Immune studies continued . Still we had no answers . We traveled the country begging for someone to study her . "  Her body is further advanced than medicine . The test has n't been invented yet to define her deficiency . " This was the standard answer . But , someone had to have a new test that could give us our answers . And then the time bomb that we had only been warned about exploded . Gas Gangrene and Clostridia Septicemia . A combination not seen since WWII . "  She 's fighting to stay alive . Five percent chance to live , " the doctors said . ICU . And then , in an attempt to save her life , they began to amputate her leg . Before they stopped the spreading , her leg and hip were gone . As she lay in a coma , we prayed for help . Our search for a research specialist intensified . That 's when we found Dr. John Gallin at the National Institutes of Health  NIH  in Bethesda , Maryland . Mandy is 27 now . Her immune studies began when she was two in 1983 . And in May 2003 , we received an email that said , "  At long last we have discovered the basis of Amanda 's problem . " Mandy has a genetic defect , called IRAK-4 . Her body does n't recognize infection and does n't produce the cells needed to fight it off . She is still studied at the NIH in hopes of finding a treatment or cure for her disease . And although finding a cure for her would be the ultimate gift , knowing that we have a name for her illness is the prize . We searched for a name for twenty years for Mandy disease . We spent weeks and months with her , in hospital after hospital , praying for her to live through her sickness . And to know that we have Dr. Gallin and his team in the background working on her behalf is incredible ! Dr. Gallin did what he said he would do and stayed with Mandy until her diagnosis was made . Now the journey continues as we search for a treatment or cure . But in the meantime , Mandy is beginning a career in motivational speaking . Of her doctors at the National Institutes of Health she says : "  They are like my family too , and I get excited about seeing them . NIH , or ` the House of Hope , ' is just that . "  A place for families to find hope , just like we did . "	For 22 years , Mandy suffered from a mystery illness , leaving doctors speechless Mandy 's mother recalls how doctors predicted Mandy 's death countless times In 2003 , Mandy and her family got what they had longed for : a name for her disease
Apple will begin manufacturing a computer in the United States next year , says CEO Tim Cook , marking a shift in perhaps the most-criticized element of the company 's beloved gadget empire . "  We 've been working for years on doing more and more in the United States , " Cook said in an interview with Brian Williams on NBC 's "  Rock Center , " scheduled to air Thursday night . "  Next year , we will do one of our existing Mac lines in the United States . " Cook did not say which computer he was talking about , but some models of the new iMac have been arriving stamped "  Assembled in the U.S.A , " prompting speculation that it may be the company 's flagship desktop . An Apple spokesman told CNN that Apple will be investing $ 100 million in the move . He downplayed the iMac speculation , though , saying Apple has always done some assembly of its computers in the United States and calling the stamps on some 21-inch iMacs "  coincidental as part of this story . " Cook shelled out additional details in an interview with Businessweek . He said Apple would not necessarily be the manufacturer of these computer components , "  but we 'll be working with people , and we 'll be investing our money . " In recent years Apple has come under sometimes withering criticism for its supply chain in China , both for shipping U.S. jobs overseas and for the working conditions at plants run by the companies Apple contracts with there . Former Apple CEO Steve Jobs , who died last year , avoided addressing the supply chain issue in public . But Cook has taken a different tack . He visited China in March to tour a factory owned by Foxconn , which makes electronics for Apple and other companies . And he allowed the Fair Labor Association to do a thorough audit of conditions at the Chinese factories , vowing to improve pay and hours . Cook told NBC that Apple is n't concerned about the higher cost of manufacturing in the United States creating pressure to raise prices . Apple assembled many of its products in the United States until the late 1990s , when it exported that work to Asia where labor costs are lower . "  It 's not so much about price , it 's about the skills , etc. , " he told NBC 's Williams . "  Over time , there are skills that are associated with manufacturing that have left the United States . Not necessarily people , but the education system has just stopped producing that . It 's a concerted effort to get them back . " Cook acknowledged to Businessweek that the move is influenced , at least in part , by a desire to bolster a U.S. unemployment rate that , while slowly rebounding , still hovers around 8 % . "  I do n't think we have a responsibility to create a certain kind of job , " Cook said . "  But I think we do have a responsibility to create jobs . " In both interviews , Cook emphasized American jobs Apple has already helped create -- from the companies that make components of its popular iPhone to the developers who have built businesses creating apps for Apple mobile devices . "  The engine in here is made in America , " Cook said , holding up an iPhone . "  And not only are the engines in here made in America , but engines are made in America and exported . The glass on this phone is made in Kentucky . So , we 've been working for years on doing more and more in the United States . " As large as it may sound , a $ 100 million investment remains a relatively small chunk of Apple 's estimated $ 120 billion cash on hand . It follows other limited steps by electronics companies . Apple 's not the first major tech player to shift a portion of its manufacturing to the states . Lenovo , the world 's second-largest PC maker , announced in October that it 's starting a production line in North Carolina , creating 115 new jobs making laptops , desktops , tablets and other products . It 's scheduled to open early next year . And earlier this year , Google began making its Nexus Q media streamer at a Texas plant -- although that ill-fated device has had a rocky run . Five months after it was unveiled , the Q 's page in the Google Play store says it is "  not for sale at this time . " Late last year , an analysis by the Boston Consulting Group predicted that 2015 will be a "  tipping point " when many tech industries will begin manufacturing in the United States . "  A surprising amount of work that rushed to China over the past decade could soon start to come back -- and the economic impact could be significant , " said Harold L. Sirkin , a senior partner and lead author of the analysis . "  We 're on record predicting a U.S. manufacturing renaissance starting by around 2015 . "	Apple CEO Tim Cook : Apple will start making a computer in the United States The move next year will cost $ 100 million , Apple spokesman says Apple has been criticized for working conditions at its factories in China Cook made comments to NBC News ' Brian Williams
Moscow  CNN  -- Russian President Vladimir Putin has ordered 17,600 troops near the Ukrainian border to return to their bases , state-run media reported . The reason ? The Russian troops ' training exercises in the southern Rostov region have ended , according to the RIA Novosti news agency . But many did not believe such exercises were taking place . The troop buildup near the Ukrainian border has been widely interpreted as a threat to invade eastern Ukraine . If the troops do indeed leave the border area , the withdrawal could mark a removal of that threat . So far , NATO has not confirmed whether the troops have actually began to withdraw . Tensions in the region have flared since April , when separatist leaders in Ukraine declared independence from Kiev and violence broke out in two Ukrainian regions that border Russia . The conflict between the pro-Russian rebels and the Ukrainian military has cost more than 2,500 lives , according to the United Nations . War : What is it good for ? Russia 's announcement of the troop pullback comes as Putin and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko prepare to meet in Milan on sidelines of the Asia-Europe Meeting later this month . In another sign that tensions have cooled somewhat , Ukrainian emergency services will be granted passage Monday to the site in rebel-controlled eastern Ukraine where Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crashed in July . After negotiations led by the Organization for the Security and Co-operation in Europe , Ukrainian teams will be allowed to gather belongings of crash victims at the site and from locals in the area , Dutch Security and Justice Ministry Spokesman Jean Fransman told CNN . Ukraine and Russia have been under a shaky cease-fire since last month , when government officials from the two countries as well as rebel leaders from eastern Ukraine hashed out a deal in Belarus . Yet the bloodshed continued . Ten civilians were killed when a school in the city of Donetsk was shelled , according to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe . And one day later , Swiss Red Cross worker Laurent DuPasquier was killed when a shell landed near an International Committee of the Red Cross building in Donetsk . Matthew Chance reported from Moscow ; Holly Yan wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Ukrainian teams will be granted access to MH17 crash site , Dutch official says Russia says the troops were stationed near the border for training exercises But the troop presence has been viewed as a threat to invade Ukraine It 's not clear whether the withdrawal has actually taken place
CNN  -- A Virginia man who allegedly threatened during a Facebook chat to detonate explosives in the Washington area was arrested last week and is undergoing a mental evaluation , according to federal court documents that came to light Tuesday . Awais Younis , also identified as Sundullah Ghilzai , told an FBI complainant through Facebook how to build a pipe bomb "  and what type of shrapnel would cause the greatest amount of damage , " according to an affidavit from an FBI special agent . The threatened targets included the Washington Metro transit system . Younis , who is being held at the Alexandria , Virginia , Detention Center , was arrested December 6 on charges of communicating threats using interstate communications , according to prosecutors . Younis has not been charged with any federal terrorism violation . A law enforcement source says a handgun was found at his residence but no other weapons or explosives . The threat is judged to be "  minimal , " according to the source . The suspect had a probable cause and detention hearing on December 9 , said Peter Carr , spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Eastern District of Virginia . A judge ordered a mental evaluation . The next hearing is scheduled for December 21 , Carr said Tuesday . "  The public should be reassured that -LSB- Younis ' -RSB- activities prior to his arrest were carefully monitored and that there is no threat against Metrorail or the general public in the Washington , D.C. , area , " Carr said in a statement . A call to Younis ' attorney was not immediately returned , and a knock at his residence Tuesday was not answered . Court records say Younis was born in Afghanistan in 1985 , making him 25 or 26 years old . The alleged threat came to light in late November when , court documents say , a person contacted the FBI 's New Orleans field office to say that Younis had described during a Facebook chat how he could build a pipe bomb and detonate it under a sewer in Georgetown , a neighborhood in Washington . Younis stated that a rush-hour explosion would produce the greatest number of casualties and that the "  third and fifth cars in the Metro trains had the highest number of commuters on them , " the court document reads . Younis further said "  he could place pipe bombs in these locations and would not be noticed , " the documents read . When Younis ' Facebook acquaintance told him , "  You would n't do that , " Younis allegedly replied , "  Watch me , " the document says . Investigators said Younis ' Facebook page , using the name Ghilzai , contained a photo of Younis in Afghanistan holding an AK-47 rifle , with his uncle standing in front of a tent containing explosives . A caption read , "  My family business , " the affidavit says . A separate photo posted December 1 depicts a hand holding rifle rounds for a machine gun with the caption "  bullet behind every rock . " Younis ' online acquaintance said Younis recently stated on Facebook that "  Christmas trees were going to go boom , " according to the affidavit . The Younis case is the second this year involving alleged threats to Washington 's Metro system . In October , authorities charged Farooque Ahmed , 34 , a naturalized citizen and a native of Pakistan , with attempting to provide material support to a designated terrorist organization after he allegedly assisted in planning an attack on Metro stations in the vicinity of the Pentagon . Ahmed has pleaded not guilty to that charge . The FBI said Ahmed had conducted surveillance for undercover agents whom he believed to be al Qaeda co-conspirators . According to the documents , authorities found three weapons at Ahmed 's home at the time of his arrest : a Smith & Wesson pistol , a 12-gauge double-barrel shotgun and a Remington rifle , along with ammunition . Also discovered was a biography of American-born Yemeni cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , who is believed to be a senior leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve , Pam Benson and Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this report .	The suspect is undergoing a mental evaluation The Virginia is man accused of making threats to Washington 's Metro system Officials say he described what he could do through Facebook Awais Younis was arrested December 6
CNN  Carrots have long been credited with helping you see in the dark -- now one rider believes they can help win Olympic gold . Italian Luca Moneta is one of the world 's leading show jumpers but has been labeled by his peers "  The Carrot Man " for his novel approach to training horses . Last year he won the "  Puissance " event at the prestigious Olympia Horse Show feeding his horse Quova de Vains a carrot after every successful jump . And this year , he will return to the London event , which gets under way on December 16 , in a bid to defend his title with the same methods he 's honed in recent years . Of his alternative approach , Moneta admits the reaction was mixed : "  When you want to change something and you 're too far from what they 're doing you make people scared . "  And they were like ` this is silly , stupid , crazy . He does n't know what he 's doing . It does n't work ' . People were complaining . I think 99 % of people were ` oh , oh , this is not good . ' " So what exactly is the 46-year-old 's approach to the animals he rides ? It is based on Parelli Natural Horsemanship , a program designed by American horseman Pat Parelli that used natural equine behaviors to communicate with and , hence , train horses . This , in itself , is based on ethology , the scientific and objective study of animal behavior . For Moneta , the first sighting of this more novel approach to riding and training horses came from watching an unnamed British rider on a clip jumping a barrel without a bridle . The Italian himself has likened his own program to teaching humans a new language . And rather than treating the horse as a beast , he treats them as equals and gets them to take the lead . "  If you make me cook spaghetti for you with a gun , " he says by way of an analogy , "  you put a gun here and say ` if you do n't cook spaghetti for me , I will kill you . ' "  For sure you will have spaghetti but the quality is different than when I become your best friend and say ' I really want to cook spaghetti for you because this is my favorite dinner and we will enjoy spaghetti with a good bottle of red wine . ' This is the difference . " He appreciates his attitude seems little short of insanity on the surface but his on-going results speak for themselves . Moneta fully accepts he was ridiculed for a time but , as his success continues , he expects others to follow suit . "  When they -LSB- the horses -RSB- choose to do the right thing , I will use a lot of positive enforce  sic  . They were calling me the carrot man , it 's not because I have a sponsor that sells carrots but because the horses love it . "  I think it 's time -LSB- for this approach -RSB- because it 's like with kids . You remember 40 or 50 years ago they gave you a cane on the hands when you did something wrong . "  When I started with horses , people were just hard with them . ` This is the animal , it must listen , I must be the leader , it must follow what I say , the big man that dominates the horse ' . Now it 's totally different . " Olympic spirit He modestly downplays himself as a less capable horseman than many of his peers , instead crediting his results in the saddle to his approach in training . Despite his humble attitude , is an Olympic gold at Rio 2016 attainable ? "  Why not ? " he says . "  There 's always one that wins . It 's not so difficult , you just need to beat all the others . I am a dreamer , always in my life , and I never quit dreaming . " On a personal level , this horse whisperer of sorts has recaptured his love for all things equine with his techniques when previously it had been on the wane . For him , it is simple horse play with or without the results in competition .	Luca Moneta is known as "  The Carrot Man " The Italian show jumper one of the best in the world & targeting gold at Rio 2016 The 46-year-old uses carrots to inspire his horse and treats it as an equal Moneta subscribes to Parelli program of horsemanship
CNN  -- More than 200 indigenous people who refused to vacate their land in eastern Paraguay were sprayed late last week with what some believe was pesticide , sending seven to the hospital , a government cabinet member said this week . The 217 members of the Ava Guarani community in the Itakyry district suffered vomiting , diarrhea , headaches and nausea , said Esperanza Martinez , Paraguay 's minister of health . Although one person was in serious condition , she said Monday , the rest are improving . "  For us , it 's very clear that this is an acute community-wide intoxication caused in a premeditated manner by an unknown substance , " Martinez said on her ministry 's Web site . "  But it is very clear because all of the similar symptoms occurred after this incident . " The Amnesty International human rights organization said Tuesday it "  condemned the use of apparently toxic pesticides to intimidate an indigenous community after they resisted being forcibly evicted from their ancestral lands . " The tension in Paraguay is identical to that found in other parts of Latin America , where the rights of indigenous communities collide with the business interests upon which nations ' economies depend . The traditional ancestral homes of indigenous communities are sought for use by mining , oil , logging , agricultural and ranching businesses . Some in Paraguay say that legal protections often are not enough . "  A new constitution recognizes indigenous rights , but political reality is proving to be quite different from the constitutional ideal ; the problems facing Paraguay 's indigenous people are not likely to go away anytime soon , " the University of Maryland 's Center for International Development and Conflict Management said in a 2006 study . "  The economics and politics of Paraguay make sustained improvement unlikely . " Government critics say not much has changed in three years . "  Indigenous peoples ' lives are being put in jeopardy by those who should protect them , " said Louise Finer , Paraguay researcher at Amnesty International . "  The risk faced by the Itakyry communities was predictable . Insufficient action was taken to protect them from the threats they faced from this renewed attempt to evict them from their ancestral lands . " The latest incident occurred Friday near the border with Brazil , when more than 200 Ava Guarani community members refused to leave land local soy growers say belongs to them . An eviction order against the indigenous people was supposed to be carried out Friday , but a district prosecutor canceled the mandate right before it was to be executed . "  And , according to what the indigenous said , that apparently angered the soy growers , who went there to try to remove them , " Paraguayan Health Minister Martinez said . "  They went in trucks to try to forcefully remove them . " Amnesty International said the Ava Guarani fought back against the 50 men who tried to evict them . "  The indigenous peoples resisted using bows and arrows , " the rights group said in a release Tuesday . Police were present , which limited the fight , Martinez said . "  Afterward , " she said , "  came a low-level flight by airplanes where the people were working in their fields , in their community orchards , with the spraying of a liquid over the people who were there , who later presented with massive symptoms . " Officials are investigating who may have been responsible , she said . Amnesty International urged Paraguayan officials to step up their efforts to protect the indigenous communities . "  The Paraguayan authorities -- the executive , congress and the judiciary -- must work together to address the immediate needs of the communities after this attack , but also to ensure that it does not happen again . " Finer said . The native populations have been losing ground since the 1700s . "  As agriculture and grazing came to occupy larger and larger tracts of land , the traditional subsistence foraging and hunting of most of the groups could not support their numbers , and they were forced to take extremely low-wage jobs , " the University of Maryland 's conflict and development group says . "  Indigenous peoples throughout Paraguay are among the very poorest of society . " Indigenous communities also were legally disenfranchised , the study said . "  Until the 1960s , only one law addressed the future of indigenous groups in Paraguay , and well into the 1970s it was not a crime to kill ` Indians , ' " the university study said . Some recent government efforts to help indigenous communities have been tied up in courts . "  In 1996 and 1997 the Paraguayan Indigenous Institute , the state body that advises on protecting indigenous peoples ' rights and processing land claims , acquired 2,638 hectares  6,518 acres  of the indigenous communities ' ancestral land on their behalf , " Amnesty International said in a recent release . "  However , landowners have taken legal action against the five communities . " More recently , the Inter-American Court of Human Rights ordered Paraguay in 2005 and 2006 to return ancestral lands to two indigenous communities . It was not clear Tuesday whether that order had been carried out . The University of Maryland study points out that the indigenous population of Paraguay consists of 17 ethnic communities divided into five linguistic groups : the Mascoi , Mataco , Zamuco , Guarani and the Guaykuru . These communities live on either side of the Paraguayan River , in the sparsely populated Chaco region to the west , and along the Brazilian border to the east . Less than half of the indigenous population remaining in Paraguay lives in the Chaco ; fewer groups , related to the Guarani , remain in the east . About 95 percent of Paraguayans are mestizo , of mixed Spanish and Amerindian ancestry , the CIA World Factbook says . The official language of Paraguay is Spanish . However , the university report said , the majority of Paraguay 's 7 million residents speak Guarani better than they speak Spanish . Spanish is used mainly in public speech , while Guarani is used in everyday speech . The 1992 constitution stipulated that all government documents be published in Spanish and Guarani . But despite the general population 's fluency with Guarani , the study said , Paraguayans do not consider themselves of Indian descent and their culture is thoroughly Hispanicized .	Seven indigenous Paraguayans hospitalized after land dispute 200 in Ava Guarani refuse to leave land soy growers say belongs to them After dispute , planes flew over fields and sprayed villagers , official says
CNN  Vigilante motorists in New Zealand have taken to snatching the car keys of foreign drivers amid rising concern over dangerous driving by tourists . New Zealand media have reported five cases this year of locals forcibly taking the keys of foreign motorists after witnessing driving that concerned them . All the incidents -- which have been condemned by authorities -- took place in the South Island , which draws tourists from around the world for its rugged scenery , including lakes and mountains featured in director Peter Jackson 's "  Lord of the Rings " films . The incidents occurred amid heightened public concern over tourist driving standards , with eight people killed in crashes involving foreign drivers in the space of a fortnight last month . Among the dead were a family of four from Hong Kong who were killed when their car crossed the center line and collided with a logging truck . The key snatchings have even prompted Prime Minister John Key to weigh in on the issue , advising that "  people taking the law into their own hands is not sensible . " New Zealand Police Assistant Commissioner of Road Policing Dave Cliff said the confiscations existed in a legal gray area , as there was no explicit statute dealing with the issue . Although there might be exceptional circumstances where taking someone 's keys could be legally justified , such as preventing drunken driving , he said , "  in the vast majority of cases , it wo n't be . " "  That extends to physically assaulting or abusing someone in response to their driving , which is simply not acceptable , and anyone found doing so should expect to face the consequences , " he said . Diesel mechanic Robert Penman of Dunedin made headlines last month after he took the keys of a Chinese couple who had stopped their car on a narrow single-lane road to take pictures , causing a backlog of vehicles behind them . "  I was coming into town with my wife and son and came around the corner , and there was a car stopped in the middle of the road , " he told CNN affiliate TVNZ . He called police and took their keys as "  a safety thing , you know , timeframe for police to get there , " he said . The New Zealand Transport Agency later revealed that Penman was driving on an expired license himself . Penman told local media it was not the first time he had taken a tourist 's car keys . Only 6 % of crashes in New Zealand involve foreign drivers , according to the latest figures provided by the Ministry of Transport . But in some remote regions of the South Island particularly popular with tourists for their scenery -- such as the Mackenzie , Southland , Queenstown-Lakes and Kaikoura districts -- foreign drivers are involved in about a quarter of all crashes . In Westland District , on the South Island 's rugged West Coast , foreign drivers are involved in 37 % of road crashes resulting in death or injury . Tony Kokshoorn , mayor of the neighboring Grey District , said tourist driving behavior was a major problem in the region and attributed the issue to tourists from countries that drive on the right . New Zealanders drive on the left . "  There 's a huge number of tourists coming through to these destinations because of the scenery , but the scenery is a problem , " he said . "  There 's so many beautiful sights to see that they 're not concentrating on their driving . Once they lose their concentration , they tend to fall into old habits and drive on the right . Even for 20 seconds , it can cause damage . " A Ministry of Transport spokesperson said that while this was a factor , figures showed that Australian and British drivers were involved in the most crashes overall , "  so unfamiliarity with which side of the road to drive on is not the only factor . " Kokshoorn said that he had seen three cases of tourists driving on the wrong side of the road recently but that the vigilante approach -- which had seen a visitor to his town punched in the face as he was stripped of his keys last month -- was "  disgraceful . " He said the best approach was better education on local driving conditions for foreign drivers , particularly at the rental companies where they picked up their vehicles . Anyone with a foreign drivers license or permit is able to drive in New Zealand for up to a year . Associate Transport Minister Craig Foss said the government recognized that "  many people are concerned with poor driving behavior on challenging roads in and around popular tourist destinations " and had established a project in response . The measures include improvements to roading , such as "  keep left " signage and no-passing markings on the extensive stretches of single-lane highway , and educational resources targeted at visiting drivers , including many targeting the growing Chinese market . Kokshoorn said it was important to "  strike the right balance " in getting the message to foreign drivers to take care on the unfamiliar roads . "  We value tourism and the dollars it brings to New Zealand , especially to our region here . We do n't want to put tourists off , but we want them to be safe in our country , " he said . "  You cross that center line , and anything 's possible . " CNN 's David Molko contributed to this report .	Five tourists have had their car keys snatched by vigilantes this year The confiscations have taken place amid rising concern over tourist driving behavior In popular Westland , 37 % of serious crashes have involved foreign drivers
CNN  -- The news of Vaclav Havel 's death Sunday morning caught me by surprise , but it was hardly surprising . When I last talked to the Czech playwright , politician and statesman was in March , at a party to celebrate the Prague premiere of a movie he 'd directed of his final play , "  Leaving . " He was already very frail . Ever since 1996 , when he lost half a lung to cancer after a lifetime of heavy smoking , he had seemed to be living on borrowed time . He 'd been in the hospital several times since then , and had one or two near-death experiences , but he always managed to bounce back , and I was n't alone in thinking he might be practically invincible . In March , I was on my way to Egypt to take a closer look at the Arab Awakening , and I wanted Havel 's permission to try to find someone in Cairo to translate his most influential essay -- 1978 's "  The Power of the Powerless , " about non-violent opposition to tyranny -- into Arabic . That essay had inspired the creation of the anti-Communist Solidarity trade union in Poland , and continues to give strength to dissidents in Cuba , China , and Burma who are longing for peaceful change . I thought some Arab readers might find it useful as well . Before the premiere , Havel had been in the hospital yet again , but here he was now , sitting on a couch , a plaid scarf around his neck , sipping a glass of wine and working his way through what seemed like an endless line of people wanting to wish him well . He seemed small , a shadow of the man who , in his prime , could talk to kings and presidents and rock stars and command a world stage . When my turn came , I sat down beside him , congratulated him on the movie -- his first  and now only  foray into that medium -- and then put the question to him . His voice was so low I had to lean in close to hear him . He gave me his blessing , and then said , "  But do you think the Arabs are ready for democracy ? " His question caught me off guard , but I finally managed a reply : "  I have no idea , but Vasek , were you guys ready for democracy back in 1989 ? " He smiled , and said , "  I see your point . " The most amazing thing about those 1989 revolutions was not just how quickly they unfolded , but how much sheer improvisation went on . Havel led an ad-hoc group called the Civic Forum that , within ten short days , managed to negotiate the Communist party out of power . They had no real idea what they were doing , and there were no guarantees about the outcome . On the other hand , you could argue that Havel 's entire life -- and the life of his peers -- had been one long preparation for that moment . Havel , who died peacefully Sunday morning in his country home in north-east Bohemia , leaves behind so many legacies it 's hard to know where to begin . In the 1950s , he was an experimental poet ; in the 1960s , a master essayist , radical playwright and feisty magazine editor ; in the 1970s , an underground publisher , human rights activist , and ultimately a prisoner . And -- perhaps holding it all together -- he was a bon-viveur who loved wine and company and could bring people together in an atmosphere of camaraderie and good cheer . He brought all these qualities into the Prague Castle as president , first of Czechoslovakia and then , after the country broke up in 1993 , of the Czech Republic . He also remained , paradoxically , a very shy and gentle man with a will of steel , who was fearless when confronting a regime that tried , relentlessly , to crush his spirit , and who , to the very end of his tenure in office , suffered from stage-fright each time he had to entertain a head of state , or speak in public . Above all , he was an intellectual who believed that words were not enough . A favorite saying of his was , "  Having posited A , I must therefore posit B. " By that he meant that if you have ideas about how to change the status quo , you have an obligation to muck in and help bring that change about . One of the most important turning points in his long career came back in the mid-1970s when he joined forces with Ivan Jirous , the leading figure in a musical underground that challenged the regime 's cultural totalitarianism at its very core . When the Plastic People of the Universe , the rock band Jirous was managing  and for whom I played for a while  were arrested in 1976 , Havel and his companions sprang to their defense . I believe it was at this point that Havel became a true "  dissident , " as the late Christopher Hitchens defined the term : someone who is willing to put his own comfort and safety at serious risk for the sake of his ideas . Havel 's defense of the musical underground morphed into the human rights movement called Charter 77 , and a related organization , The Committee to Defend the Unjustly Prosecuted . The regime shucked its kid gloves , and Havel spent over four years in prison , and suffered many more years of intrusive police surveillance . He was not alone , of course , but his example made it easier for others to follow . His treatment by the regime permanently undermined his health , but his resistance also provided inspiration for a new generation of dissenters that came to fore in 1989 . During the Velvet Revolution , on December 7 , 1989 , in the fabled Magic Lantern Theatre where Havel and the Civic Forum had their headquarters , he was asked by a journalist what political lessons he had learned in his years as a dissident . "  I 'd have to think about it , " Havel replied , "  but there 's one lesson I could mention right now . When you try to act in accordance with your conscience , when you try to speak the truth , when you try to behave like a citizen , even in conditions where citizenship is degraded , it wo n't necessarily lead anywhere , but it might . There 's one thing , however , that will never lead anywhere , and that is speculating that your behavior will have a specific outcome . " I did eventually find an Arabic translator for Havel 's essay , and it will be coming out in an anthology of his work to be published in Cairo sometime next year . It wo n't necessarily lead anywhere , but then again , you never know . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Wilson .	A long-time friend of Vaclav Havel 's remembers him as fearless against the regime Havel loved wine and company and could bring people together , Paul Wilson recalls He believed that if you have ideas for change , you must help bring that change about He continues to inspire activists in China , Cuba and now the Arab world
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Crew members of the boats that collided in Hong Kong 's deadliest maritime disaster in decades may face manslaughter charges , according to the director of public prosecutions , who spoke Wednesday at the preliminary hearing of the commission of inquiry . Thirty nine people , including eight children , were killed after a company-owned boat carrying Hong Kong Electric employees and their families was upended by a regular passenger ferry off Lamma , an outlying island . Revelers had been en route to Victoria Harbor to watch fireworks celebrating China 's National Day on October 1 . The Director of Public Prosecutions , Kevin Zervos , told the commission that he expects police to bring charges as early as next month against the seven crew members arrested from both boats . On Friday , the commission 's chairman denied all applications to adjourn the hearing to a later date . Information presented at the public commission of inquiry would unduly influence potential members of the jury , Zervos had argued on Wednesday , requesting the commission postpone hearing evidence related to the cause of the collision . The chairman said that a judge in a criminal trial would instruct the jury to review evidence presented in court and ignore information they had received in any other way . The chairman also rejected applications from lawyers representing the boat operators and crews to adjourn the hearing until next month . They had requested more time to review 30 boxes of government documents , compiled by rescue services , marine officials , and other departments . The commission of inquiry was appointed in October to investigate the causes of the accident , assess safety practices of passenger vessels , and make recommendations to avoid similar incidents . It will not determine civil or criminal liability . The hearing will begin on December 12 . The commission is expected to submit its report to the Chief Executive , the city 's leader , by April .	Commission of inquiry into Hong Kong 's deadliest boat crash in decades held preliminary hearing Police may charge crew from both boats with manslaughter next month Commission will not determine civil or criminal liability Commission expected to deliver report in April
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- A Russian serial murderer dubbed the "  Chessboard Killer " was given the maximum sentence of life in prison Monday and ordered to undergo psychiatric therapy for a string of at least 48 murders that terrorized Moscow for years . A Moscow jury convicted Alexander Pichushkin last week of 48 murders and three attempted murders . Pichushkin claimed he had actually committed 60 murders , though prosecutors were unable to find evidence to prove that . Pichushkin earned the nickname "  Chessboard Killer " for saying he had intended to kill one person for each of the 64 squares on a chessboard . In ordering Pichushkin to receive compulsory psychiatric therapy , the judge said the defendant has a mental disorder but is still sane and can not avoid responsibility for his crimes . Throughout his trial , Pichushkin gloated over his crimes and ridiculed the police case against him . "  I was dismayed my work had been attributed to others , " Pichushkin said . "  In one week , I killed two people . If they had n't caught me , I would have never stopped . Having caught me , they saved many lives . " Watch video report on serial killer Alexander Pichushkin For years until his arrest in June 2006 , Pichushkin kept Moscow on edge , stalking the heavily forested Bitsa Park on the city 's southern outskirts and preying on the homeless and elderly . Pichushkin claimed to have committed all but one of his murders in the park . He lured his victims with the promise of alcohol and , after getting them drunk on vodka , he beat them to death and dumped their bodies in the park . It led Russian media to give Pichushkin his other nickname , the "  Bitsa Maniac . " Over the years , Russian police recovered dozens of corpses , some with sticks and vodka bottles rammed into their skulls . But the crucial lead came in 2005 , when a woman Pichushkin worked with at a vegetable store was found dead . She had left a note at her home saying she was going for a walk with him . Pichushkin said he had been aware of the note but killed her anyway . E-mail to a friend CNN Correspondent Matthew Chance contributed to this report .	Moscow court sentences serial killer to maximum sentence of life in prison Alexander Pichushkin was found guilty of killing 48 people He was ordered to undergo psychiatric treatment at the prison
Gun debate ? What gun debate ? Americans seem to have this settled . Yes , we witnessed on our TV screens this week yet another parade of children being evacuated from their school -- this time in Oregon -- their arms held high to show they were not armed as they fled a 15-year-old shooter who police said took the life of their 14-year-old classmate . But Americans , ever more desensitized to the school/mall/navy yard attacks that come , weekly , into their lives , do n't seem to want to talk about a gun problem . Americans remain pleased for the general population -- even 15-year-old kids -- to have nearly unfettered access to all manner of firearms , including assault rifles . Even the President seems to have acquiesced . A tweet from @WhiteHouse : " ` If public opinion does not demand change in Congress , it will not change . ' -- President Obama on legislation to prevent gun violence . " What this means is that we 've accepted school shootings and other random mass shootings as a normal part of life in America , no matter how they affect the life , liberty and pursuit of happiness that was first announced in the Declaration of Independence , some 13 years before our oft-quoted Constitution and the Bill of Rights . I guess that 's not surprising : We accept collateral damage for other privileges we enjoy . We tolerate a certain number of drunk driving deaths , more than 10,000 in 2012 , and there 's little public outcry for greater restrictions . We 've been willing to sacrifice nearly 7,000 soldiers  and tens of thousands wounded  in two wars to maintain our political influence in the Middle East . About 400 children drown each year in pools and spas , but we 're not scrambling to outlaw summer fun . Why should guns be any different ? In the United States only about 10 people out of every 100,000 are killed by guns , or a little more than 30,000 per year  As a reference , we lost about 60,000 soldiers in the Vietnam War  . This is clearly an acceptable sacrifice to make to maintain our sacred , un-infringed right to bear arms , no ? After all , I 've been told by some gun-rights advocates that reasonable restrictions on gun ownership will undoubtedly send us down a slippery slope to the abolition of all guns in America . And if we did n't have unfettered access to guns , think about what would happen : We would be overrun by a foreign power ; our government would assume totalitarian control and burn the Constitution ; and criminal gangs , the only people left with guns , would run roughshod over all law-abiding citizens . If you suggest , as I have , that we should place reasonable restrictions on guns , then you are clearly a delusional or ignorant pacifist who has been dropped on his head . What part of "  shall not be infringed " do n't you understand ? they ask .  For the record , I 'm a responsible gun owner . I 'm confident that in the next few weeks there will be another school shooting . I 'm confident because there have been 74 shootings on or around schools or colleges in the year and a half since the Sandy Hook massacre . That 's averaging one a week . I 'll repeat : We have a gun problem in this country . Reasonable restrictions on guns will not lead to totalitarianism and anarchy . Suffering 30,000 gun deaths annually is not a reasonable sacrifice to make in order to blindly maintain our unrestricted gun culture , particularly when the rallying cry is an outdated reference concerning infringement which , known to anyone who has actually studied the Constitution and our founding fathers who drafted it , was a reference to the then-existing reality that young men , when called upon to defend the state and the laws of the state , were expected to provide their own arms . Listen , reasonable restrictions are necessary to assure the continued viability of our Second Amendment rights , and to curb the unnecessary bloodshed caused by the proliferation of guns into hands of irresponsible people who care little about constitutional rights , and less about the sanctity of life . Like that of a boy in Oregon , who was shot dead .	Mark O'Mara : America appears to have settled its gun debate He says inflexible owners must view school shooting as collateral of "  right " to bear arms He says we do n't further restrict drinking because of DWI . Have we made that deal on guns ? O'Mara : Face it : Restricting guns wo n't hurt Constitution , cause anarchy ; it will protect us
CNN  -- President Obama 's pledge to conquer cancer "  in our time " is a great goal , but one of America 's top cancer experts is n't sure he 'd use the word "  cure . " Despite chemotherapy , some breast cancers recur , like a "  smoldering fire that flares up , " Dr. Otis Brawley said . "  The idea of -LSB- calling for -RSB- a cure does scare me a little bit because , I do n't think that 's realistic in some cancers , " says Dr. Otis Brawley , chief medical officer for the American Cancer Society . "  But I like the general overall idea , and I 'm thrilled about the focus on health . " Obama 's first proposed budget includes $ 6 billion for cancer research by the National Institutes of Health . That 's on top of the additional $ 10 billion provided by the stimulus package for 2009 and 2010 . But some cancer specialists say that rather than finding a cure , a more realistic scenario is that certain cancers that are fatal today will move into the realm of chronic illnesses . By chronic disease , doctors mean "  the way we think of diabetes or heart disease as chronic diseases , where people could live in peaceful coexistence with cancer , as opposed to the cancer continuing to advance , " said Brawley , who also is CNNhealth.com 's conditions expert . Dr. Tony Reid , an oncologist and director of clinical trials at the Moores Cancer Center at the University of California , San Diego , shares this view . He sees the long-term management of certain cancers as chronic illness as a "  primary intermediate step " as researchers work towards cures . Prevention efforts , including discouraging smoking , obesity , and environmental hazards , are also important components of the cure , Dr. Andreas Ullrich , medical officer in cancer control at the World Health Organization in Geneva , Switzerland . How long it will actually take to cure cancer is anyone 's guess , but Obama 's initiative is encouraging , he said . "  We need this hope , " Ullrich said . "  We need to invest in our efforts in research , in basic research , and also in social science to understand why people behave in a risky way , and how to prevent people from exposing themselves to cancer risk , " he said . Given that "  cancer " encompasses more than 200 diseases , it makes sense that different varieties would require different approaches for saving the lives of their victims . From Brawley 's perspective , a cure happens when the disease has gone away and it 's not likely to come back , and the person is likely to grow old and die from something totally unrelated . Reid put it in terms of years of survival -- with pancreatic cancer , which normally takes lives within six months of diagnosis , you 're probably cured if you 're still alive five years after surgery , he said . But breast cancer can come back even after 10 years , he said . About 11 million people living in the United States had a history of some form of cancer as of 2005 , according to the latest statistics from the National Cancer Institute 's Surveillance Epidemiology and End Results database . There has been progress , however . For American men , the risk of death for cancer is 20 percent lower than it was 20 years ago , Brawley said . Rates of new cancer diagnoses and deaths for U.S. men and women simultaneously fell for the first time since reporting began in 1998 , according to a report published in November in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute . See a map of lung cancer in the U.S. from this report " Already there are cancers that respond well to drugs for several years . Patients with gastrointestinal stromal tumors tend to tolerate the drugs well , for example , Reid said . "  I have many patients who will come back and say , ` Except for the fact that you tell me I have cancer , I do n't know it , ' " he said . But after a while , these patients ' cancer cells mutate and evolve to become resistant to the drugs , finding ways around almost any drug , Reid said . Some breast cancer patients take medications for 10 years to prevent recurrence , said Dr. Stephanie Hines , physician at the breast center at the Mayo Clinic 's Breast Cancer Center in Jacksonville , Florida . But great strides have been made in such drugs , she said . "  There is real promise at eventually eradicating breast cancer , " she said . "  I would say maybe not in the next five or 10 years . But it may happen -- I do n't know if in our lifetime . " Still , only a few kinds of cancer are currently cured , and that 's often dependent on early detection -- testicular and early stage breast cancer are two of the few examples , Reid said . About 80 percent of lymphomas are cured , Brawley said . Metastatic lung cancer and metastatic breast cancer , on the other hand , are more likely to one day become "  chronic diseases , " which would be treated throughout a person 's life rather than eliminated , Brawley said . "  Once it 's metastasized or spread , you ca n't really do surgery unless you want to do almost cherry-picking throughout the body , which does n't really work , " he said . Currently , some breast cancers regress even with chemotherapy . Cancer specialists compare these breast cancers to "  a smoldering fire which flares up every once in a while " and requires more water , Brawley said . Extending the amount of time that a person could live like that is a "  reasonable goal , " he said . Cancer doctors emphasize that Obama 's initiative is a tremendous asset to cancer research . "  I think that all the tools are there -- it 's just , we have to do the hard work of testing them , evaluating them , and making them available to patients , Reid said .	President Obama 's proposed budget includes $ 6 billion for cancer research Experts : Some cancers that are fatal today will become like chronic diseases Already there are cancers that respond well to drugs for several years
London  CNN  A nurse who is being treated for Ebola in a London hospital after contracting the disease while volunteering in Sierra Leone is now in critical condition , the hospital said Saturday . Pauline Cafferkey , 39 , of Glasgow is the first person to have been diagnosed with the virus on UK soil . The Royal Free Hospital said her condition "  has gradually deteriorated over the past two days and is now critical . " The hospital said Wednesday that Cafferkey had decided to have blood plasma treatment -- using plasma from Ebola survivors -- and to take an experimental antiviral drug . British Prime Minister David Cameron tweeted that his thoughts and prayers are with Cafferkey . The Royal Free Hospital is equipped with a high-level isolation unit where access is restricted to specially trained medical staff . A specially designed tent with controlled ventilation is over the patient 's bed . Another British volunteer nurse , William Pooley , was treated in the unit after his return home from Sierra Leone in August after being diagnosed with Ebola . British media outlets have said Cafferkey is a public health nurse who was part of a 30-strong team of medical volunteers deployed to Sierra Leone by the UK government last month in a joint endeavor with the charity Save the Children . Cafferkey traveled back from Sierra Leone via Casablanca , Morocco , and London Heathrow Airport before arriving at Glasgow Airport on a British Airways flight late on December 28 , the health agency NHS Scotland said . After feeling unwell , she sought medical attention and was transferred to London on a military aircraft fitted with an isolation pod . Amid concerns about the possible spread of the disease , authorities have been working to contact all those who may have come into contact with Cafferkey as she traveled back to Scotland . What to know about Ebola Public Health England , a government agency , said it had contacted all 101 UK-based passengers and crew who flew from Casablanca to Heathrow , while its Scottish counterpart had reached all 71 passengers and crew members who traveled from Heathrow to Glasgow . "  Passengers given advice & reassurance . Additional 31 international passengers being contacted by international public health authorities , " Public Health England said on Twitter . The government has said the risk of infection to other passengers is "  considered extremely low . " The number of deaths in the three West African countries where the outbreak is centered has climbed to 7,989 as of December 31 , the World Health Organization said Friday . There have been more than 20,000 confirmed , probable and suspected cases in Sierra Leone , Guinea and Liberia , the WHO said .	Prime Minister Cameron says his thoughts and prayers are with Pauline Cafferkey Volunteer nurse contracted disease in Sierra Leone She is being treated in a specialized isolation unit in a London hospital
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova once labeled the conditions as "  inhuman " and three-time defending men 's champion Novak Djokovic suffered a dramatic meltdown in a quarterfinal match in 2009 so it 's with a degree of trepidation that the world 's elite go into the Australian Open with a heatwave forecast for Melbourne . Temperatures are predicted to reach a blistering 42 degrees Celsius Tuesday  107 Fahrenheit  and remain at that level until the weekend . While the opening grand slam of the season has an Extreme Heat Policy -- in place since 1998 -- it is rarely invoked and players simply have to make do . Djokovic , who had to retire with heat exhaustion against Andy Roddick when defending his 2008 crown , has become renowned for his supreme fitness levels and claims to be ready for any challenge . "  I am expecting to play in big heat . You always have to expect it because you ca n't really predict Melbourne 's weather , it 's changing a lot , " Djokovic told gathered reporters on the eve of his title defense . "  I remember the 2008 , 2009 and 2010 tournaments , there were several days I played in extreme heat . So I know how tough it is . "  But it 's the same for myself and my opponent so you have to adjust to it , " he said . Given a favorable draw , avoiding the likes of world number one Rafael Nadal , Andy Murray and Roger Federer until at least the final , Djokovic is unlikely to be troubled by the weather or his first round opponent Lukas Lacko of Slovakia on Monday . After that the level of the opposition and the heat is expected to rise with Swiss Stanislas Wawrinka looming large as his main threat . Wawrinka extended Djokovic in a five-set fourth round clash last year which many considered the outstanding match of 2013 . This time around they can not meet until the semifinals by which time forecasters are predicting a return to more manageable conditions . Sharapova , playing her first grand slam since Wimbledon last year , remains wary of conditions after being reminded of her 2007 three-setter against France 's Camille Pin , after which she made her outburst . "  I do n't think anyone can prepare themselves for that type of heat , " she told reporters . "  When you try to put in that effort , that maximum effort to give as an athlete , it 's pretty difficult for a longer period of time . " Murray , himself back in action after a layoff for surgery , is also not relishing extreme temperatures despite preparing for the championships in Florida . "  The difference between 32 degrees or whatever in Florida and 40 , it 's a huge difference . "  It feels very different on the court . The court gets so hot , the air is extremely hot as well , " said the Scot . If he can get the better of conditions , it is likely that both Roger Federer then Nadal would stand in his path if he wants to repeat last year 's men 's final showdown with Djokovic . Defending champion Victoria Azarenka and top seed Serena Williams are strongly favored to meet in the women 's final and both claim to be unperturbed about the rising temperature gauge . "  I 've been here playing for , what , last eight years . It 's not a new thing to play in the heat . I actually enjoy that , " said Azarenka . "  I mean , not all the time probably , but it 's nice to get some sun . " Williams tweeted earlier this week to complain about then cold conditions in the Victorian State capital , but claims to be ready for whatever awaits . "  I 've been training my whole life in the heat . I think I 'm pretty used to it . But obviously the heat in Melbourne is just completely different than any other heat , " said the American . "  But it 's okay . I 've just got to be ready to play under any circumstances . " For the record , the hottest Australian Open was in 2009 when the average daily temperature was 34.7 Celsius , with Djokovic the most high-profile victim .	High temperatures expected for Australian Open tennis championships Temperatures set to reach 42 degrees Celsius in Melbourne Tournament has an ` Extreme Heat ' policy Men 's champion Novak Djokovic fell victim to conditions in 2009
CNN  -- When you 're sitting on your couch on a quiet Monday night searching the Web for a decent trending topic and the almighty Twitter gods give you Doink the Clown , you take it . And if you happen to have a goat , it 's polite to offer them a sacrifice . I was fresh out of goats , so I murdered a Klondike Bar . And the Twitter gods were pleased . Truth be told , I had no idea who Doink the Clown was . But it sounded like a good topic , just so long as he was n't making headlines for cruising the suburbs in a windowless van . Clowns and vans . Not good . So , why the trend ? Well , it turns out Doink the Clown is an old-school WWE wrestler who had just made a blast-from-the-past appearance on "  Monday Night Raw . " I guess this was kind of a big deal . I do n't know -- I 'm not really into wrestling . In fact , the closest I ever came to a real match was when two of my college friends battled each other inside an old Dodge Daytona to see who could be first out the sunroof . We lost a lot of good brain cells that day . Anyway , according to the WWE website , the evil Doink was known for scaring children and making them cry . Basic clown stuff . But Doink would also bludgeon his opponents with a prosthetic limb . That leads to years of serious therapy . "  So , tell me how Doink made you feel . " "  You mean before or after I went home and cut off my genitals ? " Of course , the really good wrestlers have their signature moves , and Doink was also known for utilizing something called the "  Whoopie Cushion . " Apparently he would butt-slam his opponent 's head while viciously breaking wind . Doink was a classy clown . I actually found one good example of this on YouTube , which shows Doink dropping the Whoopie Cushion move on some guy named Barry Horowitz . Yes . Barry Horowitz . I 'm not saying my people are bad wrestlers or poor athletes . After all , we did have Goldberg . But if tomorrow I had to get in the ring and you gave me a list of 10,000 wrestlers to choose from , I 'm absolutely , positively picking the guy named Barry Horowitz . Unless there 's a Shlomo Rothstein . In which case , I choose him . Now , as I remember it -- and this was a long time ago -- unless it was a pay-per-view mega-event , the big name superstar wrestlers always just faced some random mullet-man in a pair of briefs . And won . Because , let 's be honest , Brutus "  The Barber " Beefcake does n't get pinned by the night manager at Denny 's . Apparently , there 's an actual term for these no-name wrestlers . They 're called "  jobbers . " Their job is to lose the match . Barry Horowitz , it turns out , made a nice career out of getting his brains beat in . Though I 'm sure Mr. and Mrs. Horowitz were never pleased with their son 's life choice . "  You 're such a smart boy , Barry . You could 've been a doctor ! " By the mid - '90s it seemed as though WWE  then , WWF  started using fewer of these jobbers in favor of marquee fights to increase their TV ratings . Especially on Mondays . It was 1993 when Raw first appeared on television . Almost 20 years later , they 've done it 997 times . So , there 's a big milestone coming up . To celebrate the upcoming 1,000 th episode , WWE has been sending Heath "  The One-Man Band " Slater into the ring each week to compete against past WWE legends . This week , they brought back Doink the Clown . Twitter went crazy . And here we are . Doink lost the match within minutes , and most people online seemed to think it was a rather lackluster performance . Alas , on this warm summer night , an old , sad clown was just doing his "  job . " And perhaps somewhere a Denny 's was missing its night manager .	"  Apparently This Matters " is our skewed look at trending social-media topics This week , Jarrett figures out why "  Doink the Clown " was trending on Twitter Doink 's WWF highlights include beating guys named "  Barry " with a prosthetic limb Even with a loss , at least Doink was n't stuck on the night shift at Denny 's
What do you need to map a billion stars ? A billion-pixel camera certainly helps . Scientists hope to glean more clues about the origin and evolution of the universe , and in particular our own galaxy , after a camera of this incredible scale -- fitted to the Gaia space telescope -- was launched Thursday . Gaia , which lifted off from French Guiana , has been tasked with mapping the Milky Way in greater detail than ever before . Designed and built by Astrium for the European Space Agency  ESA  , the makers say the telescope is so sensitive that it could measure a person 's thumbnail from the Moon , or to put it another way , detect the width of a human hair from 1,000 km  620 miles  away . The mission 's aim is to build a three-dimensional picture of our galaxy , measuring precise distances to a billion stars . Even this is a small fraction of the Milky Way , as astronomers believe there are at least 100 billion stars in our galaxy . Tens of billions like Earth , study says Astrium says Gaia is also expected to log a million quasars beyond the Milky Way , and a quarter of a million objects in our own solar system , including comets and asteroids . "  It can do it with incredible accuracy . It 's the biggest camera ever put into space , " said Ralph Cordey , head of science and exploration at Astrium . He said the spacecraft cost 400 million euros  $ 549 million  to build , but the total cost of the mission would come to 740 million euros  $ 1.02 billion  when the expense of the launch and running the mission for its projected five-year lifetime are included . If successful , Gaia will add to the knowledge gained from NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope , which is still in operation , and ESA 's Hipparcos satellite , which gathered data until 1993 . Hubble spots azure planet where it may rain glass The value of putting a billion-pixel camera into space has been championed by Robert Massey from the UK 's Royal Astronomical Society . "  Gaia is an amazingly ambitious mission , " he said . "  Until now astronomers have relied on very indirect methods to gauge the distance to all but the nearest stars , meaning that the foundation on which we build a map of the universe is surprisingly weak . "  Building on the work of the pioneering Hipparcos satellite that mapped the stellar neighbourhood in the 1990s , Gaia will be used to carry out work analogous to the cartographers who surveyed the Earth in the 19th and 20th centuries , building up the first accurate charts of the cosmos and helping us better understand the structure , history and fate of the galaxy we live in . " One of Gaia 's objectives is to help in the hunt for exoplanets -- new worlds beyond our own solar system . NASA 's Kepler mission has so far confirmed the existence of 167 exoplanets with hundreds more being investigated , but Cordey anticipates Gaia will likely discover thousands of new planets , while further missions will be able to uncover more detail about them . In a recent interview with CNN , George Whitesides , CEO of Virgin Galactic -- the company planning to take tourists into space -- said he thought that within a lifetime it would be possible to detect seasons on far-off worlds . He may have not have too long to wait , as Astrium is already working on design concepts to examine exoplanet atmospheres -- which may provide signs of seasonal variations . "  We are designing missions that could probably do that very thing -- it 's not science fiction , " said Cordey . Read more : Cassini spots massive ` hexagon ' on Saturn	European Space Agency 's Gaia has been tasked with making a 3D map of the Milky Way Telescope so sensitive that makers say it could measure a human thumbnail from Moon One of Gaia 's objectives is to help in hunt for exoplanets Mission applauded for building up most accurate charts of the cosmos
CNN  -- "  The Killing " was AMC 's real zombie show . Netflix has struck a deal with Fox Television Studios to resurrect the rainy crime drama for a fourth season . That 's right : "  The Killing , " a show that 's been canceled twice , is coming back to life for a second time . AMC axed "  The Killing " after its second season last year , only to pick it up again after talks between the studio and Netflix sparked interest in another round . The third season aired this summer on AMC to fairly modest ratings  ending with 1.5 million viewers  . In September , AMC cancelled the increasingly ironically titled "  The Killing "  $ " again . But apparently those cable executives did n't execute a proper double-tap to the head . Because Netflix is bringing "  The Killing " back with a six-episode fourth and final season . Stars Mireille Enos and Joel Kinnaman are on board , and so is showrunner Veena Sud . "  The rich , serialized storytelling in ` The Killing ' thrives on Netflix , and we believe that it is only fitting to give Sarah Linden  Enos  and Stephen Holder  Kinnaman  a proper send off , " said Cindy Holland , vice president of original content for Netflix . "  We are looking forward to offering fans  $ " both existing and new  $ " a series that we know is perfectly suited for on-demand viewing . " Netflix previously revived Fox 's cult favorite "  Arrested Development " for a 4th season , and is often a company that studios call when their shows are axed to see if there 's any interest . The move could be a smart play for Netflix since it gives the company an exclusive lock on the conclusion of the show without a big episode commitment  AMC is not part of the deal  . Whenever viewers stream "  The Killing " for years to come , if they want to see how the series concludes , they 'll have to watch it on Netflix  or a company that makes a distribution deal with Netflix  . Unless ... of course ... this is not REALLY the end of "  The Killing . " A Netflix rep assures this order will conclude of the show , but unless the final shot of season 4 is Linden and Holder skewered on top of the Space Needle , there 's always going to be a few fans wondering if The Killing could rise again , rainier and more murderous than ever . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Twice-canceled TV show "  The Killing " is coming back again Netflix revived the AMC series for a final season The streaming company previously revived fan favorite "  Arrested Development "
CNN  -- Apple has refreshed its line of MacBook Air notebooks , dropping in more powerful processors and knocking $ 100 off the price . The 11-inch Air , with 128GB of storage , now sells for $ 899 and options range up to a 13-inch screen with 256GB of storage for $ 1,199 . The new versions of the computers , which Apple announced Tuesday , contain fourth-generation Intel Core i5 and Core i7 processors . Apple says the new processors work with its OS X Mavericks operating system to provide 12 hours of battery life on the 13-inch models and 9 hours on the 11-inch MacBook Airs . A more radical overhaul of the popular laptop line is expected later this year . Apple-centric blog 9to5Mac is reporting that Apple is developing a hybrid , 12-inch MacBook Air that would perform like the larger , more powerful model while being almost as portable as the current 11-inch Air . In the meantime , the company appears to be addressing one of the common gripes from the anti-Apple crowd -- that more powerful PCs can be had for a fraction of the cost of Apple 's laptop and desktop offerings . "  With MacBook Air starting at $ 899 , there 's no reason to settle for anything less than a Mac , " Phil Schiller , Apple 's senior vice president of marketing , said in a written statement . "  Macs have never been more popular , and today we 've boosted the performance and lowered the price of MacBook Air so even more people can experience the perfect everyday notebook . " The new models are now available online , in Apple 's retail stores and at select authorized retailers .	Apple on Tuesday rolled out new MacBook Air laptops with faster processors Apple also cut prices on all Air models by $ 100 Design remains the same for now ; a bigger refresh may come later this year
The mass killing near Santa Barbara , California , has prompted a proposal to create a "  gun violence restraining order " that would temporarily bar a mentally unstable person from buying and possessing firearms after family , partners or friends call police . State Assemblyman Das Williams , a Democrat from Santa Barbara , said Wednesday that the legislation is designed to prevent mass killings similar to last weekend 's rampage that left seven people dead , including the suspected killer , in Isla Vista , the off-campus student community for the University of California at Santa Barbara and the local community college . The proposed law would create a system where family members , friends and intimate partners could call police to intervene with troubled loved ones . Law enforcement would be able to investigate threats and ask a judge to issue an order prohibiting firearms purchases and possession , according to Williams and state Assemblywoman Nancy Skinner  D-Berkeley  , who both announced the legislation . Williams acknowledged that gun rights advocates are certain to challenge the proposal , but he contended the legislation would balance rights because a mentally unstable person would be entitled to a court hearing to overturn the order . "  If I was in Congress , I would be much more daunted about getting this passed , " Williams told CNN . "  I think here in California , people have determined that enough is enough . We 're sick and tired of people dying in mass killings . "  It is not intrusive if the judge still has discretion over the matter at the end of the day , " Williams said of the proposed law . "  And we believe that in this case -- I 'm not omniscient , I ca n't tell you for sure that the tragedy would have been avoided -- but what 's unique about this case is that the mother and father knew there was going to be a problem , and at this point , in current law , there 's no way for them to do something about it . " Williams was apparently referring to how a mental health agency had been concerned about Elliot Rodger , 22 , the suspected killer in the weekend killings . The agency consulted one of Rodger 's relatives and then called police to check on his welfare in April . Police visited Rodger but took no further action . On Friday , Rodger apparently killed himself after allegedly stabbing to death three people in his apartment and fatally shooting two women outside a sorority and a man inside a deli in Isla Vista . The legislators say there is no mechanism to limit firearm access in most cases involving an individual in crisis while that person is in mental health therapy , substance abuse treatment or anger management , the legislators say . Currently in California , family members may call police to intervene , but "  if no crime has been committed , or the individual does not meet the criteria for an involuntary civil commitment to mental health treatment , there is essentially nothing that can be done to prevent that individual from purchasing firearms or to temporarily remove firearms from their possession during the crisis , " the legislators said in a statement . CNN legal analyst Mel Robbins , a former public defender , echoed that current state law does n't provide an intervention process for such scenarios . "  There 's no mechanism for the police or for the public or for a mental health professional to basically say , ` we need to take a look at this individual , ' just like we might yank somebody 's driver 's license for acting recklessly , " Robbins said . The legislation has a chance of being approved in California , Robbins said . "  California has some of the toughest gun control laws in the country , " Robbins said .	Lawmakers seek a state law for families to keep guns away from troubled loved ones The mass killing near Santa Barbara leads two California legislators to draft law "  We 're sick and tired of people dying in mass killings , " Santa Barbara legislator says California has some of toughest gun control laws in country , analyst says
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Millions of Indonesians cast their ballot for their next president in a neck-and-neck race between Joko "  Jokowi " Widodo , a former furniture businessman who has drawn comparisons to U.S. President Barack Obama , and Prabowo Subianto , a well-connected former military man . Official results may take two to three weeks . Unofficial quick counts showed a slight edge for Widodo . One survey group , Lingkaran Survei Indonesia , showed 53.3 % for Widodo and 46.7 % for Prabowo with 99 % of its data , and another group , Center for Strategic International Studies reported 52 % for Widodo over 48 % for Prabowo , with 95 % of its data . Another independent survey group , Saiful Mujani Research and Consulting indicated 52-53 % for Jokowi over Prabowo 's 46 % with 99 % of data . Quick counts in Indonesia are usually accurate with a slim 1-2 % margin of error , said Kevin Evans , a political analyst . Unlike previous Indonesian elections though , this race is a tight one . "  Officially it will take us a few weeks to know if we are the actual winner so it must be official , " Prabowo told CNN . "  I am very confident , very confident , " he said after voting . "  You saw how enthusiastic the people are , how happy they are . Of course , this is my home village but most of the reports I get from all over Indonesia , we are doing very well . " Over 185 million eligible voters across 17,000 Indonesian islands were eligible to vote . The campaign Both candidates have been dogged by allegations leading up to voting day for the world 's most populous Muslim nation . Earlier this year , Widodo had enjoyed double-digit lead in polls only to watch that advantage erode following smear campaigns suggesting that he is of Chinese descent , or even a Christian -- a deal breaker for many in this Muslim-majority nation . Prabowo , a career military man , had not been able shake off persistent questions about his human rights record . The current president , Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , will end his 10-year tenure , as Indonesian law prohibits a third term . Yudhoyono leaves office with sagging popularity as growing violence against religious minorities and high-profile scandals tarnished his presidential legacy . Voters are looking for firm leadership that they have n't received under the current president , said Douglas Ramage , an analyst from Bower 's Asia Group . The next president will be inaugurated on October 20 . The economy question Yudhoyono leaves behind a slowing economy hampered by trade and budget deficits . The first and foremost issue -- like all elections -- is the economy . Indonesia 's economy has slowed to 5-6 % growth , which the World Bank says is not enough to provide jobs for the 15 million Indonesians joining the work force . The two candidates have touted the usual talking points , pledging economic growth , more jobs and better infrastructure . "  It has the people , it has the resources , it has favorable demographics , it has rapid urbanization and it has a rising middle class , " said Ndiame Diop , the World Bank lead economist for Indonesia . "  And it has very good macro-economic management . I think those are ingredients that really lift the country . " But there are concerns over whether the next leader will cut roughly $ 30 billion in annual energy subsidies . Analysts also worry over a rise of protectionism within the country . "  Both candidates believe Indonesia deserves a bigger share of their national wealth , " Ramage said . "  Both candidates are presenting a more inward-looking vision of Indonesia . " "  Prabowo might be giving voters what they want to hear : a version of a muscular and assertive Indonesia whose wealth has flowed out of Indonesia and been seized by foreign countries . That message may be resonating with voters . " Questions over Prabowo Prabowo , a former son-in-law of Indonesian president Suharto , has sought to project an image of a take-charge leader . Having never served in public office , the former lieutenant general has campaigned hard on his military service . And that has appealed to the nation which has had a history of military leaders . "  I think Prabowo has the character of a firm leader and at this point what Indonesia needs is a leader who is very strong , " said Budi Satria , an Indonesian voter . "  When I say firm , it does n't mean someone who just speaks loudly , but someone who is decisive . " Prabowo 's military record has made him subject of scrutiny for his alleged involvements in controversial campaigns in East Timor , West Papua and a crackdown on pro-democracy activists in 1998 . He was removed from his military post that year . In 2000 , Prabowo was denied a visa to the United States , believed to stem from his human rights record . He has defended his record , describing himself as "  the staunchest human rights defender in this country . " It has n't swayed Andreas Harsono , human rights researcher based in Jakarta . "  Of course he makes statements about human rights , but it is murky , " said Harsono of Human Rights Watch . "  Someone who is accused of making human rights abuses and fired from his job as a general , now talking about human rights , is problematic . " One Indonesian poll indicated about a third of voters know about the human rights questions pertaining to Prabowo . "  I do think that human rights and the question over Prabowo 's record has made impact on voters , particularly on swing voters ' or undecided voters ' political behavior , " said Usman Hamid , a former student activist in 1998 and masters candidate at Australian National University . Economic class schisms Earlier this year , Widodo appeared to be a virtual lock for the presidency as he enjoyed double-digit leads in various polls . As a political newcomer to the national stage , he climbed the ranks as mayor of Surakarta to become Jakarta governor . Projecting an image as a reformer , he became known for his spontaneous visits to slums , which drew media attention , and unannounced drop-ins at government offices to catch under-performing workers . "  We want to see this election proceed in a clean , honest way so that it can produce a clean and honest leader who is willing to serve the people , " he told CNN . As the campaign wore into the summer , Widodo 's polling numbers took a hit . "  The Prabowo camp has been effective at negatively defining Jokowi as weak on policy substance and basically not ready for the national stage , " Ramage said . "  In campaigns , you have to define your opponent first , and Prabowo did that very effectively . " The bulk of his support came from the poorer Indonesians . "  I choose Jokowi because I can see that he cares for the poor and marginalized , " said Wulan , an Indonesian voter in Jakarta . Meanwhile , the bulk of Indonesia 's upper class tends to back Prabowo , according to polling data . But the race may boil down to swing voters . "  The 15 % swing voters will be crucial , said Hamdi Muluk , a University of Indonesia professor who specializes in political psychology . "  These voters , they come from the middle class , they 're very skeptical and more knowledgeable ... it 's the key to win the election . " CNN 's Kathy Quiano reported from Jakarta and Madison Park repoted and wrote from Hong Kong . Intern Casey Tolan contributed to this article .	Unofficial quick counts show slight edge for "  Jokowi " Widodo over Prabowo Subianto 185 million voters eligible to decide president of Indonesia for next five years Middle class swing voters key to who wins the presidency
Do n't let those whimsical cable cars and rainbow-colored Victorian homes fool you . San Francisco is one snobby city . At least that 's the consensus of Travel + Leisure magazine 's readers , who were asked to rank 35 major U.S. metropolitan areas on their snobbishness . San Francisco was voted the city that holds its nose highest in the sky , followed by New York City , Boston , Minneapolis-St . Paul and Santa Fe/Seattle , which were tied for fifth . T+L says readers were asked to consider various factors , such as the city 's reputation for aloof and smarty-pants residents as well as the presence of high-end shopping , good-looking locals , trendy food trucks and highbrow cultural offerings like classical music and theater . The mag cites San Francisco 's reputation for being a serious foodie city as cause of its high ranking . Five spectacular global art cities Other "  21st-century definitions of elitism " among the criteria included the city 's tech-savviness , number of artisanal coffeehouses and "  a conspicuous eco-consciousness "  say , the kind of city where you get a dirty look for throwing your coffee cup in the wrong bin  . New York City is an obvious one , but Santa Fe ? "  Georgia O'Keeffe 's old stomping ground certainly ranks as an A-list art town with readers , " says T+L . "  It won the survey for being a cultural getaway and scored highly for its museums . " The ranking is part of the magazine 's annual "  America 's Favorite Cities " survey . Here are the top 10 cities to make the T+L "  America 's snobbiest cities " list . 1 . San Francisco 2 . New York City 3 . Boston 4 . Minneapolis/St . Paul 5 . Santa Fe , Seattle  tie 7 . Chicago 8 . Providence , Rhode Island 9 . Washington D.C. 10 . Charleston , South Carolina For the full list of the top 20 snobbiest cities , visit Travelandleisure.com . The world 's most colorful cities What do you think ? Are these the snobbiest U.S. cities or do you have different experiences ? Tell us in the comments	T+L readers ranked 35 major U.S. cities on their snobbishness San Francisco voted most snobby city , followed by New York City and Boston Criteria included tech-savviness and presence of good-looking locals
CNN  -- Despite all the buzz , Ellen Pompeo is not retiring from acting . Not yet , anyway . The idea of Pompeo leaving the business was raised during a BuzzFeed Brews session Wednesday , when the "  Grey 's Anatomy " star said "  she does n't have a strong desire to continue to act " after the series ends . "  I definitely feel myself transitioning , " Pompeo said during the panel . "  I do n't find acting terribly empowering . " But Pompeo clearly is n't going anywhere anytime soon . She starts her 11th season on the ABC medical drama this fall after signing a new two-year contract in January . The 44-year-old actress has played "  Grey 's " title character , Meredith Grey , since the Shonda Rhimes-created series premiered in 2005 . Pompeo was joined at Wednesday 's event by "  Scandal 's " Kerry Washington and "  How to Get Away with Murder 's " Viola Davis -- two stars who work on shows also created by Rhimes . The actresses were asked what their dream roles would be , which prompted Pompeo 's response about her vision for her future . "  For the place I am in my life , I think my age -- once I hit 40 , I feel differently , " Pompeo continued . "  I do n't necessarily want to work for other people . " Can she see herself walking away from acting altogether ? "  Oh absolutely , " Pompeo , replied , with a caveat : "  I would never say never , I 'm not going to come out there and make one of those statements  about retiring  . " "  I try to keep an open heart , and an open mind , and an open soul and spirit to whatever comes my way , and whatever is meant to be for me will be . " As of now , it 's producing that 's caught Pompeo 's interest . It 's something she finds challenging and fun , and feeling challenged is important to her , she told the panel . "  I feel like the acting has been a wonderful opportunity and I guess I 've just done so much of it over the past , you know , 11 years , that I do n't know -- maybe part of my personality is that I feel like I have something to prove sometimes , and with acting , I feel like I do n't have anything to prove anymore . " In the meantime , "  Grey 's Anatomy " fans have at least two more years of Meredith Grey to enjoy . The new season of "  Grey 's " premieres on September 25 .	Ellen Pompeo is considering leaving acting once "  Grey 's Anatomy " is done The actress says she feels like she 's transitioning At 44 , she does n't necessarily want to work for other people
CNN  -- Move over , Coke . It looks like Apple is the real thing . The tech giant has ended Coca-Cola 's 13-year run as the world 's most valuable brand on a highly regarded annual list . And the rivalry between Apple and Google has apparently been good to both . Bolstered by the dominance of its Android operating system , Google also leapfrogged Coke , moving into second place on Interbrand 's yearly Best Global Brands list . They headed a tech-heavy list , on which IBM , Microsoft , Samsung and Intel helped round out the top 10 . But Apple shone brightest , as much for its role as a cultural institution as for the products themselves . "  Every so often , a company changes our lives , not just with its products , but with its ethos , " Interbrand CEO Jez Frampton said in the report . "  This is why , following Coca-Cola 's 13-year run at the top of Best Global Brands , Interbrand has a new No. 1 -- Apple . " Interbrand , which consults with companies about their public image , compiles its list based on financial performance of the company , the role the brand plays in influencing consumers , and how secure the brand 's top money-making products are in their field . According to the report , Apple 's brand is estimated to be worth $ 98.3 billion , a 28 % increase over 2012 , when it was No. 2 on the list . Coca-Cola 's value also rose , but by only 2 % , to $ 79.2 billion . Much of Apple 's boost can probably be attributed to its growing presence in China , where iPhones and other Apple devices are increasingly popular . Apple and Google were just two of many tech companies among the list 's fastest-rising brands . Facebook gained 43 % to hit No. 52 , making it the only social-media site on the list . Amazon jumped 27 % to No. 19 . Last year Google was fourth on the list . "  Tech brands continue to dominate Interbrand 's Best Global Brands report -- underscoring the fundamental and invaluable role they play in consumers ' lives , " the report reads . The report estimates that the list 's tech companies have a combined value of more than $ 443 billion . Last year Apple eclipsed Microsoft to become the most valuable public company in history , although its stock has since dipped . This year , Apple was surpassed by Samsung in the total number of smartphones sold worldwide , and some in the tech community knocked the company for what they perceived as a lack of innovation compared to its competitors . But the newly released iPhone 5S sold a record 9 million units during its first weekend , far outdistancing the 5 million or so iPhone 5 handsets sold in the same amount of time last year .  It 's worth noting , though , that China was part of the initial rollout of the 5S but was n't for the 5 . Interbrand says its not worried about Apple on the innovation front . "  CEO  Tim Cook has assembled a solid leadership team and has kept Steve Jobs ' vision intact -- a vision that has allowed Apple to deliver on its promise of innovation time and time again , " Frampton said .	Technology is well represented on the 2013 "  Best Global Brands " list Apple and Google finish one-two , with Coca-Cola in third Coke had topped the list for all of its previous 13 years IBM , Microsoft , Samsung and Intel also hit top 10 on list , published by Interbrand
CNN  -- Five men in El Salvador , including a police officer , were arrested Wednesday in connection with the killing last week of French filmmaker and photographer Christian Poveda , the country 's attorney general 's office said . Two of five men arrested Wednesday in connection with the killing of French filmmaker Christian Poveda . A sixth man who allegedly ordered the murder was already in prison , according to a statement from the agency . Poveda -- who recently finished a documentary about a violent street gang , part of the Mara 18 gang in El Salvador -- was found shot dead in the town of Tonacatepeque , about 10 miles northeast of the capital , San Salvador , on September 2 , authorities said . Four of those arrested were members of the same Mara 18 gang that was the subject of Poveda 's film , the attorney general 's office said . National Civil Police Officer Juan Napoleon Espinoza also was arrested , it said . Poveda 's documentary , "  La Vida Loca , " which follows the lives of members of the Mara 18 gang , had been screened at a handful of film festivals and is slated for wider release later this month . His body was found in an area controlled by that same gang , local reports said .	5 men in El Salvador arrested in killing of French filmmaker Christian Poveda A sixth man who allegedly ordered the murder was already in prison , officials said Poveda recently finished a documentary about a violent street gang in El Salvador Poveda found shot dead in town of Tonacatepeque , on September 2 , officials said
London  CNN  -- Prince Philip was hospitalized in Britain on Monday with a bladder infection , forcing him to miss part of Queen Elizabeth II 's Diamond Jubilee celebration , Buckingham Palace said . The Duke of Edinburgh , who will be 91 on Sunday , was taken to King Edward VII Hospital in London from Windsor Castle "  as a precautionary measure after developing a bladder infection , which is being assessed and treated , " the palace said in a statement . The queen 's husband will remain hospitalized and under observation "  for a few days , " the statement said . Prince Charles noted his father 's illness while addressing thousands who packed the Buckingham Palace grounds for a concert Monday night featuring music legends including Elton John and Stevie Wonder . "  The only sad thing about this evening is that my father could n't be here with us , " the prince said . "  Because unfortunately , he has taken unwell . " Charles then asked the concertgoers to send his father a message , saying , "  If we shout loud enough , he might just hear us in  the  hospital . " The crowd responded with a roar , which segued into chants of "  Philip ! Philip ! " In addition to the concert , Philip will miss Tuesday 's service of thanksgiving , luncheon and carriage procession marking the 60th anniversary of Elizabeth 's coronation . "  He is , understandably , disappointed , " the palace said . Paul McCartney , one of the performers Monday night , addressed fans outside Buckingham Palace after news of Philip 's hospitalization broke , wishing the prince a speedy recovery . In December , Philip spent four nights , including Christmas Eve and Christmas , in Papworth Hospital being treated for a blocked coronary artery . When Philip turned 90 last year , he said he would gradually "  wind down " his workload . "  I reckon I 've done my bit . I want to enjoy myself now ... have less responsibility , less frantic rushing about , less preparation , less trying to think of something to say , " he told the BBC in an interview . The longest-serving consort in British history , Philip married then-Princess Elizabeth in November 1947 in Westminster Abbey . They had two children , Prince Charles and Princess Anne , before she acceded to the throne , and two afterward -- Prince Andrew and Prince Edward . They have eight grandchildren . Born the prince of Greece and Denmark on the Greek island of Corfu in 1921 , Philip left Greece with his family when he was 18 months old after King Constantine was forced to abdicate the throne following a revolution . The family moved to Paris and then England in 1928 , and Philip also went to school in Germany . Philip renounced his Greek title when he became a naturalized British subject in 1947 . He joined the Royal Navy in 1939 , and met Elizabeth in July that year when she visited the Royal Navy College in Dartmouth with her father , King George VI . After Princess Elizabeth became queen , Philip gave up his naval career to support her and embarked on a long career of charity work , notable for its initiatives for young people . Both he and the queen are great-great-grandchildren of Queen Victoria , and are also related through his father 's side -- his paternal grandfather , King George I of Greece , was Queen Alexandra 's brother . Philip has made more than 5,000 public speeches during his working life , according to Buckingham Palace .	Prince Charles urges concertgoers to shout so his ill father could hear them The queen 's husband will remain hospitalized for a few days , Buckingham Palace says He is being treated for a bladder infection The palace says he is "  disappointed " about missing Diamond Jubilee events
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's citizens head to the polls on February 18 for parliamentary elections that may determine the future of President Pervez Musharraf and his allies . Pakistan has a federal parliamentary system of government . The nation 's parliament consists of the Upper House  Senate  and the Lower House  National Assembly  and the four provincial assemblies . Elections to the national and provincial assemblies take place every five years . Source : Election Commission of Pakistan	Pakistan holding elections on February 18 Nation has parliamentary system of government Elections to the assemblies take place every five years
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A man convicted of stalking singer Madonna , and who once threatened to knife her , was arrested Friday , a week after he escaped from a Southern California mental hospital , police said . Robert Dewey Hoskins , 54 , had walked away from Metropolitan State Hospital in the Los Angeles suburb of Norwalk on February 3 , police said . He had served a 10-year prison sentence for stalking the "  Material Girl , " police said , and a court order requires him to be in a facility receiving mental health treatment until the end of August 2012 . Los Angeles Police Sgt. Mitzi Fierro told HLN 's Nancy Grace that she had n't been told whether any new charges will be filed against Hoskins . "  At this point they are returning him to the facility , and I believe that will be determined by the detectives who will investigate -- number one , his ability to walk away from the facility and , number two , if he violated anything from that point on , " Fierro said . The facility he was in is not secured , and it was unclear Friday whether Hoskins escaped or walked out on his own , investigators told CNN . He was receiving treatment to get acclimated to society again and was supervised by a civilian staff and not officers , detectives said . Because of the court order , Hoskins was deemed an "  escapee , " detectives said . Investigators had been looking for him in the Long Beach area because some of his arrest records come from that community , detectives said . Prior to his arrest Friday , Los Angeles police issued a warning to the public saying Hoskins "  is highly psychotic when not taking his medication and has very violent tendencies . " Hoskins may have taken a bus to the Long Beach area , police said . He stalked Madonna all over California in the early 1990s , CNN affiliate KCAL reported . He threatened to cut her from "  ear to ear " if she did not marry him , the affiliate reported . He was arrested in 1995 . The following year at his trial , Madonna -- born Madonna Louise Ciccone -- testified that Hoskins repeatedly scaled the fence of her home and made her have nightmares , the affiliate reported . Fresh off her Super Bowl halftime performance , Madonna is set for a world tour to be launched in Tel Aviv , Israel , on May 29 . The European portion of the tour will have 26 shows , including stops in London , Paris , Milan and Berlin . The North American portion of her worldwide extravaganza also includes 26 cities , with the first stop in Philadelphia on August 28 . For more on this story , please go to CNN affiliate KCAL .	NEW : Detectives will determine whether Robert Dewey Hoskins will face new charges Hoskins was under a court order to receive treatment at a mental hospital He left the hospital on February 3 , police say He served 10 years in prison for stalking Madonna
CNN  -- Akilah Monifa was n't a foodie until she lost 222 pounds . The San Francisco-based communications director says she never used to taste her food . She ate mainly to feed an addiction . "  I ate a lot of junk , and I was n't mindful about what I ate , " Monifa said . But unlike with drugs or alcohol , where an addict can stop the behavior that they are addicted to , she knew she could n't stop eating . So she decided instead to stop eating and drinking out of habit . She started with small changes . She gave up diet soda first . For her it was a real sacrifice . "  I would drink maybe six to eight Diet Cokes a day . I know people think it 's OK to drink since it does n't have calories , but I realized I never really had it on its own , " Monifa said . "  I was usually rinsing down a big bag of chips with it . " So she gave up chips . After that she stopped eating the M&M s , their bright colors always taunting her from the bowl at a woman 's desk outside her office door . The tipping point At her heaviest , Monifa weighed over 400 pounds . She says there was no one moment when she realized she needed to lose weight . The knowledge came in small waves . Her daughter complained she walked too slow . She could n't join her friends on rides at the amusement park because she exceeded the weight limits . When she flew she had to use a seatbelt extender and actually got bumped once from a flight . When she got off the plane the gate agent told her he would put it in her profile that she had to buy two seats . Monifa , 57 , does n't know exactly how she put on the weight . She just knows she gained about 10 to 15 pounds a year after the age of 15 . "  I do n't know at what point I remember thinking , ` Woops , I 'm over 200 pounds now , ' " Monifa said . Subconsciously , she may have been avoiding situations where she 'd have to confront it . "  I then started telling myself things like , ` I 'll never weigh more than 200 pounds . Then it became I 'll never weigh more than 250 , then 300 , then 350 . Then it became 400 , " Monifa said . Her mother , and then her partner , bought her clothes . She stopped weighing herself when she got to 389 pounds . She later realized she had even stopped looking in the mirror . "  There was a window on a department store , and I remember seeing someone out of the corner of my eye and thinking ` Who is that big fat person behind me ? ' It slowly dawned on me . That was me . " The surgery She decided she had to do something drastic . She looked into gastric bypass ; a friend had lost 110 pounds with the surgery . With gastric bypass , doctors create a small pouch at the top of your stomach and bypass the rest to send food straight to the small intestine . The walnut-sized pouch can only hold about an ounce of food . "  Right when I was thinking about it , I got a call from a friend who said that woman had passed , " Monifa said . "  I put the surgery off . I was n't losing my life over it . " Three years ago , she worked up the nerve to look into it again . Her insurance covered a program at Stanford . It started on the right note with a lecture from the physician who would do her surgery . He said he had done 2,000 surgeries and had no fatalities . He was also from Alabama , which is where Monifa grew up . "  I took that as a sign that it was going to be OK , " she said . In August 2012 , she had surgery . She weighed 330 pounds . The first two weeks were n't bad . She did n't mind the liquid , high-protein diet . She soon graduated to eating small quantities . But then she slipped into an old habit . She was running late on the way to the gym . She stopped at a drive-thru . After one bite she threw up . That 's when she gave up fast food for good . By the time she went back to work in October she was down to 280 pounds . "  None of the clothes I had fit , so I posted that on Facebook and people started giving me clothes in vast quantities . People were so incredibly supportive . " They were also confused . "  It 's funny , when people hear that you have had gastric bypass , it 's almost like they think you 've had liposuction and had the fat removed , but that 's not the case , " Monifa said . "  A lot of what helps you lose weight afterward are all the changes you have to make . " She eats five or six small meals a day and takes advantage of San Francisco 's reputation as an inventive mecca for foodies . She now enjoys fresh vegetables from the farmer 's market or a new take on a classic Asian dish . She 'll eat anything baked , broiled or grilled . She eats slowly to enjoy the taste and the smell and the quality . And if she does get a craving , she 'll eat a tiny amount of something rather than the entire container . "  I bought a quart of vanilla ice cream when I moved into my place a year ago , and it is still there , " Monifa said . Group therapy helped . Setting exercise goals did , too . Her step counter reminds her to get at least 10,000 steps each day . And she did n't just join one gym , she joined two . A 24-hour facility by her house in Oakland and a gym right down the street from work in San Francisco . "  Since that one is a lot of money , it motivates me to go every day , " Monifa said . "  And it feels like a treat . It 's that fancy . I feel like a woman of luxury on the scene . " Socializing now is about activity , rather than food . She takes walks with friends and plays basketball with her son . She plays tennis and swims . When she does dine out she looks at the menu online and decides what healthy option to have ahead of time so she 's not tempted . She cuts her meal into a smaller portion and takes the leftovers home . The true transformation The 5-foot-11-inch woman is down to 179 pounds . Her goal used to be 190 . "  I feel good , and I feel healthy , " Monifa said . Her sleep apnea equipment and high blood pressure medicine are gone . Her lower back and joint pain disappeared . And she takes the time to celebrate what she calls the NSVs : the little non-scale victories . Signing up for a charity walk , she relished when the staff insisted she take a medium T-shirt rather than her request for "  the largest size you have . " She tucks in her shirt now , showing off her waist . She has even started to date . And finally , after all these years , she looks in the mirror . "  I 've never felt good about myself , about my looks . Now I feel like I could attract someone . My friend from college jokes that it is time I should be in a lesbian power couple , but really now I just want someone who can hold their own with me in this world . "  I finally see that I 'm worth it . "	Akilah Monifa went from more than 400 pounds to 178 Her sleep apnea is gone , and she does n't need high blood pressure medicine Actually tasting her food and really seeing herself made the difference
In the days since Michael Brown was shot and killed , protests have filled the streets in Ferguson . But beyond the signs , marchers and tear gas , there 's the pain and grief of a family . It 's a pain Sybrina Fulton knows all too well . "  I wish I had a word of automatic comfort , but I do n't , " she writes in an open letter to Brown 's parents . Fulton has been there . She , too , lost a son in a shooting death that also triggered protests and outrage . Her son was Trayvon Martin . "  I hate that you and your family must join this exclusive yet growing group of parents and relatives who have lost loved ones to senseless gun violence , " she writes in the letter published in Time magazine . "  But Michael is much more than a police/gun violence case ; Michael is your son . " Two and a half years ago on February 27 , 2012 , Fulton 's son was shot and killed in Florida by George Zimmerman , a volunteer neighborhood watch captain . The case quickly drew national attention as weeks went by without formal charges . President Barack Obama publicly addressed the case , as he has in the Brown shooting . And as is the case with the Brown shooting , protests in support of Trayvon and his family spread nationwide . Zimmerman was charged on April 11 , 2012 . Then in July of 2013 , he was found not guilty of second degree murder . In the Brown shooting , a grand jury may begin to hear testimony as early as Wednesday and decide on whether to return an indictment against the police officer who killed him , Darren Wilson . Claims of character assassination Meanwhile , key questions in the case remain unanswered and a debate over what we do know plays out in public . Police have released video of Brown taking part in an alleged convenience store robbery , and a purported friend of the Wilson called into a local radio station claiming that Brown attacked the officer and disobeyed an order to freeze . It 's an account that a source with detailed knowledge of the investigation later told CNN matches what Wilson himself has told investigators . However , both the video and the account of events contrast sharply with what witnesses and family members have said about the incident and Brown 's character . Perhaps in reference to this public debate , Fulton writes the Browns will "  hear character assassinations about Michael which I am certain you already have . " She adds , "  This will incense and insult you . All of this will happen before and continue long after you have had the chance to lay your son to rest . " "  Honor your son and his life , not the circumstances of his alleged transgression , " Fulton writes . "  I have always said that Trayvon was not perfect . But no one will ever convince me that my son deserved to be stalked and murdered . No one can convince you that Michael deserved to be executed . " Fulton pledges that "  neither of their lives shall be in vain " and ends her letter with a fiery call to action . "  If they refuse to hear us , we will make them feel us . " "  Some will mistake that last statement as being negatively provocative . But feeling us means feeling our pain ; imagining our plight as parents of slain children . We will no longer be ignored . " Magazine : The Aftermath in Ferguson Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson	"  I wish I had a word of automatic comfort , but I do n't , " she writes Fulton writes the Browns will "  hear character assassinations about Michael " She ends the letter with a fiery call to action
Albany , New York  CNN  -- An upstate school system apologized Friday after students got a writing assignment in which they were instructed to prove their loyalty to Nazi Germany by arguing Jews are "  evil " and the source of that government 's problems . Students in three Albany High School English classes received the assignment , which was due Wednesday . The assignment from the unidentified teacher was designed to flex students ' "  persuasive writing " skills . But Marguerite Vanden Wyngaard , superintendent of the City School District of Albany , called the assignment "  completely unacceptable . " "  It displayed a level of insensitivity that we absolutely will not tolerate in our school community , " Wyngaard said , "  I am deeply apologetic to all of our students , all of our families and the entire community . " My Take : Nothing wrong with Nazi assignment She told the Albany Times Union newspaper that one-third of the students refused to complete the work . The teacher has not been in school since the district learned of the assignment . The school district is considering disciplinary action , according to Ron Lesko , director of communications . Options include termination , but no decision has been made , Lesko said . In the assignment , students were to pretend the educator was a member of the Nazi government . "  You must argue that Jews are evil , and use solid rationale from government propaganda to convince me of your loyalty to the Third Reich ! " the teacher 's assignment sheet said . The assignment reiterated , "  You do not have a choice in your position . " Wyngaard , according to the Times Union , said she did not believe the teacher acted with malice or "  intent to cause any insensitivities to our families of Jewish faith . " The assignment should have been worded differently , she said . Wyngaard said the district has been in conversations with the Anti-Defamation League about future training programs for students and staff . Earlier this year in New York City , a math homework assignment asked fourth grade students to tally the number of slaves on a ship , sparking outrage among parents and administrators . From the archives : Thai school 's Nazi-themed parade sparks outrage	English students get assignment from Albany , New York , teacher They were asked to blame Jews for Nazi Germany 's problems It was part of persuasive writing project District superintendent apologizes for "  unacceptable " task
CNN  -- If I had to sum up our week in Norway with one thought , it would be "  boiler suit " . We were there to film our segment for Earth 's Frontiers on oil and we quickly realized that there 's not much to see in the oil and gas industry that does n't require some hard-core protective clothing . We went offshore to an oil rig in the North Sea to see how in Norway they manage to produce the greenest barrel of oil in the world . For every barrel of oil produced , 8kg of carbon dioxide is emitted . That 's sixty percent less than the global average . When you visit an oil rig you see that it is an entire world in itself . At Statoil 's Oseberg A platform , 90 miles west of Bergen , they have three course meals , a cinema , and even a weekly body pump aerobics class . It 's definitely a perk of the job when you find yourself transported to another world , learning about things you left behind at school . I remember studying the oil cycle in chemistry , and learning about it from my father , who used to work in the industry . But back to the boiler suits ... there 's one suit to travel to the platform , there 's another layer of safety gear to add when you take the smaller helicopter , and there 's an entirely different outfit to walk around the platform in general . Accessories come in a range of fluorescent pinks , oranges and yellows .  Think headphones , ear plugs , walkie-talkies , belts , glasses , rubber hoods , shoes  . Radiant in bright orange , the CNN crew flew around the rig to get some aerial shots of the platform . If you 've never been in a helicopter before , it 's quite a peculiar feeling when you lift off the helipad vertically . Andrew Waller , the cameraman , was actually harnessed to the roof of the helicopter because he was hanging out of the open door with a very heavy camera , trying to film the rig below for our opening sequence . It was quite impressive . As far as the eye could see there were oil and gas platforms , stretching out across the horizon . Some were in Norwegian waters , some in British waters . It really gave me a sense of the size and power of the petroleum industry . After we 'd landed , the platform manager took a sample of the oil which was being processed at the rig and showed it to us . I realized it was the first time I 'd ever seen oil in its true form . So many things we are surrounded by each day are made from oil , but most of us never get close to the stuff . Oil is a commodity that really influences world markets and geopolitics . It was funny to see it in a little plastic container . We get a third of the world 's energy from oil , and even optimistic forecasts say it will play a significant part in meeting future energy demands . But the environmentalists we spoke to were all united in calling for an end to the world 's , and Norway 's , addiction to oil . In Norway they have a great attitude towards the environment . There were little notes on our beds in fifth-floor hotel rooms with encouragements to use the stairs ; the napkin dispensers in restaurants are emblazoned with "  just take one " ; and there were recycling bins on every street corner . I was left wondering how this environmental awareness translates into the big business of oil and gas exports . And also whether I 'd be able to sneak at least one of the boiler suits home as a colorful memento of our trip . What part do you think oil has in our future energy mix ? Will it be big business as usual or can the industry do more to clean itself up ? Share your thoughts in the Sound off box below	CNN traveled to Norway to report on the oil industry Visited oil rigs and refineries to find out how "  green " each barrel of oil could be For each barrel of oil produced , 8kg of carbon dioxide is emitted ; 60 percent less than the global average .
New York  CNN  -- Beachgoers are being warned to stay out of the water this weekend at four popular beaches around New York City after raw sewage from a Manhattan plant spilled into the Hudson River , authorities said . Health advisories also have been issued for portions of the Hudson River , the East River , the Harlem River and the Kill Van Kull , cautioning people against participating in water-related activities such as canoeing , kayaking and swimming , according to the New York City Department of Health . The sewage spill began Wednesday after a fire began in the engine room of the North River Wastewater Treatment Plant , according to a press release Friday from the New York City Department of Environmental Protection . The sewage spill was stopped Friday night , and two of the engines damaged by the fire have been brought back online , the department said . The health advisories were issued for South Beach , Midland Beach and Cedar Grove Beach on Staten Island , and Sea Gate in Brooklyn , according to the release . The beaches are not closed , but the New York City Department of Health recommends that people not swim or enter the water at those locations . They also recommend that young and elderly people , as well as anyone suffering from a medical condition , not go near the water at those beaches . The advisories were expected to be in place until Monday . That would encompass one of this summer 's hottest weekends , with the National Weather Service forecasting high temperatures Saturday of 99 degrees Fahreinheit and in the high 80s Sunday . Additionally , authorities were testing the waters in the harbor and at other aquatic locales that could potentially be affected by the sewage leak , the press release said . The plant is responsible for treating 120 million gallons of wastewater a day on Manhattan 's west side . CNN 's Jordana Ossad and Laura Batchelor contributed to this report .	A sewage spill at a Manhattan wastewater plant has been brought under control The spill occurred after a fire at the plant Beachgoers are urged to avoid three beaches on Staten Island and one in Brooklyn Authorities are warning against swimming and kayaking in the Hudson and East rivers
CNN  -- Amid the women in lacy wedding veils and the men in spiffy suits at the county clerk 's office was Peter Brownstein . He 'd replaced the blue neckerchief of his Scoutmaster 's uniform with one in the colors of the rainbow , the colors of gay pride . He carried boxes of hot pepperoni and cheese pizzas in his arms . And by his side , he had his son Michael , a 14-year-old Eagle Scout . Brownstein , 52 , had gone down to the Salt Lake City office to bear witness to a marriage . What he found Monday morning was a line that snaked along halls on two floors of the building . Gay couples had rushed in to tie the knot after a district judge struck down Utah 's ban on same-sex marriage . Mayor Ralph Becker called it a "  thrilling pandemonium . " Many had been waiting for hours . Some brought along children in strollers . They were all hungry . As were the employees of the clerk 's office , who skipped lunch to process the crush of marriage certificate applications . Brownstein went down to the Little Caesar 's and picked up 10 pizzas . He and Michael handed out slices to the employees and the couples waiting to wed. . Their generosity was appreciated . Their courage , noticed . That they performed this task dressed in their Scout uniforms immediately drew attention . Cell-phone photos went off to Twitter and Facebook . Comments like this got posted on blogs : "  Utah . Boy scouts . Delivering pizzas . To support . Gay marriage . The . End . " Joanna Brooks wrote those words in the online Religion Dispatches . Yes , this was conservative Utah , the epicenter of Mormonism . Yes , Brownstein was affiliated with the Scouts , an organization that has been mired in controversy over its policies on homosexuality and earlier this year voted to allow openly gay youths to join . The vote caused an uproar among conservative and some religious organizations that argued the change would dilute the Scout message of morality . Brownstein is no stranger to any of that controversy . As leader of Boy Scout Troop 351 , he 's long advocated for the Scouts to accept all boys and men into the organization . He was reprimanded last June for participating in full uniform in the Utah pride parade in Salt Lake City . "  We are very disappointed that you used Scouting to advance the gay agenda , " wrote Bry Davis , council president , and Rick Barnes , Scout executive . The United Jewish Federation of Utah , the sponsor of Troop 351 , suspended all its activities in September . Executive Director Alex Shapiro said the federation does not discriminate against any groups . He said the troop was shut down because families of the Scouts felt Brownstein 's focus had shifted away from their children . "  It is true that Troop 351 is no longer active , however , that was a decision that was made solely by the Scout families and did not involve the federation , " Shapiro said . Brownstein was disappointed . He did n't see his actions as promoting any agenda or violating any Boy Scout rules . He saw the parade as a celebration of cultural diversity . He held steadfast to his belief that Scouting was and still is the finest youth development program . He loved how his son learned self-sufficiency and honed leadership skills . When he took his troop to summer camp last year , Brownstein chose not to participate in the food program . Instead , he and the boys cooked on an open fire . Meat stews were popular . So were the brown-and-serve rolls cooked in a cast iron Dutch oven . And both father and son admired the ideals of service instilled by the Scouts . It was in that vein that they decided to hand out pizza on Monday . "  I see it as simply providing service , " Michael said . His father added this : "  I would say that it 's meant to show what true Scouting values are -- of thinking of others and helping others and not being selective about who you are helping . " In this season of Hanukkah and Christmas , Brownstein , who is Jewish , also believes what he did Monday was in line with his religious beliefs . "  I still celebrated Hanukkah , not Christmas . But this seems in the spirit of Christmas , " he said of his pizza delivery . Is he glad he did it ? "  Totally . " Would he do it again ? "  In a heartbeat . " Brownstein feels good about what he did , even though Troop 351 is still without a sponsor and Monday 's actions may not necessarily help him out . Well , maybe he does have one regret . Next time , he 'll get more pizza so there 'll be a slice left for him .	Peter Brownstein delivered pizza to same-sex couples waiting to be married Lines were long after a judge struck down Utah 's ban on same-sex marriage Brownstein wore a rainbow neckerchief with his Scout uniform The Boy Scouts voted last May to allow openly gay youths to join
CNN  The nominations for the 69th Annual Tony Awards were announced Tuesday morning . Past Tony winner and three-time nominee Mary-Louise Parker unveiled the nominees with Bruce Willis , who is set to make his Broadway debut in the upcoming play "  Misery . " The awards are set to be handed out June 7 in a ceremony airing live at 8 p.m. on CBS  tape-delayed on the West Coast  from Radio City Music Hall . Kristin Chenoweth , a nominee for "  On the 20th Century , " and recent "  Cabaret " star Alan Cumming are set to host the ceremony . The full list of nominees is below . Best Play "  The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time " Author : Simon Stephens Producers : Stuart Thompson , Tim Levy for NT America , Warner Bros. . Theatre Ventures , Nick Starr & Chris Harper for NT Productions , Bob Boyett , Roger Berlind , Scott M. Delman , Roy Furman , Glass Half Full Productions , Ruth Hendel , Jon B. Platt , Prime Number Group , Scott Rudin , Triple Play Broadway , The Shubert Organization , The National Theatre "  Disgraced " Author : Ayad Akhtar Producers : The Araca Group , Lincoln Center Theater , Jenifer Evans , Amanda Watkins , Richard Winkler , Rodger Hess , Stephanie P. McClelland , Tulchin/Bartner Productions , Jessica Genick , Jonathan Reinis , Carl Levin/Ashley De Simone/TNTDynaMite Productions , Alden Bergson/Rachel Weinstein , Greenleaf Productions , Darren DeVerna/Jere Harris , The Shubert Organization , The David Merrick Arts Foundation "  Hand to God " Author : Robert Askins Producers : Kevin McCollum , Broadway Global Ventures , CMC , Morris Berchard , Mariano V. Tolentino , Jr. , Stephanie Kramer , LAMS Productions , DeSimone/Winkler , Joan Raffe & Jhett Tolentino , Timothy Laczynski , Lily Fan , Ayal Miodovnik , Jam Theatricals , Ensemble Studio Theatre , MCC Theater "  Wolf Hall Parts One & Two " Co-Authors : Hilary Mantel and Mike Poulton Producers : Jeffrey Richards , Jerry Frankel , Matthew Byam Shaw , Nia Janis & Nick Salmon for Playfull Productions UK , Carole Shorenstein Hays , Jam Theatricals , Ron Kastner , Kyodo Tokyo , Inc. , Tulchin Bartner Productions , WLE MSG , Jane Bergre , Scott M. Delman , Rebecca Gold , Just for Laughs Theatricals , Kit Seidel , Triple Play Productions , Gabrielle Palitz , Georgia Gatti , Jessica Genick , Will Trice , The Shubert Organization , The Royal Shakespeare Company Best Musical "  An American in Paris " Producers : Stuart Oken , Van Kaplan , Roy Furman , Stephanie McClelland , Darren Bagert , Carole L. Haber , James Nederlander , Five Cent Productions , Michael Leavitt , Apples and Oranges Studios/Dominion Pictures , Roger Berlind/Arch Road , Simone Genatt Haft/Marc Routh , Triptyk Studios/Spencer Ross , Ed Walson/Peter May , Adam Zotovich/Celia Atkin , Eugene Beard/Julie Boardman/Kalish-Weinstein , Stuart Ditsky/Jim Herbert/Sandy Robertson , Suzanne Friedman/Independent Presenters Network/Wonderful Productions , The Leonore S. Gershwin 1987 Trust/Jenkins-Taylor/Proctors , Harriet Newman Leve/Jane Dubin/Sarabeth Grossman , Caiola Productions/Jennifer Isaacson/Raise the Curtain , Elephant Eye Theatrical & Pittsburgh CLO , Thtre du Chtelet "  Fun Home " Producers : Fox Theatricals , Barbara Whitman , Carole Shorenstein Hays , Tom Casserly , Paula Marie Black , Latitude Link , Terry Schnuck/Jack Lane , The Forstalls , Nathan Vernon , Mint Theatrical , Elizabeth Armstrong , Jam Theatricals , Delman Whitney , Kristin Caskey & Mike Isaacson , The Public Theater , Oskar Eustis , Patrick Willingham "  Something Rotten ! " Producers : Kevin McCollum , Broadway Global Ventures , CMC , Mastro/Goodman , Jerry & Ronald Frankel , Morris Berchard , Kyodo Tokyo Inc. , Wendy Federman , Barbara Freitag , LAMS Productions , Winkler/DeSimone , Timothy Laczynski , Dan Markley , Harris/Karmazin , Jam Theatricals , Robert Greenblatt , Jujamcyn Theaters "  The Visit " Producers : Tom Kirdahy , Edgar Bronfman , Jr. , Tom Smedes , Hugh Hayes , Peter Stern , Judith Ann Abrams , Rich Affannato , Hunter Arnold , Carl Daikeler , Ken Davenport , Bharat Mitra & Bhavani Lev , Peter May , Ted Snowdon , Bruno Wang Productions , Taylor Cleghorn , Sandi Moran , Mark Lee & Ed Filipowski , Blodgett Calvin Family , Gabrielle Palitz/Weatherby & Fishman LLC , Marguerite Hoffman/Jeremy Youett , Carlos Arana , Veenerick & Katherine Vos Van Liempt , 42nd . Club/Silva Theatrical , Kate Cannova/Terry Loftis , The Shubert Organization , Williamstown Theatre Festival Best Revival of a Play "  The Elephant Man " Producers : James L. Nederlander , Terry Allen Kramer , Catherine Adler , Roger Berlind , Caiola Productions , Patrick Catullo , Roy Furman , Larry Hirschhorn , Jeffrey Finn Productions , Van Kaplan , Edward M. Kaufmann , Hal Luftig , Arielle Tepper Madover , Peter May , Stephanie P. McClelland , The Shubert Organization , Douglas Smith , Jonathan M. Tisch , WLE MSG , LLC. , Scott & Brian Zeilinger , Williamstown Theatre Festival "  Skylight " Producers : Robert Fox , Scott Rudin , Eli Bush , Roger Berlind , William Berlind , Roy Furman , Jon B. Platt , The Shubert Organization , Stephanie P. McClelland , Catherine Adler , Jay Alix & Una Jackman , Scott M. Delman , Heni Koenigsberg , Spring Sirkin , Stuart Thompson , True Love Productions , The Araca Group , Carlos Arana , David Mirvish , Joey Parnes , Sue Wagner , John Johnson "  This Is Our Youth " Producers : Scott Rudin , Eli Bush , Roger Berlind , William Berlind , Jon B. Platt , Roy Furman , The Shubert Organization , Ruth Hendel , Scott M. Delman , Stephanie P. McClelland , Sonia Friedman , Tulchin Bartner , The Araca Group , Heni Koenigsberg , Daryl Roth , Joan Raffe & Jhett Tolentino , Catherine & Fred Adler , Joey Parnes , Sue Wagner , John Johnson , Steppenwolf Theatre Company "  You Ca n't Take It with You " Producers : Jeffrey Richards , Jerry Frankel , Jam Theatricals , Dominion Pictures , Gutterman & Winkler , Daryl Roth , Terry Schnuck , Jane Bergre , Caiola Productions , Rebecca Gold , Laruffa & Hinderliter , Larry Magid , Gabrielle Palitz , Spisto & Kierstead , SunnySpot Productions , Venuworks Theatricals , Jessica Genick , Will Trice , Roundabout Theatre Company , Todd Haimes , Harold Wolpert , Julia C. Levy , Sydney Beers Best Revival of a Musical "  The King and I " Producers : Lincoln Center Theater , Andr Bishop , Adam Siegel , Hattie K. Jutagir , Ambassador Theatre Group "  On the Town " Producers : Howard and Janet Kagan , Severn Partners Entertainment , Bruce Robert Harris and Jack W. Batman , Paula Marie Black , Nigel Lythgoe , Michael J. Moritz , , Jr. , Mahoney/Alden/Badway , Ambassador Theatre Group , Margie and Bryan Weingarten , Kim Schall , Michael Rubenstein , Terry/Louise/Chris Lingner , Brunish & Trinchero , Stephanie Rosenberg , Laruffa & Hinderliter , Rubinstein/Handleman , Lizbeth Bintz , Riki Kane Larimer , 24 Hour Adventure Production , A&A Gordon , Matt Ross/Ben Feldman/Pamela Cooper , Barrington Stage Company "  On the Twentieth Century " Producers : Roundabout Theatre Company , Todd Haimes , Harold Wolpert , Julia C. Levy , Sydney Beers Best Book of a Musical "  An American in Paris , " Craig Lucas "  Fun Home , " Lisa Kron "  Something Rotten ! " Karey Kirkpatrick and John O'Farrell "  The Visit , " Terrence McNally Best Original Score  Music and/or Lyrics  Written for the Theatre "  Fun Home " Music : Jeanine Tesori Lyrics : Lisa Kron "  The Last Ship " Music & Lyrics : Sting "  Something Rotten ! " Music & Lyrics : Wayne Kirkpatrick and Karey Kirkpatrick "  The Visit " Music : John Kander Lyrics : Fred Ebb Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role in a Play Steven Boyer , "  Hand to God " Bradley Cooper , "  The Elephant Man " Ben Miles , "  Wolf Hall Parts One & Two " Bill Nighy , "  Skylight " Alex Sharp , "  The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time " Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role in a Play Geneva Carr , "  Hand to God " Helen Mirren , "  The Audience " Elisabeth Moss , "  The Heidi Chronicles " Carey Mulligan , "  Skylight " Ruth Wilson , "  Constellations " Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role in a Musical Michael Cerveris , "  Fun Home " Robert Fairchild , "  An American in Paris " Brian d'Arcy James , "  Something Rotten ! " Ken Watanabe , "  The King and I " Tony Yazbeck , "  On the Town " Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role in a Musical Kristin Chenoweth , "  On the Twentieth Century " Leanne Cope , "  An American in Paris " Beth Malone , "  Fun Home " Kelli O'Hara , "  The King and I " Chita Rivera , "  The Visit " Best Performance by an Actor in a Featured Role in a Play Matthew Beard , "  Skylight " K. Todd Freeman , "  Airline Highway " Richard McCabe , "  The Audience " Alessandro Nivola , "  The Elephant Man " Nathaniel Parker , "  Wolf Hall Parts One & Two " Micah Stock , "  It 's Only a Play " Best Performance by an Actress in a Featured Role in a Play Annaleigh Ashford , "  You Ca n't Take It with You " Patricia Clarkson , "  The Elephant Man " Lydia Leonard , "  Wolf Hall Parts One & Two " Sarah Stiles , "  Hand to God " Julie White , "  Airline Highway " Best Performance by an Actor in a Featured Role in a Musical Christian Borle , "  Something Rotten ! " Andy Karl , "  On the Twentieth Century " Brad Oscar , "  Something Rotten ! " Brandon Uranowitz , "  An American in Paris " Max von Essen , "  An American in Paris " Best Performance by an Actress in a Featured Role in a Musical Victoria Clark , "  Gigi " Judy Kuhn , "  Fun Home " Sydney Lucas , "  Fun Home " Ruthie Ann Miles , "  The King and I " Emily Skeggs , "  Fun Home " Best Scenic Design of a Play Bunny Christie and Finn Ross , "  The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time " Bob Crowley , "  Skylight " Christopher Oram , "  Wolf Hall Parts One & Two " David Rockwell , "  You Ca n't Take It with You " Best Scenic Design of a Musical Bob Crowley and 59 Productions , "  An American in Paris " David Rockwell , "  On the Twentieth Century " Michael Yeargan , "  The King and I " David Zinn , "  Fun Home " Best Costume Design of a Play Bob Crowley , "  The Audience " Jane Greenwood , "  You Ca n't Take It with You " Christopher Oram , "  Wolf Hall Parts One & Two " David Zinn , "  Airline Highway " Best Costume Design of a Musical Gregg Barnes , "  Something Rotten ! " Bob Crowley , "  An American in Paris " William Ivey Long , "  On the Twentieth Century " Catherine Zuber , "  The King and I " Best Lighting Design of a Play Paule Constable , "  The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time " Paule Constable and David Plater , "  Wolf Hall Parts One & Two " Natasha Katz , "  Skylight " Japhy Weideman , "  Airline Highway " Best Lighting Design of a Musical Donald Holder , "  The King and I " Natasha Katz , "  An American in Paris " Ben Stanton , "  Fun Home " Japhy Weideman , "  The Visit " Best Direction of a Play Stephen Daldry , "  Skylight " Marianne Elliott , "  The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time " Scott Ellis , "  You Ca n't Take It with You " Jeremy Herrin , "  Wolf Hall Parts One & Two " Moritz von Stuelpnagel , "  Hand to God " Best Direction of a Musical Sam Gold , "  Fun Home " Casey Nicholaw , "  Something Rotten ! " John Rando , "  On the Town " Bartlett Sher , "  The King and I " Christopher Wheeldon , "  An American in Paris " Best Choreography Joshua Bergasse , "  On the Town " Christopher Gattelli , "  The King and I " Scott Graham & Steven Hoggett for Frantic Assembly , "  The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time " Casey Nicholaw , "  Something Rotten ! " Christopher Wheeldon , "  An American in Paris " Best Orchestrations Christopher Austin , Don Sebesky , Bill Elliott , "  An American in Paris " John Clancy , "  Fun Home " Larry Hochman , "  Something Rotten ! " Rob Mathes , "  The Last Ship " Recipients of Awards and Honors in Non-competitive Categories Special Tony Award for Lifetime Achievement in the Theatre Tommy Tune Special Tony Award John Cameron Mitchell Regional Theatre Tony Award Cleveland Play House , Cleveland , Ohio Isabelle Stevenson Tony Award Stephen Schwartz Tony Honors for Excellence in the Theatre Arnold Abramson Adrian Bryan-Brown Gene O'Donovan  2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Actors Kristin Chenoweth and Alan Cumming are set to host the 2015 Tony Awards ceremony Best play nominees : ` The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time , " "  Disgraced , " "  Hand to God " and "  Wolf Hall Parts One & Two " The awards will be presented on June 7 in a ceremony airing live at 8 p.m. on CBS
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Grand fireworks and spectacular choreography brought to a close the Beijing Games Sunday as one of the most remarkable Olympics in recent history were declared at an end . A dancer performs Sunday during the Olympics Closing Ceremony in Beijing . Fireworks across China 's capital as a crowd of more than 90,000 at the landmark "  Bird 's Nest " National Stadium watched the pyrotechnics . The ceremony marked a climax to a Games that has delivered many world-breaking sporting performances and redefined the international image of the communist nation . "  Tonight , we come to the end of 16 glorious days which we will cherish forever , " IOC President Jacques Rogge said . "  Through these Games , the world learned more about China , and China learned more about the world . " "  These were truly exceptional games , " he said , declaring them formally closed . Joining the sportsmen and women at the event were a delegation from London , host of the 2012 Summer Games , including soccer star David Beckham who rode into the stadium on a red double-decker bus . Watch a gallery of the Closing Ceremony " British Prime Minister Gordon Brown was also in attendance while London 's mayor , Boris Johnson received the Olympic flag from Beijing Mayor Go Jinlong . Watch preparations under way in London " China had invested more than $ 40 billion in the games , which it viewed as a chance to show the world its dramatic economic progress . Unlike previous Summer Olympics , logistics appeared to run smoothly for the Games . Also impressive was the emergence of a new world sporting superpower -- the host nation . China , which won its first Summer Olympic gold medal in 1984 , clinched first place in the gold medal standings long before the final hours of sporting competition came to a close . The United States led the overall Medals table . Other spectacular sporting accomplishments were recorded at the Beijing Olympics : U.S. swimmer Michael Phelps became the face of the Games , winning a record eight Olympic gold medals in a single Games . See a timeline of daily highlights " Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt won three golds -- in the 100-meter dash , 200-meter dash and 4x100-meter relay . Watch a gallery of Olympic moments However , questions and criticism remained about China 's stance on free speech and political protest . Objections were raised over certain Web sites being blocked . And although Chinese organizers had created designated "  protest zones , " people allowed to protest appeared non-existent . Demonstrators at unauthorized protests were detained . On the final weekend of the Olympics , U.S. diplomatic officials raised concern to Beijing over eight Americans arrested the previous week for planning or staging protests . Another shadow was cast during the opening weekend when grisly attack at a Beijing tourist site saw U.S. volleyball coach Hugh McCutcheon 's father-in-law fatally stabbed by a Chinese man who then committed suicide . Watch as two elderly Chinese women face detention " Worries over pollution and its impact on athletes seemed to fade away . Distance running events ran smoothly , and while the air was thick with smog on many days during the Games , foreign media did not report widespread health concerns by the tens of thousands of foreigners attending the Games .	Extravagant climax closes Beijing 's 2008 Summer Olympics Fireworks light up across China 's capital Crowd of more than 90,000 attends closing ceremony Olympic torch passed to London , host of 2012 Summer Games
The debate over the "  Redskins " name in sports is n't just at the professional level . Students at an Oklahoma City high school were refusing to go into Capitol Hill High School on Wednesday morning because their mascot no longer has the controversial name , according to CNN affiliate KOCO . Dozens of students stood on the lawn outside the building rather than heading into class . The city 's public school board voted Monday to change the name in response to Native American students ' feelings that the mascot name was offensive . The vote to change the mascot , which has been in place since the 1920s , was unanimous . School administrators will immediately start phasing out the Redskins mascot and will create a committee of current and former students and community members to pick a new mascot before the end of the spring semester , spokeswoman Tierney Tinnin said in a statement , according to The Oklahoman . In the NFL , Washington Redskins football team owner Dan Snyder has repeatedly defended his team 's use of the name and wrote in a March letter that the name "  captures the best of who we are and who we can be , by staying true to our history and honoring the deep and enduring values our name represents . " The support of a handful of Oklahoma City high school students is n't likely to help Snyder 's cause . President Barack Obama said last year that he might change the name if he were the team owner . In June , the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office found that six team trademarks were offensive and canceled them . The team appealed , and the patent office ruled that the Redskins could use the logos until the years-long appeals process was complete . The National Congress of American Indians has spoken out against the use of "  Redskins " and other Native American mascots .	High school students protested over removal of mascot name The Capitol Hill High School mascot is no longer the Redskins An NFL team has been repeatedly criticized for keeping the name
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic beat world number one Rafael Nadal to claim the Miami Masters 1000 title Sunday and maintain his winning start to 2011 . Djokovic saw off Nadal 4-6 6-3 7-6 for his 24th straight victory since the start of the season , including the Australian Open title and two Masters crowns , both times at the expense of the Spaniard in close finals . After more than three hours of pulsating action , Nadal finally cracked in the third set tiebreaker at 2-2 when he served up a double fault . His Serbian opponent seized on the opening as he took five points in a row to hold four match points at 6-2 . Nadal bravely saved two , but on the third a forehand winner gave Djokovic his second title at the prestigious hard court tournament . "  It was very close and it really could have gone either way , " he said after lifting the trophy . "  It was one of the best finals I ever played in my life , and it 's always a great pleasure and honor playing against Rafa , who is a good friend and a great champion . " Nadal , who will now turn to his favorite surface of clay as he defends his ranking against the fast rising number two Djokovic , conceded he had been second best . "  Today I had some good chances , but Novak was too good for me this afternoon , " he said . A single break of service in each set saw the pair share the opening two sets , which were marked by punishing baseline rallies . The pattern continued in the third , with neither man able to break though on his opponent 's service , setting the scene for the decisive tiebreaker . Both men had won their semifinal matches in straight sets , with Djokovic beating home hope Mardy Fish and Nadal dispatching former world number one Roger Federer .	Novak Djokovic beats Rafael Nadal to win Masters 1000 crown in Miami Djokovic wins deciding third set tiebreaker 7-4 for his 24th straight win in 2011 World number one Nadal claimed opening set , but Djokovic hit back to level Djokovic has four titles this year including Australian Open crown
CNN  -- College costs too much , both for students and for society as a whole . This year , according to the College Board , average published in-state tuition and fee plus room/board charges exceed $ 17,000 at four-year public institutions , a 6 % increase from only one year earlier . In 2009 , spending by Americans for post-secondary education totaled $ 461 billion , an amount 42 % greater than in 2000 , after accounting for inflation . This $ 461 billion is the equivalent of 3.3 % of total U.S. gross domestic product  GDP  and an amount greater than the total GDP of countries such as Sweden , Norway and Portugal . The public is taking notice . The Occupy Wall Street protesters have featured student debt forgiveness as one of their demands , and students in California have demonstrated several times in the past year after their tuition was raised twice . Earlier this week , U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan addressed some of these concerns in a speech where he urged colleges to get serious about their cost problem . But there 's only so much the federal government can  and should  do . The underlying structure of American higher education needs dramatic reform before there will be any relief in sight . Whereas private businesses cut prices for consumers and costs to themselves through efficiencies that increase profits and incomes , universities lack those incentives . Indeed , the typical successful university president views his or her key constituencies not to be the customer  students and their parents who pay tuition charges or the granters of research funds  , but rather others -- the faculty , important alumni , key administrators , trustees and occasionally politicians . They please these constituencies by raising , and then spending , lots of money . They effectively bribe powerful faculty with low teaching loads , high salaries and good parking . They give the alumni successful intercollegiate athletic programs that are expensive and usually financed off the backs of students . They give trustees whatever they want , no matter how costly or eccentric . Universities do a second thing unheard of in the private sector -- they often deliberately turn customers away . A fast food chain or discount store succeeds by selling more hamburgers or television sets ; no customer was ever kept from spending money at McDonald 's by an "  admissions office . " Yet for American universities , the "  bottom line " is measured by college rankings that often reward schools for turning people away , becoming more "  selective . " Many believe the Ivy League offers the best education in the world , so why do we encourage those elite institutions to deny access to thousands of highly qualified students every year ? Like health care , prices are rising rapidly for higher education because of the predominant role of third-party payments -- federal student loans and grants , state government support for institutions and students , private philanthropic gifts and endowment income . College seniors who borrow to finance their education now graduate with an average of $ 24,000 in debt , and student loan debt now tops credit card debt among Americans . When some else is paying a lot of the bills , students are less sensitive to the price , thus allowing the colleges to care less about keeping prices under control . And the nonprofit nature of institutions reduces incentives for colleges and universities to be efficient . The key to getting costs under control is contained in three words that begin with the letter "  I " -- information , incentives and innovation . Customers are ignorant of college outcomes because we do not measure in any coherent and consistent manner what students actually learn , how well they do after graduation or whether they think better in a critical manner as a result of the college experience . Even basic financial information on how colleges spend money is often not fully shared with trustees or key politicians who help fund or oversee college operations . As mentioned above , incentives to conserve resources are few . Once , as a department chairman , I successfully battled for more faculty members to do the same amount of work , thus lowering productivity . The result ? My faculty evaluated me highly so I got a nice raise . Where else do the employees get to decide who their bosses will be or how much they will be paid ? If information and incentives are provided , innovation will come . Already , we know several online and other innovations can work to deliver high-quality education services at potentially lower prices . Duncan highlighted Western Governor 's University , a nonprofit online institution , as one such example . Nondegree forms of education need more emphasis , since the number of college graduates exceeds the number of jobs available in occupations for which degrees historically have been desirable -- jobs in the managerial , technical and professional areas . According to data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics , in 2008 some 29.7 % of flight attendants , 24.4 % of retail salespersons and 17.4 % of baggage porters had a bachelor 's degree or higher . According to my analysis of the data , more than 17 million college graduates were "  underemployed " in 2008 . Surely these people needed some form of post high school training , but an expensive four-year degree may not have been the best approach . Rather , perhaps we should be encouraging some students to develop skills at lower costs by utilizing innovative free courses provided by groups such as the Saylor Foundation and Khan Academy . College costs can not rise faster than income forever -- we can not afford it . Necessity is the mother of invention . Like it or not , American higher education is in for big change in the next generation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Richard Vedder .	College costs are rising much faster than inflation Richard Vedder says colleges do n't pay attention to real customers -- students He says incentives need to be changed and innovation encouraged Vedder : America 's colleges and universities will look very different in coming years
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV / MOTHERBOARD.TV  -- Military checkpoints line the long and winding road from the airport in Cali , Colombia , to the coastal city of Buenaventura . These are expected sights in the long-running conflict we know as the "  war on drugs . " Plan Colombia , legislation passed during the Clinton administration , provided billions in military aid to Colombia to help halt the cultivation and transport of cocaine . It has had only mixed success . Buenaventura , a strategic port city and maritime gateway to Central and North America , is a haven for the newest clandestine agent in the illegal drug trade : the "  narco-sub . " As this decades-old conflict has ebbed and flowed , one thing has remained constant : the sheer ingenuity of narco-traffickers to invent and exploit new methods and routes for smuggling . We were granted access to the Mlaga naval base about an hour outside of Buenaventura , which has been at the forefront of interdicting these vessels . The Colombian navy said some cartels are allocating increasing resources to the development of new smuggling technology . Several decades ago , Samsonite suitcases and underwear refashioned with hidden pockets enabled upstart smugglers to carry drugs across borders . Today , narco-subs are at the cutting edge of smuggling technology . The Colombian navy has collected a small group of narco-subs and boats at Mlaga . They resemble speedboats with their roofs removed , more than any images you might conjure from "  The Hunt for Red October , " and most of them are n't engineered to be fully submersible . But despite being built off the grid , having a ramshackle appearance , and occasionally malfunctioning at sea , narco-subs are increasingly used by traffickers to carry millions of dollars of illicit cargo , while evading some of the world 's most technologically advanced military equipment . See the rest of Colombian narco-subs at Motherboard.tv It is unknown how many narco-subs have been deployed . The ones caught so far by the Colombian navy each sports a slightly different shape and set of features -- at least from the outside . But in the dark and musty interior of two semisubmersibles , their shared purpose is clear : to carry illicit cargo , a small crew of men , and enough gasoline for a journey that could last several weeks . What the vessels do not include , said officials , is a bathroom . Miguel Angel Montoya helped spearhead the construction of semisubmersibles for drug smuggling prior to leaving the trade . "  At the beginning , in the times of Pablo Escobar , it was common for planes to leave Colombia and land on clandestine strips in the U.S. or Mexico . Later , that was difficult . ... Innovations in drug trafficking come when the situation hits a crisis state , " said Montoya . One of his last designs was the "  torpedo , " an unmanned submersible towed behind another boat on the surface and outfitted with a radio-controlled recovery system in the event the navy captured it . Having temporarily discarded the evidence , the crew could later recover its cargo and continue its journey . The "  torpedo " represents the height of narco-sub innovation as it was known five years ago . Who knows what might be crawling under the ocean 's surface today . This piece was created in partnership with Dell for Motherboard.tv -- VBS.TV staff	Colombian traffickers using homemade submarines to transport drugs Drug cartels allocating more resources to development of new smuggling methods VBS gets access to a naval base at the forefront of finding and intercepting the vessels
A new Justice Department panel is reviewing the police response to 16 days of protests and disturbances after the fatal shooting of Michael Brown by a Ferguson , Missouri , police officer . The so-called after-action review is taking a look at how officers from the Ferguson and St. Louis County police departments and the Missouri State Police handled everything from crowd control to arrests to interaction with the media , according to a Justice Department official . The 12-person team , which includes Justice Department officials and current and former police chiefs , is part of the federal response promised by Attorney General Eric Holder in response to the shooting and aftermath . The team started its assessment last week with a visit to Ferguson , conducting interviews with police officials and people who interacted with the police during the 16 days in August . They 'll return several times in the coming weeks . Holder has been critical of the heavy-handed police response , which included phalanxes of armored police firing tear gas at demonstrators . Ronald Davis , who heads the Justice Department 's Office of Community Oriented Policing Services , or COPS , has led efforts to train St. Louis area police to improve how they respond to protests . His office is also helping manage the after-action review . Despite police response problems already identified by Holder , Davis said the police review will be objective . The group doing the after-action assessment wo n't be "  naive of the facts " that caused there to be a review in the first place , he said , but "  the assessment will be based on facts . We have to start with a very objective slate . " The first test of the new federal COPS training is expected soon , when a St. Louis County grand jury decides whether to indict Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson for shooting Brown . If the grand jury decides not to indict Wilson , it could spark new protests . Davis said Tuesday that his office has done a first round of training for 27 police commanders . The training covers everything from arrest practices to use of force . One focus of the training is the guardian vs. warrior mentality . The aim , Davis said , is to move police to embrace the guardian mentality , so they act as guardians of constitutional rights , instead of warriors , as their riot-control armor may suggest . The Justice Department is also conducting a separate civil rights investigation of the shooting and an investigation of the practices of the Ferguson Police Department . Complete coverage on Ferguson	Department has been looking at civil rights issues in the Ferguson case Now it also is examining the police response to 16 days of August protests 12-person team includes Justice Department officials , current and former police chiefs
CNN  -- From outward appearances Tuesday 's special election to fill a vacant congressional seat in Florida does n't seem to be that important . It 's just one of 435 seats in the U.S. House , and the winner will serve out a term that comes to a close at the end of the year . But the contest for Florida 13 has landed smack in the middle of the national political spotlight . It 's seen by some pundits as a bellwether for November 's midterm elections , and there 's been a massive infusion of outside ad money into the race to try to influence the outcome . A special election this far out from Election Day rarely gives us a preview of what will actually happen in November , but the party that does come out on top gets bragging rights until the next election . Empty your notebook : Republican finger-pointing in Florida Democrat Alex Sink is running against Republican David Jolly to fill out the term of Republican Bill Young , who died in October . Young , first elected to Congress in 1970 , was the longest-serving Republican in the House . Sink was Florida 's chief financial officer and narrowly lost the 2010 gubernatorial election to Rick Scott . Jolly served as a former general counsel for Young and also worked as a lobbyist . There 's also a libertarian candidate in the race . Here are five things we can learn from the race : National parties test their pitches in Florida special election 1 . Swing district in a swing state : The district covers most of Pinellas County and parts of St. Petersburg near Tampa , and it 's up for grabs . While Young captured 58 % of the vote in his 2012 re-election , President Barack Obama narrowly carried the district . Obama also won it in 2008 , grabbing 51 % of the vote . It went for George W. Bush before that . Of those registered to vote in the district , 37 % are Republicans , about 35 % are Democrats and 28 % are unaffiliated . Public opinion polls suggest the race remains close . With the number of competitive House seats shrinking with every cycle , Florida 13 is becoming something of a rarity . While both parties have a lot at stake , and both have tried to lower expectations , a top nonpartisan political handicapper says the Democrats have more to lose . "  It 's rare in politics that anything other than a presidential contest is viewed as a must-win , but the special election in Florida 's 13th District falls into that category for Democrats , " wrote Stuart Rothenberg , editor of the nonpartisan Rothenberg Political Report . Rothenberg points out that all things being equal , Sink should win , since she did n't have a primary challenge and had a money advantage , and Jolly had to continuously battle the lobbyist label . "  Since most nonpartisan handicappers and analysts have for years expected this seat to go Democratic when it became open , a Republican victory would likely say something about the national political environment and the inclination of district voters to send a message of dissatisfaction about the President . And that possibility should worry the White House , " Rothenberg said . Eight things to watch till Election Day 2 . Is it all about Obamacare ? : National Republicans are framing the election as a referendum on Obamacare . The National Republican Congressional Committee and pro-GOP outside groups link Sink to the health care law , to President Obama and to House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi . "  Canceled health plans . Higher premiums . Medicare cuts . People losing their doctors . A disaster for families and seniors . For Alex Sink the priority is Obamacare . Not us , " says the narrator in a TV commercial by the Chamber of Commerce , which is backing Jolly . That 's a potent message in a district that 's one of the grayest in the nation . Nearly a quarter of all residents in Florida 13 are 65 or older . Jolly says he remains committed to getting rid of Obamacare entirely . Sink recognizes that Obamacare is a major issue . While she highlights how the Affordable Care Act has helped people , she also notes that the law has flaws , and says she 's open to GOP proposals to amend some of the measure 's requirements . "  Regardless of whether or not the election will tell us anything about November , the two political parties will learn lessons from this contest and apply them to future races , " Rothenberg said . "  If Jolly wins , it 's all about Obamacare for the GOP . And if Sink wins , Democrats will say that attacking Republican candidates on Medicare and Social Security works . " 3 . Excitement could translate to turnout : While special elections typically see far lower turnout than general elections , the race in Florida could have a strong showing -- a statistic both sides will be eagerly trying to gauge to predict turnout in November . Early voting turnout is already higher than the total turnout for the last special election in Florida , when Democrat Ted Deutch won in 2010 after Democrat Robert Wexler resigned . Nancy Whitlock , a spokeswoman for Pinellas County elections , said about 27 % of eligible voters in the district have already voted by mail or in person . By contrast , turnout for that 2010 special election was about 15 % of eligible voters . That 's the total figure , not just early voting . While registered Republicans outnumber registered Democrats in the 13th District by about 11,350 voters , Democrats seem to be excited about the high early voting turnout so far . "  These are tests of turnout to some extent , " Rothenberg said . "  Democrats are already talking about how they are doing better in the early voting than they thought they would . " 4 . Most expensive race so far : The contest has seen an outsized level of third-party spending , making it the most expensive race this election cycle , even more than last year 's Senate special election in Massachusetts to replace former Sen. John Kerry . Outside spending also tops the current Senate race in Kentucky , where Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell is defending his seat . In addition to the $ 2.4 million spent by the campaigns themselves , as of mid-February nearly $ 9 million had been spent by outside groups , according to the Center for Responsive Politics , which monitors outside spending . Sheila Krumholz , executive director of the CRP , said the influx of cash has to do with the start of the 2014 midterms . "  It seems like an anomaly that there would be all this outside interest when it 's going to have to be fought again in November , " she said . But she added that groups are interested in this race in part because there 's "  no other show in town yet . " Outside money , she said , can significantly strengthen or weaken the eventual victor when the race plays out again in November , but it also plays a large role in determining the dialogue and themes in the contest . Breaking the numbers down , Jolly appears to have an advantage in third-party spending . About $ 623,000 has been spent in efforts to oppose Sink , and Jolly has benefited from about $ 600,000 more to support him than his opponent . American Crossroads , the conservative super-PAC backed by Karl Rove , and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce are two of the largest super-PACs that have backed Jolly . On the Democratic side , House Majority PAC put in nearly $ 1 million . The two campaign arms in the House dished out the most cash in the race -- the National Republican Congressional Committee slightly outspent the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , $ 2.2 million to $ 2.1 million . 5 . From Barker to Biden to Bowzer to Bubba : Beside the national money and attention , the race also landed some big-time surrogates . Vice President Joe Biden flew in to headline a fundraiser for Sink , and former President Bill Clinton recorded an automated call for the Democratic candidate . Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , a rock star among grassroots conservatives , recorded a robocall for Jolly , and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush starred in pro-Jolly TV commercial . But it was n't just politicians . Bob Barker , the longtime host of "  Price is Right , " starred in an ad for Jolly in December . And in another blast from the past , Jon "  Bowzer " Bauman from Sha-Na-Na fame campaigned for Sink . Bowzer to campaign for Democrat in Florida	Special election in Florida to replace longtime congressman who died in October Political pundits scrutinize race as bellwether for November midterms Republicans trying to tie election to Obamacare and approval of the President Democratic candidate making opponent 's lobbying background an issue
Transport authorities in New Delhi have cracked down on the car service Uber after a woman accused one of its drivers of raping her . The accused driver arrived at a New Delhi court Monday and was returned into custody for further questioning , police said . The city 's transport department announced Monday it was banning Uber services in the Indian capital , saying its investigation revealed the company was violating permit rules . "  They  Uber services  have been banned for the future , " New Delhi 's transport authority secretary Ranjana Deswal told CNN . Deswal said Uber was found to be operating local taxi services in the city , despite only having been granted national permits to ferry passengers between states . "  Their taxis on all-India permit have been ferrying customers point-to-point in Delhi in violation of the rules , " she said . In an official statement , the transport department said Uber had been "  blacklisted " from providing services in the future because of the alleged "  horrific crime " and permit violations . Uber has n't been officially notified of the ban and continues to operate , Karun Arya , a spokesman for the company , said Tuesday . New Delhi 's traffic police said , though , that they would be putting the ban into effect . "  We received the notification just last evening . It will be implemented , " said Muktesh Chander , the city 's special traffic commissioner . Any cab violating any permit rule or the ban can be impounded , he told CNN . Suspect in court The Uber driver accused of raping his passenger was arrested in Mathura -- about 150 kilometers  93 miles  southeast of New Delhi -- on Sunday , authorities said . The suspect , Shiv Kumar Yadav , arrived at a New Delhi court Monday and was placed into police custody for another three days for further questioning , said Madhur Verma , deputy commissioner of police for North Delhi . Investigators also questioned a senior Uber executive at a New Delhi police station , Verma added . Verma earlier said that when Yadav had registered as an Uber driver , he used his real name but an incorrect address . "  His address and background  were  unverified . He was not having  the mandatory  security badge which is given after police verification , " Verma said . Yadav was acquitted in a previous rape case in 2012 , he said . Uber said in a statement that it "  exclusively partners " with registered drivers who have been through the commercial licensing process and who have government identification and state-issued permits . Police are requesting more information from Uber as they try to determine "  what due diligence was taken before using this driver , " Verma said . Alleged assault The alleged victim is a 26-year-old employee of a finance company in Gurgaon , a New Delhi suburb , he said . After work Friday , she had dinner at a friend 's apartment before ordering an Uber car to take her home , Verma said . She dozed off in the automobile , she told police , according to Verma . When she woke up , the driver had parked the car on a "  deserted stretch , " where he assaulted her , Verma said , citing her complaint . The driver then dropped her off near her home , threatening her with violence if she told anyone what had happened , Indian Home Minister Rajnath Singh told parliament Monday . The victim called police at 1:30 a.m. Saturday , less than an hour after the attack . Background checks Uber Chief Executive Travis Kalanick said his company would work with the local government "  to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs . " But Verma disputed that assertion , saying that "  background checks are already part of our established practice . " Opinion : Uber , grow up , start by sacking your ` creep ' VP In its statement , Uber called the alleged assault an "  abhorrent crime " and said it had given police the driver 's name , photo , address and vehicle registration , along with details of the trip during which the assault allegedly occurred . "  Our thoughts remain with the victim who has shown tremendous courage under the circumstances , " the company said . "  We will continue to cooperate fully with law enforcement officials in their investigation to bring this crime to justice . " National campaigns The December 2012 gang rape and killing of a 23-year-old physiotherapy student in New Delhi put the spotlight on sexual assaults in the country of 1.25 billion people . Four of the six men involved in the attack were sentenced to death , and their cases are navigating the appeals process . The crime ignited campaigns to call attention to violent crime targeting women , and since then , rapes have made headlines all over the country , from the districts of Moradabad , Badaun , Bahraich , Kushinagar and Mumbai . In June , three brothers confessed to raping two teenage girls in Uttar Pradesh state . Police said at first that the suspects hanged their victims from a mango tree , but an investigation of their deaths concluded late last month that the girls committed suicide . One of the victim 's brothers has said he is skeptical of the investigation 's findings . Last week , video emerged of sisters Aarti and Pooja Kumar punching and thrashing three men with a belt while riding a bus in the northern state of Haryana . The sisters accused the men of harassing them and told CNN affiliate IBN they hoped the video of them fighting back would deter other attacks . "  Parents must teach their sons how to behave with women , " Aarti Kumar , 22 , told the station .	Uber says it has n't been notified of the ban and continues to operate The city 's traffic police say they will start implementing the ban on the car service The move follows the alleged rape of a woman by an Uber driver who is now in police custody The suspect in the case appeared in court Monday ; Uber has called the incident "  abhorrent "
CNN  -- 2014 marks an exciting new year for "  Downton Abbey " fans . The show 's fourth season kicks off on PBS on Sunday , and 1922 promises to be another scandal-filled time for the Crawley family and their busy staff . The season just ended in the UK , but now American fans will have their chance to get wrapped up in the latest drama brewing within those British walls . Season 3 brought us tragic deaths , new additions to the family and staff , and Shirley MacLaine . What will the next set of episodes hold ? Here are the five things we are looking forward to over the next eight weeks : 1 . How will Lady Mary move on from tragedy ? Season 3 ended with a bang . Hours after Lady Mary gave birth to a son , her husband , Matthew , was killed in a car crash . Season 4 picks up six months after the accident , and we will find out how the eldest of the Crawley siblings is handling life as a widowed mother . Is she still in mourning or working to find the perfect suitor ? Mary 's biggest plight in the series has been her search for the right man , and now she 's got to consider picking it up again , this time with a small piece of baggage . Perhaps she will devote all her time and energy to her new son . Or will she resent the child as a constant reminder of her lost love ? Matthew was in the midst of making changes at Downton to help the Abbey regain its financial footing , and now his wife must take on those duties . Our guess is , the warmth brought out by Matthew has since frozen over . Expect to see the cold , emotionally closed-off Mary we knew so well at the beginning of the series . Also , we will almost certainly see Mary don nothing but black . She is in mourning , after all . 2 . Diversity at Downton ! That 's right , after three seasons , we will finally see a person of color on the show ! Downton has never been known for its diversity , but viewers know social change is on the horizon . It was only a matter of time before it creeps into those hallowed halls . While Diddy 's casting may have been nothing more than a Funny or Die joke , season 4 will in fact include the show 's first recurring black character . Gary Carr has been cast as a charismatic jazz singer and will hopefully give us a glimpse into the characters ' feelings about the changing face of race in the 1920s . With Cousin Rose 's penchant for jazz clubs revealed in the finale , it 's a safe bet the two will cross paths this season . 3 . Will this be the last we see of Cousin Isobel ? With Matthew gone , what does that mean for his dear mother ? Isobel has played a major part in the series since her son 's introduction in season 1 . Now that we must get used to life without Matthew , how much longer will we get to spend with the family he brought with him ? Fans will surely get a glimpse into Isobel 's grieving period since the huge loss . It will be interesting to see whether she remains a lead character on the series with only a grandson connecting her to Downton . With Mary inevitably trapped in a state of depression , perhaps it will be Isobel who comes to her rescue and helps raise the newborn heir . 4 . How much time will we have to spend with Cousin Rose ? Viewers were introduced to Lady Rose at the tail end of season 3 , and the rebellious teen did n't make the best impression . She had been invited to stay at Downton while her parents travel to India . If the previews are anything to go by , we 're going to see much more of the troublemaker in coming episodes . With a dark cloud still hanging over the Abbey after the shocking deaths of both Matthew and Lady Sybil , Rose might provide a much-needed bright spot to the house . 5 . What 's next for Downton 's downstairs ? Season 3 wrapped with most of Downton 's downstairs players riding cloud nine . Bates and Anna have become the show 's most loving pair since the former 's release from prison . Daisy , Alfred and Ivy became involved in an innocent love triangle . Even the conniving Thomas made peace with those he 's wronged . The finale gave the staff a chance to get out of their uniforms and spend some time bonding in the sun . Expect some major changes within the hard-working team in the new season . A major player will be taking time away from Downton , making room for a few shakeups . Since Branson 's been living as a widower for nearly two years , the former chauffeur may have to pay special attention to the latest addition . And with Molesley now jobless , Matthew 's former butler and valet will be in search of new work . Did we mention fans can expect both special guest star Paul Giamatti and another helping of Shirley MacLaine in the roles of Harold Levinson and his mother , Martha ? There 's nothing we look forward to more than one-liner standoffs between Martha and the Dowager Countess . There 's never a dull moment at Downton !	"  Downton Abbey " is back for a new season on Sunday Expect grief and some cast additions Shirley MacLaine will return as Martha Levinson
CNN  -- Attorney General Eric Holder announced last week that the Justice Department 's civil rights investigation of Cleveland 's police department found that it engaged in a "  pattern or practice " of unreasonable and unnecessary use of force . Coming on the heels of the death of 12-year-old Tamir Rice , who was shot and killed by a Cleveland police officer , many have wondered if this conclusion and damning report proves anything about Rice 's death . Not directly . But this report does n't exactly help the public 's perception of the Cleveland police , either . To many , the involvement of the federal government in investigating the killings of Rice , Michael Brown , and Eric Garner are a welcome event . After all , federal law enforcement does not have the intimate working relationship that local state investigators likely have with the police force -- a relationship that could compromise an internal investigation . The federal government is designed as a limited government . There is supposed to be no general federal "  police power " -- that is , no right of the federal government to regulate for the health , safety , or general welfare of the citizenry . The reality is , legislation and court decisions over the past century have gradually expanded the federal government 's control and review of local activities . In these cases , authority to review the practices of law enforcement agencies potentially violating federal rights comes from the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 . And the DOJ is increasingly vigilant in enforcing these laws . In just the last five years , the Civil Rights Division initiated more than 20 investigations of police departments , which it claims is more than twice as many investigations than were opened in the previous five fiscal years . It would seem that the modern DOJ has made civil rights a priority . The Cleveland police said in a statement they 've begun remedial measures and "  much more work is needed . " The Cleveland report itself is almost chilling in its detailed narration of specific instances of excessive police force . But that 's not all : The reported procedures , policies , and tactics are also equally as concerning . Among the findings : 1 . ` Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice ... ' Would you be surprised to learn that the DOJ previously investigated the CDP in 2002 and found similar deficiencies ? How about the fact that in 2004 , the Justice Department and CDP entered into an agreement to correct these problems , including revising its use of force policy and establishing new procedures for -- you guessed it -- reviewing officer-involved shootings . However , that prior agreement was not enforced by a court and had no independent monitor . Here 's where the DOJ appears to engage in some subtle CYA , when it writes that in 2005 , "  we found that Cleveland had abided by that agreement and it was terminated . " In the next sentence , the DOJ adds : "  It is clear , however , that despite these measures , many of the policy and practice reforms  from the  2004 memorandum agreement were either not fully implemented or ... not maintained over time . " So was the Cleveland force compliant in 2005 ? Or did the CDP just Jedi-mind-trick the Justice Department about the force , and convince DOJ to move along ? 2 . ` Beyond a reasonable doubt ' is not a two-way street Apparently investigators in CDP 's Internal Affairs Unit only find violations of division policy if the evidence against the officer proves misconduct beyond a reasonable doubt . According to the Justice Department , this is an unreasonably high standard reserved for criminal prosecutions and inappropriate for internal police investigations . Not surprisingly , discipline is comparatively rare at the CDP . Only a small fraction of officers were disciplined in connection with a use of force incident over more than a three year period . The Cleveland Plain Dealer analyzed similar CDP force data in 2007 , finding that out of 4,427 uses of force over four years , supervisors justified the force in 100 % of those cases . 3 . It 's the little things ... This is a minor detail , but a potentially divisive one . The DOJ observed a sign hanging in a district station identifying it as a "  forward operating base , " which is a military term for an outpost in a war zone . People sympathetic to law enforcement might say "  no big deal -- that 's part of police culture . " To other members of the community and to the Justice Department , this is disturbing evidence of police culture : that CDP is more of an occupying army than a community partner . 4 . What documents ? Were this not such a serious matter , the DOJ would LOL at CDP 's document retention and production . The Cleveland department failed to produce deadly force investigations that occurred after April of 2013 . CDP failed for some time to produce certain 2012 use of less lethal force reports . CDP failed to provide dozens of additional Internal Affairs investigations . It failed to provide final dispositions for every civilian complaint , including complaints filed two years ago . It failed to provide Taser firing histories . Should I go on ? If document-shredding Enron were still around today , even they would say of CDP 's document retention policy : "  Come on , guys . Get it together . " 5 . Basic mistakes and failures The report found tactical errors and a failure to follow basic , generally accepted techniques for responding to an armed suspect . In one such case in 2011 , officers failed to control the scene , failed to designate locations from which officers could seek cover and contain the threat , failed to use a negotiator , and grouped together with little or no cover . Look for critics to point to these findings as support for the proposition that the CDP 's response to the Rice call was bungled . These are just a sampling of the findings by the Justice Department . The actual report contains other procedural concerns and is worth a long read . DOJ and Cleveland have now committed to developing a consent decree . This time , it will include an independent monitor and be court-enforceable . In the past several months citizens have repeatedly demanded , and expected , the intervention of federal law enforcement in these alleged cases of excessive force . This shows how embedded the idea of federal review is among the public . But the Constitution never provided for the federal government to review local police practices -- that jurisdiction was created by Congress , and really not that long ago . If not for that legislation , the police would ultimately only be policed ... by the police .	Justice Dept. found a pattern of unnecessary use of force by Cleveland cops Danny Cevallos : Report reveals that these concerns were longstanding In 2004 , Justice Dept. and CDP agreed to correct problems , but little was changed , he says Cevallos : Report damages perception of CDP as it deals with controversial killing of 12-year-old
Washington  CNN  -- On Tuesday , more than 42 years after Air Force Chief Master Sgt. Richard L. Etchberger died on a Laotian mountaintop , President Obama will award him the Medal of Honor , the military 's highest award for bravery . But for decades even Etchberger 's own children did n't know about his heroism . Cory Etchberger was in third grade in 1968 , when he was told that his father had died in a helicopter accident in Southeast Asia . At age 29 he learned the truth , when the U.S. Air Force declassified his father 's story . "  I was stunned , " he told CNN during a visit to his hometown of Hamburg , Pennsylvania . During the Vietnam War , U.S. troops were n't supposed to be in neutral Laos , so Richard Etchberger and a handful of colleagues shed their uniforms and posed as civilians to run a top-secret radar installation high on a Laotian cliff . Called Lima Site 85 , it guided U.S. bombers to sites in North Vietnam and parts of Laos under communist control . The North Vietnamese wanted to eliminate the installation , and early on the morning of March 11 , 1968 , its soldiers succeeded in scaling the 3,000-foot precipice and launching an attack . Timothy Castle , of the CIA 's Center for the Study of Intelligence , wrote the book "  One Day Too Long : Top Secret Site 85 and the Bombing of North Vietnam . " He calls Etchberger "  a hero . " Castle said Etchberger , a technician , picked up an M16 rifle , which he barely knew how to use , and ferociously protected his colleagues . One of them was Stanley Sliz . "  I got hit in both legs , " Sliz remembered , "  and everybody was screaming and hollering , but they were n't able to get close because of Etch firing at them . " John Daniel still has scars from the shrapnel wounds he got that day . "  He was the only one that did n't get injured in the firefight , " he recalled . "  They kept throwing grenades and shooting , and we kept picking up hand grenades and throwing them , or kicking them to the other side of the mountain . " When a helicopter flown by CIA-affiliated Air America arrived to evacuate them , Etchberger braved enemy fire to load three wounded comrades , including Daniel and Sliz , onto hoists . "  Thank God for Dick Etchberger . If it was n't for him , I would not be alive today , " Daniel told CNN . Etchberger made it onto the chopper unwounded . But as it began to pull away , enemy shots rang out . Sliz said he saw a splotch of red , and realized the man who had saved his life had lost his own . One round had hit Etchberger and killed him . "  I live it every day , " said Sliz . "  I live it every day . It haunts me . " Shortly after Etchberger 's death , he was secretly awarded the Air Force Cross for bravery . He was recommended for the Medal of Honor , but then-President Lyndon Johnson rejected the idea , fearing it would expose the U.S. military 's activities in Laos . In his hometown of Hamburg , American flags fly from the light poles and men congregate on the steps of the Veterans of Foreign Wars . Since Etchberger 's story became public , a memorial has been erected commemorating his heroism , and his name is proudly displayed on the town 's sign . But now there is an addition : a hand-drawn banner reading "  Medal of Honor winner . " Though the battle of Lima Site 85 took place more than four decades ago , Castle believes it is important to recognize the heroism of the men who were there . "  We have these extraordinary folks in the U.S. military who are willing to accept these types of missions and to go to these very remote places in very dangerous conditions , " he said . "  The men that went to Site 85 had every reason to believe that no one in the public would ever know anything about what they were doing or what they had done , but they went anyway . " Etchberger 's three sons will be at the White House Medal of Honor ceremony Tuesday . So will John Daniel , whose life he saved . "  There might be some tears there . Carpet in that White House may be wet . But we 'll make it , " said Daniel . But Castle noted that the full story of Lima Site 85 still is n't known . Ten technicians who were on the Laotian mountaintop with Etchberger , Daniel , and Sliz that March morning in 1968 have never been accounted for . CNN 's Jim Spellman , Sara Weisfeldt and Floyd Yarmuth contributed to this report .	Richard Etchberger to be awarded the military 's highest award for bravery He was posted in Laos during the Vietnam War Etchberger is credited with saving the lives of three wounded comrades He was shot and killed after he saved his fellow airmen
German software maker SAP 's boss says the company is not preparing for a "  Grexit " because it expects the crisis-hit eurozone to hold itself together . Co-chief executive Jim Hagemann Snabe told CNN he did not expect Greece to exit the common currency -- a scenario which has been dubbed the "  Grexit . " He said : "  I see there is a strong political will to solve the situation around the euro . " Greece is a "  special situation , " Snabe said . He added : "  We do n't have a large portion of our revenue in Greece ... I think the Greek situation can be isolated . " Snabe said SAP -- one of the biggest makers of business software in the world -- is well-placed despite the ongoing debt crisis in the eurozone . He said : "  We 've seen double-digit growth for 11 quarters because we have the software that helps companies maneuver in this economic environment . " However , Snabe added , "  no company is immune to the eurozone crisis . "	SAP does not have an emergency plan for a "  Grexit , " boss says Co-chief executive Jim Hagemann Snabe expects the eurozone to remain together Snabe believes the Greek crisis can be isolated However , he says no company is immune from the crisis
CNN  -- The nominations for the 67th Golden Globes are listed below , with winners italicized in bold and asterisked : Best motion picture -- drama : "  Avatar " * "  The Hurt Locker " "  Inglourious Basterds " "  Precious : Based on the novel ` Push ' by Sapphire " "  Up in the Air " Best motion picture -- comedy or musical : "  500  Days of Summer " "  The Hangover " * "  It 's Complicated " "  Julie & Julia " "  Nine " Best performance by an actress in a motion picture -- drama : Emily Blunt , "  The Young Victoria " Sandra Bullock , "  The Blind Side " * Helen Mirren , "  The Last Station " Carey Mulligan , "  An Education " Gabourey Sidibe , "  Precious : Based on the novel ` Push ' by Sapphire " Best performance by an actor in a motion picture -- drama : Jeff Bridges , "  Crazy Heart " * George Clooney , "  Up in the Air " Colin Firth , "  A Single Man " Morgan Freeman , "  Invictus " Tobey Maguire , "  Brothers " Best performance by an actress in a motion picture -- comedy or musical : Sandra Bullock , "  The Proposal " Marion Cotillard , "  Nine " Julia Roberts , "  Duplicity " Meryl Streep , "  It 's Complicated " Meryl Streep , "  Julie & Julia " * Best performance by an actor in a motion picture -- comedy or musical : Matt Damon , "  The Informant ! " Daniel Day-Lewis , "  Nine " Robert Downey Jr. , "  Sherlock Holmes " * Joseph Gordon-Levitt , "  500  Days of Summer " Michael Stuhlbarg , "  A Serious Man " Best animated feature film : "  Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs " "  Coraline " "  Fantastic Mr. Fox " "  The Princess and the Frog " "  Up " * Best foreign language film : "  Baaria "  Italy "  Broken Embraces "  Spain "  The Maid "  Chile "  A Prophet "  France "  The White Ribbon "  Germany  * Best performance by an actress in a supporting role in a motion picture : Penelope Cruz , "  Nine " Vera Farmiga , "  Up in the Air " Anna Kendrick , "  Up in the Air " Mo'Nique , "  Precious : Based on the Novel ` Push ' by Sapphire " * Julianne Moore , "  A Single Man " Best performance by an actor in a supporting role in a motion picture : Matt Damon , "  Invictus " Woody Harrelson , "  The Messenger " Christopher Plummer , "  The Last Station " Stanley Tucci , "  The Lovely Bones " Christoph Waltz , "  Inglourious Basterds " * Best director -- motion picture : Kathryn Bigelow , "  The Hurt Locker " James Cameron , "  Avatar " * Clint Eastwood , "  Invictus " Jason Reitman , "  Up in the Air " Quentin Tarantino , "  Inglourious Basterds " Best screenplay -- motion picture : Neill Blomkamp , Terri Tatchell , "  District 9 " Mark Boal , "  The Hurt Locker " Nancy Meyers , "  It 's Complicated " Jason Reitman , Sheldon Turner , "  Up in the Air " * Quentin Tarantino , "  Inglourious Basterds " Best original score -- motion picture : Michael Giacchino , "  Up " * Marvin Hamlisch , "  The Informant ! " James Horner , "  Avatar " Abel Korzeniowski , "  A Single Man " Karen O , Carter Burwell , "  Where the Wild Things Are " Best original song -- motion picture : "  Cinema Italiano " -- "  Nine " "  I Want to Come Home " -- "  Everybody 's Fine " "  I See You " -- "  Avatar " "  The Weary Kind  Theme from "  Crazy Heart "  -- "  Crazy Heart " * "  Winter " -- "  Brothers " Best television series -- drama : "  Big Love " "  Dexter " "  House " "  Mad Men " * "  True Blood " Best performance by an actress in a television series -- drama : Glenn Close , "  Damages " January Jones , "  Mad Men " Julianna Marguiles , "  The Good Wife " * Anna Paquin , "  True Blood " Kyra Sedgwick , "  The Closer " Best performance by an actor in a television series -- drama : Simon Baker , "  The Mentalist " Michael C. Hall , "  Dexter " * Jon Hamm , "  Mad Men " Hugh Laurie , "  House " Bill Paxton , "  Big Love " Best television series -- comedy or musical : "  30 Rock " "  Entourage " "  Glee " * "  Modern Family " "  The Office " Best performance by an actress in a television series -- comedy or musical : Toni Collette , "  United States of Tara " * Courteney Cox , "  Cougar Town " Edie Falco , "  Nurse Jackie " Tina Fey , "  30 Rock " Lea Michele , "  Glee " Best performance by an actor in a television series -- comedy or musical : Alec Baldwin , "  30 Rock " * Steve Carell , "  The Office " David Duchovny , "  Californication " Thomas Jane , "  Hung " Matthew Morrison , "  Glee " Best miniseries or motion picture made for television : "  Georgia O'Keeffe " "  Grey Gardens " * "  Into the Storm " "  Little Dorrit " "  Taking Chance " Best performance by an actress in a miniseries or motion picture made for television : Joan Allen , "  Georgia O'Keeffe " Drew Barrymore , "  Grey Gardens " * Jessica Lange , "  Grey Gardens " Anna Paquin , "  The Courageous Heart of Irena Sendler " Sigourney Weaver , "  Prayers for Bobby " Best performance by an actor in a miniseries or motion picture made for television : Kevin Bacon , "  Taking Chance " * Kenneth Branagh , "  Wallander : One Step Behind " Chiwetel Ejiofor , "  Endgame " Brendan Gleeson , "  Into the Storm " Jeremy Irons , "  Georgia O'Keeffe " Best performance by an actress in a supporting role in a series , miniseries or motion picture made for television : Jane Adams , "  Hung " Rose Byrne , "  Damages " Jane Lynch , "  Glee " Janet McTeer , "  Into the Storm " Chloe Sevigny , "  Big Love " * Best performance by an actor in a supporting role in a series , miniseries or motion picture made for television : Michael Emerson , "  Lost " Neil Patrick Harris , "  How I Met Your Mother " William Hurt , "  Damages " John Lithgow , "  Dexter " * Jeremy Piven , "  Entourage "	Jason Reitman 's "  Up in the Air " got six nominations , only won one There were many first-time winners , including Mo'Nique and Drew Barrymore Breakout hit television series "  Glee " won best television series , comedy or musical Meryl Streep took home her seventh Golden Globe for "  Julie & Julia "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The man who authorities allege carried out the 2001 anthrax mailings that killed five people sent himself an e-mail saying he knew the attacker 's identity , according to court documents released Wednesday . Former biodefense researcher Bruce Ivins killed himself in July , authorities say . Bruce Ivins , who authorities say killed himself in July as the Justice Department prepared to charge him in the anthrax case , is alleged to have sent the e-mail to himself last September . An FBI agent quotes the message in an affidavit accompanying applications for search warrants for Ivins ' e-mail accounts . "  Yes ! Yes ! Yes !!!!!!! I finally know who mailed the anthrax letters in the fall of 2001 . I 've pieced it together ! Now we can finally get this over and done with , " the e-mail reads . In it , the former biodefense researcher says he plans on turning information over to his lawyer and that his lawyer would then give it to authorities . The e-mail does not say who Ivins believed was responsible . "  I 'm not looking forward to everybody getting dragged through the mud , but at least it will be over , " the e-mail reads . "  Finally ! I should have it TOTALLY nailed down within the month . I should have been a private eye !!!! " The documents -- which the Justice Department says are the last Ivins-related search warrants that had yet to be released to the public -- also contain new details about allegations that Ivins wanted to kill his co-workers . The details are in an account of a July 9 group therapy session during which Ivins allegedly said he was a suspect in the anthrax investigation . According to an FBI agent 's account , Ivins was "  angry at the investigators , the government , and the system in general . " "  He said he was not going to face the death penalty , but instead had a plan to kill co-workers and other individuals who wronged him , " the account reads . "  He said he had a bullet-proof vest , and a list of co-workers , and added he was going to obtain a Glock firearm from his son within the next day , because federal agents are watching him and he could not obtain a weapon on his own . " The FBI agent also alleges that Ivins said during the session that he had walked around the "  ghetto " areas of Frederick , Maryland , near his home , late at night "  hoping that someone would try to hurt him so that he could stab them with a sharp pen . " That description is similar to something Ivins allegedly wrote on YouTube referencing a winner of the television game show "  The Mole . " Authorities said Ivins ' YouTube message read : "  The least someone could do would be to take a sharp ballpoint pin or letter opener and put her eyes out , to complete the task of making her a true mole ! " General details of the therapy session have previously been reported . After the meeting , social worker Jean Duley contacted authorities and Ivins was taken into custody . He was released after being evaluated at two hospitals . Notes allegedly written by Ivins at the time of his hospitalization were found in the trash at his home after his death . According to the FBI , he wrote about the stresses in his life and the possibility of facing prison time . Ivins ' attorney , Paul Kemp , maintains Ivins did n't carry out the attacks and says the new documents prove nothing . "  There is simply nothing new here , nothing that is proof against Dr. Ivins , " Kemp said Wednesday . The anthrax probe continues , Justice Department spokesman Dean Boyd said . "  We are working to close the investigation soon , " Boyd said , adding that "  investigative efforts " and "  administrative measures " need to be finished . The anthrax attacks occurred less than a month after the September 11 , 2001 , suicide attacks that killed nearly 3,000 people in New York , Washington and Pennsylvania . Letters filled with bacterial spores were sent to Senate Democratic leaders and news organizations . Those who died were Washington postal workers , a New York hospital worker , a supermarket tabloid photo editor in Florida and a 94-year-old woman in Connecticut . Scientists from inside and outside the FBI said they traced a strain of anthrax from the envelopes and victims to a batch of anthrax in Ivins ' lab at the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute in Fort Detrick , Maryland .	"  I finally know who mailed the anthrax letters , " Bruce Ivins allegedly wrote to himself Court documents reveal more details about allegations he threatened co-workers Ivins ' attorney : Documents prove nothing Authorities say Ivins mailed anthrax letters that killed five people in 2001
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A distraught , sobbing Afghan Taliban member begged the court for mercy , but got none as an unmoved federal judge here Monday handed down maximum life sentences for convictions on drug trafficking and narco-terrorism charges . A guard watches over a pile of burning drugs in Kabul , Afghanistan , on June 25 , 2008 . Khan Mohammed , 38 , of Nangarhar Province became the first person convicted and sentenced in the United States under a 2006 law that increased the penalty for a defendant found to be involved with terrorism and distributing illegal drugs . Mohammed , who had been extradited from Afghanistan , was convicted by a jury in May of plotting a rocket attack on U.S. military forces and Afghan civilians at Jalalabad Airfield . He also was found guilty of distributing between $ 1 million and $ 3 million worth of heroin into the United States "  to kill Americans as part of a jihad . " Mohammed 's court-appointed lawyer , conceding that "  what he did was wrong , " urged U.S. District Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly to be lenient and sentence his client to only 20 years in prison . Then the full-bearded Mohammed , dressed in an orange jailhouse jumpsuit , addressed the judge . With tears streaming down his face , and choking back his words , he begged for only one or two years . "  I have little children and a woman . They depend on me , " Mohammed began . "  I 'm so worried about them . " His lengthy emotional appeal went on to include his reason for selling opium . "  In my village that 's how you have to make a living . There is no house there without opium , " he said . Justice Department prosecutor Matthew Stiglitz , however , urged the court to "  send a message of deterrence , " and warned against "  the confluence of drug trafficking and terrorism . " "  No , he 's not the Osama bin Laden of terrorism . No , he 's not the Pablo Escobar of the drug world , " Stiglitz told the judge . "  But this is where the rubber meets the road . " Bin Laden is the head of al Qaeda , while Escobar , who died in 1993 , was the most powerful of Colombian drug lords . "  Afghanistan is ground zero for opium , and an almost limitless source of funds to the Taliban , " he argued . Kollar-Kotelly agreed fully with the prosecutors , and strongly admonished the Taliban defendant . "  You were convicted 99 percent by your own words , " the judge declared , as she recalled how a "  courageous " Afghan police chief wore an undercover wire to record Mohammed 's plotting . "  The fact that no one died is only because you did n't get the missiles you wanted , " she said . "  In 2006 , you celebrated the Americans ' use of the opium . It was a jihad . You knew the damage it could cause , " the judge continued . "  Because of your undiluted hatred for the United States , you might well have launched other attacks had you not been arrested . " She added , "  Terrorists stand unique among criminals . Deterrence is very important here . " Then , concluding dramatically , the judge turned directly to the defendant . "  I heard your concerns for your family but no acceptance of responsibility for your action , " the judge said . "  Defendants often express worry for their families , but if they considered the consequences of their actions beforehand , maybe they would have acted differently . "	Khan Mohammed convicted of plotting rocket attack , selling heroin Mohammed the first convicted under law increasing penalties for "  narco-terrorists " Citing his family , Mohammed cries and pleads with judge to have mercy Judge says Mohammed had "  undiluted hatred for the United States "
CNN  Longtime New York City radio and television personality Joe Franklin has died . He was 88 . "  Joe went unexpectedly and passed away Saturday night , " friend and former producer Steve Garrin said . Franklin was a fixture on late-night radio and TV in New York , working at WJZ and WOR , and recently at the Bloomberg Radio Network . "  The last two weeks were the first time he ever missed a broadcast in over 60 years " Garrin said . Though he never broke onto the national scene , Franklin was "  in many ways , the pioneer of the modern TV talk show format , " according to his website , which says he interviewed more than 300,000 guests . The likes of Woody Allen , Dustin Hoffman , Barbra Streisand , Bill Cosby and Liza Minnelli got early exposure on his show . He also interviewed offbeat characters who would give "  The Joe Franklin Show " a "  great uniqueness . On any given night you might find a world renown artist sitting next to a balloon folder from New Jersey , " his website says . He was remembered as a "  NYC legend " and "  radio and TV icon who was the spirit of a hard-working New Yorker " by fans on Twitter . Others said that his "  accidental absurdism was like an Ionesco play every night " and that "  Joe Franklin was every New Yorker 's oddball , congenial neighbor . " People we 've lost in 2015 Franklin , who was often parodied on "  Saturday Night Live " by Billy Crystal , also played himself in such films as "  Manhattan , " "  Ghostbusters " and "  Broadway Danny Rose . " He was an avid collector of entertainment nostalgia . His website says he had more than 50,000 movie stills , 170,000 magazines , 20,000 playbills and 200,000 pieces of sheet music . Photographs show a lot of his collection crammed into his office . Actress Martha Plimpton tweeted : "  All the best things about New York are going away . RIP Joe Franklin . " And a tweet from Actor Harvey Fierstein read : "  Joe Franklin gone !!!! Damn ! He gave me my first TV exposure and I certainly was n't alone in that . " That sentiment may be his enduring legacy , as comedy writer Chris Regan tweeted : "  Before YouTube , Twitter , etc. , the ambitious-but-not-necessarily-talented had few options . Places like The Joe Franklin Show gave them voice . " CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Franklin was a fixture on New York radio and TV for more than 60 years He also played himself in films like "  Manhattan , " "  Ghostbusters " and "  Broadway Danny Rose "
CNN  -- Actress Gina Gershon is demanding a retraction from Vanity Fair after the magazine reported "  high-end Hollywood dinner-party gossip " that former President Clinton "  has been seen visiting " her in California . Actress Gina Gershon "  is extremely offended " by the Vanity Fair article , her lawyers say . The lengthy article by the magazine 's national editor , Todd Purdum , mentioned the actress along with several other women rumored to be associated with Clinton , all anonymously sourced . "  Todd Purdum 's insinuation is a lie , and it is irresponsible journalism , " said Gershon 's publicist , Mara Buxbaum . "  We are demanding a retraction . " A letter sent by Gershon 's attorneys to Vanity Fair editor-in-chief Graydon Carter , obtained by CNN , demanded a published correction and retraction and threatened possible litigation for defamation . The actress appeared in 1995 's "  Showgirls " and the more recent "  P.S. I Love You . " Gershon "  is extremely offended by the false and defamatory inference that she engaged in an adulterous relationship with the President , " the letter says , adding that the actress has been in the same room with Clinton three times , always in the presence of at least a dozen people . "  It is apparent that Vanity Fair was intent upon publishing unsubstantiated rumors , and that it avoided learning the true facts so that the truth would not get in the way , " the letter says . "  Such conduct is reckless and malicious , giving rise to substantial liability for defamation . " In a statement , Vanity Fair denied that the article indicates any "  improper relationship " between Clinton and Gershon . "  The story merely examines the concerns of some of Clinton 's aides about reports of his behavior , " the magazine said . "  We do n't believe that any correction is warranted . " Purdum 's article , "  The Comeback Id , " quoted multiple anonymous sources questioning the former president 's behavior since leaving the White House . The article suggested that Clinton 's personality had changed since his 2004 heart bypass surgery and said there were reports of Clinton "  seeing a lot of women on the road . " Clinton issued a tirade against Purdum on Monday when asked by Huffington Post writer Mayhill Fowler what he thought of "  the hatchet job somebody did on you in Vanity Fair , " according to a recording of the exchange posted on the Huffington Post 's Web site . " -LSB- He 's -RSB- sleazy , " Clinton responded . "  He 's a really dishonest reporter . " Clinton said that he had not read the article but that he was told that "  there 's five or six just blatant lies in there . But he 's a real slimy guy . " Calling Purdum a "  scumbag , " Clinton said "  he 's one of the guys that propagated all those lies about Whitewater for Kenneth Starr . He 's just a dishonest guy -- ca n't help it . " Purdum "  did n't use a single name , he did n't cite a single source in all those things he said , " the former president said , adding that the article was "  part of the national media 's attempt to nail Hillary for Obama . "  Anytime you read a story that slimes a public figure with anonymous quotes , it ought to make the bells go off in your head , " he said . Jay Carson , a spokesman for Hillary Clinton 's campaign , said late Monday that "  President Clinton was understandably upset about an outrageously unfair article , but the language today was inappropriate , and he wishes he had not used it . " Purdum , a former New York Times reporter who covered the Clinton White House and is married to former Clinton press secretary Dee Dee Myers , defended his article on CNN 's "  The Situation Room " on Monday afternoon , saying he was "  very careful to say there is no clear-cut evidence that President Clinton has done anything improper . " "  I reject the notion that I 'm making an insinuation , " Purdum said . "  But I 'm very comfortable quoting the people I quote because I know who they are , and I know that they are very senior people who have known President Clinton for a very long time and work for him at very high levels . "	Gina Gershon accuses Vanity Fair reporter of "  irresponsible journalism , " lying Magazine stands by article and refuses to run a correction Former president called reporter "  a scumbag " but later apologized
CNN  -- A second consecutive round of 66 fired Paul Casey to the top of the Memorial Tournament leaderboard in Dublin , Ohio , Friday after overnight leader Rory McIlroy fell away . Casey shot six birdies and an eagle , which more than canceled out bogies on holes nine and 17 , to finish the day on 12-under-par . The Englishman now sits three shots ahead of Masters champion Bubba Watson going into the weekend . "  I had very good control of the irons today , " Casey told the PGA Tour website upon reaching the clubhouse . "  The driving was still good again but I was ecstatic with the way I played . There was a couple of mistakes in there . But that 's Muirfield Village . It 's a tricky golf course and you do n't need to do a lot wrong to make a mistake . " McIlroy had led by three strokes after Thursday 's stunning 63 but fell way back to tie for 24th position at the end of day thanks to second round 78 that included three bogeys and three double-bogeys . The 25-year-old Northern Irishman , who picked up the European PGA title at Wentworth last weekend , had complained of a knee problem after his first round but refused to blame injury for his poor showing . "  I felt it a little bit , but did n't really bother me too much , " he said . "  Hopefully that 's the bad run out of the way and I can play some good golf on the weekend and get myself back in with the shots , " he added . Elsewhere on the course , a 70 for Chris Kirk ensured he kept up the pressure on second-placed Watson , lying one shot back at eight-under-par . Japan 's Hideki Matsuyama , meanwhile , carded a five-under par round of 67 to tie for fourth with Martin Flores of the U.S. on seven-under-par . World No. 1 Adam Scott , who won the Colonial tournament last weekend , shot a solid second round of 70 to end the day tied for 10th position at five-under-par .	Paul Casey leads Memorial after second round of 66 Overnight leader Rory McIlroy fades badly during second round Bubba Watson finishes day in second position Top-ranked Adam Scott still in contention
CNN  -- As Congress wrestles with legislation aimed at easing the southern border crisis , the White House is considering steps President Barack Obama can take on his own to address an immigration system widely viewed as broken and in need of reform . One potential option for executive action includes expanding a program allowing those brought to the United States illegally as children to stay without fear of deportation , if they meet certain criteria , sources familiar with the matter told CNN . Other possible steps include granting some kind of legal status to the parents of U.S. citizens as well as allowing certain undocumented immigrants to apply for temporary work permits , the sources said . Central American leaders to Obama : We 're working on it "  There are so many ways they could cut this pie and define and protect a class " of undocumented immigrants , one source said . "  I think only now are they really trying to get into the details of what 's possible from a legal perspective , a policy perspective and also what 's possible from a political perspective . " More pressing , however , is how to respond to the current border troubles . Tens of thousands of migrant youth from Central America have streamed across the southern border this year , overwhelming related services and creating what most agree is a humanitarian crisis . Children at the border : Why now and what happens next ? In the House , Speaker John Boehner told reporters on Tuesday that he believed "  there is sufficient support " for the a $ 659 million measure aimed at bringing conservatives on board to pass a funding bill to address the matter . The new GOP plan is smaller than a roughly $ 1 billion package discussed last week , and significantly less than the $ 3.7 billion request sought by Obama . Congress is set to leave town at the end of the week for its August recess and some House Republicans are concerned about potential political fallout if they leave Washington without addressing the issue . But a group of conservatives remain dug in over cost . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid acknowledged Tuesday that Democrats could use the GOP border bill as a vehicle to add the Senate 's comprehensive immigration reform legislation from last summer , which would negate any need for Obama to act on immigration more broadly . Obama weighs sending National Guard to border But House and Senate GOP aides argued it would be almost impossible procedurally to marry the two bills . Boehner has made it clear the House will not take up the Senate measure . Due to congressional inaction on immigration reform in general , Obama had asked Attorney General Eric Holder and Homeland Secretary Security Jeh Johnson to look at steps he could take to "  fix as much of our immigration system as I can on my own . " In March , the administration announced Johnson would conduct a thorough review of the deportation process to find a more commonsense , humane approach to the practice . That review is now part of the discussions on what executive action the President may take . White House officials have indicated those actions could be significant and sweeping . "  The only question is what 's the political blowback going to be ? " said a one source . Immigrants or refugees ? A difference with political consequences	Obama wants options for dealing with problems on his own Congress has yet to pass comprehensive immigration reform Senate approved a bill last year , but House says it wo n't take it up Conservatives believe the Senate plan would offer amnesty to undocumented immigrants
CNN  -- American officials say there is strong evidence that Shiite militias in Iraq are using Iranian weapons to attack U.S. troops , comments that followed reports that Iraqi security forces began cracking down on the groups near Iran 's border . Materials found following recent attacks against U.S. troops "  have been traced back to Iranian origin , " an official told CNN . The claim supports the U.S. military position that the militias are backed by Iran , a charge Tehran has long denied . The material collected indicates the militias are using Iranian materials in "  Improvised Rocket-Assisted Munitions " attacks against U.S. forces , the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said Saturday . The official was not authorized to release the information to the media . The munitions , or IRAMS , are metal canisters packed with explosives and propelled by rockets . IRAMS along with armor-piercing grenades are believed responsible for the majority of U.S. deaths in recent months , the official said . The official acknowledged the weapons could have been assembled and manufactured elsewhere , but said IRAMS are a signature weapon of the militant group Kataib Hezbollah , which is "  funded by Iran and receives training there . " The news about the weapons arose as Iraqi security forces began a crackdown in the volatile Maysan province , a Shiite stronghold in southern Iraq that serves as one of the main arteries from Iran . The U.S. military has not been asked by the Iraqi government "  to provide any substantial assistance so far to the operations reported in Maysan province , " Army Maj. Gen. Jeffrey Buchanan , the top U.S. military spokesman in Iraq , told CNN . Iraq 's southern provinces make up the majority of the Shiite heartland , home to the holy cities of Karbala and Najaf . It is in this area where a majority of the Shiite militia attacks have been launched against U.S. troops , who operate from a number of bases in the region . "  While it is clear these militias receive training and weapons from Iran -- using them as proxies for Iran 's own agendas in the region -- we have no evidence of Iranian forces being directly engaged in the recent violence in Iraq , " Buchanan said in an email late Saturday . Buchanan said the United States is encouraged by the Iraqi operation , though the security in Iraq remains complex . While violence has dramatically fallen off since the height of sectarian violence that nearly tore the country apart , attacks and bombings remain a daily occurrence . The recent increase in attacks pushed June 's death toll to the highest this year for Iraqi security forces and civilians . More than 270 people , including 155 civilians , were killed in attacks , Iraqi authorities said . Fourteen U.S. soldiers were also killed in combat-related incidents in June , the largest loss of life among U.S. troops in Iraq since 2008 , according to CNN figures . The roughly 47,000 American troops in Iraq are due to withdraw by January 1 , 2012 , under a U.S.-Iraqi security pact , though Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki is consulting with lawmakers over whether to request troops stay beyond the deadline . The U.S. military has said the Shiite-militias -- Kataib Hezbollah , Asaib al Haq , and the Promise Day Brigade -- are using the bombings to try to take credit for driving American forces out of the country . "  If anything , these groups have proven to be resilient and we have no doubt they will continue to conduct violent attacks in the months ahead , " Buchanan said . He said Iraq 's best weapon against the violence was to continue targeting the groups . CNN 's Fattah Mahmood Fattah contributed to this report .	Materials found following recent attacks have been traced to Iran , official says Iraqi forces have begun cracking down on militias near Iran 's border U.S. military says it has not been asked to assist in the crackdown
CNN  Its famous Yellow Wall -- the largest free-standing grandstand in Europe , with a capacity of 25,000 -- has helped enable German football club Borussia Dortmund achieve the rare feat of transcending the relationship between a club and its fans . So special is this club that 3,000 of its own supporters dipped into their pockets as part of a crowdfunding exercise , started in 2013 , to help finance a new documentary based on one of Dortmund 's founding fathers . These Dortmund fans , along with sponsors , raised $ 250,000  $ 265,000  in the process -- the biggest sum at the time ever raised for a film through crowdfunding in Germany . "  This fan-club relationship is a legacy from our fathers , who made it clear that we have to engage and we have to fight for our club . It 's part of our story , " Marc Mauricius Quambusch , one of the film 's three creators , told CNN . One of those fathers , and seen as the most important , was Franz Jacobi , who in 1909 along with 17 others helped found the club -- and it is "  Am Borsigplatz geboren : Franz Jacobi und die Wiege des BVB "  "  Born at the Borsigsquare : Franz Jacobi and the cradle of BVB "  that tells his story . Founding fathers Mention Dortmund and images are conjured up of back-to-back German Bundesliga title wins in 2011 and 2012 , the Champions League triumph of 1997 or how it became the first German side to win a European competition with the Cup Winners ' Cup in 1966 . Without 21-year-old Jacobi and his disciples , however , none of that success may have ever materialized . For it was those brave 18 that gathered inside a pub called Wildschutz just off Dortmund 's Borsigplatz , with the aim of establishing their own football club in response to the Catholic Holy Trinity chaplain Hubert Dewald 's refusal to allow his youth group members the chance to kick a ball around . Jacobi and co. managed to resist Dewald 's overtures and so "  Ball Spiel Verein Borussia "  "  Ball Games Club Borussia "  was born . "  When we started making the film I was aware of our story but not so deeply , " Dortmund fan Quambusch says of a film inspired by a similar crowdfunding project dreamed up by Fortuna Dusseldorf supporters in 2012 . "  It 's so interesting -- one so deep and with so much drama . " "  It 's also a love story , it has everything you need , " Quambusch adds , referring to Jacobi having originally dragged his friends to the city as he was in love with the pub owner 's daughter , who he would later go on to marry . "  If you were to try to write something , it would be exactly the same story as this . " A legacy Jacobi 's DNA today still runs through the club that he helped to establish . Dortmund president from 1910 to 1923 , Jacobi laid the foundations of a club which prides itself on harboring a real sense of involvement and belonging for its supporters . Permitted to stay at home in Germany during World War I as he was the oldest son of the family and his father had died , Jacobi wrote postcards to those club members who were away fighting , while also helping to take care of their wives and children . Heinrich Unger , Dortmund 's maiden president and Jacobi 's best friend , was one of those fighting , and he would go on to write what turned out to be the club 's first ever song during his time in the trenches -- part of that song is still included in one of Dortmund 's official anthems , "  Wir Halten Fest Und Treu Zusammen "  "  We are standing together "  . "  This was the beginning of the so-called ` Borussia Family , ' where it was more than a club , " Quambusch says , recalling a term used by Jacobi . "  We have always been democratic and I think he always wanted the club members to have rights and votes , and to engage . I think Jacobi would be proud of the club today . " The Borussia Family Jacobi 's "  Borussia Family " is not a term used officially by the club and its supporters now , but its meaning continues to resonate . With Dortmund dangerously close to bankruptcy just a decade ago , fans came together to do all they could for their club , while as well as donating to fund the new film , supporters also contributed old photographs to help shed light on Jacobi 's story . "  I thought it was a great idea to make the film by our own people so I donated , " Dortmund fan Jorn Pansch , who also donated for his mother and brother , tells CNN . "  We 've had so many more new members in recent years and it 's great to bring them our history because what is the future without the past ? "  The film remembers many , many people , where we came from , which way we 've grown up -- it made me proud to be a part of it and it shows fans and supporters stand behind the club . " This relationship is no one-way street , though , with Dortmund in response offering up $ 50,000  $ 53,000  towards the project , while providing it with valuable exposure via its social-network sites . All the money raised from the film will go into social projects in Dortmund -- historically an industrial and working-class area -- where the club was founded . "  Today 's fan engagement has partly come about from all those years ago with Jacobi , but also because Borussia is located in a city that is very emotional when it comes to football , " Quambusch says . "  Borussia has always had fans that have traveled for the club and tried to struggle with the club officials and are engaged . It 's a typical Dortmund thing . " ESPN FC German correspondent and Dortmund fan Stephan Uersfeld adds : "  The core of the fans are very close still and the club as well is close to the fans . "  Everyone still has the feeling they can do stuff and actually change things at the club . " ` Struggle to survive ' Boasting the highest average attendance in the world , as well as the Yellow Wall , there are not many more awe-inspiring sights in football than the Westfalenstadion when Dortmund fans are in full voice . In an age when one bad performance from the likes of Barcelona or Real Madrid can bring with it a chorus of boos from its supporters , Dortmund fans have stood by their team for the most part this season , despite relegation from the Bundesliga having threatened a club that was German champion in 2012 . "  We always need to struggle to survive in different periods , and I think maybe that 's a legacy from Jacobi 's time , " Quambusch says of a club that was relegated in 1972 and narrowly escaped the same fate in 1986 . "  The ups and downs make the club more exciting , and there have been so many extreme emotions in every direction . "  I think it makes the good things much more enjoyable and wonderful because if you always win and are always top of the table it becomes boring . "  When you are a Dortmund supporter you never know what you are going to get . " Pride That sentiment most likely applied to Jacobi himself , whose body today lies buried in Dortmund following the club 's decision to move it into the area after originally being located 300 kilometers away in Salzgitter . Fifty-seven years after helping to form "  Ball Spiel Verein Borussia , " Jacobi found himself in Glasgow , having put aside his fear of flying aged 78 to watch his team beat Liverpool in the 1966 European Cup Winners ' Cup final . "  That was a very special moment for him -- he said it was a big moment for him and he was really proud , " Quambusch says of Jacobi , who died 13 years later at the age of 90 . "  If you 're planning a club 57 years ago , and 57 years later you are top of Europe and you are the first European cup winner in Germany , that must be a fantastic moment . " Born at the Borsigsquare : Franz Jacobi and the cradle of BVB is released in German cinemas and on DVD on March 15	New film about one of Borussia Dortmund 's founders , Franz Jacobi , set for release Film was funded by 3,000 Dortmund fans and sponsors , raising $ 265,000 Jacobi helped form the football club in 1909 along with 17 others
CNN  -- Former captain Imran Khan says Pakistan should not abandon their tour of England despite allegations that members of their national team were involved in a betting scam . Cricket legend Khan told CNN that he was "  shocked and embarrassed " by the scandal which has left preparations for the team 's upcoming one-day international series with England in disarray . "  The tour should definitely continue but if some players have indulged in wrongdoing or committed a crime they should be punished and sent back  home  and replaced . Can cricket survive in Pakistan ? "  But a tour should never be abandoned because this reflects as if the whole team is involved or the whole cricket structure , " added the former all-rounder who led Pakistan to World Cup triumph in 1992 . Khan appeared to have been greeted his wish when International Cricket Council  ICC  president Sharad Pawar appeared to rule out any immediate action against Pakistani players . "  We have discussed it within the ICC and have decided to wait for the police investigation report , " Pawar , an Indian cabinet minister , told AFP Monday . "  After that we have to take a viewpoint of the two boards , in this case the Pakistan Cricket Board and the England and Wales Cricket Board . "  If anything is established , it will be viewed very seriously by the two boards and the ICC . " Khan , who is at home in Pakistan helping with flood relief efforts , said the reports which surfaced Sunday in the British tabloid newspaper The News of the World had left people around him "  upset and demoralized . " The paper claimed it paid agent Mazhar Majeed $ 230,000 for advance information about three no-balls by bowlers Mohammad Aamer and Mohammad Asif in the fourth and final Test between Pakistan and England at Lord 's . It went on to further claim that the players colluded in the alleged betting coup . Khan added : "  There was a feeling of shock and embarrassment especially for Pakistanis living in Britain . "  I guess I went through all those sentiments , but I have to say these are still allegations which I hope turn out not to be true . " Khan , who has forged a political career since retiring from cricket , said he had never been approached by betting syndicates during his 21-year career , 10 of them as Pakistan captain . "  It seemed so impossible a team would throw a match , " he said . Meanwhile , betting expert Mark Davies told CNN that illegal bookmakers in Asia were behind such scandals and that calls to limit legal betting on cricket were wide of the mark . "  This is about transparency in betting of which there is none on the sub-continent , " he said . "  Ultimately , it 's about fraud and corruption and these people have no place in sport , " he added .	Imran Khan urges Pakistan to complete their England tour despite betting scam allegations Khan "  shocked " by reports players had deliberately bowled no-balls in Test series Former captain Khan says if allegations are true players should be severely punished NEW : ICC president Sharad Pawar says they will wait for police reports before acting
