CNN  -- Skim through the photos on Flickr or Photobucket , and you 'll find pictures of cats pawing at living-room sofas , children playing in backyards and mothers gardening at home . Dig a little deeper , and you can unearth the exact locations of many of those homes , embedded in data within the pictures . Images often contain a bundle of information and various traces left by digital cameras or photo manipulation software . This data , called Exchangeable Image File Format  EXIF  , is a key tool for many professionals . It can detail whether the photographer used a flash , which digital effects were applied to a picture and when the photo was taken . EXIF can also contain the precise GPS coordinates for where a photo was taken . This information is readily accessible and can be plugged into software such as Google Maps -- leading some security and photography experts to express concerns about amateurs unknowingly disclosing private information , such as the location of their home . "  What could go wrong with that ? " Roger Thompson , the chief research officer for digital security firm AVG , said sarcastically . Thomas Hawk , an active Flickr user and the former chief executive of competing photo site Zooomr , said EXIF is an important part of his archival process . But he has also used that data to track down someone who was harassing him online and managed to coerce an apology , he said . "  I do n't geotag any pictures to my house , " Hawk said on the phone last week . "  I think it 's a huge concern . I think a lot of people do n't realize or recognize what 's in all of the EXIF data that they 're publishing . " Most gadgets ignore the geotagging component of EXIF because relatively few cameras contain the GPS chips needed to tag them . However , many smartphones , such as those from Apple and Google 's Android system , let users employ this feature . Apple 's and Google 's systems ask each user once or a few times for permission to access their location in order to provide additional services . If they click "  OK " on that popup , every photo they take is tagged with GPS coordinates . Smartphones are fast becoming the camera of choice for many people . Cameras on newer phones have come to rival dedicated point-and-shoots , and many smartphone owners carry them just about everywhere . Smartphone sales have increased 50 percent since last year , according to a report by research firm Gartner . Millions of images are uploaded to Facebook using the company 's iPhone , Android and BlackBerry applications . The iPhone 3G is the most popular shooter among photographers on Yahoo 's Flickr website , according to a report on that site . Judging by the abundance of pictures in Flickr 's database that include geolocation data in the EXIF , some smartphone owners are n't thinking twice about opting into their devices ' GPS feature . Doing so can facilitate useful tools . For example , software like iPhoto and Picasa can group images by location and display them on a map . But amateur photographers may not realize that this info stays with the image when it 's uploaded to Flickr , Photobucket , Picasa Web Albums and some other photo-sharing services .  Facebook says it strips the EXIF data from all photos to protect its users ' privacy . Pictures uploaded to Photobucket by one woman show her children preparing lunch and bathing in a kitchen sink . The location data , which is displayed directly on each photo 's webpage , can be inputted into Google Maps to find a satellite image of her rural home in Edmond , Oklahoma . The woman could n't be reached for comment . "  We added EXIF data a few years ago at the request of our users , " Rob Newton , a spokesman for Photobucket , wrote in an e-mail . "  To date , we have not received any complaints from users who were previously unaware of the GPS tagging feature . " Displaying the GPS coordinates on the page can be disabled in a user 's settings panel , Newton noted . However , anyone could still download the original file using a link on Photobucket and view the location info in Adobe 's Photoshop or in software included with every new Mac and Windows 7 computer . Flickr 's and Picasa 's pages do n't show the coordinates by default . But the services similarly offer links to access the original files , which can contain EXIF . "  Having the ability to download the original version of photos on Flickr is an important feature for our members , " a Flickr spokeswoman wrote . "  However , we help people maintain their privacy by stripping the EXIF data of an image from view on the site and making the default control option to keep this information private . " Users who do n't want their photos tagged with GPS data can either disable the option on their cameras or run the images through software , such as Photoshop , that can remove the EXIF . "  We realize not everyone wants to share this information with others , " a Google spokeswoman wrote in an e-mail . She notes how to disable GPS tagging , but added : "  This is a popular Picasa feature that many people find useful . " Some photo services , including Facebook , TwitPic and Yfrog , strip EXIF once a file is uploaded and do n't offer a way for users to access the original . For Yfrog , the lack of EXIF is a byproduct of automatic image optimizations done by the system , not something designed specifically with privacy in mind , Mike Harkey , a spokesman for the ImageShack-owned Yfrog site , wrote in an e-mail . While Facebook 's system compresses some photos , it does n't do so for every one . "  For those that we do n't compress , we still strip out EXIF data , " Facebook spokeswoman Jaime Schopflin wrote in an e-mail . "  We do this since users can unintentionally leak sensitive information in EXIF data . " Thompson , the security expert from AVG , commended these efforts . "  Chalk one up to Facebook for that one , " he said . "  One of the alarming things is that every -LSB- Facebook -RSB- application wants to access your profile and your contacts and your photos . So if they were n't stripping that -LSB- EXIF data -RSB- , it would be particularly alarming . "	Images can contain the precise GPS coordinates for where a photo was taken Pictures on Flickr , Photobucket and Picasa Web Albums can contain location data Other services , like Facebook , TwitPic and Yfrog , strip that data Digital photo experts express concerns over privacy implications
CNN  -- Kenyan intelligence knows him simply as Ikrima . But his full name is Mohamed Abdikadir Mohamed , and he is regarded as one of the most dangerous commanders in the Somali terror group Al-Shabaab . U.S. officials say Ikrima was the target of a raid Saturday by U.S. Navy SEALs on an Al-Shabaab compound near the town of Baraawe in Somalia . It 's believed that he escaped after the U.S. troops came under heavy fire . Ikrima , thought to be in his late 20s , is wanted by both the Kenyan government and its Western allies and was a close associate of one of al Qaeda 's most important operatives in East Africa . A recent Kenyan intelligence report that was leaked just after the Westgate mall attack in Nairobi outlined several plots in which he was allegedly involved . All of them involved targets in Kenya , and all the attacks would have involved Kenyan citizens trained by Al-Shabaab . Among those conspiracies , according to the leaked report , was a planned attack on Mandera airport in Kenya 's North Eastern province . Ikrima was "  directing an attack targeted at Mandera airport between 25th and 28th April 2013 , " according to the report . He was "  being assisted by Liif , an Al-Shabaab explosive expert , " and the attack would have involved 11 terrorists . Wife : Terror suspect had left al Qaeda Another plot -- in 2011 -- involved dispatching one operative to a safe house in Nairobi whose mission was "  to train youth , lay down the infrastructure for a major attack and await instructions . " That individual was later arrested at a house said to have contained grenades , rifles and ammunition . The Kenyan report also alleged that one of Ikrima 's most ambitious conspiracies had been sanctioned by al Qaeda in Pakistan . It envisioned multiple attacks in Kenya at the end of 2011 and in early 2012 targeting the Kenyan parliament , United Nations offices in Nairobi and Kenyan politicians . There was also "  financial and logistical support from a South African facilitation network . " It 's not clear whether Ikrima had any role in the Westgate attack , but given the involvement of some Kenyans in the siege , it seems likely . Ikrima has been at the forefront of Al-Shabaab 's efforts to recruit and train Kenyans and other foreigners for Al-Shabaab -- and to develop a Kenyan affiliate called al Hijrah . Terror leader ` ruthless ' , ` secretive ' Kenyan officials have said that he regularly traveled between Somalia and Kenya , and was in Kenya at one point last year . At least one of the plots he directed involved South Africans . Sources say Ikrima regularly changes his appearance -- at one point having very long hair , and at another a moustache similar to former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein 's . Morten Storm , a former informant who has worked for several Western intelligence agencies , has told CNN that he developed a close relationship with an Al-Shabaab figure called Ikrima between 2008 and 2012 . He said he is confident that it 's the same person who was targeted over the weekend . Storm , who is Danish , described Ikrima as a Somali-Kenyan Al-Shabaab operative who had spent time in Norway . He said that Ikrima made clear to him via e-mail that he was ready to send recruits from the West back home from Somalia to launch attacks . Norwegian journalist Bent Skjaerstad told CNN his sources have confirmed that Ikrima had indeed spent time in Norway and had tried to recruit for Al-Shabaab in Europe . Skjaerstad , who reports on security and terrorism for TV2 , said Ikrima had lived there between 2004 and 2008 . He had failed to gain asylum status but had been given Norwegian travel papers . Skjaerstad told CNN that according to his sources , Ikrima had traveled to Somalia while living in Norway and had used about a dozen aliases . "  There was a connection to Ikrima in a court case in Sweden of two Swedish nationals of Somali descent who were accused of participating in terrorist training in Somalia , " Skjaerstad said . "  There was phone surveillance introduced as evidence in the trial in which the two men discussed Ikrima . They spoke of him as their contact when they arrived in Kenya from Sweden , " he said . Bergen : How Al-Shabaab picks its targets Storm , who no longer works underground , has shown CNN encrypted e-mails he exchanged with Ikrima over a period of several years . Those communications show that Ikrima was involved in developing contacts between members of Al-Shabaab and al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  , across the Gulf of Aden in Yemen . They included contacts between Ikrima and the America-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , who was killed in a U.S. missile attack in September 2011 . This relationship was a source of great concern to Western intelligence agencies as it evolved in 2009-11 , because it linked the most active and dangerous al Qaeda affiliate -- AQAP -- with an emerging terror group in Somalia , a country with an extremely weak government . One e-mail from al-Awlaki to Storm , dated December 12 , 2009 , said : "  The brs  brothers  here eagerly want to establish connections with Somalia so these brs could be a start , " a reference to Ikrima and others . Storm replied : "  Ikrima from Somalia is still waiting for your questions , he just told me , that he is planning to come over to your place with some other guys . " It 's not over , Somali terrorists say after mall attack that killed 67 Ikrima established contact with al-Awlaki but never ended up making the trip to meet him in Yemen , according to Storm . Instead , he stayed in East Africa , traveling between Kenya and Somalia , and becoming a key handler for foreigners , including Westerners who wanted to join Al-Shabaab , Storm said . In March 2012 , Ikrima warned Storm of growing pressure from the Kenyan security apparatus . "  So you need to be extra carefull  sic  they dont get a single trace of anything coz they are now tracing a sister who was a widow of one of the london 7/7 bomber , " he wrote , a reference to Samantha Lewthwaite , who is believed still to be in Kenya and is wanted by Kenyan authorities . Storm told CNN that in 2012 , he was offered a substantial sum to help Western intelligence agencies find Ikrima , known to his handlers at that point as Ikrima al Muhajir . He said Ikrima was in Kismayo , Somalia , when they last communicated in mid-2012 , shortly before Kenyan forces pushed Al-Shabaab out of the port city . One of Ikrima 's associates was Abdelkadir Warsame , who was detained by the U.S. military while crossing by sea from Yemen to Somalia in April 2011 . Warsame had been involved in establishing training and weapons transfers with AQAP . Another close associate of Ikrima , according to Storm , was Jehad Serwan Mostafa , an American Al-Shabaab operative still at large . The United States has offered a $ 5 million reward for information leading to his capture . Intelligence sources say Ikrima is thought to have first gone to Somalia in 2006 and subsequently worked for two Kenyans prominent in Al-Shabaab and al Qaeda : Harun Fazul and Saleh Nabhan . Nabhan was a senior Kenyan al Qaeda operative , and he was among the U.S. government 's most wanted terrorists . He was suspected of helping to orchestrate the 1998 East Africa Embassy bombings , a 2002 bombing on a Mombasa resort , and a near simultaneous failed missile attack on an Israeli airliner taking off from Mombasa 's airport . Ikrima became one of his trusted insiders , according to Storm . Nabhan was killed in a raid by U.S. special operations forces on a convoy traveling south along Somalia 's coastal road in September 2009 . A younger relative of Nabhan , Omar Nabhan , was among the gunmen killed at Westgate , Kenyan authorities say . If Ikrima survived the weekend attack by U.S. special operations forces and is able to continue operating , Kenyan authorities will be concerned about his ability to continue developing al Hijrah cells in the slums of Nairobi and Mombasa , Kenya . A Kenyan expert on the group , Robert Ocholar , tells CNN that Kenyan security services have driven al Hijrah underground but in the process made the group more unpredictable and dangerous . Ocholar says he was made aware in 2011 of a camp in Kenya 's Eastern Province used by Al-Shabaab as staging ground for recruits going to Somalia . Ocholar says that in Kenya , there is more radicalization among young Muslim Kenyans than among the sizable Somali community . That in part may be down to the activities of Ikrima , aka Mohamed Abdikadir Mohamed .	Mohamed Abdikadir Mohamed was target of raid Saturday by U.S. Navy SEALs , officials say The Al-Shabaab commander , also called Ikrima , is thought to have escaped He 's wanted by Kenya and its Western allies , accused of involvement in terror plots He 's suspected of leading efforts to recruit and train foreigners for Al-Shabaab
CNN  As art , film stills are often overlooked . The photographers tend to be anonymous ; it 's easy to imagine their work done by the director or cinematographer . Their images are often lumped in with the promotional machinery : Whether documenting the stars frolicking on set or getting down to business , it 's just another form of salesmanship . Which is why the work of Ernst Haas is so striking . Haas , one of the 20th century 's great photojournalists and image-makers -- an early member of the great Magnum Photos cooperative who was famous enough in his prime to have been the subject of a Museum of Modern Art exhibit in 1962 -- was also a regular on movie sets . It was a necessity in those early days , said John Jacob , the editor of a new book of Haas ' movie photography , "  Ernst Haas : On Set . " "  Working on film sets was really important to Magnum , and all of the photographers working with Magnum in the '50s did films , " says Jacob , now the McEvoy Family Curator for Photography at the Smithsonian American Art Museum . Not only did the work pay off financially , but the photographers also established relationships with members of the industry , he said . And the stars and directors knew what they were getting : some of the best in the field . Photographers such as Haas were entrusted to bring their talent and style to the work . The photographers "  are definitely producing work for posterity , that very much has their own fingerprint on it , " Jacob said . Such distinction is obvious from looking at Haas ' work -- some of which is as famous as the movies he worked on . There 's a striking picture of Orson Welles in 1949 's "  The Third Man , " hemmed in by the darkness in a way that suggests the shadowy themes of the classic film . Another , of Gregory Peck and Chuck Connors in 1958 's "  The Big Country , " is as dramatic as any full-scale movie duel .  Westerns were a specialty . But Haas also has a way of documenting the artificiality of film work , whether it 's capturing the sprawling , workaday set of 1965 's "  The Greatest Story Ever Told " or snapping a relaxed picture of Barbara Streisand as Dolly Levi in 1969 's "  Hello , Dolly ! " Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . The former is particularly interesting : an image of actors splayed on crosses for the crucifixion scene , surrounded by ladders , a camera crane , a painted scrim and several casually dressed crew members . Jacob observes that in each of Haas ' images there 's an eye for the unusual . The black-and-white work from "  The Greatest Story Ever Told , " for example , is almost prayerful , while the color images call attention to the artificiality of film . And some of Haas ' other color images , especially his work for 1961 's "  West Side Story , " fit in neatly with others in his catalog , as Haas was known for an impressionistic blur of hues that Jacob calls "  the Haas effect . " Haas died in 1986 , and despite being celebrated during his life , his name is somewhat forgotten these days . Jacob hopes that "  Ernst Haas : On Set " reminds people just what a master he was . "  A lot of these are familiar images , but you do n't necessarily associate them with Haas , " he said . "  On the other hand , people who know Haas well do n't actually know this work , because it was work for hire and was n't ever put together in this way before . " Ernst Haas was an Austrian photographer who passed away in 1986 . He was a member of Magnum Photos .	Ernst Haas , a celebrated 20th-century photographer , was a regular on movie sets His work from the industry has been brought together in a new book , "  Ernst Haas : On Set "
CNN  -- At a time when Republicans are reaching out to the Hispanic community , why are some in my party treating the U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico differently than the U.S. citizens in the 50 states ? When the federal government pays close to 80 % of Medicaid costs for states with similar populations , why are House Republicans cutting the federal share of Puerto Rico 's Medicaid program to 20 % ? I believe leadership is about standing for what is right above politics and party , and that is the pledge I have made to the 3.7 million American citizens in Puerto Rico whom I represent . So I have to call it like it is : the U.S. House 's anticipated move to exact a 65 % cut to Medicaid funds for Puerto Rico is neither right nor fair , and I urge my Republican colleagues to change direction . As a fiscal conservative , I fully support efforts to responsibly reduce the cost and size of government , just as we have done in Puerto Rico by cutting government spending by almost 20 % and reducing an inherited budget deficit by 90 % in three years . However , it is fundamentally wrong to single out Puerto Rico to bear the brunt of cuts that are not shared by the rest of the nation , especially when the territory already does not have parity with the states in health care programs and lacks the votes in Congress to protect our position . Historically , Puerto Rico 's Medicaid program has been chronically underfunded by the federal government . In 2010 , Puerto Rico and the other territories secured corrective legislation to provide $ 6.3 billion in Medicaid funding over 10 years , which includes $ 5.4 billion for Puerto Rico . This legislation was enacted as part of the Affordable Care Act , although wholly separate from the law 's other national Medicaid policy provisions . Where previously Washington paid less than 20 % of Puerto Rico 's Medicaid costs , the federal government is now paying 35 % of the cost of our program . This is a step in the right direction , but still far below equal treatment . By comparison , the federal government pays nearly 70 % for the District of Columbia 's program and 75 % for Mississippi 's program . Now , House Republicans have assembled a package of budget cuts to replace the automatic , across-the-board sequester . The proposal does not cut the Medicaid expansion funds for the 50 states , but Puerto Rico 's $ 5.4 billion Medicaid provision has been singled out for elimination . The cuts would knock Puerto Rico 's federal Medicaid funding down to an effective rate of 20 % . What governor in the 50 states could accept -- much less accommodate -- covering 80 % of Medicaid costs ? With federal mandates but no flexibility over eligibility or benefits ? State budgets would be ravaged . The simple truth is that no governor in the 50 states would accept such an assault on American citizens . The state 's delegation would fight it , and such unfair , pernicious cuts simply would n't be accepted . The same is happening in Puerto Rico , but we have no delegation , no seat at the table when decisions are made , no votes in the federal government that makes our laws . This is perhaps the ultimate price we pay because of our territorial status . If Puerto Rico were a state , we would have full parity in all federal programs , including Medicaid . Medicaid is not the only U.S. health care program in which Puerto Rico is treated unfairly . If hundreds of thousands of Puerto Ricans have been willing to serve the U.S. military with honor , wearing the U.S. flag proudly on their uniform , then surely our veterans deserve to be protected under Tri-Care Prime , the gold standard of health care for our nation 's veterans in the 50 states . Yet Puerto Rico 's veterans are excluded . As I have said from the start of the health care debate , our goal is for the 3.7 million U.S. citizens of Puerto Rico to be treated equally with citizens residing in the states . The territory provision in the Affordable Care Act was n't about individual mandates , or government-run healthcare . It was about beginning to correct the unfair treatment of the American citizens of Puerto Rico in Medicaid , which has existed since that program was established . My personal hero , Ronald Reagan , brought many of us from the Hispanic community into the Republican Party . Hispanics responded to him because he stood consistently and firmly for conservative values . The misguided proposal by House Republicans to cut Medicaid benefits for the U.S. citizens of Puerto Rico compromises conservative values and jeopardizes our efforts to rally Hispanic support . It 's not too late . House Republicans still have time to show real and genuine leadership on this issue . All we ask is that you treat Puerto Rico fairly . What 's good for Americans in every state should be good for Americans in Puerto Rico as well . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Luis Fortuño .	Puerto Rico Gov. Luis Fortuño : Some of my fellow Republicans being unfair to Puerto Rico He says the House GOP is seeking to cut Medicaid funding for the territory Fortuño : States with similar populations get 80 % support ; Puerto Rico would get 20 %
Beijing  CNN  -- The rundown of recommended stories on some popular Chinese social media sites showed nothing extraordinary this week until users looked a little more closely . On the Sohu Weibo platform for example , the characters on the homepage had been arranged to read "  Hang in there , Southern Weekly , " but only if read vertically , from top down . Another site , 163 . com , structured its homepage in a way that the first character of the top six rows of news combined to read "  Go Southern Weekly Go ! " They were referring to the wave of anger this week against alleged government censorship at the Southern Weekly , a newspaper based in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou . For two days , journalists at the paper and hundreds of their supporters have gathered in front of the Southern Weekly offices holding posters calling for free speech and condemning press censorship . "  This is an attack and suppression of press freedom and the people 's right to know the truth . It is not right , " said one unnamed protester . "  I came over here to say the Southern Weekly is not alone , " explained another . Some of the mostly young protesters carried flowers as a symbol of grief , while one woman came with a face mask plastered with Chinese characters explaining it was a "  biyantao , " or a condom to prevent speech . They demanded the resignation of Tuo Zhen , the Communist Party propaganda chief in the southern province of Guangdong , amid claims that an editorial calling for political reform was re-written as a tribute to Communist Party rule . This rare protest poses a test for Xi Jinping , the newly installed Communist Party chief , who is just beginning to define his agenda as the paramount leader governing a massive country in a state of flux . It also represents a serious dilemma for the Communist Party in an era of social media and micro-blogging . It started with a posting on Weibo , China 's Twitter-like social media site , complaining that the Propaganda Department in southern Guangdong province had rewritten the paper 's annual New Year 's editorial without the knowledge of the editors . It was originally titled "  China 's Dream of Constitutionalism , " but when it was printed it was revised to read "  Chasing the Dream , " which echoed the official Communist Party line . The censors also added text that contained factual errors . Soon enough China 's social media witnessed a torrent of postings condemning Party censorship and supporting the Southern Weekly . The controversy brings to light the role of propaganda czars who supervise the flow of information in China . To be sure , Chinese media has become more diverse in the past three decades , thanks to China 's gradual reforms and opening up . Over the years , the local press has been given a bit more room to report about different topics and to do so differently , especially on non-political issues . But government censorship has never stopped and most media groups are still owned and run by the state . The Propaganda Department regularly issues written or oral directives about what news should or should not be reported and how this should be done . So one can only imagine the frustrations editors and journalists endure when faced with censorship . The Southern Weekly is not new to censorship-related controversy . Over the years , it has shown a liberal leaning . Within the allowed space , it produces stories that are relatively fresh , probing and even daring . "  Some of our essays , exposes and muck-raking stories have tried to push the margin , " said a former reporter , who requested anonymity . "  We call them ` edge-ball ' stories , just like playing table tennis , when you make points not with hard smashes but with slight , subtle hits . " For that , some of its editors and reporters have gotten into trouble with the propaganda czars . For that , too , it has earned respect and attracted a loyal following , especially among the youth , urbanites , and intellectuals . On Friday , foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying insisted there was no press censorship in China and the government protects press freedom according to the law . But there are apparent attempts to rein in the media , especially popular micro-blogging services , which are used to expose problems and abuses that may embarrass the government . Meanwhile , search terms related to Southern Weekly are being blocked . Just how big a threat the demonstrations pose to Xi 's new regime remains unclear . It is also unclear where Xi stands on the issue of press censorship and free speech . Some analysts wonder whether Xi or the central government supported the actions of Guangdong officials . Some blame the row squarely on Tuo Zhen , the newly appointed provincial propaganda chief . One observer in Guangdong blamed his "  behavior and work style " for causing the row . But others see the controversy as bigger than just the Guangdong Propaganda Department versus the Southern Weekly . "  It is a publicity crisis for Xi Jinping 's new administration , " said Xiao Qiang , a founder and editor-in-chief of China Digital Times , a U.S.-based site monitoring China 's Internet and media issues . "  Its political credibility and ability to lead is now being tested . "  When the top leadership seems not resolute and clear , a smaller event moves into the national public sphere , and the state even just slightly loses control of the message in the media and Internet space . " For the Global Times , however , the message is clear . "  No matter how the Chinese media is regulated , they will never become the same as their Western counterparts , " the government-backed media group said in an editorial . "  This should be the basic judgment of Chinese media professionals . "  China 's political system differs from the West 's , and the media can not separate itself from a country 's political reality . The only way that fits the development of Chinese media is one that can suit the country 's development path . " According to the China Digital Times , the Central Propaganda Department has issued an urgent directive telling media groups at all levels that : -- State-run media is an unswerving basic principle -- The "  mishap " at Southern Weekly has nothing to do with Guangdong propaganda chief Tuo Zhen -- The incident 's development is due to the "  meddling by hostile forces " The directive told all editors , reporters and staff to discontinue voicing their support for the Southern Weekly and ordered all media sites to prominently republish the Global Times editorial .	Protesters are angry at alleged government censorship at the Southern Weekly in China They claim editorial calling for political reform was re-written as tribute to Communist Party Government censorship has never stopped and most media groups are still owned by state Chinese officials say government protects press freedom according to the law
The world 's highest railway rolls even closer to Mount Everest this month when China inaugurates a stretch of track connecting the Tibetan cities of Lhasa and Shigatse . Traversing valleys , mountains and crossing the glacier-fed Brahmaputra River , the line takes in breathtaking views of snow-capped peaks and majestic plateaus as it wends from the territory 's capital to its second city . The track is an extension of the Qinghai-Tibet line -- an engineering marvel named the "  closest stretch of railway to the sky " after it first carried passengers above 5,000 meters  16,404 feet  in 2006 . Work on the new $ 2.1 billion line across the roof of the world began in 2010 . When it opens , it will allow passengers to connect by rail from Beijing all the way to Shigatse , a gateway to Everest , which lies just 240 kilometers  150 miles  away , on the border with Nepal . Suolang Deji , an officer with Shigatse 's tourism department , told CNN the railway would be inaugurated at the end of August and would initially carry Chinese visitors . "  The first batch of tourists are from Shandong provice , " she said . Huge investment With the arrival of the train , the journey from Lhasa to Shigatse shrinks five hours of driving over terrain ranging in altitude from 3,600 to 4,000 meters , to two hours by rail . The railway is part of a huge Chinese investment program in the infrastructure of its remote western territories that is seen as an effort to consolidate Beijing 's economic and political control of the autonomous region . Such developments have not been welcomed by some Tibetans who say China invaded their land in 1950 and dispute Beijing 's claim that the Himalayan plateau has historically been part of China . Political tensions mean that access to the railway for non-Chinese tourists is likely to be subject to tight controls . In addition to Chinese visas , foreign visitors already require special permits to enter Tibet and the availability of these is subject to sudden change . Anyone hoping to travel on from Shigatse to Everest or Nepal will have to wade through further red tape .	Lhasa to Shigatse railway due to be inaugurated at the end of August New line brings rail travel to within 150 miles of Mount Everest Track is part of huge Chinese investment program in country 's remote western territories
CNN  -- Japanese golf prodigy Ryo Ishikawa has announced he will donate his tournament earnings from 2011 to the victims of the tsunami which recently devastated the Asian country . Ishikawa , 19 , will also give $ 1,200 for every birdie he achieves during the year and the world number 45 is planning a tour of the severely effected Tohuku area of Honshu Island . "  I feel thrilled . My goal is 200 million yen -LSB- $ 2.4 million -RSB- , " Ishikawa is reported as saying by news agency AFP . The Saitama-born star turned professional in 2008 and has earned in excess of $ 1.2 million during each of his three years in the sport , according to AFP . Ishikawa broke a world record in May 2010 when he shot the lowest-ever score in a major golf tournament with a 12-under par 58 . "  I have enough money to spend for my golf . I still have savings . I believe this is the most positive way for me to spend money , " he added . The nine-time winner in Japan finished third on the country 's money list in 2010 and sought the advice of his father , who is a banker , before making the decision . Ishikawa is currently in the U.S. preparing for The Masters at Augusta in Georgia , which is due to start on April 7 . The earthquake and tsunami which ravaged Japan is estimated to have claimed 18,000 lives and prompted a nuclear crisis at the stricken Fukushima plant .	Ryo Ishikawa will donate tournament earnings to the victims of Japan 's tsunami Ishikawa , 19 , will also donate $ 1,200 for every birdie he achieves The Saitama-born golfer has earned over $ 3.6 m so far in his professional career
CNN  -- Pollsters in Peru said Sunday that left-leaning Ollanta Humala looks poised to win the presidency , defeating rival Keiko Fujimori in a polarizing runoff election that pits the county 's left and right against each other . Early exit polls released as voting closed at 5 p.m. ET gave Humala as much as a 5-percentage-point lead over Fujimori , the daughter of a former president who 's serving a 25-year sentence for human rights abuses . Pollster CPI showed Humala with 52.5 % of the vote and Fujimori with 47.5 % . Ipsos Apoyo said Humala would win 52.6 % of the ballots cast , while Fujimori would trail with 47.4 % . A watchdog election group later released a quick count of ballots , showing Humala would win with 51.5 % of the vote , vs. Fujimori 's 48.5 % . Official results are not expected until later Sunday . Still , supporters of Humala celebrated in downtown Lima , cheering the early results , waving flags and hoisting banners . One read : "  Ollanta , Presidente . " Peruvians went to the polls Sunday to pick their next president in a runoff election between two candidates with little in common . Humala , 48 , narrowly lost a 2006 election bid , in part because many saw him as a close ally of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , intent on turning the country to the left . That 's a point his rival , 36-year-old Fujimori , a right-wing lawmaker , hammered on throughout her campaign . At a closing rally last week in Paseo Colon , a historic avenue in the capital of Lima , Fujimori went on the offensive as she addressed a crowd of thousands . "  There are recordings and witnesses that prove that this gentleman is a good soldier of Chavez , " she said to cheering crowds . "  I am not going to allow other countries to interfere in the sovereignty of our country . I 'm going to defend it ! " Humala , a former army officer linked to a 2000 military uprising , has tried to distance himself from such perceptions , swapping his trademark red T-shirts for suits this time around . In a recent interview with CNN en Espanol , he denied his goal is a Chavez-style social revolution in Peru . "  When we speak about revolution , we 're speaking about a revolution in education , which is something fundamental , " Humala said . "  We have to build our own future . We believe that the Venezuelan model does n't apply in Peru . " Like her opponent , Fujimori was forced to answer uncomfortable questions about her past during this year 's election . She is the daughter of former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori , who is currently in prison on a 25-year sentence for human rights crimes . Many Peruvians credit the elder Fujimori with defeating insurgencies that ravaged the South American nation for years and for enacting economic reforms that stabilized the Peruvian economy . However , he is also criticized for corruption , having an authoritarian streak and the widespread rights abuses that were committed under his watch . During the campaign , protesters accused his daughter of planning to grant the former president amnesty if she wins , as she said she might do in a 2008 interview . She has since backed away from those remarks . Centrist candidates , including former President Alejandro Toledo , former Lima Mayor Luis Castaneda and former Finance Minister Pedro Pablo Kuczynski , cannibalized each others ' votes during the first round of voting in April . In that round , Humala garnered more than 30 % of the vote , while Fujimori ended slightly above 23 % . Under Peruvian law , only the top two contenders advance to a second round . Peruvians are required by law to vote and some 20 million people were thought to have cast their ballots in Sunday 's election . After the elimination of the more centrist candidates in April , Peru 's 2010 Nobel literary laureate Mario Vargas Llosa , a former presidential candidate himself , described the race as a choice between "  terminal cancer and AIDS . " Andrea Stiglich , a member of the Economist Intelligence Unit team of Latin American analysts , said the election was a triumph of extremes . "  This election was meant to be the election of a centrist policy continuity candidate , and what we have is a first round that has yielded a result between two extremes in the left and the right , " she said before the second-round vote . Current Peruvian President Alan Garcia is not permitted to run for a consecutive term . "  I will get behind whoever wins , " he said on Sunday , before voting closed . "  The task  of running the country  is not easy and they  will  need everyone 's support . " The new president will face many of the same challenges Garcia did : Persistent poverty , protests around the rights to natural resources and violence from remnants of a leftist insurgency that helped to make Peru the world 's largest producer of coca , the raw ingredient of cocaine . On the eve of the election , five soldiers were killed in an attack in the country 's southern province of Cusco , state news said . They were reportedly on their way to provide local police with additional security for the election when they were ambushed . CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : A quick count of ballots and exit polls put Ollanta Humala ahead NEW : Supporters of the former army officer rally in downtown Lima Centrist candidates cannibalized each other during the first round of voting
CNN  -- Even before they had a chance to view it , everyone involved with Showtime 's megahit , "  Homeland , " "  knew that it was something extraordinary and special , " said actor Mandy Patinkin . The veteran star spoke to CNN at the premiere party for season two , ahead of the show 's premiere on Sunday . In "  Homeland , " CIA intelligence officer Carrie Mathison  Claire Danes  believes that Marine Sgt. Nicholas Brody  Damian Lewis  , a POW returning from Iraq , became a traitor while in captivity and is planning to fulfill a terror plot on U.S. soil . At the end of season one , Brody decides to run for Congress . Meanwhile Carrie , who suffers from bipolar disorder , realizes why Brody would turn on his country just as she 's about to undergo electroconvulsive therapy that will erase her short-term memory . Season one received nine Emmy nominations , and picked up four of them at the 64th Primetime Emmy Awards , including outstanding drama series . ` Homeland , ' ` Modern Family ' win big at Emmys If you 've been wanting to get into "  Homeland " or catch up before the new season premiere , there 's still time . Season one was recently released on DVD/Blu-ray . In addition , Showtime will air a marathon of all 12 episodes of the first season on Saturday , September 29 , beginning at noon ET/PT . Season two premieres Sunday , September 30 , at 10 p.m. ET/PT . To kick things off for Sunday 's return , Showtime and Time Warner Cable hosted a screening and reception at the Intrepid Sea , Air and Space Museum in New York . Among the attendees , who were greeted by an enormous Brody 2012 fictional campaign poster , were the entire "  Homeland " cast , including outstanding actress and actor in a drama series Emmy winners Danes and Lewis . ` Homeland ' grabs Emmys for lead actors in a drama Also in attendance were Vogue Editor-in-Chief Anna Wintour and designer Valentino . Cocktails were followed by a screening of the first episode of season two and an after-party on the USS Intrepid flight deck complete with fireworks , tiny cupcakes in the "  Homeland " logo and empanadas and pulled pork sliders served up directly under the Space Shuttle Enterprise . Patinkin shared with CNN how he prepared for the role of Saul Berenson , CIA Middle East Division chief and mentor to Carrie . He traveled to Langley , Virginia , and met with a man who had been a CIA chief . "  I was asking a lot of emotional questions , " the actor said , "  because I was interested in his emotional reaction to certain situations , fears -- human nature questions . " At one point , Patinkin continued , the former CIA chief mentioned that he had two daughters , "  and the daughters came over and then we were there for hours talking as a family , and that 's when the nickel dropped for me . Before we shot a single frame , I realized it was a show about family . It was a show about Saul 's relationship with his ` daughter ' Carrie , the Brody family , the family of the CIA and the family of the world at large . And so that moment when those daughters came to that table -- I was home free . " Actor David Harewood plays David Estes , Carrie 's boss at the CIA . He recalled meeting a CIA agent in preparation for his role as director of the CIA Counterterrorism Center . "  I happened to meet with a CIA operative who was a very scary lady , " he said , "  a very beautiful lady , but a very scary lady . I had dinner with her and she kind of looked straight through me . I felt like she was looking into my soul . " Harewood said he believes there has been such a massive positive response to "  Homeland " from audiences because it is "  one of the few shows which really seeks to not only entertain but also tell the truth . It really hit a raw nerve with people . People really want to know what goes on behind the doors of the CIA in terms of terrorists and terrorism , and ` Homeland ' kind of seems to answer some of those questions . " Actress Amy Hargreaves plays Carrie 's sister and caretaker Maggie . "  As season two opens , " said Hargreaves , "  it 's six months later , so Carrie 's had time to kind of go through some treatments and that 's where we jump off . She 's in good hands and we 're kind of helping her regroup . " "  What 's nice about the way Showtime treats ` Homeland , ' " Hargreaves continued , "  is they give us time before we shoot every scene . We sit down , we talk about it , we figure out what feels right , what does n't feel right . Working with Mandy is especially excellent ... we spent a lot of time on-set making sure that things were appropriate and accurate before we shot . It 's been such a thrill to go to work and to get to work with Claire and Mandy . They blow me away . " Actress Morena Baccarin said "  season two tops season one , if that is possible . " ` Homeland ' actress ' hair : The long and short of it Of her character , Brody 's wife Jessica , Baccarin said that she loves that "  she 's a no-frills kind of woman . She held her family together . She must have a sense of humor and strength somewhere deep inside that we do n't get to see very often . The strength you get to see , absolutely , but she 's vulnerable and going through a lot all the time , so you do n't get to see her laughing very much . But this is a woman who held it together for eight years alone , so I think she 's not a victim and she 's not afraid ; and when she is afraid she holds it together for her kids . " As for actor Diego Klattenhoff , who plays Mike -- Brody 's Marine buddy and the man who became Jessica 's love interest after she believed him dead -- he said that in season two , "  I 'm always there as his friend , kind of like a safety net . I 'm always going to be there for the family . I think that inevitably I get pulled into certain situations . " Actress Morgan Saylor , who plays 16-year-old Dana Brody , said , "  I love getting to be a hooligan and getting to be rebellious and openly so disdainful of my mother . That 's really fun . " As for the upcoming season , of which eight out of 12 episodes have been filmed so far , Saylor said there are "  definitely some changes this year between Dana and her father . She kind of sees his faults a little more . " We also spoke with musician Sean Callery , who wrote the "  Homeland " theme song and writes the background score . He received his 12th Emmy nomination this year for "  Outstanding Original Main Title Theme Music " for "  Homeland . " Callery was thrilled to be able to implement Carrie 's love of jazz into the storyline in creative yet subtle ways . "  She 's a spontaneous , improvisational character , " said Callery , "  impulsive . Not many shows have jazz , so it was nice to have something new . " "  Homeland " is not a particularly heavily scored show . Callery said that if the audience notices the music too much , "  then I 'm getting in the way . " But when it does contain music , Callery explained , "  it 's extremely transparent and very much in your face . " For example , the pilot episode contains a scene that Callery wrote the music for , where a live jazz band is playing at a bar while news footage of Brody 's return plays on TV screens . Carrie studies the musicians ' finger movements on their instruments and concludes that Brody is tapping his fingers in some kind of code . Callery , who won three Emmys for his work on Fox 's "  24 , " noted that "  Homeland " die-hards will notice that the theme song has been varied ever so slightly for season two . "  It does evolve , " he said . "  It changes ; it gets a little darker at times . I 'm dying to speak of it but it has n't aired yet . " Alex Gansa , series co-creator and executive producer , recalled finding out that "  Homeland " was President Obama 's favorite show . "  We did n't feel that we had to do anything different , " Gansa said , "  but it gives us extra impetus every day in the story room to try to make this thing good the second season , to try to live up to the promise of the first season . " Gansa said that the cast and crew remain stunned by the positive audience response to the program because "  these wars that we 're fighting overseas are so removed from the general citizenry and their consciousness that we were curious whether anybody would even be interested in watching , but one thing that we felt was missing from television was this idea of the returning soldier and so we really wanted to dramatize how difficult that return can be sometimes . And obviously there are some serious extenuating circumstances in Brody 's case but if you watch the first series of episodes you could interpret Brody 's behavior as either somebody who 's hiding his terrorist motivations or somebody who 's just having trouble re-integrating back into his life . "	Actress Morena Baccarin : "  Season two tops season one , if that is possible " Actor David Harewood says "  Homeland " "  seeks to not only entertain but also tell the truth " Co-creator Alex Gansa felt that the idea of the returning soldier was missing from TV But he feared the wars we 're fighting were too "  removed from the general citizenry "
CNN  Prosperity gospel pastor Creflo Dollar responded recently to critics of his campaign to buy a very pricey Gulfstream G650 . Dollar noted in a recent address to his congregants that the devil was attempting to discredit him in regards to his campaign seeking $ 300 from 200,000 people globally to help buy the luxury jet . In a newly posted five-minute clip on YouTube , the Atlanta-area pastor speaks to his followers at World Changers Church International , tackling his critics and allegations about tithes , his real name and reports alleging members of having to reveal their W2 statuses to come into the church 's sanctuary . "  The devil thinks  I got to discredit that man before he starts showing people Jesus ! " Dollar preaches to loud applause . "  I 'm on my sabbatical , and the enemy 's trying to discredit me , " Dollar stated . Dollar is focused in the video on getting his point across and slams critics of his original request by stating to the people gathered , "  I never one time came to you and asked you for a dime for this airplane , did I ? " But in March , Dollar did appeal in a video to "  friends from around the world , " soliciting donations to replace his current 1984 Gulfstream G-1159A . Because of two accidents that occurred in the 31-year-old plane , Dollar and his staff have been flying commercial . "  The  critics  do n't know what we do . That 's why they asked the question , what does a preacher need with an airplane ? If you knew what we did , then you would n't ask that question , " Dollar said . "  Just because the world does n't have it , does n't mean that you ca n't . " In March , the ministry 's desire to purchase a Gulfstream G650 airplane was met with criticism on social media and was the subject of nationwide media reports . The furor came after a nearly six-minute video was uploaded on the Creflo Dollar Ministries website soliciting money for a Gulfstream G650 , which sells for a reported $ 65 million . The page featuring the video and information on the fundraiser has been taken down , but those wishing to donate are still able to do so on the church 's gift page . A Gulfstream G650 can fly 18 passengers and four crew members , according to gulfstream.com . The jet comes with two Rolls-Royce engines , high-speed Internet and two multichannel satellites and allows for a four-and-a-half-hour commute from New York to Los Angeles . "  The G650 is the biggest , fastest , most luxurious , longest range and most technologically advanced jet -- by far , " according to the site . The project was n't limited to member donations , as the site stated that "  we are asking members , partners and supporters of this ministry to assist us in acquiring a Gulfstream G650 . " In the new video , Dollar claims the church has more than 3 million supporters worldwide who want him to come to where they are . The pastor has said the two incidents involving his old plane -- including one in which a mechanical failure caused the jet to skid off a runway in London while his wife and their three daughters were aboard -- have shown him it was time to turn to God for a new airplane . Prosperity gospel is a theology that promises wealth and health to those who tithe 10 % of their income to the church . Attempts to contact Dollar 's ministry for comment on Thursday were unsuccessful . CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Creflo Dollar 's ministry had posted a now-withdrawn request asking 200,000 people to chip in $ 300 each Dollar preaches a prosperity gospel , which promises wealth to those who tithe 10 % of their income to the church The Atlanta-based pastor said the devil wants to stop him from traveling the world , spreading Christianity
DONGSHIGU VILLAGE , China  CNN  -- As Christian Bale approached an impromptu checkpoint leading to this tiny village in eastern China , four men blocking the narrow path started marching toward him in menacing unison . "  I am here to see Chen Guangcheng , " the "  Dark Knight " actor said and I translated , with correspondent Stan Grant and cameraman Brad Olson next to us . "  Go away ! " the plainclothes guards barked , pushing us back . Amid the scuffling and yelling , dozens more guards in olive-green , military-style overcoats -- and two gray minivans -- emerged from the other side of the checkpoint , all coming toward us . "  Why can I not visit this free man ? " Bale asked repeatedly , only to receive punches from guards aiming for his small camera as they tried to drag him away from the rest of us . As we retreated , I recognized the ringleader -- the same burly man who had hurled rocks at the CNN team 10 months earlier to force us out of the same location . A precarious scene ensued Thursday as one of the gray minivans chased our car at high speed on bumpy country roads for some 40 minutes . When the dust settled , we counted a broken car , a damaged camera -- and a Hollywood star disappointed at -- but not shocked by -- his failure to see a personal hero . "  What I really wanted to do was to meet the man , shake his hand and say what an inspiration he is , " Bale said . The man , 40-year-old Chen Guangcheng , has been confined to his home along with his wife , mother and daughter , and watched around the clock by dozens of guards since he was released from prison in September 2010 . A local court had sentenced him to more than four years in prison for damaging property and disrupting traffic in a protest . Blind China activist recovers amid call for his release His supporters maintain authorities used trumped-up charges to silence Chen , a blind , self-taught lawyer who rose to fame in the late 1990s thanks to his legal advocacy for what he called victims of abusive practices by China 's family-planning officials . Bale first learned about Chen through news reports , including our coverage in February , when he was in China filming "  The Flowers of War , " a wartime drama set in 1930s Nanjing in which he plays a mortician trying to save a group of schoolgirls from the clutches invading Japanese soldiers . Blind lawyer makes Chinese officials jittery The injustice faced by the activist and his family stirred such strong emotions in Bale that , upon hearing his impending return to China to promote the movie , he decided to do something unusual to raise the international awareness of Chen and thereby to turn up the heat on the Chinese government . "  This does n't come naturally to me , this is not what I actually enjoy -- it is n't about me , " he explained during our eight-hour drive from Beijing to the eastern city of Linyi , where Chen 's village is located . "  But this was just a situation that said I ca n't look the other way . " Known to be a media-shy celebrity , Bale reached out to CNN and invited us to join him on his journey to visit Chen . In the car , he lamented the American public 's lack of knowledge on Chen 's case , despite senior U.S. officials ' increasingly vocal support for his freedom . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Gary Locke , the American ambassador to China , have both championed Chen 's cause . Bale appeared a little surprised to learn that Relativity Media , which produced his 2010 Oscar-winning "  The Fighter " and recently filmed a comedy in Linyi , was accused by activists of cozying up to the same officials who ordered Chen 's detention and torture . The studio has issued a statement denying the allegation . Although China 's state media has largely ignored the story , Chen 's plight has spread online and outraged a growing number of Chinese "  netizens . " Many have tried to visit Chen , and activists say nearly all would-be visitors have been turned back , often violently , by plainclothes police and local thugs . "  I 'm not brave doing this , " Bale emphasized . "  The local people who are standing up to the authorities , who are visiting Chen and his family and getting beaten or detained , I want to support them . " As our car sped toward Beijing in the dark , Bale wondered aloud if he would never be allowed back -- a prospect he is prepared to accept -- even as "  The Flowers of War " became China 's official entry into next year 's Academy Awards . "  Really , what else can I do to help Chen ? " he kept asking as the clock struck midnight , with his latest movie -- partially funded by the state -- about to open nationwide in China .	Christian Bale is in China to promote a new movie filmed there Hollywood star wanted to visit activist Chen Guangcheng Chen and his family are confined to their home CNN 's Steven Jiang was with Bale as guards thwarted the actor 's efforts
CNN  -- The company building the controversial Keystone XL pipeline has submitted a proposal for a new route , a spokesman for Nebraska 's environmental authority said Wednesday . The new route is east of the initially proposed route that went over an environmentally sensitive aquifer , said spokesman Brian McManus of the Nebraska Department of Environmental Quality . TransCanada is the company constructing Keystone . The pipeline is intended to carry between 500,000 and 700,000 barrels of crude oil a day from Canada 's oil sands to the U.S. Gulf Coast . U.S. President Barack Obama in January denied a permit for the 1,700-mile pipeline , a decision that prompted Republican criticism that the president was not doing everything possible to create jobs and combat high gasoline prices . Obama defends policy on pipeline Supporters , including the oil industry , also say the pipeline would lessen the country 's dependence on oil imported from volatile regions . Opponents , including environmentalists , say the pipeline might leak and that it would lock the United States into a particularly dirty form of crude that might ultimately end up being exported . "  With this new route submitted and the state of Nebraska acting to move forward , the president is running out of excuses for blocking the Keystone pipeline any longer , " House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , told CNN . "  With a veto-proof majority in the House supporting Keystone , the president is becoming increasingly isolated in his opposition to this job-creating energy project . He should listen to the voices of the American people and unlock the project so we can get Americans working and address high gas prices . " Obama announced in March that he would approve a portion of the pipeline , a part that runs from Cushing , Oklahoma -- a key repository of U.S. oil -- to the Gulf . He had said he was always in favor of permitting that portion , even when he blocked the full project . BP announces settlement over 2010 spill The other portion of the pipeline had stirred concerns of Nebraskans worried about underground water supplies . An aquifer in Nebraska provides drinking water for much of the state . They fear a pipeline burst would allow oil to seep into the Ogallala Aquifer , a massive water table beneath the Great Plains and one of the largest in the world . The aquifer provides drinking water for much of the state and is important for Nebraska 's agricultural economy . The previous route of the Keystone pipeline would have crossed the U.S. border in Montana , shortcutting an existing pipe that enters the United States in North Dakota . Currently , there are not enough pipelines to take the oil being produced in Canada and North Dakota to refineries and terminals on the Gulf . That means Midwest refineries can pay lower prices to get it . Giving the Canadian oil easier access to the Gulf means the glut in the Midwest goes away , making it more expensive for the region , but it would increase the amount of that oil available to global markets . The House on Wednesday approved a Republican bill that aims to fast-track the Keystone project as part of another 90-day extension of federal transportation funding . The 293-127 vote allows Boehner to begin negotiations with Senate Democrats over a longer-term funding measure for road , rail and bridge projects .	NEW : "  The president is running out excuses " to block pipeline , John Boehner says The route is east of the one initially proposed , a state spokesman says The pipeline is intended to carry crude oil from Canada to the U.S. Gulf Coast U.S. President Barack Obama had approved a portion of the previous route
CNN  -- Defending champion Novak Djokovic will play Rafael Nadal in the final of the ATP World Tour Finals at London 's O2 Arena after both men comfortably overcame their Swiss opponents in Sunday 's semifinals . World No. 1 Nadal dispatched his old adversary Roger Federer in straight sets 7-5 6-3 to book only his second appearance in the season-ending tournament final while Djokovic dismissed Stanislas Wawrinka 6-3 6-3 . The results set up what should be an absorbing match on Monday evening and a fitting finale to a season the Serb and the Spaniard have dominated . Together , the pair have amassed more than $ 20 million in prize money in 2013 and won 16 titles -- Nadal has ten to Djokovic 's six . They have met three times on hardcourts this year with Nadal shading it 2-1 thanks to wins in Montreal in August and the following month at Flushing Meadows . But Djokovic won their most recent encounter at the China Open in straight sets and is unbeaten in 21 matches since losing to the Spaniard at the U.S. Open . "  It 's going to be a great final . I hope all the crowd will enjoy it because we definitely do on the court . It 's always a thrilling competition between me and Rafa . It 's the biggest match of this part of the year for both of us and we want to end up with the title . The better  man  will win , " Djokovic said . Nadal is also looking forward to the challenge . "  It 's the perfect way to finish the season , probably one of the best seasons of my career , " Nadal said after his victory over Federer . "  This is a special tournament but I have lost here before and not had the most luck , so it 's great to be in the final . " Nadal overcame Federer in 79 minutes shading a hard-fought first set before easing through the second as Federer was let down by some untidy errors . A loose forehand gifted Nadal a break of serve before a wayward volley handed Nadal a 75th win of the season in a remarkable comeback year . "  I just struggled to stay consistent enough throughout the match and that 's why he deserved to win . He was better today , " Federer said afterwards . Djokovic , meanwhile , coasted to victory over Wawrinka who was competing in his first ATP World Tour Finals . The 28-year-old Swiss broke the Serb in the third game , before Djokovic assumed total control . The world No. 2 broke back in the next game and again in the eighth before serving out the set . Wawrinka then lost his opening service game in the second as Djokovic once again quietly dominated with a trademark blend of defense and attack . "  It was a very enjoyable match for me today . The performance was by far the best so far in the tournament , " Djokovic said .	World No. 1 and World No. 2 will play in Monday 's final at London 's O2 Arena Nadal beat Roger Federer 7-5 6-3 while Djokovic beat Stanislas Wawrinka 6-3 6-3 Pair have met three times on hardcourts this season with Nadal winning twice Djokovic triumphed in most recent encounter in China and is unbeaten in 21 matches
CNN Student News  -- January 9 , 2014 Today 's edition of CNN Student News takes a by-the-numbers look at the upcoming Winter Olympics in Sochi , Russia . We also explore avalanche dangers in snowy , backcountry terrain , and we look into a controversy over some student-athletes ' reading scores . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might media coverage of an international sports event be different in the host country than it might be in other countries ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Sochi , Russia 2 . avalanche 3 . NCAA Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Where will this year 's Winter Olympic Games be held ? When do the Games begin ? 2 . What is an avalanche ? Why is this a dangerous occurrence ? 3 . What did a recent CNN investigation reveal about some student-athletes in revenue sports at certain major colleges ? How have some of the colleges responded to those findings ? Discussion Questions : 1 . According to the report , what superlatives could be attached to this year 's Olympics ? What factors do you think contribute to the cost of hosting the Olympics ? 2 . Have you ever been skiing or snowboarding ? If so , what advice would you give to someone trying these sports for the first time ? 3 . Why is there some concern over the reading abilities of some college athletes ? What kinds of problems could low reading levels cause for college students ? In your opinion , how should colleges determine who should be admitted as student-athletes ? 4 . Why do you think some colleges refused to provide data on their student-athletes ' reading scores ? Why do you think some were willing to provide this information ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- A swarm of poisonous spiders has wreaked havoc in a remote town in northeast India , scaring its inhabitants and possibly killing two people . According to a report Sunday in The Times of India , a large number of spiders descended on the town of Sadiya in Assam as a local festival came to end on May 8 and sparked panic as residents tried to avoid the swarm . The report said that scores of people later visited the town 's hospital with spider bites and a middle-aged man and a teenage boy died after being bitten by the spiders . The incident alarmed local officials who told residents to stay indoors and considered spraying the town with insecticide , the report said . Jintu Gogoi told The Times he felt excruciating pain and nausea after being bitten by one of the spiders and his finger was black and swollen . However , the attack has puzzled spider experts . Last month , LR Saikia and a team of researchers from Dibrugarh University visited the town to investigate what had happened . Saikia told CNN that he believed the man may have died from a snake bite , while the boy may not have suffered any bite at all . "  The evidence that we gathered does not support the claim that they died after being bitten by spiders , " Saikia said . Saikia added that the man 's relatives appeared to have taken him to traditional spiritual healers instead of qualified doctors when symptoms appeared . He confirmed that about 12 people have visited hospitals in the area recently , complaining of spider bites . "  Only two of them were confirmed bitten by spiders . But they were ordinary spiders , " Saikia said . Investigators drew their conclusions from questioning relatives of the two dead people about the type of bite marks and symptoms , Saikia said . Some 20 spiders resembling tarantulas from the incident were handed over to investigators during their week-long stay . Tarantulas indigenous to the region are not known to be fatally venomous , but about five of the recovered spiders are currently undergoing tests . When asked if spiders were likely to have swarmed the town of just under 1,000 people , Saikia said , "  This is just a story ... based on rumors . " CNN 's Harmeet Singh in Delhi contributed to this report	Indian newspaper reports a spider attack on remote town Two people killed and scores bitten by tarantula-like spiders Expert questions whether deaths caused by spider bites Spiders collected from town are undergoing tests
CNN  -- World No. 1 Novak Djokovic has set his sights on a first French Open title after beating second-ranked Rafael Nadal in a epic five-set Australian Open final on Sunday . The Melbourne final was the longest ever played in one of tennis ' four grand slams , as Djokovic claimed his fifth major crown and third in Melbourne with a 5-7 6-4 6-2 6-7 7-5 win in five hours and 53 minutes . When asked if this was his greatest win , the Serbian -- who has beaten Nadal in the last three grand slam finals -- told reporters : "  Yes . Right now , yes . "  This one I think comes out on the top because we played almost six hours ... I think it 's probably the longest finals in the history of all grand slams , and just to hear that fact is making me cry . Can anyone stop champion Djokovic ? "  I 'm very proud just to be part of this history , part of the elite of the players that have won this tournament several times . "  I was very flattered to be playing in front of Rod Laver , in front of the all-time greats , and in front of 15,000 people that stayed until 1:30 a.m. " Australian legend Laver is the last man to hold all four grand slam titles at one time , having achieved that feat for a second time in 1969 . Djokovic can match that if he wins the French Open for the first time in June , though his quadruple slam would be in a non-calendar year . The 24-year-old hopes to improve his performance at Roland Garros , where last year he was beaten in the semifinals by 16-time major winner Roger Federer to end a 43-match winning run . "  I 'm prioritizing grand slams this year , as every year , and the Olympic Games , " the 24-year-old said . "  I think that 's one of my highest goals . "  So I want to do well and I want to get the first final at least in Paris . I have never been in finals there , and I have a feeling that I 'm ready this year to achieve that . " Djokovic has now won seven successive finals against Nadal , including Wimbledon and the U.S. Open , but he gave due credit to the 2009 Australian Open champion after their marathon match . "  Unfortunately there had to only be one winner because we both gave it all . We both put 100 % of our abilities on the court and played to the last moment , " he said . "  There could n't be two winners , but he definitely deserved to be a winner as well . I would be saying same thing if I was sitting here as a loser . " After an intensive fortnight of competition , Djokovic said he planned to ban his friends from talking to him about tennis . "  Please , yes , " he joked when asked he was going to take a break from the game . "  I 'm going to definitely try to get that message to them . "	Novak Djokovic is focused on success at the French Open and Olympic Games in 2012 The world No. 1 beat Rafael Nadal in the longest grand slam final in tennis history The marathon five-set Australian Open clash lasted five hours and 53 minutes Djokovic has now defeated 10-time major winner Nadal in the last three grand slam finals
CNN  -- Elena Lidawi is preparing her piano students to take part in a national competition . Lidawi 's students will not perform in front of the judges in person , but by video conferencing . Lidawi teaches at Gaza Music School and the Palestinian national competition they will enter in March and April is only 50 miles away in Jerusalem . But the children are unable to leave Gaza because of travel restrictions imposed by Israel . Israel imposed an economic blockade of Gaza when Hamas won control of Gaza in 2007 , to stop what it says is the transit of weaponry to be used by militants in attacks on Israel . Movement of people is severely limited . This is one of many logistical problems faced by staff and students at Gaza Music School , the only music school in the 360 square kilometer strip of land controlled by Israel . The school was set up three years ago by the UK-based Qattan Foundation and is about to be transferred to the Palestinian Edward Said National Conservatory of Music , which has branches in Jerusalem , Ramallah , Bethlehem and Nablus . Lidawi , a 38-year-old Russian who has lived in Gaza for 12 years , has taught piano at the school since it opened three years ago . She entered pupils into the same bi-annual competition two years ago and was pleased with their performance . "  My piano pupils took third and fourth place in the competition , " she said . "  We worked very hard to prepare , and both myself and the pupils were very happy . The Gazan students competed by video conference against other Palestinians who were able to travel to Jerusalem to compete . " Gaza Music School opened toward the end of 2008 , but within months it had been destroyed in the Israeli invasion of Gaza . Israel launched an air and ground military assault on Gaza in December 2008 and January 2009 in an operation against Hamas . Omar Qattan , secretary of board of the Qattan Foundation , said : "  Luckily there was no-one in the building at the time . The academic director had salvaged as many of the instruments as he could by taking them home . "  We decided immediately to reopen it . We rented new premises and managed to open again in the April  2009  . " Lidawi said of the attack : "  During the invasion I was evacuated to Jordan . When the building was bombed everything was destroyed . Many instruments , such as the piano , were destroyed . " Reopened in a new building in a different part of Gaza , the school now has 130 students and is so oversubscribed that only 15 % of applicants are accepted . The school specializes in Arabic instruments such as the kanoun , a triangular stringed instrument a little like a horizontal harp , and the oud , a pear-shaped stringed instrument similar to a lute , and also teaches Western classical instruments and music theory . Qattan said : "  Our biggest logistical challenge has been getting both instruments and teachers because of the restrictions . I have n't been able to go myself since 2006 . " Palestinians are allowed in and out of Gaza only under very exceptional conditions . Their movement is controlled by both Israel 's blockade of Gaza and by the Hamas government . Hamas is considered a terrorist organization by Israel , the United States and the European Union . More from Inside the Middle East : My Syria , by ` greatist living ' Arab poet The school is being taken over by the Edward Said National Conservatory of Music in March after its three-year pilot by the Qattan Foundation to ensure it has the best possible academic program . The Qattan Foundation works to develop culture and education in the Palestinian Territories and the Arab world , with a particular focus on children , teachers and young artists . Suhail Khoury , director of the Edward Said National Conservatory of Music , said of Gaza Music School , "  It 's an excellent school . It 's an oasis . The teachers have been doing a marvelous job in keeping the school going . There 's a lot of talent , it just needs to be nurtured . "  It makes an incredible difference to the children and families in Gaza . It 's a tough place and this is the first time there 's something like this happening on a serious academic level . " However , he added : "  Our biggest worry is the access . Last December I was allowed to go to Gaza for the first time in 14 years , so that was a big step . " Khoury said technology is vital in helping navigate the travel restrictions in place in Gaza and the West Bank . "  We use video conferencing for interviewing prospective teachers , auditioning and sometimes giving classes . "  We hold a bi-annual national competition and the Gaza students participate by video conference . "  Sometimes it can be tough because the timing is n't very accurate . "  Nothing is straightforward . Exams are not going to be easy , but we have to use the technology as best we can , " he said . Khoury said that logistical issues such as sourcing instruments and making travel arrangements take up a large proportion of the management 's time . "  It 's a logistical nightmare , " he said . "  We ca n't hold any of our regular concerts or festivals in Gaza . "  When I visited Gaza you apply and wait and hear nothing , and then suddenly you 're told you can go but it has to be tomorrow , so you drop everything and go . But you ca n't do that with visiting artists . " "  Getting instruments and materials into Gaza is also a problem , but we have had great help from friends in international circles . " More from Inside the Middle East : Film director shares sights and sounds of Beirut 's ` Little Armenia ' Ramzy , a 24-year-old Palestinian American visiting piano teacher who asked for his full name not to be used is working at the school for a few months . He traveled into Gaza at the Rafah crossing from Egypt unsure whether his visa had been approved or whether he would be let in . After nine hours at the border , he was finally admitted to Gaza . He said : "  In the first week it really hit me deep . I was so happy to see the children enjoying themselves and proud of their work . "  The children were hanging around the school and sharing music even when they had no classes on , and that 's a music teacher 's dream . "	Gaza Music School was destroyed in Israeli invasion soon after opening three years ago It has been rebuilt and is being taken over by Palestinian national music conservatory School must find innovative ways around Gaza travel restrictions
CNN  -- After the blood letting and recriminations in the wake of Lance Armstrong 's doping confession , cycling continues to face questions over whether the sport is riding clean . The fall out from Armstrong 's public confession sent shock waves through the sport and current Tour de France leader Chris Froome has voiced his frustration at continued questions about doping . So much so that Team Sky gave French newspaper L'Equipe data of 18 of Froome 's climbs since he made his major breakthrough in 2011 , leaving the French newspaper 's sports science expert , Fred Grappe , satisfied the results were consistent with doping-free riding . Froome 's teammate and reigning Tour de France champion , four-time Olympic gold medalist and Knight of the British realm Bradley Wiggins insists the sport is on the path to a bright future . Transparency The 33-year-old 's place in cycling 's elite circle was cemented by his success in the sport 's showcase event 12 months ago , the first time a Briton has claimed the coveted crown . And though injury has robbed him of the chance to defend his title in 2013 , Wiggins thinks the sport is in rude health now the furore surrounding its shamed American star has begun to subside . "  The thing with the whole Lance story is his confession was n't the tip of the iceberg where now all these other problems of the sport have now arisen , " Wiggins told CNN 's Changing Gears series , speaking ahead of the Tour de France . "  His problem was the final chapter of how the sport was 10 , 15 years ago . That can now be put to bed and we can focus now on what 's great about the sport now and the athletes we have . "  I think that 's a great starting point for the future of the sport . " Armstrong was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles after admitting to persistent use of banned substances during his halcyon days at the sport 's lofty peak . Wiggins denies the supremacy of Team Sky in last year 's race -- that hinted they could dominate for years to come -- could propel other teams and riders towards the illicit substances that robbed Armstrong of his legacy . "  I do n't think they 're thinking that , " he said . "  I think we 're the role model , the template of how things are being done now . There 's no secret of how we 're doing it . We 're very transparent , very clear . "  There 's been a lot of riders at this team that have left for other teams that know how it works here , so slowly that will get around and I do n't think people  will  revert back to that . "  I think the sport is in such a strong position with the anti-doping , the biological passports , that it 's becoming harder and harder for people to go back to the old ways . "  I think one of the things that stood out for me , with the whole Lance Armstrong thing , was that he even said 10 , 15 years ago there was no out of competition testing . "  It 's a daily thing with the whereabouts system , giving your whereabouts seven days of the week . It 's a completely different sport now and I think we 're leading the way as a sport for other sports to follow . "  No matter what you 're doing , you 'll always get people that are cynical and are doubters . "  But by continuing to do what we 're doing by answering these questions and putting ourselves out there to be shot at in time , it might take 15 years , I think we will gain credibility . " Unfolding drama A measure of the strength in depth in the sport is evident even within Wiggins ' own Team Sky ranks . Even if the 33-year-old had been fit enough to take part in this year 's Tour , he would have been playing a supporting role to teammate and fellow countryman Froome , who finished second behind Wiggins in the 2012 Tour , but has dominated this year 's race . Wiggins has since stated he might not take part in Le Tour again , citing the sacrifices required as too demanding for him and his young family . But even if he does n't grace the roads of France again , Wiggins remains in no doubt as to the competition 's pedigree . "  I think for a professional cyclist it 's the height of your sport , " he explained . "  I 'm sat here now as the current winner of the Tour de France , sports personality in the UK , Sir Bradley Wiggins , and I 've got that because I won the Tour de France . "  People are in love with this sport and they 're in love with it because of the drama that unfolds each day -- the grit and determination people have to go through to win and I think that 's what inspires people . "  It 's had a tainted history but I think all that is a reminder of where the sport was and where it is now . And it 's in a great position . " While its place in the pantheon of sporting theater is assured , Wiggins can attest to its attrition . For its legions of fans , watching elite athletes push the limits of endurance day after day is as captivating a sight as there is , but that does n't mean it is always fun to participate in . "  It 's one thing racing the tour and being part of it and getting to Paris , " Wiggins said . "  It 's another thing being up there , even wearing the jersey and being on telly every day and interviewed every day . "  At the time it 's stressful , it 's maybe not enjoyable all the time . But when you look back , when you look at it , you think ` that was some experience really ' so it 's an incredible thing .	Tour de France champion Bradley Wiggins says cycling has a bright future Wiggins says sport can move on after Lance Armstrong 's revelations on doping First Tour after Armstrong 's confession will occur without injured Wiggins Englishman says Tour still seen as the pinnacle of any cyclist 's career
Oprah.com  -- In 1977 , my friend Brenda and I went for dinner at a little Chinese restaurant called Empress Garden . She had the lemon chicken , I had the shrimp har kow , and we each had an egg roll because in 1977 you could eat sugar and fat and deep-fried everything without its signifying that the apocalypse is at hand . Our waiter placed the entrées in front of us and ceremoniously lifted the shiny silver domes . Brenda 's chicken was crunchy on the outside , moist on the inside , lemony all over , and I knew in an instant that I 'd made a hideous error in judgment -- I should 've gone with the chicken . I tell you this story to illustrate my willingness to admit when I 've made a mistake . In fact , I 've rarely ordered a breakfast , lunch , or dinner I did n't regret ; at this very moment , I 'm wishing I had an iced tea instead of a Diet Coke . But aside from the food thing and one very adorable guy in the early '80s who was all you 'd want in a man except for the fact that he was also looking for all you 'd want in a man , I am never , ever wrong . Now , I 'm not saying I always take my own advice or trust my own instincts . I 'm merely suggesting that the world would be a much better place if everyone else were to do exactly what I tell them to do . Arrogant ? You bet . Narcissistic ? I suppose . But c'mon , admit it , you 've had the very same thought kicking around for years . Still , I 'm the one with the column -- so now without further ado ... Everything I know about the world and how you  yes , you !  should live your life : 1 . If you ca n't get a babysitter , for the love of God , stay home ! I do n't want to be sitting next to little Charlotte and Duncan as they fight over a Raisinet at the midnight screening of Atonement . You wanted kids , so suck it up , walk it off , subscribe to Netflix . 2 . If your outgoing phone message is longer than , let 's say , the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian of the Year segment of the Oscars ® , it 's time to rerecord . 3 . Calling to let your friend know you 're running late does not excuse your constantly running late . 4 . I 'd like to say a few words to every crabby traveler who responds with disgust whenever a baby cries on an airplane . Perhaps you do n't know how babies work , but there 's been a study , and it turns out that giving a 4-month-old the stink eye does n't actually accomplish anything . Either have a little compassion or a little Ambien . 5 . Here 's something for any gentleman who may be reading this : If you look good in a Speedo , you will look even better in virtually any other kind of swimsuit . 6 . I am a cynic . I am a pessimist . I came of age with the Watergate hearings playing on the tiny TV in our avocado green kitchen . But every four years , I wrestle my apathy into submission , read up on the issues , and cast my ballot . You must vote . I do n't care who you vote for  that 's not really true -- I think you should be penciling in my name  , but you 've got ta get in the game . 7 . One word : Floss . 8 . Any man who begins a conversation with , "  I do n't want to hurt your feelings ... " is about to hurt your feelings . It 's the kind of phrase that 's never followed by , " ... but I just do n't think you 're eating enough . Please have more lasagna while I get you a brownie . " Other opening gambits that pretty much scream duck-and-cover include : "  Do n't take this the wrong way ... , " "  You can feel free to say no ... , " and the always popular "  Look ... " 9 . Enough with celeb gossip . The problems of Britney and Jamie Lynn Spears should not be competing for the headline space in our brains . We have to be smarter than that , and if we 're not , we have to pretend that we are . 10 . Get so excellent at something  long division , friendship , Parcheesi , removing cranberry juice stains , decoupage -- it does n't matter what  that your genius will be impossible to ignore and your legendary expertise at removing cranberry juice stains while dividing six-digit numbers by 37 will either bring you glory beyond your wildest dreams or , at the very least , help you feel vaguely competent as you make your way through the world . 11 . Allow me to demystify the entire real estate market for you : Gracious means ridiculously small . Quaint means a total wreck and ridiculously small . Spacious , airy , luxurious , and grand all mean ridiculously small . 12 . I like a plastic bag and a bottle of water as much as the next self-involved me monkey , but it takes 430,000 gallons of oil to manufacture 100 million grocery bags , and if I were capable of doing even the most basic arithmetic , I 'd say -- well , who are we kidding ? I 'm not capable of doing even the most basic arithmetic -- just know that we 're in great danger of making Al Gore really , really mad . 13 . Words matter . It 's time to stop prettifying the ugly stuff . Spousal abuse means wife beating . Global warming means the Earth is toast . Enhanced interrogation means torture . And here 's a bit of trivia for you : The Bush administration did not coin the phrase enhanced interrogation . Nor did it come from Jack Bauer on "  24 . " Nope , it was the Gestapo that originated that little bon mot back in 1937 . 14 . To quote Elmer Fudd , "  Be bwave , widdoe wabbit . " Take a chance , wear your heart on your sleeve , ask the most attractive man in the room to dance , say what you want , demand what you 're entitled to . There 's a pretty decent chance that you wo n't get it , but who will you be if you never even try ? Note : Only attempt the dance invitation if there 's actual music playing . 15 . Sometimes I worry that we 've all become workaholics -- because getting through life can be really hard work . But  with apologies to the fine people who pay my salary every week here at the fabulous Hearst Corporation  we need to log off , go home , and remember what it is to have dinner , conversation , and sex ... not necessarily in that order . By Lisa Kogan from "  O , The Oprah Magazine , " March 2008 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Highly opinionated columnist offers advice on wide range of topics An apology does n't cut it if you 're always running late All men would look better in something other than a Speedo Take a chance , wear your heart on your sleeve to get what you want
Madrid  CNN  -- Two Spanish journalists experienced in covering wars have been kidnapped in Syria by a group linked to al Qaeda , the newspaper El Mundo said Tuesday . The two journalists -- El Mundo staff correspondent Javier Espinosa and freelance photographer Ricardo Garcia Vilanova -- were kidnapped September 16 , foreign editor Ana Alonso told CNN . Garcia was traveling with Espinosa but not on assignment for El Mundo . After nearly three months of trying to secure their release quietly , El Mundo 's top editor , Pedro J. Ramirez , said the paper , in conjunction with the family , decided to make public the kidnappings on December 10 , which the United Nations designates annually as international Human Rights Day . "  Their captivity is a flagrant violation of human rights , of their free movement , and of all citizens who have the right to receive their information and images , " Ramirez said at a Madrid news conference Tuesday . Espinosa , 49 , and Garcia , 42 , have made numerous trips to war-torn Syria , often together , and they organized their most recent visit together , Alonso said . Espinosa was previously kidnapped while covering a conflict in Sierra Leone , and Garcia was kidnapped last year in Syria for about 12 days , said Gervasio Sanchez , a Spanish veteran war photographer who knows both men , at the Madrid news conference . Both were subsequently released . This time , the newspaper and families got word through intermediaries that the two men were alive and being treated relatively well as of a month ago , in the same Syrian province where they were kidnapped . Ramirez said the paper believes both are still alive , although it is not clear if they are being held in the same location . Spain is involved in trying to secure the release of the two kidnapped journalists , but "  with absolute discretion , " Spanish Foreign Minister Jose Manuel Garcia-Margallo said Tuesday . The government is in "  constant contact with the families " Garcia-Margallo told reporters at an event in Madrid , the Foreign Ministry said . Espinosa 's wife , also a journalist , pleaded for the return of her husband and his colleague . "  Javier and Ricardo are not your enemy . Please , honor the revolution they protected , and set them free , " Monica Prieto said during an emotional press conference in Beirut on Tuesday . "  Today we appeal to the Syrian people and all armed groups to help release Javier and Ricardo , who have always been committed to show the human face and suffering of the Syrian people during these very difficult times . " The newspaper reported the men were kidnapped at the Tal Abyad checkpoint in Raqqa province , close to the Turkish border , as they prepared to leave Syria after two weeks of coverage . Italian journalist held captive in Syria is headed home Their captors are reported to be members of a group linked to the al Qaeda-backed Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and have not revealed demands to free the two . Initially , the captors said they wanted to ensure the two journalists were not spies , El Mundo said . The journalists were traveling with four fighters from the Free Syrian Army , who were also kidnapped , but released 12 days later . The fighters were supposed to have provided protection to the Spaniards , the newspaper reported . Last year , Espinosa was in the same makeshift press center in Baba Amr , Homs province , where correspondent Marie Colvin of The Sunday Times of London and French photographer Remi Ochlik were killed . El Mundo reported an activist from Homs contacted the al Qaeda-linked captors to plead , unsuccessfully , for the release of the two Spanish journalists , telling them that Espinosa had helped evacuate wounded from Baba Amr last year . Another longtime Spanish war correspondent , Marc Marginedas , 46 , was kidnapped in Syria on September 4 , apparently by jihadi combatants near the city of Hama , his newspaper , El Periodico de Catalunya , reported on September 24 . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : El Mundo editor says abductions are in "  flagrant violation of human rights " NEW : Wife of one captured journalist pleads for the return of the two abducted men The two Spanish journalists were abducted in September , newspaper says Their captors are believed to be linked to an al Qaeda-backed group
CNN  -- Police are looking for the husband of a bride who was found stabbed to death in her bathtub on Sunday . She was still in the sequined cocktail dress she wore to her wedding reception , police said . Authorities in the Chicago suburb of Burbank , Illinois , are looking for Arnoldo Jimenez , 30 , on a first-degree murder warrant in the death of Estrella Carrera , 26 . Jimenez is still at large , police said . Jimenez and Carrera were married on Friday at City Hall in Chicago , according to authorities . Carrera 's cousin , Sandy Lopez , told CNN affiliate WBBM the couple had been together for three years . They celebrated their union with family and friends with dinner and a limo ride to at least one nightclub , according to police . The newlyweds were dropped off around 4 a.m. on Saturday , and proceeded home , police said . "  She was happy . She was fine . Did nothing out of the ordinary at all , " Lopez told WBBM . On Saturday relatives called police to say Carrera had failed to pick up her children , ages 2 and 8 , police said Monday . Police later found Carrera , wearing the same dress she wore at her reception , dead in the bathtub of her home . There were no signs of forced entry , police said . "  I  t is important to know that this appears to be an isolated incident stemming from a domestic situation and the investigation is continuing , " police said Monday , before obtaining the warrant . Lopez told WBBM she had "  no idea why somebody would do this to her . " Jimenez was last seen driving a black 2006 Maserati . Burbank Police , in conjunction with the South Suburban Major Crimes Task Force , continue to investigate the case . The police department did not immediately return a telephone call Tuesday seeking comment .	Police issue first-degree murder warrant for husband Husband Arnoldo Jimenez has not been located Jimenez and Carrera were last seen after their wedding reception Carrera was found stabbed to death wearing formal dress
Indian police have arrested a second man in connection with the rape of a 5-year-old girl in New Delhi , a police spokesman said Monday . The second suspect is accused of being an accomplice in the case , which has prompted protests in the streets of New Delhi . He is being transferred to New Delhi from Bihar state in eastern India for questioning and DNA tests , said Delhi police spokesman Rajan Bhagat . Police say the first suspect arrested in the case , Manoj Kumar , told them about the alleged accomplice during questioning . Kumar , the girl 's neighbor , is accused of abducting her on April 14 , locking her in his home and raping her repeatedly . She was found semiconscious three days later . Doctors said they had to remove objects , including candle pieces and a small bottle , from the girl 's genitals . Her condition has since stabilized . Alleged rape of 5-year-old spurs protests The situation has taken on another sordid aspect after the girl 's family said that police officers had tried to bribe them to keep quiet about the case . Senior police officials have ordered a separate investigation into those allegations . The assault on the 5-year-old came just four months after a 23-year-old physiotherapy student was gang-raped in a bus in New Delhi , setting off furious protests in India . She later died at a Singapore hospital . That attack raised a lot of questions about the treatment of women in India , with the country 's news media suddenly turning their attention to some of the thousands of rape cases reported in the nation each year . The case of the 5-year-old has now drawn attention to violent crimes against children , particularly girls . In a recent report , the Asian Center For Human Rights cited statistics it said showed 48,338 child rape cases were reported in India between 2001 and 2011 . The report said the number of cases had risen from 2,113 cases in 2001 to 7,112 in 2011 . The 5-year-old girl 's case sparked protests in New Delhi last week . Many demonstrators are members of a political party of the leading anti-corruption activist , Arvind Kejriwal . Criticized for what was seen as his late response to the December gang-rape , Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh promptly issue a statement this time , calling the act "  shameful . "	Allegations police tried to bribe the girl 's family to keep quiet are being investigated The second suspect is alleged to be an accomplice in the attack , police said The attack has prompted protests in the streets of New Delhi More than 7,000 child rape cases were reported in India in 2011
NEW YORK  CNN  -- While shoulder pads and big hair are no longer part of the Bangles ' repertoire , those glorious harmonies remain . The Bangles just started on a new CD and have stayed active by touring . The '80s band  whose members are n't entirely sold on that description  recently powered through a set at Sirus XM Radio 's New York headquarters as part of the company 's "  Artist Confidential " series . An audience of happy fans watched from outside a studio as Susanna Hoffs and sisters Vicki and Debbi Peterson attempted to rattle the glass walls with the melodious "  Manic Monday " and an electric "  Hazy Shade of Winter . " The Bangles broke up at the end of the decade , after also having hits with "  Eternal Flame " and "  Walk Like an Egyptian , " but re-formed in 2000 . In 2003 , they released the album "  Doll Revolution . " They 've just started on a new CD . These days , there are only three members ; bassist Michael Steele left the group in 2005 . Watch the group draw the line at walking like an Egyptian " Hoffs , now 50 but looking nowhere near it , celebrates the release of a side project next month : a collection of '70s covers with musician Matthew Sweet called "  Under The Covers Vol . 2 . " The Bangles talked to CNN about fine wine , being horrified by the decade that made them and stumbling across embarrassing photos on the Web . CNN : What 's it like performing together now ? Is it easier or more enjoyable than it was in the '80s ? Susanna Hoffs : For me , it is . One nice thing about getting older is that we 're better musicians , and we play better . Vicki Peterson : And slightly more relaxed as humans . And maybe we have a little more perspective . Hoffs : That fine wine mellowing .  It  has happened to us as well . Vicki Peterson : Yes , the drinking of the fine wine , not the being of the fine wine . Debbi Peterson : We 've mellowed out , man . CNN : Well , that 's kind of boring , is n't it ? Hoffs : Do n't worry . We still have our edgy moments . CNN : Now that you all have families , how do you juggle recording an album and going on the road ? Hoffs : There 's a lot of text messaging . It 's mostly scheduling . It 's crazy how busy we are . But it 's OK . It 's just juggling . It 's like any working mother . CNN : How 's the new album coming along ? Vicki Peterson : We just sort of started it , scratched the surface . ... We 've been having a good time , and we 're experimenting with technology . Both Susanna and I have studios in our home , so that 's going to open up our scheduling a little bit . We 're also recording as we write , which we 've never done before . So it 's an interesting process . CNN : Do you have a deadline ? Hoffs : No . No record label , no deadline . And that 's kind of what 's fun about it . Vicki Peterson : No one breathing down our necks . Hopefully we get it done . Because normally we need deadlines or we do n't do anything . CNN : Why do you think people are still so fascinated with the '80s ? Hoffs : I 've been thinking about that a lot lately . Because during the '80s , we were sort of horrified by the '80s ! No , not horrified ... but we were shocked by how silly a lot of it was . And kitsch . Debbi Peterson : And big hair . Vicki Peterson : And not in synch with our own time . Hoffs : We were little girls who grew up being obsessed with all things '60s , because to us , the '60s was like the Renaissance . It was like the golden age of culture , art and music , films and fashion . I think there 's an aspect to the '80s that no matter what you think about it , it was just silly and fun and lighthearted . There was n't a lot of protest music going on . There was n't a lot of super-meaningful stuff , except there was great indie rock that came out of the '80s . It was just fun . CNN : But ultimately , you do n't identify yourselves as an '80s band , do you ? Vicki Peterson : No , we do n't . Even in the '80s , we felt a little out of our element . Hoffs : And yet I wore the terrible shoulder pads . Debbi Peterson : We 're all guilty of that one . Hoffs : Why did I do that ? CNN : Do you often look back at old photos ? Hoffs : The problem is the Internet . Everything 's on there now . It 's inescapable . Vicki Peterson : Everything lives forever . CNN : Do you self-Google just to torture yourselves ? Debbi Peterson : Never . Vicki Peterson :  jokingly  That 's a rather personal question , is n't it ? Hoffs : I 've been known to do it , just to kind of see what 's out there , and it 's a very dangerous , slippery slope . One should not do it too often . Vicki Peterson : I would n't recommend it . CNN : What do you think about social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter and MySpace ? Hoffs : I think if it 's not twitter-lating , then one must not spend too much time doing it . Twittering . I ca n't go down that path yet . ... Vicki Peterson : Tweeting actually is the verb . One tweets . Hoffs : I know , but I 've created the new "  twitter-lating . " It 's my own personal statement on it . It 's just too many things to keep track of . And it 's too many things that are about the moment . Vicki Peterson : There 's a complete lack of the inner critic , a complete lack of editing . Everything is out there all the time . There 's no mystery . I do n't think I want the world to know my innermost thoughts . CNN : Are there any girl bands out there that impress you ? Vicki Peterson : It 's a rare breed still for whatever reason . Antigone Rising opened for us here in New York . They were wonderful . Debbi Peterson : The Donnas . Hoffs : People do n't realize how awesome it is and how fun it is , having the camaraderie with other women . Women get together and do other things . Why not play music together ? There 's a certain something about it that 's very compelling . CNN : Take me back to the moment when you decided to reunite . Vicki Peterson : It was a long , drawn-out moment . It lasted about three years . Hoffs : I was the instigator . You guys would admit that , too . Vicki Peterson : Absolutely . At ever-increasingly close intervals , she would call . Eventually , we did all get on the phone together and decide that the idea was a good one . We were all making music with other people , and there is a certain magic to the Bangles when we sing together . Debbi Peterson : The voices . Vicki Peterson : And the writing . I missed the writing partnership .	The Bangles were '80s hitmakers with "  Walk Like an Egyptian , " "  Eternal Flame " Group broke up in late '80s , re-formed in 2000 ; enjoying touring , recording Susanna Hoffs says she 's shocked at how silly the '80s were
It 's a powerful thing : the airline window seat . Kids clamor for them . Shutterbugs are drawn to them . And some of us ca n't not look out the window . See iReporters ' window seat photos Statistics suggest that window seat passengers may enjoy their flights more . But changes are afoot for this travel touchstone . Some of the most desirable window seats come at a premium now . And that may shift how we feel about them . And let 's face it , if all the photos snapped from airplane windows are any indication , we LOVE them . Why all the love ? Sure , the stunning 30,000-foot views are cool . But for some travelers , it 's deeper than that . Really ? Can you analyze a traveler 's personality by their favorite airplane seat ? Of course not ; do n't be ridiculous . But let 's do it anyway . First , let 's take a look at the aisle seaters , who are passionate in their own right about airline seating . Screw the view ; these folks are all business . "  The aisle person is looking to get some work done , " said Courtney Scott , Travelocity 's travel blogger . They want quick access to the cabin door -- or the restroom . And to get that access , they 're willing to put up with collisions with passing airline attendants and rattling snack carts . Aisle seaters sacrifice frequently standing up and sitting down -- and returning their "  folding trays to their full upright position " -- to make way for the middle and window seaters . For window seaters , it 's not just about the view  or something to lean on  . It 's about the experience ! These fliers often are the true romantics . Need proof ? Search #windowseat on Twitter and you 'll find plenty of tweeters waxing about windows . Like Bouss ` n.Like.A.Bouss : Tweeting travelers have a lot of love for Erykah Badu 's 2010 hit song "  Window Seat . " You 'll find Tweeters singing it -- virtually -- online . "  Can I get a win-dow seat ? Do n't want nobody ... next to me , " the lyrics read . "  I just wan na ticket outta town ... a look around ... and a safe touch down . I just wan na chance to fly ... a chance to cry ... and a long bye-bye . " When it comes to heart-wrenching separations , the aisle seat just does n't pack the same cinematic punch . It 's been a century since the first U.S. commercial airline took to the sky . In that time , the window seat has become for many the best part of flying in an industry where complaints are all too frequent and the novelty of flight has faded . It attracts certain kinds of travelers , but it also can transform them . "  It 's a calmer seat , " Scott says . Stats on airline seats are hard to come by , but anecdotally , front aisle seats are "  generally considered most desirable " among Travelocity customers , Scott says . At Expedia , 21 % of customers over the past year picked window seats , 20 % chose the aisle , and the rest had no preference . A United Airlines satisfaction survey for Airbus A320 passengers showed slightly higher preference for windows over aisles . The consumer data collection site Hunch.com reports nearly seven out of 10 respondents prefer windows . "  Window choosers are more likely to be younger , female , shorter and more casual than their aisle compatriots , " Hunch wrote . "  They 're also more likely to be into nature . " Here 's what 's changing : Airlines are charging premium prices for some window and aisle seats . And that 's forcing passengers to choose the dreaded middle seat . It also makes it more difficult for families to sit in the same row if they 're not willing to pay extra . Airlines with preferred seating fees include American , Spirit , Frontier , US Airways , Allegiant , Ryan Air and Delta . Charging more for preferred seating offers passengers more seating choices and flexibility , Delta said in June . This is shifting "  the way that people view the window seat , " Scott said . "  It has become even more of a premium . " Fliers stung by window , aisle fees It 's not all blue skies with the window seats . The American College of Chest Physicians issued new health guidelines this year warning that sitting in window seats on long-distance flights can increase some people 's risk of developing life-threatening blood clots called deep vein thrombosis . Combine that with a higher risk of wetting yourself and stepping on strangers ' toes , and you can see how far passengers are willing to go for those killer views . Guidelines dispute "  economy class syndrome " And of course , who better to ask about the best air views than airline pilots ? They tell us that -- generally -- window seaters love flying in and out of New York LaGuardia ; Vancouver , British Columbia ; Sydney ; Hong Kong and San Francisco . Washington 's Reagan National Airport has an eye-popping approach known to pilots as "  river visual , " says pilot Justin Schlechter . The plane flies low over the Potomac , giving passengers on the left side amazing views of the Kennedy Center , the Lincoln Memorial and the National Mall . The descent into Anchorage , Alaska , Schlechter says , "  is spectacular , with unbelievable mountaintops just skimming below the aircraft . " Best seats : right side . And then there 's the constant reminder that you 're in a metal tube at 30,000 feet . In a famous 1963 episode of "  The Twilight Zone , " William Shatner plays a mentally disturbed flier who watches helplessly through the window while a gremlin tears the plane apart . "  It taps into that universal thought of ` if God intended us to fly , we would have wings , ' " the "  Star Trek " star told Business Jet Traveler . "  A lot of people getting on an airplane to this day still ca n't figure out why it flies . " Watch a two-minute version of "  The Twilight Zone " episode Window psychology factored into Boeing 's new 787 Dreamliner , says John Barratt , CEO of the Teague design firm . Barratt told Fortune magazine that designers wanted to "  bring some romance back " to air travel by reconnecting passengers "  to actually flying . " Result : bigger windows . Dreamliner windows measure 19 inches tall , 65 % larger than the industry standard , according to Boeing . The cool factor on these portals is high : a gel inside the glass allows passengers to brighten or darken the outside sunlight with the touch of a button . Finally , a word of advice from award-winning travel blogger Geraldine DeRuiter of Everywhereist.com : Do n't be the "  inconsiderate window seat guy . " If sunlight is burning through your window when many passengers are trying to sleep , please shut your shade . Otherwise , DeRuiter writes , you 'll be called out as "  heinous and rotten and selfish . " And you do n't want that -- no matter how amazing your view is . So ... which airplane seat do you prefer ? Why ? What does your choice say about your personality ? Should airlines charge fees to book preferred window seats ? We 're interested in your opinions and experiences . Cast your vote in the poll above and share your thoughts in the comment section below .	What does airline seating choice say about you ? Some airlines charging more for choice window seats Window seat culture includes Erykah Badu , William Shatner Pilots offer tips on best window seats and scenic routes
CNN  -- Americans in two dozen states from the Midwest to the Southeast and Northeast are shivering this week courtesy of a distorted polar vortex . The rush of cold air it 's sending southward is the biggest visitor from the North Pole since Santa Claus . The gifts it brings , however , are chilling and generally unwelcome . Much of the United States has plunged into a deep freeze from record low temperatures . CNN International senior meteorologist Brandon Miller answers a few pressing questions about this phenomenon . What is a polar vortex ? What distinguishes it ? The polar vortex , as it sounds , is circulation of strong , upper-level winds that normally surround the northern pole in a counterclockwise direction -- a polar low-pressure system . These winds tend to keep the bitter cold air locked in the Arctic regions of the Northern Hemisphere . It is not a single storm . On occasion , this vortex can become distorted and dip much farther south than you would normally find it , allowing cold air to spill southward . How frequently does this polar vortex distortion occur ? The upper-level winds that make up the polar vortex change in intensity from time to time . When those winds decrease significantly , it can allow the vortex to become distorted , and the result is a jet stream that plunges deep into southern latitudes , bringing the cold , dense Arctic air spilling down with it . This oscillation is known as the Arctic Oscillation and it can switch from a positive phase to negative phase a few times per year . This oscillation -- namely the negative phase where the polar winds are weaker -- tends to lead to major cold air outbreaks in one or more regions of the planet . Where on Earth can this happen ? The polar vortex can lead to major cold air outbreaks in any portion of the Northern Hemisphere -- North America , Europe and Asia . This will lead to cold snaps in multiple locations , though not always . How dangerous is a polar vortex distortion as compared to a tornado or hurricane ? Completely different type of systems . A cold air outbreak caused by the polar vortex is much more widespread and lasts longer than a single storm . With the widespread drop in temperature , however , you can see significant winter storms develop , especially when the cold air is initially advancing into a previously warm region -- much like the nor'easter this past week . When was the last big one to hit a densely populated area ? Serious cold snaps happen several times a year , though in different regions of the world and with different severities . Last March saw a significant decrease in temperature as a result of the polar vortex pushing into much of Europe . Many locations experienced an Easter holiday that was much colder than their Christmas holiday . The United Kingdom , for instance , had its coldest March in 50 years . If you get caught up in one , what should you do ? Again , it 's not a "  storm " that you get caught in . But when faced with significant cold temperatures , you should stay inside whenever possible , layer clothing if you must be outside , winterize your home and car , etc. . Is it a side effect of global warming and should we expect more events like this ? This is a hotly researched topic . In short , yes , it could be . It seems counterintuitive that global warming could cause significant cold snaps like this one , but some research shows that it could . We know that different types of extreme weather can result from the overall warming of the planet , melting of the Arctic Sea ice , etc. . This includes extreme distortions of the jet stream , which can cause heat waves in summer and cold snaps in winter . Parts of Western Europe have been battered by the worst storms for two decades during the past week -- are they related to the weather system in the United States ? They are related in a sense , but I would n't say "  caused by . " The storms in Europe are the result of a persistent pattern that has seen the jet stream parked near the United Kingdom and Ireland , which has brought a train of storm systems over the British Isles . This is the same jet stream , of course , that has plunged deep into the southern portions of the United States . So , the jet stream has been "  stuck " in a position that is allowing cold Arctic air to spill into much of the United States and Canada . But it is in a position that is bringing warmer , moist air from the Atlantic over Northwest Europe , resulting in the stormy conditions .	Polar vortex is circulation of strong , upper-level winds that normally surround the North Pole The distortion can lead to major cold air outbreaks in North America , Europe and Asia A cold air outbreak caused by the polar vortex is much more widespread than a single storm Research suggests the distortion could be a side effect of global warming
CNN  -- U.S. Rep. Rahm Emanuel will bring a "  tough-minded " and "  pragmatic " approach to the White House when he becomes President-elect Barack Obama 's chief of staff , according to people who know the Chicago , Illinois , native . Rep. Rahm Emanuel has experience in the White House , on Wall Street and on Capitol Hill . Emanuel , a former top aide to President Clinton , has accepted the position in the new administration , Obama confirmed in a statement Thursday . "  I announce this appointment first because the chief of staff is central to the ability of a president and administration to accomplish an agenda , " Obama said . "  And no one I know is better at getting things done than Rahm Emanuel . " In the job , Emanuel would oversee the White House staff . The chief of staff is usually involved in all the major decisions that the president makes and is responsible for making sure the administration carries out the president 's wishes . Watch Emanuel call himself "  fortunate " " The chief of staff also often is involved in negotiations with congressional leaders when major legislation is under consideration . Jim Manley , a spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , called Emanuel : "  An excellent choice . " "  Rahm knows the Hill . And he knows the White House . He is a brilliant strategic thinker and someone who knows how to get things done , " Manley said . Manley also rejected the idea that Emanuel is a true partisan that could not work with Republicans . "  That 's ridiculous . Rahm understands politics is the art of compromise . He 's got a deeply held set of views but he also understands to get things done you have to compromise , " he said . After leaving the Clinton White House , Emanuel , 48 , was an investment banker on Wall Street and later was elected to the House of Representatives in 2002 from a heavily Democratic Chicago district . He quickly rose to become the fourth-ranking Democrat in the House . Watch what Emanuel brings to the White House " It is Emanuel 's combination of experiences -- plus his strong personal relationship with Obama -- that would make him a strong chief of staff , said CNN political analyst Paul Begala , a fellow Clinton veteran . "  He has spent more time in the White House than President-elect Obama has . That matters a lot . It is a special place with its own rhythms , " Begala said . See who Obama may be considering for his Cabinet " "  But , maybe most importantly , he 's got the relationship . He has known Barack and Michelle Obama for a number of years . " Before reports emerged that he had accepted the position , Emanuel told WLS-TV in Chicago that he had to consider the possible impact on his family . Watch how Obama is starting his transition " "  I have a lot to weigh : the basis of public service , which I have given my life to , a career choice . And most importantly , what I want to do as a parent , " Emanuel said in an interview that aired Wednesday . Emanuel added : "  This is not a professional choice . This is a personal choice about what my wife and I want to do for our family , as much as what to do with my career . " Emanuel 's at-times blunt approach would ensure the White House runs smoothly for the new president , said Mack McLarty , Clinton 's former chief of staff . Watch as McLarty calls Emanuel an "  excellent choice " " "  Rahm is high energy . He 's direct . He 's a tough-minded pragmatist . So I think the years have been good to him in that regard , " McLarty said . "  I think the high-energy directness will serve him well . "  Rahm , like a lot of us , made mistakes , but he quickly corrected them . " However , the lawmaker 's direct style has ruffled a number of feathers in Washington , and Emanuel is known as one of the toughest partisan fighters on Capitol Hill . After reports that Emanuel had agreed to be Obama 's chief of staff on Thursday , the top Republican in the House , Minority Leader John Boehner of Ohio , questioned the president-elect 's pick . Election T-shirt : Obama inspires historic victory "  This is an ironic choice for a president-elect who has promised to change Washington , make politics more civil and govern from the center , " Boehner said . According to a 2006 profile of Emanuel in Fortune magazine , Rep. Tom Cole of Oklahoma warned his fellow Republicans of Emanuel 's ferocity in a letter two years ago . "  He 's dangerous , " Cole told Fortune then . "  He has a closing intensity . When he 's got a political kill in sight , he 's absolutely relentless . " But David Gergen , a CNN senior political analyst who has worked in five administrations , said the contrasting styles between Obama and Emanuel could help the new president get things done in Washington . "  They are obviously setting up a good cop/bad cop routine in the White House . ... Barack Obama can be the good guy , " Gergen said . iReport.com : Who should be in Obama 's cabinet ? Emanuel has made a career of being the tough guy . In the 2006 Fortune profile , Begala described Emanuel 's aggressive style as a "  cross between a hemorrhoid and a toothache . " "  I love Rahm , but that 's a small group of us , " he told Fortune . CNN 's Ted Barrett and Don Lemon contributed to this report .	NEW : Rahm Emanuel will be White House chief of staff , Barack Obama says Emanuel 's direct style has ruffled some feathers on Capitol Hill House minority leader calls pick "  ironic " for candidate who ran on change Emanuel is a veteran of Clinton White House , Wall Street and Congress
CNN  -- Thousands of registered sex offenders have received U.S. passports , including at least 30 federal employees , according to a Government Accountability Office report obtained by CNN . The GAO report said the Department of State can not legally deny passports to registered sex offenders , except those specifically convicted of sex tourism . The report concluded that about 4,500 U.S. passports of the more than 16 million issued in fiscal year 2008 were issued to registered sex offenders . "  Federal statutes authorize the Secretary of State to deny issuance of a passport in certain circumstances , such as while an individual is imprisoned or on parole or supervised release for a conviction for international drug trafficking or sex tourism or is in arrearages for child support , " the report states . "  However , there is currently no comprehensive program to deny passports to applicants who are registered sex offenders . " The State Department called the report "  very misleading " and adding it "  conveys more ` shock value ' than factual accuracy . " In a written response , the department pointed out that only a fraction of 1 percent of the 16 million passports issued in fiscal year 2008 went to registered sex offenders . In addition , the title of the report "  fails to convey that GAO found no lawful reasons for the department to deny or revoke the passports of the case study sex offenders based on their status as sex offenders . " "  The report appears to suggest , without any foundation , that the Department 's issuance of passports to certain Americans facilitated their commission of sex crimes abroad , " the department 's response said . "  There are no facts in the report which show that any of the thirty individuals included in the case studies used his passport to travel to a foreign country to commit a sex crime . " The original title of the report , "  Passports Issued to Thousands of Registered Sex Offenders , " was later changed to "  Current Situation Results in Thousands of Passports Issued to Registered Sex Offenders . " The GAO report was requested by Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa , and Sen. Max Baucus , D-Montana . The GAO studied data from the National Sex Offender Registry  NSOR  . However , the approximately 4,500 sex offenders who received passports in fiscal year 2008 "  is likely understated because many of the records in the passport database and the NSOR lacked valid Social Security numbers ... In addition , the NSOR does not currently contain a comprehensive listing of all sex offenders from the states . " The GAO found cases that include a sex offender from Texas who received a passport while in prison , a Delaware man with multiple sex convictions who traveled to the Philippines , Germany and France since receiving his passport , and a Georgia man who has traveled to the Philippines , Ireland and Panama . Among the federal employees who received passports was an aerospace engineer with NASA , an employee of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing , and a Postal Service carrier who traveled to Taiwan and Japan after receiving his passport . About 50 of those who received passports either lived outside the United States or "  their whereabouts were unknown , " the report said . A new law took effect in December 2008 that prohibits anyone convicted of sex tourism from receiving a U.S. passport . However , the report said , the Department of State was not even aware of the law until April of this year after the GAO "  brought this statute to its attention . " "  When Congress passes a law and the president signs it , then the Executive Branch needs to execute it , " Grassley said in a statement . "  I 'm shocked that GAO had to inform the State Department that Congress made individuals convicted of sex tourism ineligible for passports back in December 2008 . It 's inexcusable that the State Department did nothing to enforce that provision for 14 months . Since someone who is late on child support payments can not receive a passport , then surely these criminals should also be stopped from traveling internationally . " "  It also is disturbing that the GAO found examples prior to that new law where the State Department issued passports to convicted sex offenders who fled law enforcement , received government housing subsidies , and work for the Post Office . This report raises a lot of serious questions about how effectively the government protects us from child predators , " Grassley said . The report also studied a group of registered sex offenders -- many who held positions of public trust , including a school teacher , religious layman , and health care provider . "  Other cases involve registered sex offenders who owe child support or are currently in prison or whose whereabouts are unknown , " the report said . " ... Several of our cases showed that sex offenders left the country and moved to Mexico . According to State officials , Mexico does not have a sex offense registration system , so these offenders are likely unknown to authorities and their neighbors . " The Department of State "  has indicated that it would like to study any proposed legislation to provide additional authority to deny passports to sex offenders , including constitutional , policy and practical issues that may arise in its application and use , " the report said . "  A State official said that the department recently began working with -LSB- the Department of Justice -RSB- to develop a procedure for tracking these convictions and a procedure to notify State of those convictions . "	The GAO says about 4,500 registered sex offenders received U.S. passports in fiscal year 2008 At least 30 federal employees who are registered sex offenders obtained U.S. passports The State Department can only deny passports to those convicted of sex tourism The State Department says GAO report has "  more ` shock value ' than factual accuracy "
CNN  This week , Hillary Clinton surprised the world yet again -- not with the official launch of her campaign but for the unconventional way she did it . She sure pushed the envelope . With her video , new logo and road trip , she opened a long communications campaign not only to "  rebrand " herself but to completely reframe who she is , what she stands for and how she intends to run . We 'll find out over the next year and a half whether it will work . Many in the press and on late-night television scratched their heads this week ; others were scathing . Ruth Marcus -- a columnist for the Washington Post -- dismissed her launch video as a "  relentlessly , insultingly vapid " effort of "  demographic box-checking . " Jon Stewart lampooned it as a "  State Farm commercial gone viral " and also "  boring as s -- . " Since the media will likely be the stand-in primary opponent for Hillary , their belief in her authenticity is a critical factor in whether she can reframe herself in voter 's eyes . But from a marketing perspective , her launch may have been much more successful than critics think . The YouTube announcement video took on the central strategic challenge for the campaign and candidate : To flip Clinton 's message from self-absorbed "  I " to empathetic "  we . " While critics may sneer , it is hard to deny that the image it projects of Hillary is more confident , fresher , simpler and forward-looking , with even a bit of the upstart feel of two of the most successful product launch companies , Nike and Apple . Clinton 's team may have begun to create an empathetic relationship with voters that has eluded her in the past , most crucially when she lost the nomination fight to Barack Obama in 2008 . In marketing terms , rebranding is a strategy to bring a new name , term , symbol or design to an established brand with the aim of developing a new identity in the minds of consumers . Reframing is a strategy that goes further : it seeks to change how a consumer  or voter  emotionally experiences an established brand . A rebrand may change how you think about a brand ; a reframe may change how you feel about it . In the Apple case , the company at one time fell on its face when it unveiled the original Macintosh ; some thought the company was headed for oblivion . But when Steve Jobs returned as CEO , he went back to the drawing board and soon unveiled the iPod , which not only changed the way consumers thought about Apple , but how they experienced it . Not only a rebrand -- but a reframe . Take Hillary 's road trip to Iowa in the van nicknamed Scooby . The press lampooned her , but I would bet that for many others , her unscripted and anonymous stop at Chipotle reinforced the "  everyday Americans " campaign theme . Hillary stood in line to order , an everyday customer among everyday people at an everyday fast-food chain . Also introduced last week was what will come to be the single most-ubiquitous element of her campaign : Clinton 's new and controversial campaign logo . It is a brilliant , iconic expression of the emotional connection she wants people to have with her , her message and her movement . In fact , her logo is all about movement . Simple , confident , high tech and shorthand to a much younger set of voters , the bold red arrow moving left to right in front of the strong blue H says it all : You are the important ones . I 'm here to support you with everything I 've got . Let me help you move forward . Taken together , all the pieces of Clinton 's announcement -- as well as the unconventional media she used to deliver them -- bring her back on stage not as a leader from yesterday but , surprisingly , as one for the future . Coincidentally , the way Marco Rubio announced his run for the Republican nomination most likely amplified the impact of Clinton 's reframing . For all his posturing about being the new generation , Rubio followed to a "  T " the most traditional script for announcing a candidacy : traditional stage and podium , dark suit , bright tie , wife and kids on camera , a live speech , all about himself , timed for the evening news . Rubio 's logo , the signature of his image , drew immediate criticism for being amateurish and unconsidered , even leaving Alaska and Hawaii off the map of America . In stark contrast , Hillary showed the confidence and finesse to buck tradition on every front . It was Hillary who pulled the ultimate jiu-jitsu . There are those , of course , who will be alienated , if not disgusted , by the way her campaign has unfurled such a sophisticated marketing plan . In a day when voters are yearning for authenticity , how do we know this is the real Hillary or a candidate in a mask ? Fair question . But for better or worse , mass marketing has become the staple of presidential campaigns -- that 's where most campaign dollars go . Both sides know how to play , sometimes brilliantly . Remember the Reagan advertisements of 1984 , proclaiming "  Morning in America " ? What we know is that over time , voters see a lot of unscripted moments of a candidate where the real character comes through . And if they spot hypocrisy between ads and the candidate , that campaign will get into trouble fast . That 's why the key to Hillary Clinton 's success in reframing her message and movement will be consistency . She must not only take the essence of a humble , empathic relationship with voters and integrate it into all elements of her communication , she must also live it every day . Otherwise there will be messaging "  schizophrenia , " the solid start with flashes of brilliance will peter out and she 'll be facing the same voter perceptions that doomed her race in 2008 . In the meantime , one can imagine Clinton getting a huge , satisfying belly laugh out of the early returns on her efforts .	Martha Pease : Hillary Clinton got her presidential bid launched by reframing who she is , what she 's about She says Clinton took a low-key , unconventional approach , unlike Marco Rubio 's standard announcement
CNN  -- With her decades-long dream of swimming from Cuba to Florida achieved , Diana Nyad is setting her sights on her next challenge . "  I am through with the ocean , " she said on CNN 's "  New Day " Tuesday . "  Never going to be seasick again ! See how happy I look ? " Still , she 's off to do something few other people could or would . Nyad plans to swim for 48 hours in New York City . A special pool will be installed for the October 8-10 event , a fundraiser for people who lost their homes in Superstorm Sandy . "  Then we 're going to take that pool to the Boston Marathon at the anniversary of that terror attack , and we 're going to swim there to help those people recover , " she said . After that , she 'll travel to Moore , Oklahoma , which was ravaged by a massive tornado earlier this year . It 's "  a nice pool with no waves , no jellyfish , no seasickness , " Nyad joked . "  Those 48 hours should be a piece of cake , " she told CNN 's Kate Bolduan . Diana Nyad 's jellyfish-proof face mask Nyad 's nearly 53-hour journey in her fifth attempt to cross what she calls "  a treacherous stretch of water " ended in victory Monday . Her first effort was 35 years ago , when was in her 20s ; now she 's 64 . After the previous attempts , people had emphasized to her that "  it 's the journey , it 's not the destination , " she said Tuesday . "  It 's all the self-discovery and the wonderful team . And I agree . But I 'll tell you something : This time , the destination really brought me into a state of euphoria . " Not that she has instantly recovered from what the historic swim did to her . The waves were "  tough , " and a special facial mask designed to protect her from jellyfish stings led her to "  take in a lot of saltwater , " she said . "  I was very sick . " "  I 'm a little beat up , " she said . She has facial lacerations and effects of saltwater exposure inside her mouth . But "  the emotional high is wiping out any physical problem . " People told her that swimming from Cuba to Key West , Florida , was "  impossible , " she says . People encouraged her to try friendlier waters , such as the Maldives or Guam . "  But Cuba was in my heart , and when I look at the map , that 's what spoke to my imagination . So I did n't want to give up on it . And this time I got lucky . " "  The Gulf Stream was my friend , and usually it 's not , " she said . "  Usually you 're out there going in circles , going east of the Bahamas . This time the Gulf Stream went north , right where I was going . " She was surrounded by a team of 35 people along the way "  working like a machine , " Nyad said . Kayakers helped keep away sharks , and a jellyfish expert was in the water with her , scooping up jellyfish to keep them away from her . Her handler , Bonnie Stoll , helped get her "  somehow through the tough moments , " Nyad said . Still , it 's "  a very isolating experience , " she said . Opinion : Nyad shows baby boomers so ` not over ' "  When you 're feeling good and you 're cruising through the daylight hours , you 're singing Neil Young songs to yourself and counting in French and German and Spanish , just passing the time . " But , she said , "  I had two nights of full suffering . " At those times , "  You 're not thinking of anything . You 're just coping and surviving . " At a news conference later Tuesday morning , a relaxed Nyad thanked her team and joked as she recounted her swim . On Sunday night , she said , she hallucinated she was seeing the Taj Mahal . Recalling a previous attempt , she talked about hallucinating while looking at a streamer of lights that was meant to show her where her support boat was so that she 'd know in what direction to swim at night . She remembers telling Stoll , from the water , that she saw people walking on a yellow brick road , singing "  Heigh-Ho . " Stoll responded , "  That 's where you 're going ; follow them . " Nyad said , drawing laughter . The people who have followed her efforts closely for years "  are n't sports hounds , " she told CNN . " ... They 're human beings who are dealing with their own heartaches and their own obstacles in life , and they want to know how to get through . " Nyad said she represents a commitment never to give up on something "  important to your heart -- you look and see what 's inside yourself and you find a way . " And her age speaks to baby boomers , she said . "  I think people are looking to me to say , ` Hell no , I 'm not old . ' "  When I 'm 90 I 'll get in a rocking chair , look at the sunset . But look how my friends who are in their 60s are vibrant , at their intellectual peak -- I 'm proving that you can even be at your physical peak at this age . "	Diana Nyad plans to swim for fundraisers in New York , Boston , and Moore , Oklahoma "  I am through with the ocean , " she tells CNN Nyad says she was "  very sick " during the swim from Cuba to Florida She sang Neil Young songs in her head and counted to get through , she says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The rehearsals ended on a high note that night . Jackson , here at a June 23 rehearsal , "  was full of jokes , full of life , " band vocal coach Dorian Holley said . Michael Jackson was energetic and excited . He popped his signature moonwalk and dance spins that gave chills to some of those watching . As he walked to his car , he put his arm around concert promoter Randy Phillips and -- as Phillips later recounted -- in his soft voice , whispered : "  Thank you , I know we 're going to get it there together . I know I can do this . " That was late Wednesday night , June 24 . A few hours later , Jackson was rushed to a hospital and pronounced dead . "  All I know is that the Michael Jackson that hugged me and said ` goodnight ' was a healthy , vibrant human being about to undertake the greatest undertaking of his life , " Phillips said Thursday . "  And something happened between 12:30 when he left us and the morning when I had to rush to the hospital when I got the first call . " Watch Jackson rehearse for London shows " The death of the pop icon shocked the music world , not only because many fans were looking forward to his 50 sold-out shows in London , England , beginning in mid-July , but also because the 50-year-old singer -- while a step slower than in his prime -- was apparently healthy and up to the task of what has been described as a grueling show . "  He was just like a kid in the candy store because he was seeing his vision come alive , " said Dorian Holley , the vocal coach for Jackson 's band , about the last rehearsal . "  He was just full of jokes , full of life , " Holley said . He added that Jackson was due to be back at rehearsals again at 4:30 p.m. on the day of his death . On Thursday , Phillips ' promotion company , AEG Live , released a 1 1/2 - minute rehearsal clip that was shot two nights before Jackson 's death . In that clip , Jackson barreled through the song "  They Do n't Care About Us . " As a guitarist played a riff , he danced next to her and then led eight backup dancers in a choreographed march , reminiscent of his breakthrough music video "  Thriller . " The clip -- shot at the Staples Center arena in Los Angeles , California , on June 23 -- ends with a voice off stage saying , "  Hold for applause , hold for applause ... fade out . " Two days later , Jackson was dead . Phillips said a doctor , hired by the tour 's insurance carrier , examined Jackson before AEG proceeded with the rehearsals -- and gave the singer the green light to continue . "  He examined Michael for about five hours at his house and I think they went somewhere for some other tests , " Phillips said . "  We are obviously not privy to the patient-doctor relationship with that information , but the insurance broker told us that he passed with flying colors . " The production pace in those final weeks was ferocious , some of the attendees said . Jackson 's manager , Frank DiLeo , told a radio interviewer that he discussed tweaking the strenuous two-hour format of the shows . "  We were going to do one of two things , " DiLeo told KDKA in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , last week . "  We were either going to do so much in the beginning , take a half-hour break , then come back and do the second half of the shows . Or we were going to cut it down to 90 minutes . " The exacting rehearsals may have been taking a toll on Jackson , his doctor 's lawyer has said . "  Michael Jackson did n't eat very much , " said Edward Chernoff , the lawyer for Jackson 's cardiologist , Dr. Conrad Murray . "  He really did n't drink very much . He did n't hydrate very well . When he rehearsed , it was very strenuous exercise . " As authorities await toxicology reports to determine how Jackson died , fans around the world lamented the loss of a great performer whose ability to dazzle seemed intact , if inhibited , in the short video clip . "  He still moves better at 50 than I could at 15 , " said Stephanie Siek , a graduate student in Frankfurt , Germany . "  But he also seems to be holding back in a way he never did in his older videos or other footage I 've seen . I think it would have been a great show , but I think that a lot of people would have been disappointed , because he was so iconic in his prime . That 's a very , very hard standard to live up to . " This report incorporates information from CNN broadcasts and interviews conducted Thursday for the shows "  AC 360 " and "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . "	Jackson rehearsed at Staples Center on night before he died He was preparing for 50 sold-out shows in London , England "  He was just full of jokes , full of life , " vocal coach says Video clip shows Jackson singing , dancing 2 days before he died
CNN  -- Doctors Without Borders has embarked on a massive vaccination campaign in three African countries to combat an outbreak of meningitis that has killed hundreds of people , the organization said Wednesday . A child gets vaccinated against meningitis in Niger in August 2007 . The vaccinations are being carried out in Niger , Nigeria , and Chad -- part of a large swath of what is known as the "  meningitis belt " of sub-Saharan Africa , the organization said . The "  belt " stretches from Senegal to Ethiopia . Doctors Without Borders , widely known by its French name , Medecins Sans Frontieres , said medical teams have treated and vaccinated 5.4 million people and plan on vaccinating another 1.7 million -- making the vaccination campaign the organization 's largest ever . The group said more than 1,900 people have died in this outbreak since January . More than 56,000 cases have been reported in Nigeria , Niger and Chad alone , the organization said . Last month , the World Health Organization said the disease was at epidemic level in 76 areas of in Niger and Nigeria , and a spokesman in Nigeria , Dr. Olaokun Soyinka , said the outbreak was "  bigger than usual . " In March , the organization said a total of 24,868 suspected cases had been reported in the "  meningitis belt , " including 1,513 deaths . The outbreak began around the start of the year , Soyinka told CNN . It usually peaks in the dry season because of dust , winds and cold nights , before dipping around May when the rains come , he said . Meningitis is an infection of the meninges , the thin lining that surrounds the brain and the spinal cord , according to the World Health Organization . Several different bacteria can cause meningitis but Neisseria meningitidis -- which is to blame for the current outbreak -- is one of the most important because of its potential to cause epidemics .	Doctors Without Borders embark on vaccination campaign to combat outbreak Vaccinations being done in Niger , Nigeria , Chad , where over 56,000 cases reported 5.4 million people have been treated , vaccinated ; 1.7 million more to be vaccinated Over 1,900 people have died in this outbreak since January
CNN  -- When President Obama proposed his stimulus in January 2009 , the economy was in a freefall , losing more than 700,000 jobs a month . The immediate cause of the plunge was the freezing up of the financial system after the collapse of Lehman Brothers , but the deeper cause was the loss of demand after the collapse of the housing bubble . The bubble had been driving the economy both directly and indirectly . The unprecedented run-up in house prices led to a record rate of construction , with about 2 million homes built at the peak in 2005 . In addition , the $ 8 trillion in housing equity created by the bubble led to an enormous consumption boom . People saw little reason to save for retirement when their home was doing it for them . The banks also made it very easy to borrow against bubble-generated equity , which many people did . As a result , the personal saving rate fell to 3 % in the years 2002-07 . The bubble also indirectly enriched state and local governments with higher tax revenue . And there was a mini-bubble in nonresidential real estate , but that came to an end in 2008 as well . The economy had already been in recession for nine months before the collapse of Lehman because the bubble was deflating , but the Lehman bankruptcy hugely accelerated the pace of decline . This was the context in which Obama planned his stimulus package before he even entered the White House . At that point , most economists still did not recognize the severity of the downturn , just as they had not seen the dangers of the housing bubble that had been building over the previous six years . The Congressional Budget Office projections , which were very much in the mainstream of the economics profession , showed a combined drop in GDP for 2008 and 2009 of 1 % , before the economy resumed growth again in 2010 . This is with no stimulus . By contrast , the economy actually shrank by 3.1 % in those years , even with the stimulus beginning to kick in by the spring of 2009 . Given this background , it was easy to see that the stimulus was far too small . It was designed to create about 3 million jobs , which might have been adequate given the Budget Office projections . Since the package Congress approved was considerably smaller than the one requested , the final version probably created about 2 million jobs . This was a very important boost to the economy at the time , but we needed 10 million to 12 million jobs to make up for jobs lost to the collapse of the bubble . The arithmetic on this is straightforward . With the collapse of the bubble , we suddenly had a huge glut of unsold homes . As a result , housing construction plunged from record highs to 50-year lows . The loss in annual construction demand was more than $ 600 billion . Similarly , the loss of $ 8 trillion in housing equity sent consumption plunging . People no longer had equity in their homes against which to borrow , and even the people who did would face considerably tougher lending conditions . The drop in annual consumption was on the order of $ 500 billion . The collapse of the bubble in nonresidential real estate cost the economy another $ 150 billion in annual demand , as did the cutbacks in state and local government spending as a result of lost tax revenue . This brings the loss in annual demand as a result of the collapse of the bubble to $ 1.4 trillion . Compared with this loss of private sector demand , the stimulus was about $ 700 billion , excluding some technical tax fixes that are done every year and have nothing to do with stimulus . Roughly $ 300 billion of this was for 2009 and another $ 300 billion for 2010 , with the rest of the spending spread over later years . In other words , we were trying offset a loss of $ 1.4 trillion in annual demand with a stimulus package of $ 300 billion a year . Surprise ! This was not enough . That is not 20/20 hindsight ; some of us were yelling this as loudly as we could at the time . It was easy to see that the stimulus package was not large enough to make up for the massive shortfall in private sector demand . It was going to leave millions unemployed and an economy still operating far below its potential level of output . We are still facing the consequences of an inadequate stimulus . The reality is that we have no simple formula for getting the private sector to replace the demand lost from the collapse of the bubble . Contrary to what Republican politicians tell us , private businesses do n't run out and create jobs just because we throw tax breaks at them and profess our love . If the government does n't create demand , then we will be doomed to a long period of high unemployment -- just as we saw in the Great Depression . The government could fill the demand gap by spending on infrastructure , education and other areas , but in a political world where higher spending is strictly verboten , that does n't seem likely . The one alternative , which has been successfully pursued by Germany , is to reduce the supply of labor through work sharing . Companies reduce all their employees ' hours and pay so everyone keeps their jobs . The government then pays the workers part-time unemployment benefits -- cheaper than paying someone full-time unemployment . Germans have used this route to lower their unemployment rate to 5.2 % , even though their nation 's growth has been slower than ours . Some bipartisan baby steps have been taken in this direction ; we will need much more if we are to get back to near full employment any time soon . In a world where politics makes further stimulus impossible , work sharing is our best hope . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Baker .	Dean Baker : When stimulus began five years ago , we were losing 700,000 jobs a month Baker : Underlying cause of the recession was the utter collapse of the housing bubble He says economy lost $ 8 trillion in housing equity as well as construction jobs , tax revenue Baker : $ 300 billion a year stimulus is pittance against loss of $ 1.4 trillion in annual demand
CNN  -- Welcome to the world of rock and roll racing . "  He loves the noise , he knows he 's a star , he poses for the photographs , " trainer Art Sherman -- part of the team behind California Chrome , favorite for Saturday 's Kentucky Derby -- tells CNN . "  Pure and simple he 's a rock star . " California Chrome 's joint owner Steve Coburn is even more effusive . "  We 've got one elderly gentleman who comes to the races who has a jackass tattoo on his shoulder , " explains Coburn , a nod to the jackass on California Chrome 's racing silks . "  Fans do n't do that unless you 're a rock star . People flock where he goes . " The equine equivalent of a musical superstar is also the main protagonist in a fairytale on a par with the great Seabiscuit , the diminutive thoroughbred racehorse which defied the odds and delighted a depression-hit U.S. and whose story was turned into a movie 11 years ago . California Chrome must surely have Hollywood executives salivating at the prospect of how events might unfold at at Churchill Downs ' historic dirt track in Louisville this weekend . The three-year-old colt 's remarkable tale began in the womb of Love the Chase , a mare that Coburn and co-owner Perry Martin bought for $ 8,000 with a view to breeding . They bred her to the stallion Lucky Pulpit for a reduced fee of $ 2,000 , the first breeding the novice pair had ever undertaken . It could have been a case of first time lucky as their offspring has earned Coburn and Perry more than $ 1 million in prize money and chalked up illustrious wins at the Santa Anita Derby , San Felipe Stakes and California Cup Derby . His recent run of success -- four wins in his last four outings -- has marked California Chrome out as a pre-race favorite for the Kentucky Derby -- the first race in horse racing 's coveted Triple Crown , which also includes the Preakness Stakes and the Belmont Stakes -- in the chase for a purse of $ 2m . Understandably , the horse 's value has rocketed , and is now estimated to be around $ 12m . Coburn and Martin were recently offered $ 6m for a controlling 51 % stake in the horse , which they turned down . The whole story is so fanciful that the horse-owning partnership goes under the name Dumb Ass Partnership or DAP Racing , hence the jackass on their colors . "  When Perry and I bought the filly , one of the barn hands said we must be dumb asses to get into this game and hence the name , " Coburn explains to CNN . But through every strand and sinew there is a heart-warming tale behind California Chrome . For a start , he races in the purple and green , the favorite colors of the duo 's respective wives . Then there 's the location where the horse has been stabled . His neighbours at Los Alamitos racecourse in Orange County are predominantly quarter horses , named for the quarter mile horse races that are regularly held at the track where California Chrome is exercised at 7.30 am every morning . If California Chrome wins the Derby he will also become the first California-trained horse to win since Decidedly 's success in 1962 . Then there is the small matter of his 77-year-old trainer Sherman , who has just 15 horses in his yard but whose history with the Derby dates back to 1955 . Back then , Sherman acted as the exercise rider for race winner Swaps , who also happens to feature in the distant bloodline of California Chrome . Sherman , far younger and more energetic than his years would suggest , recalls : "  I was barely 18 years old and my memories are a little bit different now . Back then I was so young , it did n't mean so much . "  I 've put 60 years into this business and I thought my chance in the Kentucky Derby had gone . You never say never . "  Now I 've got another chance . It 's a fairytale and I do believe in fate . He 'll be the horse to beat . He 's been awesome these last four races , we just hope he has five in him . But it 's a different ball game when 150,000 people are screaming at you . But he 's a rock star is n't he ? That should n't be a problem . "  He just loves to run , he 'll run all day long . We just need some luck , that plays a big part in such a story . His story is just like that of Seabiscuit is n't it ? It 'd be a hell of a book or a movie if he pulls it off . " Sherman 's first win as a jockey aptly came at Hollywood Park in 1957 , where his current wonder horse first announced himself in the big time with victory in last year 's King Glorious Stakes . That he should have ever got here bred by Martin , who works for a consumer safety firm , and Coburn , whose company JCP Enterprises makes the magnetic strips on credit cards , is remarkable , bearing in mind this is the first horse that Coburn has ever raced . "  One of the things on mine and my wife 's bucket list was to go to the Kentucky Derby , " he says . "  I 'll board the plane this year but I never imagined I 'd do it with a horse I own . "  This whole thing is a fairytale coming true , it 's a dream . It 's better than a movie script because it 's coming true . People spend millions on horses each year and we 've spent basically $ 10,000 . " The horse 's name was also literally picked out of a hat as the two owners and their spouses each put a name into a hat for a waitress at a Californian restaurant to select . The Derby favorite could just as easily have been called Lucky at Love or Big Chapter but Coburn 's pick , California Chrome -- a nod to the white markings that are called chrome by horse racing aficionados -- proved the selection . Whatever the name , the owners more often than not just call him junior but Coburn believes if he succeeds at Churchill Downs Saturday the he could become known as the "  people 's horse " too . "  I do believe he 's that , like Seabiscuit , " Coburn adds . "  He became the people 's horse in the depression because he was the little guy kicking the big guy . We 're doing that in the same kind of way . "  No one ever gave it any credence and we should n't be where we are now . This is n't a blue-blooded horse , he 's a proper red-blooded colt . "  We 're just two guys that worked hard and still have our days jobs . We get up at 4.30 am every morning to go to work . Well , I ca n't retire as I 'd be in my wife 's way and I think she 'd shoot me ! But we still work hard . We 're not guys who could buy whatever we want . " Dream ending The unnamed purchaser who offered $ 6m , however , clearly was . Surely Coburn was tempted to give in ? "  It felt like a slap in the face after all we 'd done , " he says . "  You can have all the money in the world to buy every single grain of sand on a beach but you ca n't buy this story . "  We 've worked hard for this , similarly Love the Chase , which someone offered $ 1.5 m for . This is n't about the money , this is about the dream and we want to finish off that dream . " Whether that dream reaches fruition in Illinois this weekend is another matter . Some pre-race rain is a slight concern for Sherman and his team but Coburn has never once wavered in his expectation . "  If he gets a clean run , he 'll win , " he says . "  I 've said that before and I 've been told I 'm bold and arrogant . I 'm not either of those . I 'm just a man that loves this horse and believes in the fairytale . " Saturday also happens to be Coburn 's 62nd birthday , could that be when his fairytale comes true ? Kentucky Derby - fast facts	California Chrome cost just $ 10,000 and is shock favorite for Saturday 's Kentucky Derby Trainer Art Sherman , who has been involved with classic since 1950s , calls him a "  rock star " His owners recently turned down a $ 6m offer for a half-share in the horse California Chrome has been called a modern-day Seabiscuit and the "  people 's horse "
CNN  -- Costa Rica grabbed their first points of the 2011 Copa America on Thursday and left hosts Argentina facing elimination after a 2-0 victory over Bolivia . Second half goals from strike duo Josue Martinez and Joel Campbell secured three points for Costa Rica , while Bolivia endured a torrid evening after having two players dismissed . The result means two-time world champions Argentina must beat Ricardo La Volpe 's Costa Rica in their final Group A match on Monday to avoid an early exit from the quadrennial tournament . The Central American side went ahead after 59 minutes , when the 21-year-old Martinez swept home after goalkeeper Carlos Arias had saved Heiner Mora 's effort . Gustavo Quinteros ' Bolivia were reduced to 10 men in the 71st minute , when defender Ronald Rivero blocked the 27-year-old Mora 's goal-bound shot with his arm . Midfielder Allen Guevara Zuniga stepped up to take the resulting penalty but his effort was well saved by Arias , who also smothered the rebound . Despite Arias ' heroics , Bolivia 's task was made harder on 75 minutes when Walter Flores was given his marching orders for a strong challenge on Zuniga . Costa Rica sealed an important victory with 12 minutes remaining , when the lively Campbell ran clear to slide a shot beyond the helpless Arias . The team 's players celebrated by holding up a shirt dedicated to Dennis Marshall , the former Costa Rica international who died in a car accident in June . Colombia still lead Group A on four points after their 0-0 draw against Argentina on Wednesday , with Costa Rica second on three points . Sergio Batista 's Argentina are third on two points and must defeat Costa Rica in Cordoba to avoid an early exit from the competition .	Costa Rica grab their first points of the Copa America with a 2-0 win over Bolivia The result means Argentina must beat Costa Rica on Monday to avoid elimination Colombia lead Group A on four points , with Costa Rica on three and Argentina on two
The companies that make 3-D printers want a spot in your home . They 're just not sure exactly why you need one of their futuristic devices yet . The 3-D printing industry is taking aim at entry-level customers with cheaper , easier-to-use hardware and online marketplaces filled with predesigned files . At the annual Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , the 3-D printing section was larger and busier than in previous years and had an increased focus on consumer-friendly products . The technology is trying hard to become mainstream , but first it needs to figure out what average people will really want to create . What is a 3-D printer for ? Entry-level 3-D printers are popular with makers and crafters , people who want to get their hands dirty and create prototypes , figurines and small toys . People are constantly experimenting with the devices , trying out unconventional uses like printing guns , fashion accessories and fine art . These hobbyists are a fairly minor market when compared to the lofty aspirations of the consumer 3-D printing industry , which imagines a 3-D printer in every home , like paper printers were before people realized printing on paper was passé . "  There 's no killer app yet , " said Trevor Townsend , co-owner of Matterform , a 3-D scanner company . The people selling printers , files and scanners are n't discouraged by the lack of an obvious use case . They seem confident that it will come in the next few years as more people get their hands on the devices and start experimenting , and as the technology becomes more advanced and takes on a wider range of materials . Plastic is the most commonly used material , but it is just the beginning . 3DSystems demonstrated its ChefJet 3-D food printer at CES , which creates complex shapes out of edible materials such as sugar and chocolate and will cost less than $ 5,000 . The company also is working on a product that prints ceramics . The CeraJet concept device would take pottery to another level with complex designs that can be glazed and fired . Even at this early stage , the demand for 3-D printers is rising . Shipments of 3-D printers will grow 75 % in 2014 , according to market research firm Gartner . It expects the consumer 3-D printing market to hit $ 133 million this year , which is still far less than the $ 536 million companies will spend on the product . New crop of consumer products At CES , the printer companies were focusing on a more immediate problem : 3-D printing is too complicated for the average person . Designing a model and creating a workable file takes skill , and the machines themselves can require technical know-how and adjustments like leveling to get a decent final product . The newest hardware is trying to make 3-D printing simple . MakerBot announced a new one-button 3-D printer called the MakerBot Mini . Files can be sent directly to the compact printer from a mobile phone or tablet over WiFi . One push of a button and the Mini will start creating the object in PLA plastic . A big barrier to mass adoption of 3-D printers is price , and hardware costs are falling every year . When it comes out in May , the Mini will cost $ 1,375 . That is around $ 1,500 less than the company 's flagship product , the MakerBot Replicator . There are a number of less expensive 3-D printer options already on the market , some as cheap as $ 200 . To make 3-D printing completely hassle free , there are companies that handle the actual dirty work of printing . Services like Sculpteo create small batches of 3-D printed objects and let the designer control the process online . UPS and Staples are testing in-store 3-D printer services . A number of companies are trying to make the design process easier , too ; 3-D scanners can take precise photographs of existing objects from every angle to create a printable 3-D file . Matterform showed off its consumer-friendly 3-D scanner at CES . The $ 579 scanner looks like a portable record player and can scan objects up to 9.8-inches tall . MakerBot also recently released an entry level scanner called the MakerBot Digitizer . Another twist on scanning comes from 3DSystems , which demonstrated a 3-D photo booth . The 3DMe booth scans a person 's face and then prints it on an existing figurine body such as a "  Star Trek " crew member . MakerBot is betting that many people will pay to use existing 3-D files instead of having to create their own . The company announced its new MakerBot Digital Store at CES , a sort of iTunes for 3-D content . Prices start at 99 cents , and the first designs are focused on kids and families . There are cars , characters , animals and other cute 3-D models , all original content created by MakerBot . The future might break the law The MakerBot Digital Store does n't carry replicas of existing products or commercial characters . That 's because without licensing deals , it could step into the murky world of 3-D intellectual property law . While it 's still a couple years off , the threat of litigation will become a major issue in 3-D printing down the line . One of the more practical future uses for a 3-D printer includes replacing broken parts , say a cracked plastic base to an Oster blender . The part costs a few dollars online , but in the future it could be easier , faster and cheaper to simply print out a replacement at home . But unless you buy the file from Oster , are you stealing it ? If companies decide to crack down on user-created files , 3-D objects could be pirated like movies and music . Whatever the legal , technical and practical challenges , 3-D printing has its eyes on the future . It 's still a long way from being an in-home "  Star Trek " style replicator , but the industry is confident it will have enough uses to warrant a spot in your home office or kitchen .	3-D printers are aiming at consumers with cheaper , easier-to-use devices A number of 3-D printing companies introduced personal printer tech at CES The devices are mostly used by hobbyists , but a mainstream use could be around the corner
CNN  -- Muirfield has gone the extra mile as it prepares to host the British Open Championship -- golf 's third major of 2013 -- this week . The grandstands are proudly in place , the pale greens are shorn and clipped and rakes nestle in the hollows of the bunkers waiting to smooth over sand disheveled by mishit balls . But despite all this meticulous preening it is the extra 158 yards that matters most . The seaside links course now unravels for 7,192 yards -- when the course was first opened on the Scottish east coast in 1891 it rolled over a mere 6,200 yards . The total yardage for the Masters at Augusta ran to 7,435 , June 's U.S. Open at the Merion Golf Club was 6,996 while the next major , the USPGA , is to be played on the Oak Hill course runs a total of 7,134 yards . This year new tees have been added on seven of the holes at Muirfield to match the prowess of the game 's big-hitters and extend the overall playing distance for the 142nd British Open . "  The changes were made really just to strengthen the course , " Colin Irvine , the Muirfield course manager , told CNN . "  Golfers have got better and equipment has got better . "  A lot of this work was done over a two-to-three year period and we 're now doing the final tweaking to make it look like everything has been here for years . " The biggest change , made to spice up golf 's oldest major , lies in wait at the ninth hole . Previously thought of as short by modern par-five standards , the tee has been moved back almost 50 yards thanks to a land swap with the neighboring Renaissance Golf Club . A new bunker has been added to the right of the ninth fairway and the existing sand trap has also been moved closer to the green . The sandy , new hazard was carved out with a "  big digger " before the soil was put back , contoured and new turf laid down . "  It gives it a nice finish and you ca n't really see that anything has been there , " said Irvine , casting a backwards glance at the grassy bumps hiding the scooped out earth . "  It was quite a wide , open area up here for hitting the second or third approach shot so the changes put a lot more thought to landing on the small green now . "  A lot of people -LSB- who have tested the new layout -RSB- have found these bunkers very difficult . "  One of the key areas we 've changed across the course since 2002 is the greenside bunkering . We 've brought them in a little bit tighter and made them more gathering for a ball to roll in easier . " It is the 16th time that Muirfield has hosted the Open and the first since South African Ernie Els triumphed 11 years ago following a dramatic four-man play-off that went to sudden death on the fifth extra hole . Els returns to Muirfield as the defending Open champion after another emotional win at Royal Lytham last year . The East Lothian course has attempted to move with the times away from the greens and fairways too by introducing Wi-Fi zones for spectators around the course as well as LED scoreboards . A ban on mobile phones was also lifted last year and , as there have been no complaints from the players , spectators will once again be allowed to use them , so long as they "  respect the game . " But it 's traditions that the Scottish course prides itself on as well as its knotty rough and brisk coastal breezes . When the world 's leading male players return to joust for the honor of winning the Claret Jug , the hope is they will find very little has changed on the surface . "  It 's our duty to keep our famous links course providing the test we need to identify a champion , " said Dawson . "  Muirfield has always been a very , very strong venue . The players love it and they think it 's fair . Many of the changes you ca n't see and wo n't even know they 've been done . "  When the players come here they 'll recognize the Muirfield they know and love . "	Muirfield increases total yardage for golf 's big-hitters at the 2013 British Open Big changes at the ninth hole include moving the tee and adding a bunker There have also been changes to the greenside bunkering to trap balls easier The Scottish course has lifted its mobile phone ban for the Open
CNN  -- On the heels of the passage of Arizona 's racial profiling law , tens of thousands of people from all over the country have marched in support of human rights and against the legislation . That law , SB 1070 , requires Arizona law enforcement agents to determine the citizenship status of people they stop if the officer has an undefined "  reasonable suspicion " that the person is not in this country lawfully . The ACLU and a coalition of civil rights groups filed a lawsuit this week challenging the unconstitutional law . There is little doubt among experts that the new Arizona law will lead to increased racial profiling . Civil libertarians have criticized the law as a violation of basic constitutional rights because it transforms Arizona 's Latino community and other people of color -- who may be presumed by law enforcement officers to be in the country "  unlawfully " -- into potential criminal suspects . Constitutional scholars have criticized the legislation by invoking the supremacy clause of the U.S. Constitution , which prevents states from usurping the federal government 's authority to regulate immigration . But what has been largely absent from the public debate about the legality and morality of SB 1070 is Arizona 's blatant violation of international human rights law , as underscored by several U.N. experts . The law flies in the face of Arizona 's human rights obligations , particularly the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination  ICERD  , which the United States ratified in 1994 and which is binding on all levels of federal , state and local governments , including Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer , who signed the bill . ICERD obligates federal , state and local governments to guarantee that laws and policies do not discriminate , in purpose or effect , on the grounds of race , color , descent or national or ethnic origin . Under ICERD , all noncitizens , regardless of their immigration status , are entitled to equal protection and equality before the law . Federal , state and local governments are barred from employing or carrying out racial or ethnic discrimination against individuals or communities . The treaty states "  each state party undertakes to engage in no act or practice of racial discrimination against persons , groups of persons or institutions and to ensure that all public authorities and public institutions , national and local , shall act in conformity with this obligation . " Last summer , the ACLU and the Rights Working Group released a human rights report that compiled data from across the United States . It revealed that law enforcement agencies investigate , stop , frisk or search racial minorities based upon subjective identity-based characteristics , rather than identifiable evidence of illegal activity . The report found that racial profiling remains a pervasive problem around the country . The report , which was submitted to the U.N. Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination  CERD  , highlighted profiling in 22 states . In Arizona , it showed that African-American and Latino drivers were 2.5 times more likely than white drivers to be searched after being stopped by the highway patrol . Native American drivers were 3.25 times more likely to be searched , even though they were less likely to be found with contraband . The report also documented the many human rights violations committed by the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office , under the direction of Joe Arpaio . The office has received national and international attention for its practices of profiling and harassment of Latinos . In early 2009 , Arpaio 's actions resulted in a Department of Justice investigation based on "  alleged patterns or practices of discriminatory police practices and unconstitutional searches and seizures ... and on allegations of national origin discrimination . " So SB 1070 exacerbates an already poor human rights record . In September , the CERD committee sent a letter to the Obama administration conveying concerns about the lack of progress in addressing racial discrimination and urging it to pass the End Racial Profiling Act and end immigration programs that foster racial profiling . Since that time , as evidenced by Arizona 's law , profiling has actually gotten worse . Despite the language in the bill cited by proponents as evidence of its design to prevent profiling , there can be no doubt that SB 1070 invites law enforcement agents to stop people on the street based upon how they those people look , as opposed to any verifiable evidence of criminal activity , or , alternatively , to stop them for a legitimate reason and then demand their "  papers " based on appearance or race . It is inevitable that there will be an increase in racial profiling and harassment of minorities . As a party to ICERD , the U.S. and the state of Arizona have a legal and moral obligation to end all programs and policies that disproportionately discriminate against racial or ethnic minorities . At the state level , Arizona must repeal this discriminatory legislation . At the federal level , the Obama administration should take legal action against Arizona to stop this law from taking effect in its entirety . It is encouraging that Attorney General Eric Holder is considering all options , including bringing legal action against Arizona or joining lawsuits filed by other parties . Congress must also take action to bring this country into conformity with both the Constitution and international human rights obligations by passing the End Racial Profiling Act . This act would ban the practice of racial profiling by federal law enforcement agencies and provide federal funding to state and local police departments if they adopt policies to prohibit the practice . Also , the United States should create a concrete program of action for full implementation of the treaty , making sure state governments are protecting and promoting human rights . A concrete ICERD implementation plan would educate state and local officials , such as Brewer , about their legal obligations under U.S. treaties and international law and serve to educate the public , as well . President Obama called Arizona 's law "  misguided " and said that it "  threatened to undermine basic notions of fairness that we cherish as Americans , as well as the trust between police and their communities that is so crucial to keeping us safe . " Recently , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton stated that "  Human rights are universal , but their experience is local . This is why we are committed to holding everyone to the same standard , including ourselves . " They have it right . But words are not enough . It is time for the U.S. government to match its human rights rhetoric with action and for our elected leaders to protect and defend the basic human rights of all people . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chandra Bhatnagar .	Chandra Bhatnagar : Experts say Arizona law will lead to increased racial profiling Law violates Constitution as it makes any Latino a potential criminal suspect , he says Bhatnagar : It 's also a blatant violation of U.N. rights treaty , signed and ratified by the U.S. He says it 's time for U.S. to extend rights it expects from other nations to its own people
Editor 's note : CNN Contributor Bob Greene is a best-selling author whose book "  When We Get to Surf City : A Journey Through America in Pursuit of Rock and Roll , Friendship , and Dreams " will be published in a new paperback edition this week . Bob Greene says he and his family did n't expect to be able to enjoy this Mother 's Day . CNN  -- This is the Mother 's Day we thought was going to be empty . Last summer , my brother , my sister and I got the news like a sucker-punch to the stomach : Our mother 's health , which had not been good for some time , had taken a sudden turn for the worse . A very compassionate hospice evaluator came to her home and said that , although one could never be absolutely certain , the end was quite near . "  It may be two days . It may be two weeks . " Those were the words . We tried to process them . She would be gone from us by the fall . Except ... "  Debby just picked me up a book from the library , and I 'm a few chapters into it , " my mother said to me on the phone the other day . She got better . "  Better " does not mean great ; she walks with some difficulty now , she is fragile in ways she once was strong , but on this Mother 's Day that we all expected to be such a desolate one for us , she 's here . On that morning the woman from hospice first came to visit , our mother was in her bed in the same room where our father , 10 years ago , had slowly died . Toward the end , he had not been able to get out of his bed , and we foresaw the same awful drama unfolding in the same way in the same bedroom . It was going to be even more wrenching to witness this time around . But somehow , from somewhere inside herself , she decided : "  Not yet . " I do n't say that glibly ; I know that most men and women , in the months of their dying , do not have a choice about whether they will regain a semblance of their health . There comes a point when there is little to do but give in as gracefully as possible . Our mother did n't . And while my brother and sister and I cherish the extra time we have been given with her , the most moving thing is to quietly behold how fiercely she is cherishing the extra time she has been given with the world -- the extra time she has been given with life itself . That book from the library my sister brought her , it is one of many she has read since last summer . It 's as if she realized that , if the prediction had been right -- if she had left us within two days or two weeks -- she never would have known the pleasure of reading another book . She has loved reading all her life ; now she is reading new books with a sense of gratitude that we can literally feel . She got to watch one more presidential campaign . She has always taken her responsibility as a citizen with utter seriousness . She thought , last summer , that she would never know who the next president would be . But as , little by little , she got better during the fall , I can guarantee you that not even Wolf Blitzer or John King followed the day-to-day fluctuations of the campaign with more devotion than she did . She used to joke with our father that their trips together to the polling place were ultimately a waste of time : He was on one end of the political spectrum , she was on the other , and , as she put it , "  Our votes always canceled each other 's out . " She was born during the Woodrow Wilson administration -- and in November , against all odds , she got to cast a ballot for president one more time . Whenever my brother flies to central Ohio to visit her , he goes not straight from the airport to her house ; he makes a stop . He picks up some pizzas at Rubino 's on East Main Street in Bexley , and he has them in his hands as he walks through her front door . She has n't tasted her last Rubino 's pizza , not yet -- she thought she had , and each slice is a reminder of the good things that life still holds for her . She enjoys the television series "  Brothers and Sisters " ; each Sunday evening , as she tells us that she is preparing to watch it , we know that it is seemingly small things like that , things that once felt mundane to her -- an hour with a favorite program -- that she relishes anew . Over the holidays , I bought her the complete DVD series of "  The Sopranos . " She is an admirer of great acting , and she was enthralled by the talent of James Gandolfini during the original run of the show ; she has watched the entire arc of "  The Sopranos " again , from the first episode to the last , and she did it in a hurry . You never know how much time you are given . It might not be the worst way for any of us to live , even those of us who are much younger than she is ; it might not be a bad idea for us to live as if someone has told us , "  It may be two days . It may be two weeks . " Imagining those words is a pretty good reminder that we should savor every hour we are given . My brother , my sister and I do n't fool ourselves ; just as warm days in March are sometimes followed by snow and ice , we realize that our mother 's return to vibrancy may turn out to be a false spring . Yet even if it is a brief illusion , it is a springtime that brings tears of thanks to our eyes . In October , she will turn 90 , if she , and we , are lucky . But that 's the wrong way to put it . If we are lucky ? We are . This is the Mother 's Day we did n't think we 'd have . And I think she knows exactly what is in our hearts . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : This Mother 's Day is one my family did n't expect to enjoy He says his mother has survived and made good use of precious time Greene : We should all live as if we have only a few weeks more of life
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Seven civilians were killed Monday from two separate roadside mines in Afghanistan 's eastern Ghazni province , the Ministry of Interior said . The first attack occurred in the Qara Bagh district of Ghazni province , the ministry said . A roadside mine struck a civilian vehicle and killed four civilians , including two children . The second incident took place in the center of Ghazni city when a civilian vehicle hit a roadside mine , the ministry said . Three civilians were killed . In a statement , the ministry said it "  strongly condemns these acts of the enemies of peace and stability and expresses its sincere condolences to the families of the victims . " On Sunday , the ministry said an 8-year-old girl was killed by "  Afghanistan enemies " who gave her a remote-controlled explosive in a bag and told her to give it to police officers in Oruzgan province on Friday . "  When the girl  approached  the police vehicle , the enemies detonated the mine by remote control and killed the girl , " the ministry said . No police officials were injured .	NEW : Officials say an 8-year-old girl died after being given an explosive-laden bag In the first roadside mine attack , four civilians -- including two children -- are killed Three civilians are killed in a second attack in Ghazni province The Afghan Ministry of Interior condemns the attacks
CNN  -- Two U.S. astronauts in space , and their support staffs on Earth , will keep working through the government shutdown that began Tuesday . But almost all the rest of NASA has been shuttered , just one of many federal agencies affected when the government shut down at midnight Tuesday because of Congress ' inability to pass a budget . Many of those agencies took to social media and other online venues to share the news . Twitter was a popular choice for the messages . Among them ? If an asteroid starts hurtling toward Earth ... well ... good luck . "  In the event of government shutdown , we will not be posting or responding from this account , " NASA 's Near Earth Object Office tweeted from its @AsteroidWatch account Monday , just hours before the deadline in Congress . "  We sincerely hope to resume tweets soon . " The office is responsible for tracking and reporting asteroids that threaten the planet , like the 150-foot chunk of space rock that came closer to Earth than the moon in February . The office later noted that observatories , academics and other astronomers continue to monitor the skies . In all , about 18,000 NASA employees , or 97 % of its work force , were furloughed on Tuesday . Among those still working will be astronauts aboard the International Space Station . Which may be just as well -- it 's not like they could get away from the office even if they wanted to . NASA 's Mission Control will also stay open to support astronauts Karen Nyberg and Mike Hopkins . "  To protect the life of the crew as well as the assets themselves , we would continue to support planned operations of the ISS -LSB- space station -RSB- during any funding hiatus , " reads a NASA furlough plan submitted last week . "  Moreover , NASA will be closely monitoring the impact of an extended shutdown to determine if crew transportation or cargo resupply services are required to mitigate imminent threats to life and property on the ISS or other areas . " Other NASA spacecraft , like the Curiosity Rover on Mars and the New Horizons craft hurtling toward Pluto , will be largely left to their own devices  literally  during the shutdown . The funding mess may be enough to have them all jealous of the Voyager 1 space probe , which was launched into space in 1977 . Last month , NASA confirmed that the original Voyager left the solar system . Maybe the Voyager 2 probe , in protest of the impasse in Congress , will follow suit .	About 97 % of the U.S. space agency is furloughed Space Station astronauts , Mission Control will stay on the clock NASA takes to social media to respond to shutdown
Washington  CNN  -- Fire-protection systems on freight aircraft are inadequate , top U.S. aviation investigators say . The National Transportation Safety Board recommended improvements and rule changes Wednesday based on investigations of three catastrophic cargo plane fires . NTSB Chairwoman Deborah Hersman recommended that the Federal Aviation Administration require better early detection of fires inside cargo containers , development of fire-resistant containers and requiring active fire-suppression systems on all freight airlines . An NTSB report focused on three cargo fire accidents since 2006 . Two of those fires killed the flight crews and destroyed the aircraft , in incidents in Dubai and North Korea . In the third incident in Philadelphia , the crew escaped with minor smoke-inhalation difficulties , and the plane was significantly damaged . "  These fires quickly grew out of control , leaving the crew with little time to get the aircraft on the ground , " Hersman said in a statement released with the report . "  Detection , suppression and containment systems can give crews more time and more options . The current approach is not safe enough . " FAA budget cuts would affect fliers In all three cases , the fires started within the cargo containers aboard the planes , but by the time the plane 's fire warning system alerted pilots to the dangers , there was little time for them to react . Federal regulations require cargo airline fire detection systems to alert pilots within one minute of a fire starting , but the NTSB 's investigation found current systems detected fire and smoke anywhere from two and half minutes to more than 18 minutes after the fire started . The NTSB concluded cargo containers made of flammable materials significantly increase the intensity of the on-board fires because there 's been little focus by manufacturers or regulators to develop fire-resistant cargo containers . Additionally , the NTSB 's report recommended improved fire suppression systems on cargo planes , a recommendation it originally made to the FAA in 2007 . After the 2007 recommendation , the FAA did a cost-benefit analysis of upgrading fire suppression systems and found it to be too expensive , a fact the NTSB highlighted in its report . "  The two catastrophic cargo airplane fires that occurred in less than a year occurred after the FAA 's cost-benefit analysis concluded that the installation of fire suppression systems was not cost-effective , " the board said . UPS briefed Hersman earlier this week on the shipping company 's efforts to develop improved fire safety standards . Also , FedEx is in the process of installing a fire suppression system on its long-haul fleet , the NTSB said . In an e-mail statement to CNN , FAA officials said the agency "  has long supported improved fire protection on all cargo airplanes through research on new , non-Halon fire extinguishing agents , fire suppression systems directed at individual cargo containers or specific cargo compartment zones , and advanced cargo containers incorporating smoke detection , fire containment , and/or fire suppression systems . " FAA officials said they would carefully evaluate the NTSB 's recommendations . Way beyond air bags : NTSB wants next-generation safety devices on cars , trucks	"  The current approach is not safe enough , " the head of the NTSB says In ' 07 , FAA said fire-safety upgrades too expensive based on cost/benefit analysis NTSB : Industry has focused little on developing fire-resistant containers Three cargo plane disaster probes yielded recommendations
China , as one Twitter user wrote Tuesday , has been fooled by the "  mysterious Western art of satire . " The merciless comedy website The Onion has declared North Korean leader Kim Jong Un the "  sexiest man alive for 2012 . " And it appears China 's People 's Daily Online has taken the story seriously . "  I love this one , " Onion editor Will Tracy told CNN . "  It has a certain delightfulness to it . " The Chinese story reprinted satirical comments describing Kim 's "  air of power that masks an unmistakable cute , cuddly side , " his "  impeccable fashion sense , chic short hairstyle , and , " the story says , "  that famous smile . " The story on People 's Daily Online on Tuesday illustrates the mutual backscratching that China and North Korea exercise through their government-run media . The incident also shows foreign media outlets ' difficulty in navigating The Onion 's brand of satire . The Chinese website had underscored its story by including its own 55-page photo gallery to accompany the text , which was published in both English and Chinese . But the pages and the images were no longer available Wednesday . A woman responding to a call Wednesday to the office of the website said it was "  impossible that the People 's Daily will quote from any unreliable media -- we do verify our news and sources . " The woman , who declined to identify herself , noted that the item had been removed . The People 's Daily Online has a separate office from the print version of the Chinese Communist Party 's main newspaper . Tracy said he 's not surprised when legitimate news sites fall for his high-level tomfoolery , but this was the first time The Onion had named a "  sexiest man alive . " "  We knew it would get a response , " he said "  but we did n't expect it would get life from abroad . " A satirical post on The Onion congratulated the People 's Daily for its coverage . The site "  has served as one of the Onion 's Far East bureaus for quite some time , and I believe their reportage as of late has been uncommonly fine , as well as politically astute , " said The Onion 's Grant Jones in a e-mail statement . "  May our felicitous business association continue for centuries to come . " Earlier Tuesday , The Onion pointed readers to the Chinese website : "  please visit our friends at the People 's Daily in China , a proud Communist subsidiary of The Onion , Inc. . Exemplary reportage , comrades . " Read the Chinese story Twitter users went wild over the editorial faux pas . "  It makes me cry from another room ! " Tweeted Francesca Ulivi @fraubass . "  Not sure they know this was a joke , " wrote @loweringthebar . "  Curse of the #Onion again , " said Colin Freeman @colinfreeman99 . Yes . Again . If this scenario sounds familiar it 's because The Onion is no stranger to fooling government-run news outlets . In September , an Onion satire fooled Iran 's semi-official Fars News Agency . Fars published an Onion story claiming that a Gallup poll found that rural white Americans preferred Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad over President Barack Obama . On the Chinese microblog Sina Weibo , netizens made their own teasing comments about People 's Daily . "  Foolish foreigners , the party paper was born to be funny , " wrote @sheldon - BaiBai . "  The world was fooled by the People 's Daily , because no Chinese believes this paper , " wrote @Hai_Dao_Wu_Bian . The Onion never writes its stories with the intention of fooling government agencies , Tracy said . But "  it 's great when it happens . We hope it happens more often . " This prank , he said with obvious glee , may turn out to be the legendary Onion fake story that veterans will talk about for years to come . "  We essentially just fooled the government of China . "	Onion editor : Tricking China has a "  certain delightfulness " A Chinese news site takes an Onion satire for a real story The Onion declares North Korean leader Kim Jong Un "  sexiest man alive " People 's Daily Online runs portions of the Onion story and 55 photos of Kim
Washington  CNN  -- An increase in the number of brazen laser attacks on planes in the United States has reached an "  epidemic level . " According to an FBI blog post , the number of incidents is projected to reach 3,700 by the end of the year , compared to just 283 in 2005 , a rise of more than 1,100 % . Last year , there were 3,592 reported laser incidents , the FAA said . The FBI cited the Internet as a source for cheap , easy to purchase hand-held gadgets about the size of fountain pens which have become more powerful in recent years . Lasers costing as little as a dollar can have ranges of 2 miles , the FBI said . Incidents on the rise , harsh penalties sought The number of attacks is reaching an "  epidemic level , " said George Johnson , a supervisory federal air marshal who is a liaison officer with the FBI . Lasers directed at aircraft can cause temporary blindness to pilots for a few seconds , posing risks during takeoffs and landings . "  Aiming a laser pointer at an aircraft is dangerous and reckless . Just do n't do it , " Johnson said . Those who intentionally aim a laser at an aircraft can be prosecuted under two federal statutes , including a law put into effect this year that makes it punishable by up to five years in prison and $ 11,000 per violation without the benefit of a warning notice or counseling . An existing law allows punishment up to 20 years in prison and fines of $ 250,000 . Russian airliners targeted by ` laser hooligans ' Michael Huerta , acting FAA administrator , is on record as saying his department will "  aggressively " prosecute violators . Laser incident reports have increased steadily since the FAA created a formal reporting system in 2005 to collect information from pilots . In 2011 , the FBI said those responsible for "  lasering " aircraft fall into two general profiles , either minors with no criminal history or older men with criminal records . Human traffickers or drug runners have also sought "  to thwart airborne surveillance , " according to the FBI .	Number of incidents is projected to reach 3,700 by the end of the year , FBI says The FBI cited the Internet as a source for cheap , easy to purchase hand-held gadgets Lasers directed at aircraft can cause temporary blindness to pilots
Tokyo  CNN  -- Workers at the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant have discovered a radioactive hot spot far more lethal than anything previously recorded at the damaged facility , the plant 's owner reported Tuesday . The reading at the base of a ventilation tower between the No. 1 and No. 2 reactors Monday afternoon was 10,000 millisieverts per hour , the Tokyo Electric Power Company announced -- high enough that a 60-minute exposure could kill a man or woman within weeks . A U.S. expert told CNN that radioactive particles most likely concentrated in that area in the first days of the disaster , as plant operators tried to vent the damaged reactors . By comparison , the average resident of an industrialized country receives 3 millisieverts of background radiation per year , while the highest level reported in the days following the disaster was about 400 millisieverts . Tokyo Electric immediately cordoned off the area and is investigating both the cause of the high radiation and how it will affect the recovery work , company spokesman Naoki Tsunoda said . None of the workers who made the discovery have been injured , the company said . The Fukushima Daiichi plant , located about 240 kilometers  150 miles  north of Tokyo , was flooded by the tsunami that followed Japan 's March 11 earthquake . The result was the worst nuclear accident since the 1986 Chernobyl disaster , as the plant 's three operating reactors melted down and spewed vast quantities of radioactive particles across the surrounding area . The disaster has caused Japan to rethink its commitment to nuclear energy , and Germany has since announced plans to abandon atomic power entirely by 2022 . Gary Was , a nuclear engineering professor at the University of Michigan , said the location of the hot spot suggests the radioactive material was filtered from air and steam released to relieve pressure inside the reactors during the meltdowns . "  As they were venting , either intentionally or unintentionally , the building air was being sent through filters , " Was said . Those filters may have been concentrating radioactive particles "  into one spot , " he said . Was said the use of a gamma-ray camera could help identify whether the source of the radioactivity was reactor waste products , bits of nuclear fuel or both . Tokyo Electric mounted a gamma-ray camera on a three-meter  9.75-foot  pole to capture images of the hot spot Monday , the company said . Tokyo Electric says it expects to fully wind down the crisis at Fukushima Daiichi sometime between October and January . Engineers are struggling to manage an estimated 100,000 tons of highly contaminated water that was used to cool the reactors during the emergency , and Was said workers may face issues similar to the one discovered Monday as they try to decontaminate that fluid . "  Those filters are going to be screaming hot , " he said . "  As bad as the water is , those filters are going to be worse . " CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : The hot spot may have resulted from reactor venting , a U.S. expert says Tokyo Electric Power Company is investigating the cause of the high radiation These are the highest radiation levels since the early days of the disaster A single 60-minute dose would be fatal to humans within weeks
CNN  -- Responding to reports that snowy owls were being killed with shotgun blasts , New York airport officials are initiating a program to trap and relocate birds seen as a threat to air safety . The Port Authority of New York & New Jersey said in a statement Monday that it would be work with the state Department of Environmental Conservation to implement the program . Numerous media reports cited sources as saying the Port Authority had the snowy owl on its no-fly list , allowing shotgun-toting specialists to shoot and kill the birds . Concerns were raised that the owls were interfering with planes . "  DEC and the Port Authority are working together closely to quickly develop a process to trap and relocate snowy owls that pose a threat to aircraft , " the Department of Environmental Conservation said in statement . "  This process will provide a humane alternative for the snowy owls while ensuring passenger safety . " In the last two weeks , five planes in New York airports were struck by snowy owls that have been migrating to the region in "  far higher than typical numbers , " according to a statement from the Port Authority . The owls have been a concern for decades at Boston 's Logan International Airport for decades , where authorities use traps to catch the birds , according to Norman Smith , director of the Massachusetts Audubon Society 's Blue Hills Trailside Museum , who heads the initiative . "  I think it 's up to each individual airport to provide the safety that they need , " Smith told CNN . "  Logan Airport has been very supportive about capturing these birds and removing them from the airport . " While Smith acknowledged that it takes more time to trap and later release the birds , he said the effort was worth it . "  Is it more difficult to trap a bird than to shoot one with a shotgun ? " Smith asked . "  Probably , but what Logan Airport does is , by capturing the birds , they not only protect the aircraft but the bird as well . " Smith said that while snowy owls are not endangered , their numbers are declining and "  nobody knows the actual population of these birds . It 's illegal to possess or release migratory game birds and upland game birds without the proper license from the Department of Environmental Conservation . "  The Port Authority 's goal is to strike a balance in humanely controlling bird populations at and around the agency 's airports to safeguard passengers on thousands of aircraft each day , " the agency 's statement said .	New York airport officials say they will trap snowy owls seen as threats to air safety Media reports say airport officials had been shooting the birds after collisions with five planes Boston Logan International Airport has long used traps to capture the birds
Unheralded American Doug Barron has become the first player to be banned by the PGA Tour for taking performance-enhancing drugs . The 40-year-old has been given a one-year suspension . He is the first professional to fail a drugs test since the PGA and European Tours began their anti-doping programs in July 2008 . "  I would like to apologize for any negative perception of the Tour and its players resulting from my suspension , " Barron said in a statement on the PGA Tour official Web site www.pgatour.com . "  I want my fellow Tour members and the fans to know that I did not intend to gain an unfair competitive advantage or enhance my performance while on Tour . " In common with their policy , the PGA Tour did not release details of the drug taken by Barron to fail the test . Barron , who turned professional in 1992 , was a PGA Tour regular for eight seasons , with his best finish a tie for third at the Byron Nelson Classic in 2006 . He has won over $ 3 million but campaigned in recent seasons on the second-tier Nationwide Tour , playing just one event on the main tour this year . He is also reported to have had health problems . The last time Barron captured the headlines was in very different circumstances at the 2006 Transistions Championship in Florida , where he removed his shirt to play a shot out of the water on the 16th hole at Innisbrook . The incident was captured on television and was greeted with amusement by his fellow players . Neither the PGA Tour or the World Anti-Doping Agency  WADA  have yet to comment further on the suspension . Golf bowed to pressure from WADA to introduce drug testing in the sport last year . PGA Tour testing is administered by The National Center for Drug Free Sport every week of the season , with all samples analyzed by WADA-accredited laboratories .	Doug Barron becomes the first golfer to be banned for doping by PGA Tour Barron gets one-year ban for taking unspecified performance-enhancing drug Barron , 40 , has won over $ 3 million prize money since turning pro in 1992 PGA and European Tours introduced anti-doping programs in 2008
CNN  -- There was little to celebrate in Kabul this week as the United States marked the tenth anniversary of its invasion of Afghanistan . The war against the Taliban is already the longest in America 's history and there are few signs that it will be ending any time soon . The Afghan capital has experienced a number of deadly , high-profile attacks this year . A supermarket , the airport , a hospital , a police station , the Defense Ministry , the supposedly impregnable Intercontinental Hotel , the British Council and the U.S. embassy have all been targeted . When even the CIA can not secure its main operations base in the city , Afghans can be forgiven for concluding that the insurgency , whatever NATO might say , is in the ascendency . Last month 's turban bomb assassination of the former Afghan President , Burhanuddin Rabbani , appeared to deal another serious blow to advocates of peace . Rabbani , revered by many as a father of the Mujahideen movement that ousted the Soviets in the 1980s , was also the Chairman of President Hamid Karzai 's High Council for Peace , which has been trying for a year to foster dialogue with the Taliban -- a strategy that Karzai has now publicly abandoned . Special : Afghanistan Crossroads The assassin posed as a peace envoy from Mullah Omar , but the Taliban leadership in Quetta announced he was nothing to do with them . Admiral Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , alleged that the Quetta-affiliated Haqqani Network were behind many of the Kabul attacks and that the Haqqanis were "  a veritable arm " of the ISI , the Pakistan military 's notorious Inter Service Intelligence wing , whom he accused of "  exporting " violent extremism to Afghanistan through its proxy . The Islamabad government naturally rejected this old accusation ; while in a rare interview with the BBC , Sirajuddin Haqqani himself denied any involvement in the killing of Rabbani . Speculation continues to swirl as to who was responsible for the murder . Not even the motive is entirely clear . But neither Rabbani 's death nor any of the other attacks in Kabul this summer will alter the way this war will come to a close . History teaches us that all insurgencies end , eventually , with dialogue , negotiation and political compromise -- a lesson we British re-learned the hard way during the "  Troubles " in Northern Ireland . Why should Afghanistan be any different ? Even the Pentagon acknowledges that there can be no purely military solution to the impasse . Few Western leaders any longer doubt that the Taliban will return to political power in some form or other . The only remaining question is what form . Rabbani , it should be noted , was Afghanistan 's most prominent Tajik , not a Pashtun like the vast majority of the Taliban . There are those within the Taliban who may be prepared to share power with the non-Pashtun minorities in the future -- but plenty of others who are probably not . Some analysts therefore think Rabbani 's assassination was a cynical attempt to eliminate one of the few credible , ethnic opposition leaders ahead of the eventual , inevitable peace deal : a blow for future Pashtun hegemony rather than an assault on the peace process per se . The High Peace Council was , in a sense , irrelevant . Its bridge-building efforts since it was set up in September , 2010 have all failed , which is perhaps unsurprising given that the Taliban have consistently said they will never deal with Karzai , whom they regard as a weak Western stooge , in charge of an administration they consider irredeemably corrupt . This is not to say that the Taliban leadership is not interested in dialogue . It seems they are . It is just that they only want to speak to Washington , and they prefer to do this directly , not through the medium of Kabul , or anyone else . "  Only the Americans have the weight to make talks happen , " explained Arsala Rahmani , a former Taliban government minister . "  It is they who are fighting the Taliban . " The insurgency 's leaders are no fools . What they most want is the withdrawal of what they see as infidel troops from sacred Afghan soil and they may calculate that negotiation could be the fastest and least costly means of achieving that end . Why should n't they ? After all , the U.S. also wants its troops out Afghanistan . In June , President Obama publicly reiterated that all American combat troops would be home by 2014 . Dialogue has in fact already begun . At least two rounds of talks have taken place this year , in Qatar and Germany , between U.S. officials and Syed Tayyab Agha , one of Mullah Omar 's closest lieutenants : almost certainly the first high level contact between the two sides since 2001 . The talks , according to most reports , were exploratory rather than substantive -- talks about talks at best -- and even these were nearly torpedoed by the glare of unwanted media attention . But they represent an important start , and a useful platform to build upon . A common Western mistake in the past has been to view the Taliban as a monolithic organization , when in reality it is a revolutionary work in progress ; and like all revolutions , it incorporates a wide spectrum of views , from hardliners to relative moderates . Our task in the West is to identify , reach out and engage the "  moderates , " and to do all we can to ensure that they win their internal debate on the future of Afghanistan . The military approach has manifestly failed , even as it continues . Negotiating with the Taliban now represents our best and perhaps only hope of ending this war , and of shaping a better Afghan future . The issue of power-sharing is critical to this , because the Tajiks and other minorities will never now accept a government as heavily dominated by Pashtuns as the Taliban 's was in the 1990s . If Rabbani 's killers were Pashtun nationalists , they are offering a prescription for a resumption of the ethnic civil war that has been going on intermittently for over three decades in Afghanistan -- and that is an outcome to be avoided at almost any cost . This needs to be the main focus of U.S.-Taliban talks as they go forward . For now , everything else is a distraction . The opinions expressed are solely those of the authors .	Killing of former Afghan President , Burhanuddin Rabbani , dealt a blow to peace advocates Rabbani was also the Chairman of President Hamid Karzai 's High Council for Peace Some analysts say this was an attempt to eliminate one of the few credible , ethnic opposition leaders Tajiks and other minorities will never now accept a government dominated by majority Pashtuns
CNN  -- Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee , walked back her comments Thursday invoking images of domestic abuse when talking about Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin . "  I should n't have used the words I used , " she said through spokeswoman Lily Adams . "  But that should n't detract from the broader point that I was making that Scott Walker 's policies have been bad for Wisconsin women , whether it 's mandating ultrasounds , repealing an equal pay law or rejecting federal funding for preventative health care . Walker 's record speaks for itself . " Wasserman Schultz has been heavily criticized in social media and in conservative media for saying Wednesday that Walker "  has given women the back of his hand " because of his policies impacting women . She made the remarks while in Wisconsin campaigning for Democratic gubernatorial candidate Mary Burke , who is trying to unseat Walker , the incumbent Republican . As the leading Democratic said her words were ill chosen , Walker responded to her comments for the first time Thursday . On the Jerry Bader show on Wisconsin radio station WHBL , he said his opponent , Burke , should "  absolutely " speak out against them . "  I think anyone should . If anyone made comments like that , I do n't care if they are Democrat , Republican or anyone else , to use language like that is just an affront and outrageous . " Burke , a former executive at Trek Bicycle Corporation , had already distanced herself from Wasserman Schultz 's statement . Those comments are "  not the type of language that Mary Burke would use , or has used , to point out the clear differences in this contest , " Stephanie Wilson , press secretary for Burke , said . "  There is plenty that she and Gov. Walker disagree on , but those disagreements can and should be pointed out respectfully . " Wasserman Schultz , who represents Florida , spent a total of several hours before and after the event with friend and colleague , Wisconsin Rep. Gwen Moore , who has publicly spoken about her experience as a domestic violence victim . Women voters are critical to Democrats ' voter base and are less likely to turn out for midterm elections . Burke has advanced in the polls , making the race between Burke and Scott extremely close , according to a trio of polls since mid-July . In the latest response by Adams , Wasserman Schultz slammed the congressional Republicans who opposed the latest version of the Violence Against Women Act , which gives legal protections for domestic violence victims . Moore came to Wasserman Schultz 's defense . She "  applauds the chairwoman 's audacity and courage in her pursuit to defend economic and social equality for all women , " her spokesman , Eric Harris , told CNN . CNN 's Ashley Killough and Steve Brusk contributed to this story .	Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz : I "  should n't have used the words I used " Earlier , she said Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker "  has given women the back of his hand " But she says her comments "  should n't detract " from Walker 's policies that hurt women Wisconsin Rep. Gwen Moore defends Wasserman Schultz
CNN  -- It 's the end of week eight , and true to form you 've found some amazing connections between South Korea and Poland . Ken Jennings , 74-time champion of U.S. game show Jeopardy and author of the book "  Brainiac , " started off the week with a few personal connections of his own . Having grown up in South Korea , he told CNN 's Becky Anderson how his knowledge of the country helped succeed at the trivia show . "  I remember earning a huge amount of money for knowing which parallel divides North and South Korea -- which I thought was an unfair advantage having grown up 50 miles away , " he said . Map : See the countries we have been connecting Pickled cabbage made plenty of appearances in connections , with both Jennings and numerous blog commenters noting that the two countries share a love of the fermented vegetable . Blog commenter "  Jason Jeon " also noted that South Korea and Poland were ranked first and second in a table of nations with the longest working hours compiled by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development . Many of you pointed out that in the midst of a global recession , South Korea and Poland both have very robust economies . If you 're curious about Korean culture , you can always submit a question to the blogger behind "  Ask a Korean ! " The Q and A blog fields questions about Korean culture . We also spoke to South Korean figure skating starlet and Olympic gold medalist Kim Yuna . Now living in Los Angeles , she told us she missed "  chatting with my friends and family and having a good laugh over a simple meal . " As always , we 've been enjoying your personal connections . Korean Michelle Hong wrote in to describe her and her Polish husband 's two very special links -- their 15-month old twin girls . Many thanks for all your comments and connections over the last eight weeks . It 's been a great journey and one we could not have made without your help . We 've been amazed at the links you 've made between Brazil and Nigeria ; Sweden and Malaysia ; Panama and the UAE ; India and Germany ; Canada and Ivory Coast ; China and Turkey ; and of course , Poland and South Korea . As always -- happy connecting !	Highlights of some of the connections viewers and readers made between Poland and South Korea Both countries have a love of fermented cabbage They are also both two of the hardest working nations in the world
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Without seeing the water , the weather , or even his own boat , Dick Lancaster steered a 25-foot yacht to a silver medal at a sailing world championships this month . Crews from Italy and Australia do battle in the recent Blind Sailing World Championships in New Zealand . Lancaster 's remarkable feat came at the recent Blind Sailing World Championships on Lake Rotorua , New Zealand . His silver medal added to two golds he has won at previous championships . The New Zealander , who gradually lost sight until he became completely blind in the last couple of years , is also the chairman of Blind Sailing New Zealand . Lancaster told CNN that sailing for the blind and visually-impaired is growing around the world . There is also hope that the sport may get its own category at the Paralympics . "  This year 's event was as big as it has ever been . We had ten countries represented and most countries sent three teams . " Attendance would have been stronger had it not been for the challenging financial climate , which had prevented some nations from traveling to New Zealand for the event , he said . Since the inaugural world championships in 1992 , events have been held in Australia , the U.S. , the United Kingdom , Italy and New Zealand . At this world championships Lancaster was sailing in the "  B1 " class which is for the blind , while the "  B2 " and "  B3 " classes have lesser levels of visual impairment . So , how exactly do blind and visually-impaired people manage to sail a large racing boat ? Lancaster explained that it is not as difficult as it may sound . "  We sail with a four man crew . There is a blind person at the helm and another blind person on the mainsheet . There is also a sighted tactician , who 's not allowed to touch anything , and a fourth sighted crew member . "  The most challenging thing for me has been the last few years when I have gone from B2 to B1  blind  . You have to rely on your feel a lot more now , "  he said . Even though he is unable to see , Lancaster says it 's not impossible . "  There are plenty of people who sail at night-time -- so it 's not too difficult . " Contrary what many may presume , Lancaster said there were not too many crashes during races , though some areas of the course were challenging . "  At the start line and when you 're going around a mark it gets pretty exciting at times . There 's inevitably a few prangs on the water -- but I do n't know if there 's any more than in other sailing . " New Zealand won the overall team trophy at the event .	The Blind Sailing World Championships were held in New Zealand this month Blind and visually impaired sailors work with sighted crew aboard the vessels The competition has been running since 1992
Oprah.com  -- Five women who were stuck in unfulfilling relationships share their wake-up moments . Alexis Smith : "  I wanted to believe him " Her story Alexis was a party girl studying fashion , and George was a shy art student when they met in college . "  We were attracted to what the other had to offer , " Alexis says . After years of dating , she married George , shortly after giving birth to their first son . Alexis began to notice a change in her marriage once her husband opened an art gallery and started staying out late . George admitted to cheating on Alexis while she was pregnant with their third child . Wake-up moment George begged forgiveness , and Alexis , who was eight months pregnant , gave him another chance . They moved from Manhattan to a quaint country house . But , on the first Christmas Eve in their new home , Alexis discovered that George was in love with another woman and decided that it was time to leave him -- for good . Resolution George moved out , and Alexis was on her own . That 's when she realized she 'd been on her own for years . When George was once again ready to reconcile , Alexis had an epiphany : "  If I go back now , I 'll lose any self-respect I 've mustered over the past months . " She carried on building up her own clothing line and then , unexpectedly , fell in love . "  I never thought I 'd find love again . Or that someone would love me for me . " Oprah.com : Is he cheating ? How to tell Myra Tillotson Nuriddin : "  Seven years of invisibility piled up " Her story Myra was 47 years old and divorced when she met Sulaiman , a man who had 10 children from three previous relationships . Myra , mother to a grown son , and Sulaiman eventually said their "  I dos . " Their decision not to invite all of Sulaiman 's children to the wedding backfired , and Myra 's relationship with her stepchildren suffered . Tension built up for years , and Myra often felt disrespected and resented by Sulaiman 's children . "  But if I brought it up with Sulaiman , he 'd say , ` Do n't play children 's games -- you 'll never win , ' " Myra says . Wake-up moment One Christmas Eve , Myra invited all of Sulaiman 's children over for dinner . After a full day of cooking , her stepchildren trickled in more than an hour late . Angry and hurt , Myra remembers Sulaiman 's oldest son walking right past her when he finally arrived for dinner . "  Seven years of painful invisibility piled up into that one moment , and I lost it , " Myra says . Resolution After confronting Sulaiman with her concerns , she found a therapist who suggested that she and Sulaiman try an Imago workshop focusing on couples and communication . At the workshop , they learned how to "  mirror " each other . "  When I 'm angry , Sulaiman repeats what I 'm saying to him before he responds . That calms me instantly , " Myra says . The Imago method has also helped work things out with her stepchildren . For their 10th wedding anniversary , Myra and Sulaiman renewed their vows . "  All the kids were invited , " Myra says . "  When I first said ' I do ' to Sulaiman , I thought it was just the two of us . This second time around , I knew it was actually 13 . " Oprah.com : 12 simple ways to have better sex Michelle Barrett : "  We 'd get meaner with every fight " Her story Michelle began dating Joe , a rival marketing rep who proposed a year later over ice cream cones in the park . Soon after , the fighting began . "  We were constantly getting into stupid arguments that left me feeling alone , " Michelle says . They sought help but the arguments continued to escalate . "  We 'd get meaner with each fight , " Michelle recalls . "  I threatened to leave , and he called my bluff . That 's when I got really scared . " Wake-up moment Michelle 's biggest fear was losing Joe . A friend mentioned a weekend "  reconnecting " workshop for couples , but Michelle had burned out on therapists . Faced with a decision , Michelle 's mother asked her , "  If you do n't do this , are you prepared to live with the consequences ? " That struck Michelle like lightning . "  Joe and I were in a hurtful holding pattern , " she says . "  My mom 's words jolted me into action . " Resolution At the workshop , the first exercise was an exorcism . "  We had to act out a scary childhood moment , " Michelle recalls . " -LSB- My stepfather -RSB- was extremely verbally abusive to me , and my model for how men acted . So if Joe disagreed with me , I 'd hear my stepfather and freak out . " Following the workshop , Michelle confronted her stepfather , who apologized for treating her badly . Now , she says , "  whenever I 'm mad at Joe , I ask myself , ` What 's this really about ? ' " As a result , the arguments do n't escalate . "  We love each other too much to let minor blowups tear us apart , " Michelle says . Oprah.com : What 's timing got to do with it ? How to pace your relationship so it lasts Megan Davis : "  I wanted to help him get better " Her story Megan met Greg while studying abroad in Australia . He was a free spirit who often needed time by himself and would often go off for weekends alone . Meanwhile , Megan took on all the domestic duties of their relationship . "  I was so often worried about his feelings that I would do all these things to make his life easier , " she says . After eight years of dating , Greg confessed to Megan that he was depressed and began taking antidepressants . Soon after , he proposed to Megan during a trip to Taiwan . Six weeks before their September wedding , Greg came home in tears and wanted to postpone the wedding . He started therapy and , two months later , asked Megan to join him in seeing the therapist . "  I readily agreed , " she says . "  I wanted to help him get better . " Wake-up moment After eight sessions , Megan felt "  we were going in circles . " The therapist told them to work on their communication skills , but they still had n't done the assignments from the first session . "  I knew then that I had done all I could , and that Greg 's moodiness was going to be his lifelong struggle , " Michelle says . "  I wanted him to be happy , but I finally realized that I could n't do that for him . " Resolution At first , the loneliness was palpable . "  I spent my 20s with one man , and suddenly I was alone , " she says . "  Regaining my self-confidence was hard . " Now , Michele says she knows she made the right decision . "  I have a therapist friend who once told me if I was meant to leave Greg , I 'd know in my gut when the time came , " she says . "  Acting on that moment made me realize I can trust myself . " Oprah.com : Why a midlife meltdown can lead to a great leap forward Sarah Albertson : "  He was a good man , but he was dull " Her story After Sarah 's first date with Richard , she did n't plan on seeing him again . But after getting fired from her job and facing a July 4 weekend alone , she called him back . He was different from the guys she normally dated , but he filled a void . "  I was very lonely and insecure -- and unlucky in love , " she says . "  I thought he was as good as it would get for me . " They married , moved from Manhattan to Santa Barbara and started a family . "  My life seemed full , but it was n't . I did n't love my husband , " she says . "  I faulted myself for not liking him more -- he was a good man , but he was dull . " Wake-up moment One night , Sarah came home late , exhausted and looking for comfort . Instead , she found her husband and two children asleep in her bed -- leaving no room for her . After putting her kids to bed , she decided that she could n't pretend anymore . "  My husband initiated sex , " Sarah recalls . "  And I started crying . He asked , ` What 's wrong ? ' I said , ' I do n't want to do this anymore . ' " He did n't fight it . Resolution "  I had finally found the courage to leap , " she says . Sarah signed up for Match.com several months after the split . "  Everybody told me it was too soon to date , " she recalls . "  I was like , ` I 've waited my whole life for romance . ' " Through Match , Sarah met Adam , who she married in 2000 . Their relationship is n't perfect -- "  we have disagreements that leave me frustrated -- but I feel passionate about him . That 's the big difference . " Oprah.com : 6 ways to find emotional balance Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Five women in bad relationships share their wake-up moments One woman 's decision to not invite her husband 's 10 children to their wedding backfired Michelle Barrett mended her relationship after attending a "  reconnecting " workshop for couples
CNN  -- "  Keep your feet on the ground , and keep reaching for the stars . " That signature sign-off of Casey Kasem 's was recalled by fans of his syndicated weekend radio show "  American Top 40 " Sunday after the legendary disc jockey died at the age of 82 . Kasem began that show in 1970 and hosted it and variations of it until finally ending his radio career in 2009 . But for more than just those encouraging words , Kasem will be remembered for helping to elevate the radio disc jockey gig to one of storyteller and observer of the human condition . Fans would write in to his show for "  long-distance dedications " -- requesting a song for a loved one , a friend or a personal connection far away . In his smooth baritone voice , Kasem would begin "  Dear Casey " and proceed to tell tales that ranged from heartbreaking to inspirational . The dedications poured in from around the world . In 1986 , Kasem read a dedication request from a woman in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , who wanted to honor her sister who -- despite suffering paralysis -- was studying for her master 's degree in the United States . "  I 'm so proud of her , not only for her achievements , but proud of her will and toughness and of her stubborn determination to pick up the pieces and start all over again when most of us would break down and quit , " Kasem read . "  Casey , could you kindly play ` Broken Wings ' for my sister Ayesha at Oklahoma State University ? I do hope she 's listening , for this is a message from those who love her , all the way from home here in Malaysia . " Kasem got personal after the death of Beatle John Lennon . The DJ offered up moving words in 1980 after Lennon was gunned down near his New York City apartment by Mark David Chapman . "  But John died having discovered who he was , " Kasem said . "  John Lennon , husband to Yoko , father to Sean -LSB- Lennon 's young son with wife Yoko Ono -RSB- . " The role of music orator was one Kasem took very seriously . "  It 's so simple : what do people love ? " Kasem said to the New York Times in a 1999 article . "  Plato said it best . ` People who tell the stories rule society . ' And we tell the stories , and people love to hear the stories . Of course , we 've got tremendous responsibility to become accurate with those stories . And in most cases to be wholesome . " On Sunday , the "  AT40 " website posted a tribute to Kasem . The site for the program , now hosted by Ryan Seacrest , included audio clips of Kasem on the show throughout the years .	Kasem 's show featured long-distance dedications The dedications flowed in from around the world He took his role as storyteller seriously
Moscow  CNN  -- Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev visited islands claimed by both Russia and Japan on Tuesday , provoking an angry reaction from Tokyo . He held a meeting with the governor of Sakhalin and visited Kunashir Island , which is near Japan 's large northern island of Hokkaido . Kunashir is one of the Kuril Islands , which Russia considers part of its Sakhalin region . But Japan claims some of the islands as its territory . Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Osamu Fujimura said Tuesday that Russia was taking the "  wrong position " with the visit . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said there was nothing to comment on when he was asked about the visit . "  The Russian prime minister was on a scheduled tour of his country , " he said . Lavrov said he hoped to meet his Japanese counterpart "  very soon " to discuss cooperation between the countries "  substantively and constructively . " Medvedev held talks with Sakhalin 's governor on improving air transportation between islands , according to the Russian Federation 's government website . When he was president , Medvedev became the first Russian leader to visit the islands when he went there in November 2010 . The Kurils stretch between Russia in the north and Japan in the south . Following Japan 's defeat in World War II in 1945 , the Soviet Union annexed the four southernmost islands , which previously belonged to Japan . Ever since , the islands -- called the South Kurils by Russia and the Northern Territories by Japan -- have been the subject of dispute . That dispute has prevented the two countries from signing a formal peace treaty following World War II . CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov denies the visit is worth a comment Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev visits Kunashir Island , near Japan 's island of Hokkaido Japan calls the visit "  wrong " The islands have been a source of dispute between the two countries since World War II
CNN  -- Egypt 's major archaeological sites , monuments and museums were under the protection of the country 's army on Monday , according to the nation 's Supreme Council of Antiquities . However , unease persisted among Egyptologists and archaeologists , who fear some of the nation 's priceless treasures may fall victim to looters or vandals , amid unrest and uprisings fueled by what protesters see as a lack of economic opportunity , widespread poverty and pervasive corruption . Egypt is "  the greatest open-air museum in the world , " said Peter Der Manuelian , the Philip J. King professor of Egyptology at Harvard University . He said he and his colleagues are "  trying to stay on top of  the situation  as best we can , " given spotty internet service in Egypt . Friday night , a group of "  criminals " entered the Cairo Museum using a fire department staircase , Zahi Hawass , secretary-general of the Supreme Council of Antiquities , told CNN early Sunday . Once inside the museum , they went to the Late Period gallery , Hawass wrote . "  When they found no gold , they broke 13 vitrines  glass showcases  and threw the antiquities on the floor . " The intruders then went back to the gallery housing artifacts from King Tutankhamun 's tomb , where they opened one showcase , broke a statue of King Tut on a panther and threw it to the ground , he wrote . A group also entered the museum gift shop and stole jewelry , Hawass wrote in a blog post Sunday . A group of "  tourist police officers " had stayed at the museum overnight , as they were unable to leave after the curfew took effect . "  These officers , and many young Egyptians who were also there , helped to stop more people from entering the museum " during the protests , Hawass wrote in the blog post -- which he faxed to Italy so colleagues there could post it on his website in the absence of internet in Egypt . Hawass told CNN early Sunday there were nine suspects , but in the blog post he said there were 10 . One of them asked the people guarding the museum for water , he said , but "  they took his hands and tied him to the door that led to the gift shop so he could not escape , " according to the post . Hawass told CNN that when the suspects were apprehended , authorities found the remains of two mummies and some small artifacts with them . However , he said Sunday , everything that had been damaged can be restored . It may be that Egyptian citizens ' national pride in their heritage works to the advantage of its treasures , experts said . A picture was posted on Twitter of a "  human chain " surrounding the Cairo Museum , although it was unclear when the chain was formed . In many ways , Der Manuelian said , that national pride is a tribute to Hawass ' efforts in raising awareness and restoring pride in Egyptian culture . "  You may be seeing the direct result " of his efforts , he said . "  The Egyptian people are absolutely wonderful , " said Jan Summers Duffy , an Egyptologist at the College of Idaho and curator at the Orma J. Smith Museum of Natural History . She said she believes they can be counted on to defend museums and archaeological sites . "  With 80 million people in a country that suffers from poverty and rising food prices ... you have to expect that some people are going to be desperate and look for any means necessary to try to improve their lot , " said Kara Cooney , assistant professor of Egyptian art and architecture at the University of California , Los Angeles , and host of the Discovery Channel 's "  Out of Egypt . " But , she said , for every one of those , there are a thousand Egyptians who will defend ancient treasures . "  The people who are best able to protect these monuments are already there on the ground , " she said . " ... I just have to hope and trust that they 're able to do what they can . " Cooney said she had heard , but had n't been able to confirm , that authorities used a mosque 's loudspeaker to successfully urge citizens to come to the aid of the temple complex at Karnak and defend it from looters . On Monday , Hawass said all sites in northern Egypt , including Alexandria , were under the control of the army . Museums , he said , are also safe , along with major tourist sites in Giza and Saqqara near Cairo , and Luxor and Aswan farther south . So far , "  only small things " have occurred , he said -- for instance , a storage magazine was entered in the Sinai area and some objects were taken . In that incident , Hawass wrote , a "  large group , armed with guns and a truck " entered a site where antiquities from the Port Said Museum are stored and took some objects . "  Other groups attempted to enter the Coptic Museum , Royal Jewelry Museum , National Museum of Alexandria , and El Manial Museum , " he wrote . "  My heart is broken and my blood is boiling , " he wrote in the Sunday post . "  I feel that everything I have done in the last nine years has been destroyed in one day , but all the inspectors , young archaeologists and administrators are calling me from museums all over Egypt to tell me that they will give their life to protect our antiquities . Many young Egyptians are in the streets trying to stop the criminals . " Despite Hawass ' assurances , Egyptologists said they are concerned both about damage that has not yet been discovered and about what the future might hold for Egypt 's artifacts . Der Manuelian said he had heard that when Egyptian police disappeared from streets over the weekend , some sites were left unguarded . There are hundreds of storage magazines around the country , which had previously been under the protection of Egyptian police , Cooney said . Now , it is unclear who -- if anyone -- is protecting them . Reports of the incident at the Cairo Museum were "  heartbreaking , " said Summers Duffy , who spent the summer working on a project in Luxor involving the uncovering of tombs . She said she had heard "  it was basically quiet " in Luxor , "  but that 's for now . We expect things may change . " The Valley of the Kings and other important archaeological sites are located there , she said . Summers Duffy said she is "  on Facebook all the time " trying to make contact with Egyptologists and archaeologists she knows , to see if they remain at certain sites . Some have fled the unrest , she said . "  This has been my life 's work , " she said . " ... We do n't know what the future will hold . I hope at least some things can be preserved . " Facebook , Cooney said , is "  invaluable " as Egyptologists try to share information . Der Manuelian said most of his work is done at Giza , and he expects the site there will be well protected . There is a "  high-security wall " surrounding it , he said , and its proximity to Cairo may result in better protection . He said he is more worried about the outlying sites . "  Some of these monuments are big , so it 's easy  for a criminal  to duck behind something . " He recalled incidents of artifacts and monuments being destroyed in Iraq , saying his heart went out to colleagues who made those artifacts their field of study -- and wondered then how it might feel if it were Egypt 's artifacts in danger . He had hoped he would never find out . Worries are compounded , Cooney said , by the lack of reliable information -- experts have no way of knowing whether information is solid or if they are hearing a rumor . "  Some things have turned out not to be true , " she said . Der Manuelian said he had heard that sites in Abusir and Saqqara had been broken into . Abusir is a pyramid field on the left bank of the Nile , north of Saqqara , where many 5th Dynasty pharaohs chose to site their burial monuments . Saqqara , one of Egypt 's oldest burial sites , has several royal pyramids . However , Hawass said Monday that while padlocks for tombs at Saqqara were opened , nothing had been taken , damaged or disturbed . Work at some sites is continuing despite the unrest , Cooney said , but colleagues at other sites have been asked to leave by Egyptian police . Hawass said he has faith in both the Egyptian people and troops . He told CNN that when he left the Cairo Museum -- after rushing there Saturday morning following the curfew being lifted -- "  all the people in the streets were asking me , ` Is the Cairo Museum safe ? We need to protect the museum . ' " "  A very small number of people tried to break , steal and rob , " he wrote in his blog post "  Sadly , one criminal voice is louder than one hundred voices of peace . The Egyptian people are calling for freedom , not destruction . "	Egyptian official : The army is protecting sites and museums Experts believe Egyptians ' national pride will help protect valuable artifacts But Egyptologists do n't know what the future will hold Citizens helped apprehend looters at the Cairo Museum
RECIFE , Brazil  CNN  -- Seventeen bodies have been recovered from last week 's crash of an Air France jetliner off the South American coast , Brazil 's military said Sunday . A boat from the Brazilian navy picks up debris in the Atlantic on Sunday . The Brazilian navy and air force said they found nine bodies in the Atlantic Ocean , where the Airbus A330-200 went down . The crew of a French vessel taking part in the search has found eight , military officials told reporters Sunday evening . Air France 447 disappeared over the Atlantic early Monday . The jet was en route to Paris , France , from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , with 228 passengers and crew aboard . The bodies were found floating about 700 miles  1,100 kilometers  from the Brazilian coast . Items found in the same area Saturday were confirmed to have come from the jet , including pieces of the aircraft 's wing section , luggage and a leather briefcase containing an airplane ticket with a reservation code for the doomed flight , Brazilian air force spokesman Jorge Amaral told CNN . The exact location of the crash has not been determined , since ocean currents likely caused the bodies and debris to drift in the six days since the crash . And two key pieces of evidence -- the flight data and cockpit voice recorders -- remain missing , and could lay on the ocean floor . Map of Flight 447 's flight path " The part of the ocean where the debris and bodies have been found ranges between 19,685 and 26,247 feet  6,000 and 8,000 meters  deep . The search area covers 77,220 square miles  200,000 square km  , an area nearly as big as the country of Romania . CNN 's Carl Penhaul reports on more bodies found " Fourteen aircraft -- 12 Brazilian and two French -- were participating in the recovery efforts , along with five Brazilian ships and one French frigate . In Washington , a U.S. defense official told CNN the U.S. Navy will contribute two high-tech acoustic devices to listen for emergency beacons still operating in deep water . The "  towed pinger locators " help search for emergency beacons on downed aircraft to a maximum depth of 20,000 feet , and will be placed aboard two French tugs that are part of the search efforts , the official said . Recovery of bodies and debris is significant not only for families , but for crash investigators , said Mary Schiavo , a former inspector general for the U.S. Department of Transportation . "  Even if they do n't find anything else they can get some very important clues from the pieces that they do find and from the human remains , " Schiavo told CNN Saturday . She said investigators would be able to discern if there was an explosion from possible residue on the bodies or other items . Or , if water is found in the lungs of victims , investigators would know the plane went down intact , she said . Investigators in Paris said Saturday that the Air France flight sent out 24 automated error messages lasting about four minutes before it crashed . The error messages suggest the plane may have been flying too fast or too slow through severe thunderstorms it encountered before the crash , officials said . Schiavo said the four minutes of automated signals sent from the plane "  was a very long time . " Investigators also reported the airline failed to replace a part on the aircraft , as recommended by the manufacturer , Airbus . Airbus had advised airlines to update equipment that monitors speed , known as Pitot tubes . The recommendation was a result of technological developments and improvements , an Airbus spokesman told CNN . The change was not mandatory , and the spokesman would not comment on Air France 's failure to follow the advice . CNN 's Karl Penhaul , Richard Quest and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Brazilian military finds nine bodies ; crew of French vessel finds eight Plane disappeared over Atlantic Ocean last week U.S. to contribute high-tech devices to look for plane 's emergency beacons
CNN  -- In 1995 , Kerry Washington had just launched her career . The actress , then 18 , had one professional credit to her name -- a role in an ABC after-school special , according to Internet Movie Database . Oh what a difference a few years can make . Now Washington is the star of the hit ABC series "  Scandal , " and she 's nominated for outstanding lead actress in a drama at Sunday 's Primetime Emmy Awards . The last time an African-American woman was up for such an honor was when she was starting out .  Cicely Tyson was nominated for her work in "  Sweet Justice " in 1995 . Washington already has made history as the first black actress to lead a network TV drama in almost 40 years . Jada Pinkett Smith was the lead actress of a cable drama , TNT 's "  HawthoRNe , " which was canceled in 2011 . Record accomplishments aside , it is undeniable Washington is having a moment . Not only has she seemingly been on the cover of every magazine lately , but the actress also managed to pull off a Hollywood coup by getting married without the world even knowing she was dating . "  I do n't want to sound smug about it ... but the point is to do what 's best for me , " Washington recently told Glamour magazine of secretly marrying San Francisco 49ers cornerback Nnamdi Asomugha . "  I have girlfriends in this business who talk about their personal lives , and it works for them , and I love it . But not for me . " For most , the first time Washington grabbed attention was as struggling teen mom Chenille Reynolds in the 2001 film "  Save the Last Dance . " She followed that with roles in movies both big and small -- from "  Bad Company " with Chris Rock and Anthony Hopkins to the indie "  Night Catches Us . " Despite positive reviews and glowing praise from her contemporaries , Washington had a career that was slow and steady at best . She finally began to break out when critics hailed her portrayal of Ray Charles ' wife , Della Bea Robinson , opposite Jamie Foxx in the 2004 Oscar-nominated film "  Ray . " The pair teamed up again in 2012 for Quentin Tarantino 's "  Django Unchained . " But it is her role on the small screen as political power fixer Olivia Pope on "  Scandal " that has brought Washington the most recognition -- from the Emmy nomination to People Magazine 's best dressed star of 2013 . According to "  Scandal " creator Shonda Rhimes , all the accolades could n't be happening to a more well-deserving actress . Kerry Washington talks Olivia Pope , slavery and politics "  She knows every single person 's name  on the show  , " Rhimes recently told Vanity Fair . "  She gave out the prizes in our little weight-loss competition that we had on set . And , more importantly -- and this is a thing I am really trying to learn from her -- I have never heard Kerry Washington complain . That sounds like a casual thing to toss off , but think about the fact that she works more hours than anybody . I literally never hear her complain . That is a very rare breed of person . " It is also rare how Washington is able to keep her personal life private while still appearing accessible to fans . "  Scandal 's " success -- and consequently her own -- has partly been attributed to the series ' active social media presence . Cast members live tweet during every episode , and Washington is especially engaged with fans -- retweeting them and answering their questions . According to The Hollywood Reporter , the social media strategy paid off last season in the form of higher ratings and increased buzz . For Washington , it translated into the chance to compete with Claire Danes of "  Homeland " and Robin Wright of "  House of Cards " for television 's most prestigious honor . Washington has said she fully embraces the recognition , but for her , it has always been about the craft . "  I do n't approach the work or the life of the work from the perspective of , like , what are voters gon na think , " Washington told Entertainment Weekly after she was nominated . "  Or , what are critics gon na think ? I just ca n't . Once you try to please a specific perspective or audience , it gets in the way of the work . The work is telling the story , and that 's what you have to do : Tell the story in the best way possible to serve the creative vision and to serve the story . You can never control how it 's going to be received . " Fans are looking forward to see what will happen Sunday , but to them , Washington 's already a winner .	Actress is the first black woman to be nominated in her Emmy category since 1995 Kerry Washington has managed to keep her personal life private Despite acclaim and recognition , it 's all about the work for Washington
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Australian authorities most likely will announce the next search area for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 on Thursday , a senior Malaysian official told CNN on condition of anonymity Wednesday . The search area will be "  refined , " rather than brand new , and still will be in the southern Indian Ocean , where previous underwater explorations have failed to find the aircraft , the official said . Flight 370 disappeared over Southeast Asia on March 8 , and searchers have found no trace of the Boeing 777 or the 239 people aboard , making it one of the biggest mysteries in aviation history . The flight had been scheduled to go from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , to Beijing . Officials with three nations deeply involved in the search -- Malaysia , China and Australia -- approved the next search zone , the senior Malaysian official said . The Australian Transport Safety Bureau said this week that it 's been re-examining data and that the review could shift the search area south of the previous zone . Searchers plotted initial search areas based in part on satellite data that they said indicated the plane flew to the southern Indian Ocean . Hopes of closure then were raised in early April , when a search team detected pings west of Australia that were initially thought to have come from the plane 's flight data recorders . But Australian authorities said an exhaustive search of the sea floor around the pings yielded no wreckage and ruled the area out as the aircraft 's final resting place . Last week , a group of independent experts -- using satellite data publicly released in May -- also said it thought the missing aircraft was in the south Indian Ocean , but approximately hundreds of miles southwest of the previous search site . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Search area will be refined rather than brand new , Malaysian official said Analysts have been re-evaluating satellite data Experts recommended shifting the search hundreds of miles in the southern Indian Ocean Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 disappeared on March 8 with 239 people aboard
CNN  -- "  The sequester is coming , the sequester is coming , " cries Chicken Little , speaking of the across-the-board spending reductions set to kick in next Friday . As a result , much of the Washington establishment , politicians of both parties , and the media are bracing for the apocalypse . Henny Penny worries about poisoned meat going uninspected , the air traffic control system shutting down , and schools being forced to close . Meanwhile Turkey Lurkey is afraid that national security is threatened because our military will be gutted . And Foxy Loxy is concerned there will be massive job losses and our economy will crash . The reality , though , is that most of what we are being told about the sequester is just a fairy tale . Here 's why : The sequester imposes savage spending cuts Actually , the sequester does n't cut federal spending at all , or rather it cuts it only in the Washington sense of any reduction from projected baseline increases is a cut . In reality , even if the sequester goes through , the federal government will spend more every single year . In fact , in 2023 it will be spending $ 2.39 trillion more than it does today . OK , but at least the reductions in projected spending are big , right ? Hardly . This year , the sequester would slow the growth in federal spending by just $ 85 billion , from an expected , pre-sequester budget of $ 3.64 trillion -- less than a 2.3 % reduction . To put that in perspective , the federal government borrows $ 85 billion every 28 days . In fact , this actually overstates the size of this year 's cuts . Because of ongoing contracts and the Byzantine labyrinth of federal budgeting , only $ 44 billion of that $ 85 billion will actually be cut from this year 's budget . The rest will be cut in future years , but attributed to this year 's budget . So , the real reduction in federal spending this year is just 1.2 % . If the federal government ca n't reduce spending by less than a penny-and-a-half on the dollar without throwing us into the dark ages , something is truly wrong . But are n't the cuts larger for domestic discretionary spending ? It is true that the cuts are not spread equally across all types of federal spending . Entitlement programs , such as Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security are generally exempt -- Grandma 's Social Security check wo n't be cut -- meaning that discretionary spending takes a disproportionately larger hit . Still , we are talking about a reduction of less than 9 % . That would leave domestic discretionary spending , after adjusting for inflation , at roughly the same level as 2009 . You recall 2009 , do n't you ? The starvation , the mass closure of our schools , the shutdown of the transportation system , the burning cities ? What about defense ? Surely , the sequester guts defense Defense does take the biggest cut under sequester , nearly 13 % of planned spending . In fact , defense spending would really be cut , in the sense of actually spending less , over the next two years . Still , it would never fall below the level of spending we had as recently as 2007 , a year we managed to survive without al Qaeda wading ashore in Long Beach . Beginning in 2015 , defense spending would start rising again , in real terms , and would exceed current levels by 2019 . Keeping all this in perspective , over the entire 10-year period covered by the sequester , defense spending would average roughly $ 100 billion more each year  after adjusting for inflation  than we spent at the height of the cold war . I 'm still worried about the impact on the economy . Some economists believe that the sequester will cost thousands of jobs and throw us into another recession . True or not ? The proposed spending reductions amount to less than 0.03 % of our gross domestic product . If our economy ca n't survive spending cuts of that size , we truly are Greece . Of course , in the short term , there will be some layoffs and furloughs . This will be hard on some communities that depend heavily on government spending , and even harder on those workers directly affected . However , most of the numbers cited about the numbers of jobs at risk come from industry groups with a vested interest in making the cuts look as bad as possible . This entire argument buys into the Keynesian conceit that government spending creates jobs over the long term . But the resources necessary to create those jobs have to be extracted from the private economy either through taxes or borrowing . That means the private sector then has fewer resources to invest in job creation . Given that the private sector generally puts those resources to a more productive use , it is likely that government spending destroys more jobs over the long run than it creates . We can and should have a legitimate debate about the best way to cut spending . But let 's not be distracted by fairy tales about how the sky is falling . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael D. Tanner .	Michael Tanner : Most of what we are told about the sequester is just a fairy tale Tanner : Some think the sequester imposes savage spending cuts , but that 's not true He says although defense spending will be cut , it would never fall below 2007 level Tanner : Government spending may destroy more jobs in the long run than it creates
CNN  -- The budget battles continue to rage . Every time the Congress and the president reach another resolution over taxes and spending -- the new fiscal cliff -- another round of fighting begins . At best , the government manages to operate based on continuing resolutions , temporary stopgap measures that indicate the budget process is dysfunctional . At worst , the federal government shuts down -- as it might this week -- or Congress will fail to raise the debt ceiling in a few more weeks . The impact of these fights could be horrendous for the economy . Few dispute that our budget process is broken . But the nation is so buried in the weeds , trying to scramble out of each specific budget battle , that there is hardly time to step back and understand what dynamics are driving this process . Partisan strategy is one of the main culprits . Polarization has made almost every issue more contentious on Capitol Hill . But in recent years , Republicans in particular have taken the initiative to use the budget as a way to handcuff Democratic presidents . The strategy has deep roots . In 1966 and 1967 , conservative Southern Democrats and Midwestern Republicans focused attention on the rising deficits to force President Lyndon Johnson to accept deep spending cuts and bring his opportunities for enacting more legislation to an end . In 1995 and 1996 , Republicans shut down the federal government with their push for spending cuts . Even after the backlash helped President Bill Clinton regain his political standing , which had plummeted after the 1994 election , the GOP continued to insist on spending cuts through the remainder of Clinton 's term , leaving him little opportunity to do much more than to try and curtail their demands . Since 2010 , a growing number of Republicans have been willing to use aggressive techniques to force President Barack Obama 's hand on this issue . They have demonstrated that they would be fine with shutting down the government and they have threatened to not raise the debt ceiling -- which would send the country into default . To be sure there have been moments when Democrats have challenged Republican presidents as well . The difference is they have usually done so symbolically to make a statement about Republican policies , whereas the new generation of Republicans appears willing to follow through on the threat . In a recent interview with The New York Times , New York Republican Peter King lambasted his colleagues , calling Sen. Ted Cruz 's recent tactics , "  a form of governmental terrorism . " Another reason the budgeting process is becoming ever more brutal is because , historically , once legislators break the barrier of using a certain tactic , the practice can become normalized . The best example is the filibuster . There was a time when members of the Senate were reluctant to use the filibuster frequently . They reserved it for high-profile issues , like civil rights , believing that ordinarily a majority should be sufficient to pass legislation . But since the 1970s , the filibuster has become a routine weapon in partisan combat . Senators have been willing to threaten or use the filibuster more frequently , and to do so on rather mundane issues . The result has been that the Senate became a chamber where a supermajority is required on most issues . We 're seeing a similar dynamic with the budget . Whereas threatening a government shutdown was once seen as a highly dramatic act , in the current environment there are many legislators who seem to view it as a legitimate part of congressional debate . While there was a time when legislators warned that they would not vote in favor of raising the debt ceiling only when they knew that Congress was going to raise the debt ceiling , now more legislators are open to following through on the threat that the debt limit increase wo n't pass . Each time that they do it , the threat becomes more familiar , and more accepted by some . Finally , the budget wars are fueled by the 24-hour news media , with outlets on cable television and the Internet that are constantly in search of dramatic stories to win attention . The budget war offers great fodder . The possibility of a fiscal cliff offers political junkies a bit of the kind of thrill that "  Breaking Bad " fans have felt every time Walter White extricates himself from another bind . As a result , legislators such as Cruz , who gained considerable attention over the past few weeks for his dramatic stand against Obamacare , are making a name for themselves and staying in the headlines . The budget process might not be good for the nation , but it is certainly a great way for a politician to receive attention . At some point there will be pressure to reform the process . The latest round of budget battles led a larger number of Republicans , like Sen. John McCain , to be openly critical of their colleagues and call for a very different approach . As Representative King , an opponent of the Affordable Care Act , explained , "  I still think we should try to repeal the bill . But you repeal it the same way you passed it . You get bills through both houses of Congress , and you get the president to sign it . " Budget reform is possible . For instance , there has been some discussion about the possibility of repealing the need for a congressional vote to raise the debt ceiling . There have been several moments in U.S. history , such as in 1921 and 1974 , when Congress overhauled the entire budget process . It might be time to start that debate again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Budget battles reoccur regularly , and each time seems worse Republicans have used the weapon of a shutdown to cripple Democratic presidents , he says Zelizer : When a tactic such as threatening to veto debt limit increase is used , it becomes the new normal He says some in GOP are outraged , and now is a good time to talk about reforming budget process
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Justin Bieber 's recent arrests and alleged pot-smoking antics on an airplane raise the question : Who 's in charge ? Can parents stand a chance of keeping their kid in line if he 's a highly paid teen celebrity ? CNN interviewed two celebrity parents and two professionals who help young stars after they crash about why parenthood is perhaps the toughest role in Hollywood . They point to predators , parasites and parents who do n't act like parents as culprits . Parents ca n't be pals Justin Bieber and his dad seem to be best buddies . They even have matching tattoos . Jeremy Bieber , 38 , was with his son during several of the incidents that have brought him legal trouble in the past weeks . Father and son were partying together in Miami Beach , Florida , before the younger Bieber , 19 , was arrested on a drunken driving charge . The elder Bieber was with his son the night he allegedly assaulted a Toronto limousine driver . A U.S. Customs report said Jeremy and Justin Bieber were both flying on a chartered jet when the pilots had to put on oxygen masks after marijuana smoke filled the cabin . "  You have the parents acting as a child with them , " said Dr. Damon Raskin , a former child actor who helps celebrities detox in rehab . "  This enables their addictions and contributes to their spiral downward , as with Justin Bieber and Lindsay Lohan . " Lindsay Lohan 's father , who runs an addiction treatment facility in Florida , said he would never party with his daughter . Michael Lohan has been publicly critical of his ex-wife for doing that . "  You ca n't socialize with your kids , " Michael Lohan said . "  You ca n't attend events and party with them . " Lohan missed out on some of his daughter 's childhood when he served prison time in connection with a Wall Street insider trading investigation . He also had his own substance abuse issues , which were addressed in rehab . The parent of another successful young actress -- who at age 20 has never been in trouble -- replied "  Oh , hell no ! " when asked if she would ever party with her daughter . "  You ca n't party with your kid , " she said . "  You have to keep your position as a parent . " She asked to remain anonymous so as not to embarrass her daughter . Richard Taite is the founder and CEO of Cliffside Malibu , the rehab facility where Lindsay Lohan was treated last year . He cites a "  truism that never changes . " "  When parents raise their children with a healthy boundary and recognize that they are not to be this child 's friend , but to be their parent , what happens is , these children grow up to be well-adjusted , " Taite said . "  We look at them as stars , but the reality is they are still children , and children crave boundaries . If you 're going to be their friend primarily , and you just happen to be a parent , then do n't be shocked when your children grow up with social adjustment issues . " Unnatural role reversal Parents of a young star often leave their own jobs to travel with their children as they make movies or perform on concert tours . "  The parent can no longer work because they run around with them , and sometimes the kids realize that and it 's unnatural , " the previously quoted mother said . "  They let the kid turn wild because they feel guilty , because they are not working . " A mother is needed to do things the manager or agent wo n't do , such as helping them study scripts and run lines with them between scenes , she said . "  No agent does that . " But even if parents keep their own careers , their child 's income can far exceed their own . This role reversal can leave a parent powerless to enforce rules . "  It 's hard for the parent to have control when the kid knows they 're making more money than them , " she said . "  If he wants to go to a party , he 's going to use that . " This mother shared the story of another parent who put her foot down when her 16-year-old actress daughter refused to clean up her bedroom . The teen suggested the maid could do it . The mom called the producer of her hit TV series and told him the actress would not be showing that day until she cleaned her room . The producer agreed to shoot around the young actress that day . The daughter cleaned the room after that , she said . It 's a move many parents are afraid of making , out of fear it could cost their child work in the future . "  Parents afraid to upset the system , " the mother said . No one to say ` No ' "  These kids need structure , " Raskin said . "  They need boundaries . They need to be told ` no ' . Sometimes the parents are missing , emotionally abandoning them , being too involved in their own lives . There is no one to say ` no ' if your parent ca n't say ` no ' to you . " Justin Bieber needs "  someone who is willing to piss him off , " the actress 's mother said . "  A good parent has to do that . " It 's something she does regularly with her daughter , even though she 's now legally an adult . "  It 's no secret -- we battle , " she said . Michael Lohan said it is "  important to steer them into the right direction " about who they should associate with , but it is "  hard to control that . " It 's the "  parasites that come around them " at night that cause problems , he said . Another problem is that the bodyguards -- who are suppose to protect them -- party with them and help to cover it up , Lohan said . Momagers and predators When a performer turns 18 in California , he or she is handed the checkbook to the trust fund where 15 % of their earnings have been deposited under the state 's "  Coogan Act . " The law was written to protect them from the fate of Jackie Coogan , who made a fortune as a child actor in silent films , but his parents spent the money before he became an adult . These 18-year-olds are also given the freedom make their own business decisions . It 's almost a ritual for managers , agents , lawyers and publicists to approach them with the advice that they ditch their parents as advisers , the actress 's mother said . "  When they are almost 18 , they have secret lunches and they tell your kids ` You need to leave your parents , ' " she said . "  The parents have no power then . " Her own daughter only told her a year later that her manager "  took her to lunch and said she needed to get away from mom , " she said . "  The agents turned because I was putting pressure on them , because they did n't have a plan for her at 17 and 18 , " the mother said . "  When you make them do their job , then you become the enemy . " Michael Lohan told a similar story about his daughter when she was almost 18 and making the movie "  Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen . " Justin 's mom : ` He 's just Justin to me ' Justin Bieber 's mother Pattie Mallette told CNN 's Anderson Cooper in a 2012 interview that she "  did n't want him even to know it was an option " to be in the entertainment industry . However , it was his mother who first put his videos on YouTube , which led to his discovery by manager Scooter Braun . She moved with him from Canada to Atlanta where Braun launched Bieber 's remarkable career . "  Parenting him is , I think , like anybody parenting a child , " Mallette told HLN a year ago . "  We just have a different set of circumstances . It does n't affect me at all . His lifestyle has different circumstances that we have to work around , but he 's just Justin to me . " Mallette told USAToday that she 's always been protective of her son . "  You hear all the horror stories about kids and teenagers in this industry , and I did n't want to throw my son to the wolves . I 've done my best to protect him and surround him with good people . " Michelle Obama : ` I 'd pull him close ' First lady Michelle Obama , mother of two girls , was asked by Univision Radio host Enrique Santos on Friday what she would do if Justin Bieber was her son . "  I 'd pull him close , " Obama said . "  I do n't know if it would be advice as much as action . I would be very present in his life right now and I would be probably with him a good chunk of the time , just there to talk , to figure out what 's going on in his head , to figure out who 's in his life and who 's not . " Her daughters "  just want me near , they want that advice from a parent , " she said . "  They want to see you on a daily basis . " Taite 's suggestion for Justin Bieber does not involve his parents . He should have a talk with the Justin Bieber of 15 years from now . "  What he has to do is have a moment of truth and sit down and recognize that his 35-year-old self would be bitch-slapping him right now , " the rehab owner said . Bieber also should find "  the best , top notch therapist he humanely , possibly can in the industry , who is desensitized to who he is , " Taite said .	Predators , parasites and parents who do n't act like parents are culprits Michael Lohan : "  You ca n't socialize with your kids " Managers , agents try to separate 18-year-old stars from their parents , mother says "  There is no one to say ` no ' if your parent ca n't say ` no ' to you , " rehab doctor says
CNN  -- TV commentator and Tea Party favorite Christine O'Donnell defeated U.S. Rep. Mike Castle in Delaware 's Republican U.S. Senate primary Tuesday . O'Donnell won more than 53 percent of the vote in the bitter campaign that displayed internal Republican warfare . O'Donnell on Tuesday night thanked her supporters , including Tea Party groups , saying they "  rallied everyday Americans outside of the political establishment , -LSB- got -RSB- them involved and created a grassroots network that made all of this possible . " "  Do n't ever underestimate the power of we , the people , " O'Donnell said to raucous cheers from her supporters . "  We , the people , will have our voice heard in Washington , D.C. , once again . " Castle , a former Delaware governor who has served nine terms in the House , thanked supporters in a concession speech Tuesday night . "  The last several weeks have been spirited , shall we say , and the voters of the Republican primary have spoken , and I respect that decision , " Castle said . In the closing days of the primary campaign , O'Donnell got a boost with an endorsement by former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and more than $ 150,000 in late contributions from the Tea Party Express . The GOP establishment is concerned O'Donnell has no chance of winning the seat -- once held by Joe Biden for 26 years before he became vice president -- in November . A top Republican official warned Tuesday night that national Republicans will be slow to rally around O'Donnell . "  Until she demonstrates some viability in the polls , we are not going to have any money for her , " the official told CNN . "  It is now incumbent on Sarah Palin , -LSB- U.S. Sen. -RSB- Jim DeMint -LSB- of South Carolina -RSB- and the Tea Party Express to help support her . They got her here . Now make it happen . " O'Donnell told CNN 's Jessica Yellin on Tuesday night that she 'd "  love -LSB- establishment Republicans ' -RSB- support , but they 're the same so-called experts who said I could n't win the primary . " "  If we just had that throw-in-the towel mentality every time there was a fight that needed to be fought , our country would n't be what it is , " O'Donnell said . "  There 's a lot of visionaries and leaders ... in this room who believe we can win , and if -LSB- establishment Republicans are -RSB- too lazy to put in the effort that we need to win , then so be it . We 're going to win without them . I 'd love their support , but we 're going to win without them . " O'Donnell positioned herself as a conservative gate-crasher . "  We 're breaking up the backroom deals , " she told CNN before Tuesday 's primary . "  We 're restoring the political process back to the hands of the people . " She refers to Castle as the "  anointed one . " In an interview before the primary , O'Donnell told CNN : -- The Republican Party is behind "  false accusations and attack ads " against her and accused party operatives of "  fighting for not only my opponent 's political career but their own political career . " -- She believes it 's "  a shame " that FreedomWorks , the Dick Armey group that backs Tea Party candidates , declined to endorse her but disagrees with the organization 's view that she ca n't win the general election , saying , "  No one even thought we could get this far . " -- Palin 's endorsement "  is helping a lot " because "  it gave my supporters an extra boost of encouragement . " And it helped her , too : "  Gov. Palin can relate to the politics of personal destruction , and she 's survived them and they did n't get her down . " -- And she says she 'd love support from one well-known Democrat : "  I would love Hillary Clinton 's endorsement . When I saw her presidential ads , I said , ` You go , girl ! ' I 'm a Republican , so I probably wo n't vote for her , but I do admire her . " Democrats were positively gleeful at the prospect of an O'Donnell victory on Tuesday . Many had written off Vice President Joe Biden 's old Senate seat as a loss . But with O'Donnell the projected winner , Democrats believe they can hold the seat in November , which could save their majority in the Senate . The big unknown heading into Tuesday was voter turnout . There are fewer than 183,000 registered Republicans in the state . It 's a closed primary -- meaning neither Democrats  about 293,000 registered voters  nor independents  146,000 registered as "  other "  can vote . And in an off-year primary , few voters tend to turn out . So this race -- and perhaps the balance of power in the Senate -- was decided by fewer people than usually turn out for a Palin rally . CNN 's Mark Preston contributed to this report	NEW : O'Donnell says she 'll win without establishment GOP support if it 's not offered O'Donnell , backed by Tea Party , beats Rep. Mike Castle in GOP primary for Senate Top GOP official : National Republicans will be slow to rally around O'Donnell Democrats say O'Donnell win could help them keep a Senate seat
Budget Travel  -- Holiday travelers are filling up flights , and flu season is in full swing , so it 's more important than ever to protect yourself against illness . We dug deep to identify the major germ zones on planes  and tips to avoid them  . No , you 're not likely to contract meningitis , but better safe than sorry , right ? GERM ZONE : Water FOR : E. coli , a common culprit behind stomach cramps Your plane reaches 30,000 feet , the fasten-seat-belt sign switches off , and the flight attendant comes by to take your drink order : Coffee or tea ? Ice water ? They seem like innocent offers -- until you consider that airplane water has been under review by the EPA for traces of E. coli for six years . A random sampling of 327 unnamed domestic and international aircraft caused a stir in 2004 when some water samples tested positive for E. coli , one strain of which is the leading cause of food poisoning in the U.S. Coffee and tea are brewed on board with such water and do n't typically reach hot enough temperatures to kill E. coli . When bottled water runs out , some planes have been known to fill fliers ' glasses from the tank . One British Airways crew member confessed to the London-based Times that , in those cases , the crew first has to wait for any cloudy "  floating stuff " to settle out . And onboard tanks are small to limit their weight , so planes sometimes refill at foreign airports , where water standards can be questionable . The encouraging news is that water quality and control are improving : From 2005 to 2008 , only 3.6 percent of samples tested positive for coliform bacteria , of which only a small fraction tested positive for E. coli . And in October 2011 , the EPA 's Aircraft Drinking Water Rule , with more standardized , stringent disinfection and inspection regulations , will go into effect . TIP : Once you clear the security checkpoint , purchase a bottle of water to bring on board . When the flight attendant comes to take your order , stick to soda , juice and other prepackaged liquids , minus the ice . While ice cubes are usually supplied by an outside vendor , some large planes may have their own ice-making capabilities -- reliant on tank water . Budget Travel : 10 scenic airport landings GERM ZONE : Seat Pocket FOR : Cold and influenza A , B , and C viruses There 's a familiar routine to settling in on a plane : Store your luggage in the overhead bin and deposit any personal items you want to be readily available in your seat pocket . But reaching into that pocket is akin to putting your hand in someone else 's purse and rummaging among their used tissues and gum wrappers . Toenail clippings and mushy old French fries are even nastier surprises that have been found in seat pockets . Consider that cold and influenza viruses can survive for hours on fabric and tissues , and even longer  up to 48 hours  on nonporous surfaces like plastic and metal -- and you realize that you might pick up more than that glossy flight magazine when you reach inside . TIP : Bring a small , easily accessible carry-on bag so that you can avoid stashing things in the seat pocket . If you must use it , keep magazines and other items within a plastic bag for protection . GERM ZONE : Tray Table FOR : MRSA , a deadly superbug Flight attendants have witnessed many repulsive misuses of the tray table , from parents changing dirty diapers to kids sticking their boogers underneath . Research confirms that the handy tray table is a petri dish for all kinds of health hazards , including the superbug Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus Aureus  MRSA  , which is often fatal once contracted . It kills an estimated 20,000 Americans annually . In 2007 , University of Arizona researcher Jonathan Sexton tested tray tables from three major airliners , and an alarming 60 percent tested positive for the superbug . That 's quite a revelation considering only 11 percent of his samples from the New York subway found traces of the bug . TIP : Bring disinfectant wipes to clean off your tray table before and after use , and never eat directly off the surface . CDC guidelines tell you what to look for in a disinfectant and recommend checking a product 's label to see if MRSA is on the list of bacteria it kills ; Lysol disinfecting wipes is one reliable choice . And be sure to protect any cuts with Band-Aids -- the most common way of contracting an MRSA infection is through open skin . Budget Travel : The coolest gifts for every traveler GERM ZONE : Airplane Meal FOR : Listeria , a microbe known to cause gastrointestinal illness and meningitis In-flight meals have long had a bad reputation for consisting of bland , barely identifiable dishes . Then , in 2009 , the meals made headlines when FDA inspections of the Denver location of LSG Sky Chefs -- the world 's largest airplane caterer with clients including American Airlines , Delta and United -- found the kitchens crawling with roaches too numerous to count and employees handling the food with bare hands or unwashed gloves . Test samples from the food preparation area also found traces of Listeria monocytogenes , which can cause gastrointestinal illness and meningitis , as well as cervical infection in pregnant women . Your likelihood of contracting illness from the microbe is very low , though it should be noted that one fifth of the 2,500 annual cases are fatal . LSG Sky Chefs , to its credit , responded accordingly after the news broke and passed the FDA 's follow-up inspection in January 2010 . TIP : It sounds like LSG has cleaned up its act , but you 'll never really know where your meal has been . If you 're concerned , eat beforehand and bring your own snacks onto the plane . Check out our article on how to make a sandwich that will still be appetizing once you 're in the air . For starters , choose a well-cured meat like prosciutto or salami . GERM ZONE : Airplane Pillow and Blankets FOR : Germs like Aspergillus niger that cause pneumonia and infections Talk about sleeping with the enemy . You 're snuggling with a blanket and pillow that have likely been used by many drowsy , drooling passengers before you . Unless visibly soiled , pillows and blankets are often reissued because of the frequency of flights . A 2007 investigation by The Wall Street Journal revealed that airlines cleaned their blankets every five to 30 days . And do n't assume your blanket is new just because it 's wrapped in plastic . The Union of Needletrades , Industrial , and Textile Employees made a big stink in 2000 when it accused Royal Airline Laundry -- which supplies pillows and blankets to clients like American , United and US Airways -- of repackaging pillows and blankets without cleaning them properly . Its research found blankets with traces of Pseudomonas paucimobilis , known for causing lung and eye infections , and pillowcases with Aspergillus niger , which can lead to pneumonia and gastrointestinal bleeding . In the decade since , airlines like Southwest and Alaska Airlines have removed pillows and blankets completely , while JetBlue , US Airways and American now charge for them . TIP : There have been no documented reports linking airlines to these infections . But if you 're worried about staying warm -- and want to avoid potential germs and airline fees -- wear layers and thick socks , and consider bringing Grabber Warmers , small disposable hand and foot warmers . A travel pillow and compact blanket will help you sleep in comfort . Budget Travel : See the pyramids GERM ZONE : Airplane Lavatory FOR : A smorgasbord of threats like E. coli or fecal bacteria After a mid-flight nap , you wake up to nature 's call and must face the airplane 's biggest germ zone : the lavatory . With hundreds of people using the commode daily , the small boxy space is a natural haven for all kinds of germs and viruses , especially on the door handle  do you really think every passenger washes his or her hands ?  . And that thunderous volcanic toilet flush does n't exactly help the situation , spraying water and releasing potential germs into the air every which way . The CDC cited the lavatory as a major danger area for the spread of disease during the H1N1 flu and SARS epidemics . TIP : Use a paper towel to close the toilet lid before flushing -- and then leave without washing your hands . Remember that cloudy tank water we described above ? The sink water comes from the same source . You 'll come away cleaner if you skip the sink and reach for hand sanitizer instead . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Airplane water has been under review for traces of E. coli for six years Purchase bottled water to bring on board and do n't use ice cubes in your drink To avoid catching the cold or flu , do n't stash things in the seat pocket Do n't wash your hands after using the airplane bathroom -- use sanitizer instead
CNN  -- Europe 's Ryder Cup selections endured largely disappointing finishes to the final build-up tournament before the biennial clash gets underway later this week as Dutchman Joost Luiten won the Wales Open Sunday . Luiten overcame a poor start to his round at Celtic Manor , venue for the 2010 Ryder Cup , to finish on 14-under after a level par 71 . It was his fourth victory on the European Tour , but his late season form came too late to earn him a spot in Paul McGinley 's team to face the United States at Gleneagles next Friday . Luiten had to battle to salvage a par-five on the 18th to hold off England 's Tommy Fleetwood and Ireland 's Shane Lowry at Celtic Manor . Fleetwood finished with a six-under burst for the last five holes and Lowry also birdied the 18th to set the target for Luiten . "  It was tough , it was hard work down the last , " said Luiten Four members of McGinley 's 12-strong team were in action in Wales with Ryder Cup debutant Jamie Donaldson the best placed . He birdied the last for a 67 to finish on 12-under and a tie for fourth alongside Belgian Nicolas Colsaerts , England 's Eddie Pepperell , Scotland 's Marc Warren and Edoardo Molinari of Italy . But Denmark 's Thomas Bjorn and Lee Westwood of England were distinctly out of sorts in their final tune ups . Veteran Bjorn shot a 74 to finish one over par and a rusty Westwood struggled to a 76 for two over . He will be making his ninth appearance later this week and was unfazed by his poor display . "  I hit a few good shots  this week  , not so good today , but I probably had one eye on next week . I do n't think the concentration and the focus was there , " he told the European Tour website . "  The Ryder Cup is very special , I am looking forward to getting there tonight and preparing for Friday when it starts . " At least Westwood and Bjorn made the cut . Stephen Gallacher , making his debut as one of McGinley 's picks , failed to make the weekend . Meanwhile , world number one Rory McIlroy said he was looking forward to capping his remarkable year with a third Ryder Cup triumph . "  Personally for me it would just be the icing on the cake of what 's already a fantastic year , " he told Sky Sports . "  It 's way better to win as part of a team . The best experiences in my golf career have been the Ryder Cup and to be able to celebrate with all these guys . It 's very special . " McIlroy famously nearly missed his tee time ahead of the final day singles match at Medinah in 2012 , but made it with minutes to spare to beat Keegan Bradley as Europe completed a remarkable comeback to retain the trophy .	Joost Luiten wins Wales Open at Celtic Manor Final tournament before Ryder Cup at Gleneagles Four European Ryder Cup members in action Jamie Donaldson finishes the best at tied for fourth
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- From the runway to the store rack , Vivienne Tam is one designer who uses creativity and business acumen in equal measure . Leading fashion designer Vivienne Tam spoke to CNN 's Andrew Stevens in The Boardroom . Since her start in the fashion business in the early '80s and establishing her own brand in the '90s , she has risen to fame with her east-meets-west styles . Today it 's her skills in business which have expanded the label to some 30 stores worldwide , from New York to Beijing . CNN 's Andrew Stevens caught up with the designer in Hong Kong to talk about what it 's like to lead both the business and creative direction of a global fashion line . Tam : The business side is like designing , it 's like I like the touch of the fabric , I like to know the details about it . And you feel about it , you know about the deal , because who 's the person who knows what the best deal for you is ? Yourself . It 's like designing clothes , I love to know how to solve every single thing , you know . Like what kind of budget Stevens : It 's just natural curiosity ? Tam : Natural curiosity , I love it . I love every aspect of it . Stevens : Who have you learned your business skills from or have you made it up as you went along ? Tam : I self-taught myself in business ; I know nothing about the business , I learned everything -- about the pricing , the shipping , the contracts , everything -- by doing it . When you 're doing it yourself , you know everything . If you do n't do it , you just listen to somebody telling you how to do it , you 're not experiencing it . Once you 're experiencing it , you can grow so much from it . Once you experience it , you can go further , much further . It 's a feeling of it . Stevens : When you won the Hong Kong businesswoman of the year award , you said that your mother was one of your greatest inspirations . How did she inspire you ? Tam : She inspired me so much you know , like you say , the determination , persistence . When she really wanted to make something , she would really go to the end , she 'd really want to make it happen and I see her , she 's really the force behind me . We were quite poor , we had no money , my parents were working really hard . When I grew up , I saw them working so hard , and then deep inside myself that I wanted to change the situation , I wanted to make something , this one thing . Stevens : What do you think are the most important qualities for a businessperson ? Tam : For me , it 's most important , a vision , determination , and to never say no to yourself . And be open to criticisms , open to learning , and open to criticisms and knowing nothing about the business ; nothing , so you can learn everything by knowing nothing , you know , and be successful in the things that you did n't know . Stevens : You work in a very creative industry , how do you keep your staff motivated in this industry , how do you keep them going , how do you keep them working for you ? Tam : I always tell them my story , how I was in school when my teacher asked for one outfit -- I give them 8 outfits . I told them , do things that I did n't ask you , give me , do your work with passion , it 's more important than "  Oh , 6 o'clock , I have to leave . " Do something that is out of the box . E-mail to a friend	Designer Vivienne Tam speaks to CNN 's Andrew Stevens in The Boardroom She started in the fashion industry in the '80s , launched own brand in the '90s Said her mother was inspiration when made Hong Kong businesswoman of the year
CNN  Rita McCann still remembers the day when her joy at the prospect of giving birth to her first child turned into sheer terror . It was December 15th , 1957 when she went into labor at a hospital in Dublin , Ireland . As she floated in and out of consciousness , she remembers being taken into a room with a single bed . "  I was pulled to the bottom of the bed . My legs were strapped into stirrups . I was nine months pregnant , flat on my back , " she says . "  I was helpless and I did not know what was going to happen . " " -LSB- Then -RSB- I got a local anesthetic and the torture began . " As a room full of medical students and doctors looked on , McCann says she could feel the pressure of a scalpel cutting into her . From then on , it was "  just agony , literally agony , " she recalls . "  I got a cramp down my left side and I could not move at all to get myself any relief . " McCann , struggling against the searing pain , could n't see what the surgeon was doing to her . She assumed he was performing a Caesarian section , but he was n't . He was slicing into her pelvis to make way for her baby . McCann , now 88 , was undergoing a symphysiotomy -- a procedure seldom used by other industrialized nations by the mid-20th century as Caesarian sections became safer . Symphysiotomy is a surgical procedure whereby the pubic symphysis -- the joint that holds the pelvis together -- is cut in order to widen the birth canal during labor . Roughly 1,500 women in Ireland were subjected to symphysiotomy between the 1940s and 1984 , according to the government . The procedure can cause chronic pain and "  rupturing of the bladder , " which can lead to incontinence , according to Irish physiotherapist Jessica O'Dowd . In cases where the pubic symphysis is completely severed , patients may get "  earlier onset arthritis and joint degeneration , " O'Dowd says . "  The mechanics of your whole lower half of your body are changed because of that joint . " McCann says she never consented to the procedure , which she says has left a permanent gap in her pelvis . The operation amounts to torture , according to survivors who have demanded an official apology from the Irish government and an independent inquiry . "  Above all , women want the truth about these operations . They have been denied the truth for 40 , 50 , 60 years , " says Marie O'Connor , the chairwoman of Survivors of Symphysiotomy  SoS  . A brief filed by the survivors ' group to the U.N. Human Rights Committee recounted some of the mothers ' horrifying experiences under the knife . "  I just remember being brought into a theatre and the place was packed with people . I was n't told what was happening ... I was screaming and being restrained , " recalled Philomena , a pubiotomy patient and SoS member who recalled the birth of her third child in 1959 , at the same hospital where Rita McCann had given birth two years before . "  I could n't see much except for them sawing . It was excruciating pain , " she said . "  I was just 27 and I was butchered . " Cora , another SoS member , says she was just 17 when doctors performed a pubiotomy  a procedure related to symphysiotomy  on her during the birth of her first child in 1972 . "  I was screaming . It 's not working , -LSB- the anesthetic -RSB- I said , I can feel everything ... I seen him go and take out a proper hacksaw , like a wood saw ... a half-circle with a straight blade and a handle , " she said . "  The blood shot up to the ceiling , up onto his glasses , all over the nurses ... Then he goes to the table , and gets something like a solder iron and puts it on me , and stopped the bleeding . ... They told me to push her out . She must have been out before they burnt me . He put the two bones together , there was a burning pain , I knew I was going to die . " Campaigners have accused the doctors , who worked primarily in Catholic hospitals , of putting their religious beliefs before the well-being of patients . "  The surgery was an abuse of power , a pre-emptive surgical strike against the practice of birth control by obstetricians who disliked Caesarean section , on account of its association with what Archbishop -LSB- of Dublin Charles -RSB- McQuaid termed the ` crime of birth-prevention , " O'Connor wrote in 2012 . McQuaid was Archbishop of Dublin until 1972 and died the next year . CNN reached out to Ireland 's Department of Health for comment and was referred to the government-commissioned inquiry from 2013 . That report acknowledged the influence of religion on obstetricians in a Catholic country where birth control was illegal from 1935 to 1980 . It notes that Alexander Spain and Arthur Barry -- the doctors who championed the procedures at Dublin 's National Maternity Hospital in the 1940s and 50s - were "  devout Catholics , serving a predominantly Catholic patient population , and they made no secret of their willing conformity to religious precepts in the treatment of patients . " But the report also acknowledged the legal limits on medical practitioners at the time . "  Whatever their personal inclinations or beliefs , doctors practising in Ireland were confined by key legislative limits in relation to family planning and advice , " the report noted . The U.N. Human Rights Committee last summer asked Ireland to conduct a "  prompt , independent and thorough " inquiry into symphiosotomy . In July , as a result of the government-commissioned inquiry , Ireland launched an "  ex-gratia " scheme -- one that allowed for payment without admission of liability -- to compensate victims with payments ranging from 50,000 to 150,000 euros , depending on the severity of the case . But Marie O'Connor says the government 's offer does n't do nearly enough for women who were physically and emotionally crippled by the procedures at state hospitals for decades . "  That is a sum of money that anybody would get here if they broke a leg at work , " she says . "  It seems to us that what the state is trying to do is buy off survivors at the lowest possible cost , " she says . "  The payment scheme is an ex-gratia scheme , which does not meet international human rights standards because it is based on no admission of wrongdoing . " She says some women are pursuing legal action . Rita McCann , one of the roughly 300 victims who is still alive , is not among those looking to the courts . And although she did n't find out about what had happened to her for decades , she says she has felt the effects of her symphysiotomy since the day it happened . When McCann left the hospital , she says she could barely walk for the first six months , and she had to move back home to Monaghan in north Ireland so her parents could help raise the baby . "  To walk or to lift the baby , my back would just go into a spasm , and my legs would n't work , " she says . "  Basically you were crawling around holding on ... and that lasted for a long , long time . " As bad as the pain was , McCann claims that she was n't told about the procedure , and says that "  secrecy " hurt even worse . "  He was obviously sawing me in half , " she says . "  Why they could n't come and tell me ? " "  It left me feeling guilt and it left me wondering on what effect it would have on my baby later in life . It was having a very bad effect on me so it was bound to have some effect on the baby . " "  It never dawned on me that there was an alternative , " she says . "  But I think I would have taken the Caesarian . " Before McCann lost consciousness on that terrifying night at the hospital more than 57 years ago , she recalled the surgeon telling a student , "  When she has a fine baby boy or girl in the morning , she will forget all about it . " But she says she ca n't erase the devastating impact of her symphysiotomy . "  It has been a lifetime , " she says . "  It 's been a life sentence . "	1,500 women in Ireland were subjected to symphysiotomy operations from the 1940s to 80s Victims say the procedure , administered during childbirth , left them with broken pelvises and lifelong injuries Some women were never consulted or told about the procedure ; campaigners want an official apology
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- From the custom-made , hand-beaded white dress to silver-studded high-heeled shoes , diamond jewelry and tiara , Jenny Ferro is preparing for a day she 's dreamed about since she was 3 years old . Marlene Ferro , left , who emigrated from Cuba , says Jenny 's quinceanera was a gift to both of them . "  I 'm really excited , " says Jenny , eagerly nodding her head . "  Really , really , a lot ! " She is n't getting married . The 15-year-old is preparing for her quinceañera , a coming-of-age ritual in Latin culture , marking a young girl 's entrance into womanhood . The centuries-old tradition began as a ceremony to introduce girls to society on their 15th birthday and signified that they were ready for marriage . Today , many quinceañeras have become much more elaborate . Jenny and her mother , Marlene Ferro , have worked out every detail of the party well in advance , from the rehearsal to the reception to the flower girl and the music . The theme of the party is bedazzled . First , there is the dress , which Marlene had designed specially for her daughter . It cost about $ 800 . Then there are the shoes , high-heeled and silver to match the dress . During the party , the high heels will be ceremoniously slipped onto her feet to replace her flat shoes -- a symbolic transition of her journey from childhood to womanhood . Soledad O'Brien takes a look at Jenny 's dress , shoes and photos " "  It makes her look like a princess , " gushes Marlene Ferro . Quinceañeras are becoming increasingly popular in the United States . One reason for their popularity is a greater acceptance of Latin culture in America , according to Michele Salcedo , author of "  Quinceañera ! " a comprehensive guide to the celebration . "  The 15th birthday , culturally , is a milestone . It does n't have to be celebrated with a party at all , but it is generally marked by something quite special , " Salcedo says . Experts believe the quinceañera is rooted in Mayan , Aztec and European traditions . Today , many coming-of-age ceremonies resemble lavish "  Sweet 16 " celebrations . Beyond the elaborate apparel , food and festivities , modern quinceañeras often feature a court of 15 people , typically consisting of family and friends . As the event continues to grow in popularity , the makeup of the court has also changed . "  It has gone beyond Latinos , so that a lot of Latino girls will have not only family members in court but they will reach out to non-Latino friends , " says Salcedo . "  So it 's a way of reaching out and extending social ties and bringing people in who might not otherwise have an opportunity to know a Latino family and to know the culture . " Family plays the largest role in the quinceañera , leading up to and during the party . Mothers , fathers , grandparents and godparents can spend years preparing a night to remember for the young girl . The tradition is just as important to the family as it is to the young woman . The large , extravagant celebrations often symbolize a family 's hard work and success . How has America changed Latinos ? Marlene Ferro , who emigrated from Cuba as a child with her parents , says Jenny 's quinceañera was a gift to both of them . The 43-year-old , single mother of three , saved for years and estimates that she spent at least $ 20,000 on her daughter 's quinceañera . "  I was able to accomplish something that I had been looking forward to for 15 years , " says Marlene Ferro . The parties can be as big and expensive as a family can imagine and costs can escalate into the hundreds of thousands of dollars , according to Salcedo . She recommends that families manage expectations before the party planning even begins . iReporter Alexis Fernandez 's quinceañera was a big event in Alaska "  Sometimes people go way overboard and -LSB- spend -RSB- much more on the celebration than they can afford and that 's the downside of the quinceañera , " says Salcedo . "  Because when it 's done right it can be a beautiful family celebration and a celebration of a milestone that a young girl goes through . " Quinceañeras have changed over the years . Even though her tiara was taller than her daughter 's , Marlene says her quinceañera was simple . It was a small gathering at her sister 's apartment with family and friends . She wore borrowed jewelry from a family member , had a homemade cake and danced with her father . Marlene Ferro 's 15th birthday present was a telephone in her bedroom . "  I did n't have a big quince party . I chose to have a small party with my friends , " she remembers . "  My dress was really easy ... I did n't have an option . It was this one or that one . Now , we give our kids the option . " iReporter Diamond Ramirez 's mother , grandmother never had quinceañeras There 's a spiritual element to these celebrations as well , says Salcedo . The church plays a role in helping to prepare teenage girls for this transition to womanhood . Ceremonies and classes before the coming-of-age celebration teach the young women that with adulthood come certain responsibilities , both physical and spiritual . "  When it 's done in the spirit that it probably should be , the girl has certain responsibilities and by the end of the process , she 's met them and she has showed her mother that she can , in fact , be responsible and she does acquire ... a bit more maturity then she -LSB- had -RSB- before , " says Salcedo . As the celebrations become more popular in the United States , they also offer an opportunity for more Americans to participate . "  It 's a way to push back a lot of the negativity that a lot of Latinos feel is directed at Latinos , " says Salcedo . "  It is a way for people who have recently arrived , or maybe not so recently arrived , to say ' I have done well here ' ... I 'm throwing this party for my daughter and I 'm inviting all of you to partake of my generosity so that you can see exactly how well we 've done . "	Quinceañeras , or 15th birthday celebrations , mark a girl 's transition to womanhood Jenny Ferro , 15 , has been preparing for her celebration since she was 3 years old Marlene Ferro estimates she spent $ 20,000 on her daughter 's quinceañera Expert : The elaborate parties are a way for Latinos to say ' I have done well here '
New York  CNN  -- A pamphlet designed to help heroin users with advice has come under fire , with some now questioning whether the public health brochure can actually be used as a how-to guide on drug use . While concerns over the 16-page pamphlet have arisen in recent days , the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene created its "  Take Charge , Take Care : 10 Tips for Safer Use " brochure in 2007 . Its purpose , according to a statement from the department , is "  to help people who are injecting drugs reduce the harm associated with this type of drug use until they are able to get into treatment and recover . " According to the Health Department , "  accidental overdose is the fourth leading cause of early adult death in New York City , claiming more than 600 lives each year . " The agency says about 70,000 pamphlets have been produced at a cost to city taxpayers of slightly more than $ 32,000 . "  The pamphlet provides potentially life saving advice " reads a health department statement . But critics such as New York City Councilman Peter F. Vallone Jr. , chairman of the council 's Public Safety Committee , believes the pamphlet is "  an indefensible waste of taxpayer money " and is effectively spreading a lie that there is a safe way to inject drugs . "  Heroin use is at epidemic levels in New York , and we should be spending money to address that , not teach first-timers how to use , " says Vallone . Information in the publication takes the form of "  ten critical tips for reducing the harm that illicit drug use , and especially injection drug use can cause . " Tip topics include "  how to prevent overdose , " "  prepare drugs carefully , " "  take care of your veins " and "  ask for help to stop using . " Within each of the 10 broad tips , the brochure presents several "  simple but valuable " related ideas for users about how to lessen potential problems when injecting drugs . One suggestion reads , "  Use with someone else . If you 're alone and something goes wrong , no one can help . " Another says , "  Use a new syringe , cooker , cotton , tie , and other supplies every time . " Plus , "  Warm your body  jump up and down  to show your veins . " Along with , "  Find the vein before you try to inject . " There is also information regarding HIV and hepatitis-C testing , depression and contact information for emergencies and for finding help to quit . New York City Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg addressed the pamphlet controversy on Monday , explaining how "  the health department does have an interest in -- if you 're going to do certain things -- to get you to do it as healthily as you possibly can . " Don Des Jarlais , research director for the Chemical Dependency Institute , said the principle behind the pamphlet has always been to emphasize treatment and to reduce the spread of disease like HIV/AIDS . However , if people still engage in risky behavior , the "  Take Charge , Take Care " information is meant to mitigate risks associated with intravenous drug use and present guidance for people to partake in the safest manner possible . But Vallone believes the pamphlet goes "  well beyond clean needles " advice , providing anyone who wants to experiment with information about how to prepare drugs and find veins -- information that an already-using addict would find useless . New York state 's top Drug Enforcement Administration official , John P. Gilbride , echoes Vallone , saying the pamphlet is essentially a "  how-to guide " for drug use . Gilbride expressed his concern that the pamphlet could send a message that leads individuals to believe they can use heroin in some safe manner . "  Using heroin can never be safe . It 's akin to playing Russian roulette with a loaded gun " Gilbride told CNN . Indeed , "  there is no safe way to inject " agreed Des Jarlais , in response to criticism that the pamphlet presents heroin use as harmless . "  I think the word ` safely ' is wrong , " he said , but if people do inject drugs , he hopes large information campaigns can help lessen risks . "  Using hard drugs is just not a smart thing to do , " Bloomberg said Monday . "  But we have an obligation no matter what the people do in this city to make sure they do it as safe as they can . " Vallone , meanwhile rhetorically asks , "  What 's next , a kids ' guide for playing safely in traffic ? " Vallone said he sent a letter to the city 's health commissioner Monday to immediately cease circulation and funding for the pamphlet , and he plans to "  hold his feet to the fire during upcoming budget meetings " unless the health department admits its mistake . The pamphlet is just one component of a larger municipal effort , explained Des Jarlais . Along with the informational brochure , there are also face-to-face community outreach initiatives , expansion of drug abuse treatment facilities and 47 state-authorized syringe exchange program throughout New York City 's five boroughs . Des Jarlais points to an 80 percent reduction of HIV reported among new drug users in New York City as proof that programs such as needle exchanges are working . The health department reports that overdose deaths have declined by 25 percent from 2006 to 2008 , representing at least 200 fewer deaths . "  I do n't think there is a healthy way -LSB- to use heroin -LSB- , but there may be less dangerous ways to do certain things , " Bloomberg said . CNN 's Cassie Spodak contributed to this report .	16-page pamphlet under fire for being a "  how-to " guide for drug use New York City Health Department published brochure in 2007 Councilman : Money should be spent to curb use , "  not teach first-timers how to use " Bloomberg says drug use is n't smart , but city has duty to help make things as safe as possible
AMSTERDAM , Netherlands  CNN  -- Investigators are trying to determine what caused the crash of an airplane with a good safety record , flown by a well-respected airline , at one of the world 's most modern airports . One of the casualties is taken from the crash site . At least nine people were killed and 55 injured when the Turkish Airlines Boeing 737-800 crashed Wednesday in a field near Amsterdam 's main airport , splitting into three parts , officials said . It is too early to determine the cause of the crash but the flight data and voice recorders have been recovered , said Michel Bezuijen , acting mayor of Haarlemmermeer municipality , which is home to Amsterdam 's Schiphol Airport . He said investigators still need to determine what , if anything , the pilots said in the moments before the crash . The injured included both crew and passengers , he said . The names of the dead and injured will not be released before Thursday , Bezuijen said . "  It will take more time . Probably tomorrow afternoon we can tell you about the identity of the victims , including the fatalities , " he said . Another official said earlier that both pilots and an apprentice pilot are among the dead . "  There are still three crew members in the cabin , " said Bob Steensma of the Dutch Justice Department . "  I 'm sorry to say they are dead . We leave them there because we have to investigate the cockpit before we take the cockpit apart . " Turkish Airlines said earlier the plane was carrying 134 people -- 127 passengers and seven crew members . Six people were critically injured , Ineke Van Der Zande of Amsterdam Emergency Services told reporters at a briefing . Watch aerials from the crash site " Twenty-five passengers were severely injured , she said , and 24 were lightly injured . Some 60 ambulances transported 84 people to 11 hospitals throughout the region , she said . There was no word on injuries to the others who were transported . Witnesses said they saw the nose of the plane pitch up suddenly before the crash , according to RTL journalist Greg Crouch . The plane broken into three pieces . One break was in front of the wing , splitting the "  Turkish " logo in two , and a larger break was farther back along the fuselage . Most of the injured were seated toward the back of the plane , which sustained the most damage , a passenger on the plane told Turkish station NTV . Many of the passengers simply walked off the plane through the cracks in the fuselage , witnesses said . A passenger on the plane who spoke to Turkish network DHA said he saw injured people trapped and squeezed between the seats when he walked out . iReport : Send your videos , stories Flight 1951 was arriving at Schiphol from Istanbul , Turkey , when it went down around 10:40 a.m.  4:40 a.m. ET  . It came to rest in a farmer 's field about 500 yards short of the runway , near the major A9 highway . Crouch said the weather at the time was partly sunny with no wind or rain . No fire broke out after the crash , Bezuijen said . Watch how Twitter was first to report the crash " A bank manager who was a passenger on the plane told NTV that there were no emergency announcements . The crew 's last word to the cabin was an announcement to fasten their seat belts and prepare for landing , the bank manager said . He said he felt the pilot giving more power to the engines before feeling "  turbulence , " then a sudden drop . He described the crash as similar to a sudden impact that was over in a matter of seconds . The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board said it was sending a team of investigators to Amsterdam to assist in the crash investigation . The Boeing 737-800 is a reliable aircraft that has been successful and safe in service , said aviation expert Kieran Daly of Air Transport Intelligence . "  They really are pretty much state-of-the-art airlines with every imaginable technical benefit the industry has come up with over the years , " Daly told CNN . "  You would be optimistic that they would be quite survivable in an accident . " Daly said Turkish Airlines , a national carrier , has a "  very good record . " Turkish Airlines said it has 52 Boeing 737-800s in its fleet . They can carry as many as 165 passengers each , it said . Before Wednesday , the airline 's last accident was of a small commuter jet in 2003 , Daly said . It was a fatal crash that happened at a remote airfield in southeastern Turkey , he said . "  Their mainline operation is safe , " Daly said . "  Their pilots are well thought of . " Worldwide , there have been two fatal commercial airline crashes this year . The last previous fatal incident at the Amsterdam airport happened in April 1994 when a KLM aircraft crashed as it tried to return to Schiphol shortly after takeoff . Three of the 24 passengers and crew members on board were killed . CNN 's Ivan Watson in Istanbul , Turkey , contributed to this report	Mayor says too early to determine cause of Wednesday 's plane crash Investigators find data and voice recorders from Turkish Airlines Boeing 737 At least nine of the 134 people on board died ; 55 wounded ; six critical Accident involved respected airline and modern airport in good weather
Washington  CNN  -- More U.S. soldiers killed themselves last month than in recent Army history , according to Army statistics released Thursday , confounding officials trying to reverse the grim trend . The statistics show that 32 soldiers killed themselves in June , the highest number in a single month since the Vietnam era . Twenty-one of them were on active duty , while 11 were in the National Guard or Army Reserve in an inactive status . Seven of those soldiers killed themselves while serving in Iraq and Afghanistan , according to the Army numbers . The spike comes after the monthly suicide numbers had dropped following a January high of 28 , and Army officials admit they still have n't answered the question of why troops are committing suicide at a record rate . "  There were no trends to any one unit , camp , post or station , " said Col. Chris Philbrick , head of the Army 's suicide prevention task force . "  I have no silver bullet to answer the question why . " He said he could offer only what he has said before : "  Continued stress on the force and the opportunities we have been facing in terms of the challenges in the Army continue to cause these events to take place . " Including the June numbers , 145 soldiers have killed themselves this year , more than half of the total number for all of 2009 , according to Army statistics . In 2009 , a record-breaking year for suicides in the service , 245 soldiers killed themselves . In another attempt to put a halt to the trend , the Army released a suicide prevention video , a follow-up to one released last year . The updated video is designed to "  hit home " with soldiers and instill the importance of getting help , Philbrick said . The video , titled "  Shoulder to Shoulder : I Will Never Quit , " begins with the compelling story of a soldier whose wife said she was divorcing him . The soldier , Spc. Joseph Sanders , says his wife was his whole world . "  I grabbed my rifle , put it under my chin and pulled the trigger , " Sanders says . The gun did not fire , he says , and when he took the rifle apart he discovered that a key part was missing . His Army buddy then tells viewers he removed the part because Sanders was showing signs that he could kill himself . Asked why the Army thinks this video will be more effective than the first one , Philbrick said the soldiers will relate to it better . Watch the video on the Army 's Suicide Prevention website The first video , made up of a mix of actors and real soldiers , "  sucked , " he said . It was rushed out , and troops did not believe in it . He said some even openly laughed at it . "  This video has all real soldiers with real stories , " Philbrick said . The video is part of a series of efforts to cut the suicide rate . Last year , the Army required all soldiers around the world to stop working and spend a day watching the first video and receiving suicide prevention training . Philbrick said the alarming June numbers will not bring another Army-wide training day , called a stand-down . He said the new video will be incorporated immediately into the standard suicide prevention training for new troops and the yearly training all soldiers go through .	The 32 Army suicides in June marked the highest number since the Vietnam era Monthly numbers had been dropping from 28 in January The Army has created a more compelling suicide-prevention video The video "  has all real soldiers with real stories , " officer says
CNN  -- Tiffany Sessions is presumed dead , and she 's been missing for more years than she lived , but her family and Florida authorities continue to hold out hope that they 'll find the killer . On Thursday , Alachua County Sheriff Sadie Darnell announced that authorities believe the "  long journey " may be nearing its end , as it 's "  highly , highly probable " that Paul Eugene Rowles , a convicted sexual predator who died in prison last year , is the prime suspect in the quarter-century-old case . In February 1989 , the blond-haired , brown-eyed Sessions , a junior at the University of Florida , donned red sweatpants and a white Aspen sweatshirt , put on her Walkman and went for her routine hourlong jog down Gainesville 's main street toward a dirt trail that cut through the woods . Normally , her roommate would accompany her , but on that day , she had to study and Sessions jogged alone . The 20-year-old economics major never came back , and aside from witnesses who saw a woman resembling Sessions walking before dusk , Sessions left no trace -- no clothing , no Walkman , not even her gold Rolex watch . Rowles lived in the area at the time , and Darnell described him as a man with a "  horrible history of violent crimes against women -- murder , rape , kidnapping . " While there wo n't likely be a DNA connection , authorities feel circumstantial evidence is overwhelming , she said . Rowles was serving a life sentence for first-degree murder when he died last year . Speaking before the backdrop of a wooded area in Gainesville where murder victim Elizabeth Foster 's body was found in 1992 , Darnell told reporters a dig was conducted a week and a half ago because the area was a known "  dump site " for Rowles ' victims . In 2012 , DNA tied Rowles to Foster 's disappearance . Police unsuccessfully tried to interview Rowles before he died , but after his death , they gathered items from his cell , including a journal entry on a calendar that read "  2/9/89 " -- the date Sessions disappeared -- with "  No. 2 " scrawled on both sides of the notation . Police believe it 's an indication that Sessions was Rowles ' second victim . "  It may not be a smoking gun , but it 's close , " said the missing woman 's father , Patrick Sessions . According to police and the family , other factors connect Rowles to Sessions ' disappearance . He delivered scaffolding to a construction project along Sessions ' jogging path and did n't work the night of her disappearance , for example . Arrest in 40-year-old murder case "  He was in this community . He murdered in this community , " Darnell said . Darnell asked the media to distribute photos of Rowles at different points in his life , study the timeline of his life and crimes and "  go back in time 25 years . " She also encouraged anyone with information about Rowles -- no matter how trivial it may seem -- to call 352-384-3323 . Authorities are offering $ 1,000 for any information leading to an arrest . "  We want to have this last piece of conclusive connection so the family can at least have some peace , " the sheriff said . "  There 's no risk . He 's dead . Thank goodness he 's dead . " The missing woman 's mother , Hilary Sessions , appeared at the press conference with the sheriff , at times smiling and optimistic , at other times teary . She thanked numerous people for their help over the years and conceded that police were "  searching for a very small needle in a very big haystack . " Still , she clearly had hope . "  She 's my masterpiece , " Hilary Sessions said . "  It would be nice to be able to put her to rest after all these years . " Patrick Sessions -- who , like some of the law enforcement officers on the scene , wore a baseball cap saying , "  The search for Tiffany Sessions " -- encouraged anyone with the even "  the vaguest information that we can use " to come forward and let authorities assess whether the information is useful . "  This is for real . This is our chance to close this case , " he said . Taken : The coldest case ever solved Senior couple charged in decades old cold cases Oklahoma deputies pull bodies from lake , may date to '60s , 1970 disappearances Police : Evidence in killing of former beauty queen points to ex-priest CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Sheriff says it 's "  highly , highly probable " that deceased convict Paul Rowles is prime suspect Tiffany Sessions , 20 , disappeared in 1989 after going for a jog in Gainesville , Florida Rowles had a calendar entry saying "  No. 2 " beside Sessions ' date of disappearance Police ask anyone with knowledge of Rowles ' life to call 352-384-3323
CNN  -- Doctors for several people in New York suffering from a mystery disorder that led them to develop tic-like symptoms say their patients are starting to feel better . Out of more than a dozen who developed uncontrollable twitching and verbal tics , three say they feel completely better and six say they are significantly better , according to Dr. Laszlo Mechtler , medical director at DENT Neurologic Institute in western New York . "  The media focus , the questions on whether it is environmental or toxins , all that adds confusion , anxiety and difficulty , " said Mechtler , who has treated some of his patients with psychotherapy and behavioral therapy , as well as prescribed medication for anti-anxiety , depression and headaches . A second doctor from New Jersey , Dr. Rosario Trifiletti , diagnosed some of the patients with PANDAS -- Pediatric Autoimmune Neuropsychiatric Disorders Associated with Streptococcal Infections -- and has been treating them with antibiotics . Lana Clarks , mother of one of Trifiletti 's patients , told HLN 's "  Dr. Drew " that her daughter , Lauren Scalzo , has fewer "  headaches , stomachaches , no tic-ing and she 's been more energetic . " Marge Fitzsimmons , 36 , who is among those who came down with the mysterious symptoms , says she is still experiencing some symptoms but feels much better and is soon expected to return to work full time . The incidents occurred in the small town of LeRoy beginning in mid-October . All of the patients -- with the exception of Fitzsimmons -- are students at LeRoy Junior-Senior High School . Doctors have diagnosed most of them with conversion disorder , saying that stress is the likely root of their physical problems . "  What happens is there is traditionally some kind of stress or multiple stressors that provoke a physical reaction within the body , " said Dr. Jennifer McVige , a neurologist who has evaluated several of the teens . "  This is unconscious , it is not done purposefully and it 's almost like ... the stress wells up in your body has to come out in some way shape or form . " The medical mystery in LeRoy has attracted the attention of activist and investigator Erin Brockovich , who came to the village of 8,000 people in western New York after learning about a 41-year-old toxic spill a few miles from the school . Brockovich and an associate suspect that the illnesses are related to the cyanide and trichloroethylene  TCE  that was spilled during a December 1970 train wreck . CNN 's Sheila Steffen contributed to this report .	Some of the high school girls are feeling better Some students on antibiotics also improving The incidents occurred in the small New York town of LeRoy
CNN  -- The Nuclear Regulatory Commission on Friday ordered U.S. nuclear power plants to begin implementing safety recommendations made in an effort to prevent a crisis from occurring as it did in Japan after last year 's devastating earthquake and tsunami . Among the recommendations , plants must install improvements to protect safety equipment and devices to monitor water levels in spent fuel pools . A third order applies only to plants with boiling-water reactors that have so-called Mark I or Mark II containment structures . Mark I containment housing is the same design that was used at Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , where three reactors melted down after the station was struck by the tsunami that followed Japan 's historic earthquake in March 2011 . The disaster resulted in the widespread release of radioactive contamination that forced more than 100,000 people from their homes . The disaster occurred when a 15-meter  49-foot  tsunami inundated the coastal plant , knocking out the cooling systems for the three operating reactors and their associated spent fuel pools , causing the reactors to overheat and hydrogen gas explosions that blew apart the building housing reactors No. 1 and 3 . Another hydrogen blast is believed to have damaged the inside of the No. 2 reactor , while engineers were struggling to manage an estimated 100,000 tons of highly contaminated water that was used to cool the reactors during the emergency . "  These reactors must improve venting systems that help prevent or mitigate core damage in the event of a serious accident , " the NRC said in a news release announcing the orders for U.S. plants . In addition to the changes in safety procedures , the NRC is also seeking information from every operating U.S. nuclear power plant regarding risks caused by earthquakes and flooding and the plants ' emergency procedures in the event of prolonged power loss . The plants have until the end of 2016 to fully comply with the safety orders , according to the NRC .	Plants have until 2016 to comply with orders The recommendations were made after last year 's disaster in Japan One order involves plants with structures similar to that of Fukushima Daiichi
CNN  -- This weekend 's kick-off at the 28th Africa Cup of Nations launches a three-week explosion of color and noise in the soccer-crazy continent . The tournament is set to transfix the region as 16 teams go head-to-head to be crowned footballing kings of Africa , but there is also a tinge of trepidation in the air . That 's because the 2010 installment in Angola was overshadowed by a machine gun attack on the Togo team bus that left three people dead and organizers -- the Confederation of African Football  CAF  -- having to defend the decision to stage it there . This year 's co-hosts Equatorial Guinea and Gabon are the smallest nations ever to hold the event -- which is also known as AFCON -- giving rise to concerns about security , as well as travel and tourism infrastructure . CNN examines the complex nature of the event , investigating the issues on and off the field . The hosts Oil-rich Equatorial Guinea and Gabon are the smallest countries ever to ever host the Africa Cup of Nations , with a combined population of just over two million . The fact they were chosen underlines the Confederation of African Football  CAF  policy to use the tournament as an investment tool , hoping to drive tourism and business long after the soccer extravaganza has gone . "  It is only the second time that Central Africa has the honor to host the most prestigious competition on the continent . The first time was 40 years ago in my country , Cameroon , " CAF spokesman Habuba Suleiman told CNN . "  It has become something unique allowing us to complete our major language areas ; Arabic , Anglophone , Francophone , Lusophone and today Hispanic with Equatorial Guinea . "  Each of the co-hosts could perhaps not afford to host a competition of 16 teams alone . We had a first experience in 2000  hosted by Ghana and Nigeria  and it was not entirely satisfactory . This time the two countries have cooperated very well as evidenced by the decision to grant common visas to both countries . This is a great step forward . " But there is pressure on them to deliver a successful and safe Cup of Nations after 2010 's pre-tournament tragedy in Angola -- which had only recently emerged from a civil war lasting three decades . According to African football expert Mark Gleeson , who has been to every tournament since 1992 , CAF 's decision to take the tournament to new territories has had mixed success . "  When you award AFCON to places like Burkina Faso , Mali , Angola or Gabon , you find that coffers for sporting infrastructure that would be normally be difficult to open suddenly emerge and you 're leaving a legacy of football infrastructure , " he told CNN . "  CAF have actively pursued that line over the last two decades , sometimes to the detriment of the tournament -- in Gabon there is n't a hotel room for neither love nor money . "  Luckily in Africa there are not too many traveling fans so that 's not much of a problem , but infrastructure is poor : how do you get from one venue to the next ? "  There is n't the immense pressure on traveling fans as there would be in Europe . What would you rather have -- a stadium that allows a nation to participate competitively in football versus disgruntled visitors that ca n't find a hotel room for two weeks ? " The culture of chaos The deadly attack on Togo 's team led to questions about the tournament 's organization and security , but according to Gleeson , the Africa Cup of Nations ca n't be judged by similar standards to the World Cup or the European Championships . "  The tournament has a unique , chaotic charm , maybe that has an appeal , " he said . "  My experience is that nothing is ever ready -- it is all a patch-up job . "  But if the football kicks off at the appointed time , the TV cameras are in place and the whistle is blown , it does n't matter whether the accreditation machine broke down five hours before . "  I think there 's far too much emphasis on all the other sideshows that there needs to be . It 's important to have the competition taking place , to have a good intensity that African football followers will enjoy . " Suleiman said security arrangements are the responsibility of the host nations , not the ruling body . "  We do n't have an army to check security . We are a group of peaceful people who are convinced that football has to be a factor of unity , friendship and fraternity , " he told CNN . "  We were all ruffled by what happened in Angola . It was a tragedy that touched us profoundly . I hope that never repeats itself . The opportunity There may be huge pressure on the co-hosts , but the pride they feel at staging the African soccer showcase is palpable . Gabon spent an estimated $ 500 million on stadiums and infrastructure despite them being tiny in comparison to hosts of other major tournaments , like China , who spent an estimated $ 42 billion on the 2008 Olympics . Hugues Dowe , from Gabon 's local organizing committee , told CNN that hosting of the Cup of Nations is "  something exceptional . " "  Finally hosting the tournament means so many opportunities for Gabon and its people , " he said . "  When you host the Cup of Nations you ca n't expect benefits immediately . But we have built big infrastructure in terms of hosting the tournament like roads , stadiums and hotels . "  These big investments are very important for development of our country , particularly in sports and tourism sectors . " "  The security in Gabon will be the best organized of any country which hosted the tournament before us . Dowe also insisted there would be enough hotel rooms to accommodate the 80,000 expected visitors , as well as the many journalists descending on the competition , while the four stadiums that are hosting matches across the two countries are open and ready for kick-off . "  I have never heard of problems without solutions , " Suleiman said . "  In Africa , small problems always end up being arranged . "  CAF belongs to each of the 53 national associations . They all have the right to bid to host without any exception . With each new edition of the competition , the AFCON has become a factor of economic development in terms of structures and infrastructures . "  We would not have had all these beautiful stadiums in Africa without the AFCON . Roads have been constructed , medical facilities built , zones electrified and development of new technologies accelerated . It is something CAF can legitimately be proud of . " The tournament AFCON is the planet 's third biggest football tournament , behind the World Cup and the European Championships . The biennial competition is contested by 16 teams split into four groups . Each country will host matches in two cities . Saturday 's opening Group A matches will be in Equatorial Guinea 's former capital Bata , while other games will be held in Malabo -- its 1969 successor . In Gabon a new 40,000-seater stadium has been built in the capital Libreville , with help from the Chinese government , and will host the final . In Franceville , the Stade de Franceville has been refurbished to hold 35,000 spectators . The top two teams from each group go through to the quarterfinal stage . The final will be held in Gabon 's capital , Libreville , on February 12 . The teams The qualified nations are : Group A -- Equatorial Guinea , Libya , Zambia , Senegal ; Group B -- Ivory Coast , Sudan , Burkina Faso , Angola ; Group C -- Gabon , Niger , Morocco , Tunisia ; Group D -- Ghana , Botswana , Mali , Guinea . There is a notable list of absentees . Egypt , who won the last three titles , failed to qualify along with African heavyweights Cameroon , South Africa and Nigeria . The rise of African football in recent years means some of the world 's biggest soccer stars will be on show , such as the Ivory Coast 's Chelsea striker Didier Drogba and Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure , as well as Mali 's Seydou Keita , who plays for European and Spanish champions Barcelona .	Africa Cup of Nations to be hosted by Gabon and Equatorial Guinea It is the first time either country has hosted continent 's showpiece event The duo are the smallest countries ever to host , leading to security fears The last tournament in Angola was overshadowed by a shooting on Togo squad
CNN  -- England 's Danny Willett recorded his maiden European Tour victory after a marathon sudden death playoff against Marcus Fraser of Australia at the BMW International Open in Cologne Sunday . The 24-year-old Willett won at the fourth extra hole , taking advantage after Fraser missed a three foot putt for par . Former Walker Cup star Willett , in his fourth year on the Tour , had 19 top-10 finishes in his professional career without clinching victory going into the tournament . "  It 's amazing , " he told the official European Tour website . "  It was a tough day -- it was brutal with the wind whipping and it was raining . "  Marcus had a great round today and I hung in there nicely . Hopefully I gave people a good show . " Willett was as good as his word , but it needed a miraculous shot on the 18th to seal a playoff with Fraser , a two-time winner on the European Tour . Fraser had set a clubhouse target of 11 under after a bogey of his own on the last . Willett needed a par to match him and after his drive ended behind a tree it looked unlikely . But he produced a sensational hooked iron shot to reach the green and two putts later forced extra holes . Willett missed a five-footer for victory on the first sudden death hole , but eventually was left to celebrate a breakthrough triumph . Tied for third , one shot adrift were Ireland 's Paul McGinley , Spaniard Gonzalo Fernandez-Castano and England 's Chris Wood . On the PGA Tour , England 's Brian Davis and Roland Thatcher were leading the $ 6 million Travelers Championship going into Sunday 's final round . Davis shot a six-under 64 to reach 12-under 198 after 54 holes , while Thatcher carded a 65 . There was an emotional win on the Ladies European Tour as England 's Melissa Reid won the Prague Masters Sunday , just a month after her mother Joy was killed in a car crash in Germany . Reid rolled home a six-footer on the final hole to hold off Italian Diana Luna , before breaking into tears and being comforted by fellow competitors and friends . "  To be honest I was n't that nervous . I think with something like what 's happened to my family and me the last four weeks nothing really seems that difficult anymore , " Reid told AFP .	Danny Willett wins BMW International Open in Cologne after sudden death playoff Maiden European Tour victory for 24-year-old Englishman Brian Davis and Roland Thatcher hold lead after three rounds of Travelers Championship Melissa Reid scores emotional win in Prague Masters on Ladies European Tour
CNN  -- A pro-privacy e-mail service long used by NSA leaker Edward Snowden abruptly shut down Thursday , blaming a secret U.S. court battle it has been fighting for six weeks -- one that it seems to be losing so far . "  I have been forced to make a difficult decision : to become complicit in crimes against the American people or walk away from nearly 10 years of hard work by shutting down Lavabit , " owner Ladar Levison wrote in a statement . "  After significant soul searching , I have decided to suspend operations . " Based in Texas , Lavabit attracted attention last month when NSA leaker Edward Snowden used an e-mail account with the service to invite human rights workers and lawyers to a press conference in the Moscow airport where he was then confined . A PGP crypto key apparently registered by Snowden with a Lavabit address suggests he 's favored the service since January 2010 -- well before he became the most important whistleblower in a generation . Levison posted this message Thursday announcing the shutdown : My Fellow Users , I have been forced to make a difficult decision : to become complicit in crimes against the American people or walk away from nearly ten years of hard work by shutting down Lavabit . After significant soul searching , I have decided to suspend operations . I wish that I could legally share with you the events that led to my decision . I can not . I feel you deserve to know what 's going on -- the first amendment is supposed to guarantee me the freedom to speak out in situations like this . Unfortunately , Congress has passed laws that say otherwise . As things currently stand , I can not share my experiences over the last six weeks , even though I have twice made the appropriate requests . What 's going to happen now ? We 've already started preparing the paperwork needed to continue to fight for the Constitution in the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals . A favorable decision would allow me resurrect Lavabit as an American company . This experience has taught me one very important lesson : without congressional action or a strong judicial precedent , I would _ strongly _ recommend against anyone trusting their private data to a company with physical ties to the United States . Sincerely , Ladar Levison Owner and Operator , Lavabit LLC Defending the constitution is expensive ! Help us by donating to the Lavabit Legal Defense Fund here . Reading between the lines , it 's reasonable to assume Levison has been fighting either a National Security Letter seeking customer information -- which comes by default with a gag order -- or a full-blown search or eavesdropping warrant . Court records show that , in June , Lavabit complied with a routine search warrant targeting a child pornography suspect in a federal case in Maryland . That suggests that Levison is n't a privacy absolutist . Whatever compelled him to shut down now must have been exceptional . A voicemail to Lavabit went unreturned Thursday . Lavabit has 350,000 users who are n't Edward Snowden , and some are decidedly unhappy with Levison 's decision , judging by a flood of angry comments posted to Lavabit 's Facebook page Thursday afternoon . "  Too bad that I payed some years in advance to keep up the good work that now turns out to be terminated without any warning , " wrote one user . "  I relied on this service which is basic for my private as professional online communication and have no idea how to migrate mails and recover mails being sent that never reached me in the past 18 hours . " "  I have my Steam account and EVERYTHING on Lavabit , " wrote another . "  Please have the servers running so that we can migrate our services . " "  How am I supposed to migrate ? " a third user added . "  Some services require a confirmation sent to the old email address to be able to switch . I ca n't believe this . I just switched to Lavabit only a couple of weeks ago to get away from Hotmail snooping my shit . " A minority of commenters were more supportive . "  Holy s -- , you guys are crying over your Steam accounts , " wrote one . "  Just change your email to something else . Lavabit either had to roll over for the government , compromising our privacy , or shut down service . Be happy Ladar shut it down instead of rolling over . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	A pro-privacy e-mail service used by NSA leaker Edward Snowden abruptly shut down Thursday Lavabit owner says he refuses to "  become complicit in crimes against the American people " Lavabit may be fighting legal requests from federal authorities investigating Snowden
London  CNN  -- Police are to investigate claims that the British secret services were involved in the rendition of two men to Libya and their alleged ill treatment there , London 's Metropolitan Police said Thursday . The investigation will take place now rather than at the end of a government inquiry into allegations of UK involvement in abuse of detainees , the police said in a joint statement with prosecutors . One of the cases involves Abdul Hakim Belhaj , a former leader of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group who became a senior revolutionary commander , while the second is Libyan citizen Saami Al-Saadi , officials confirmed . "  The allegations raised in the two specific cases concerning the alleged rendition of named individuals to Libya and the alleged ill-treatment of them in Libya are so serious that it is in the public interest for them to be investigated now rather than at the conclusion of the Detainee Inquiry , " the Metropolitan Police said in a joint statement with the director of public prosecutions . John Sawers , chief of the British foreign intelligence agency MI6 , welcomed the decision in a statement Thursday . "  We will of course be cooperating fully with the police on this new investigation , as we have done on the one now concluding , " Sawers said . "  It is in the service 's interest to deal with the allegations being made as swiftly as possible so we can draw a line under them and focus on the crucial work we face now and in the future . " A statement from the Cabinet Office said the government would also cooperate fully . "  The government stands firmly against torture and cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment or punishment , " it said . "  We do not condone it , nor do we ask others to do it on our behalf . The security and intelligence agencies work tirelessly to protect us day in , day out . " The Detainee Inquiry , to be headed by Peter Gibson , was ordered by Prime Minister David Cameron in 2010 but can not start until all related criminal investigations have been concluded , meaning it may be further delayed by Thursday 's decision . The inquiry 's remit is "  to look systematically at the allegations about whether British personnel were in any way involved in the alleged mistreatment of detainees held by other countries , " following the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States , its website says . Last September it confirmed it would look into the claims of British involvement in renditions to Libya . Clive Stafford Smith , director of the legal action charity Reprieve , also welcomed Thursday 's decision by police and prosecutors . Their statement made clear that "  British complicity in the torture of Libyans Sami al Saadi and Abdulhakim Belhaj by the Gaddafi regime is so blatant that a criminal inquiry must go ahead before the government 's deeply flawed Gibson Inquiry can get started , " he said . Al-Saadi , also known as Abu Munthir , is suing the British government and intelligence agencies for their alleged complicity in his rendition from Hong Kong to Tripoli in 2004 and subsequent inhuman detention , torture and abuse by the Libyan authorities , according to a letter from his lawyers placed online by Reprieve . Documents found at Libyan intelligence headquarters in Tripoli by campaign group Human Rights Watch last September highlighted the cooperation between Libya and Western intelligence agencies after Libya ended its weapons of mass destruction program in 2004 . CNN saw an exchange of information between Libyan intelligence and Western intelligence agencies -- such as the CIA , the MI6 in Britain and Canada 's intelligence service -- in documents dating from 2004 and 2005 . They included a March 6 , 2004 , CIA letter to Libyan officials concerning Belhaj . British police and prosecutors also said they would not charge any individuals in relation to allegations of wrongdoing by British officials in two separate investigations , in their statement Thursday . One , known as Operation Hinton , relates to claims that British intelligence officials were involved in the ill-treatment and torture of Binyam Mohamed , an Ethiopian-born British resident and former Guantanamo Bay inmate , while he was detained in Pakistan . The other , Operation Iden , was set up to investigate possible criminal wrongdoing after an individual who was detained by U.S. authorities in Afghanistan was questioned by a member of the Secret intelligence Service , or MI6 . Neither investigation produced evidence that would have led to a criminal conviction of an individual , the police and prosecutors concluded . But , they added , "  Nothing in this decision should be read as concluding that the ill-treatment alleged by Mr Mohamed did not take place or that it was lawful . " Stafford Smith welcomed that statement as "  the first time any official in any country has conceded that Binyam Mohamed was tortured -- and it is clear from this statement that the CPS accepts that Mr Mohamed was tortured and it was a criminal offense . " It was unsurprising that the authorities had not found evidence to prosecute an individual in the case , he said . "  But the main focus of all this should not be the rank and file , but those who were signing off the torture policy at the top , " he added , naming former Prime Minister Tony Blair among them . The police and CPS have also agreed to set up a panel to look into other claims of ill treatment of detainees and determine whether they should be investigated before the Detainee Inquiry concludes , Thursday 's statement said . CNN 's Raja Razek contributed to this report .	NEW : The UK government stands firmly against torture and will cooperate fully , it says Claims made by two Libyan men are so serious they should be investigated now , police say Abdul Hakim Belhaj and Saami Al-Saadi say British officials were involved in their rendition The head of MI6 says the intelligence agency will cooperate fully with the police
Mashable  -- Facebook Photos , one of the social network 's most popular features , is getting a big and potentially controversial upgrade with a new feature that automatically suggests who users should tag in photos based on facial recognition technology . The new feature , Tag Suggestions , will begin rolling out to U.S. users next week , according to Facebook Vice President of Product Chris Cox . He told us that the product utilizes technology that was built in-house , as well as some technology that came from partners . Cox did not disclose the partners Facebook worked with for Tag Suggestions , although we have our suspicions . Tag Suggestions is fairly straightforward . Whenever you 're offered the chance to tag groups of your friends in an album , Facebook will utilize its facial recognition technology to group similar faces together and automatically suggest the friend you should tag them with . Facebook fills in the "  Who is this ? " box with its suggestion -- all you have to do is click the "  Save Tags " button to accept . Cox says that suggestions will only appear when its algorithms have "  high confidence " of who 's being suggested . Unlike Face.com , Facebook does n't reveal its certainty level and would n't reveal what percentage actually correlates to "  high confidence . " The social giant is also preemptively addressing the potential privacy issues that will be brought up from automatic , algorithmic tagging . Users can opt out of Tag Suggestions by going to their privacy settings and disabling the "  Suggest photos of me to friends " feature . This release is part of a bigger effort to upgrade Photos . Earlier this year , Facebook launched a slew of upgrades , including bigger thumbnails , group tagging and drag-and-drop photos . This may be the biggest upgrade for Photos yet , though . Photo tagging is considered a chore by many users , yet it is the company 's most popular product . "  Photos are by far the most engaging content Facebook has ever had , " Cox told us earlier today . By vastly simplifying the tagging process , Facebook expects that its millions of users will tag more photos , which will create millions of new engagement points and social connections , making it that much more addicting . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook photos getting a big and potentially controversial upgrade Tag Suggestions will begin rolling out to U.S. users next week Suggestions will only appear when algorithms have "  high confidence "
CNN  -- The poet Sylvia Plath , who made a name for herself through prose and poetry that conveyed a sense of depression and suicidal tendencies , famously died by asphyxiating herself in an oven in 1963 . There is evidence that depression runs in families , but both genetics and environment influence the condition . The recent reported suicide of her son , marine biologist Nicholas Hughes , brings to light a known psychiatric phenomenon : the heredity of suicidal behavior . A first-degree relative -- a parent , sibling or child -- of a person who has committed suicide is four to six times more likely to attempt or complete a suicide , said Dr. David Brent , psychiatrist at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center . Studies on twins have shown that suicidal behavior is between 30 and 50 percent due to heritable factors , he said . Suicide victims ' biological relatives who were adopted away also show an increased risk of suicide , he said . The rate of suicide in America is 10.9 suicide deaths per 100,000 people , according to the latest information from the National Institute of Mental Health . That means , although the likelihood of suicidal behavior increases in families , a completed suicide is still a rare event , Brent said . "  Genetics is not destiny , " he said . "  The odds are still very much against you having this happening to another relative . " Family history of suicide and family history of mental disorder are two risk factors that the National Institute of Mental Health lists . More than 90 percent of people who die by suicide have depression or another mental disorder , or a substance abuse disorder in combination with another mental problem , according to the National Institute of Mental Health . Learn about the link between depression and creativity Research shows that depression runs in families . A new study in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences shows biological markers for the inherited condition . The researchers found , in a sample of 131 people , that the biological offspring of depressed people had structural differences in their brain . Some of these people had been followed for more than 25 years . Learn more about mood disorders " People at high risk of developing depression had a 28 percent thinning of the right cortex , the brain 's outermost surface , the study found . Those with an extra thinning abnormality in the left cortex were most likely to develop depression or anxiety . The data set shows that this brain surface thinning was present before these people developed mental problems , and was found in both children and grandchildren of depressed people , said Dr. Bradley Peterson , psychiatrist at Columbia University Medical Center and co-author of the study . The new study may point toward more individualized medicine -- one day people may be screened for these brain abnormalities that indicate high depression risk , and receive treatment based on that , he said . Researchers believe the cortical thinning causes depression by interfering with the processing of emotional stimuli , he said . A person with these brain abnormalities may benefit from therapy targeted at responding to social stimuli more appropriately , he said . With both depression and suicide , research suggests that causal factors are a combination of genetics and environment , Peterson said . The best way to prevent suicide is to treat the underlying psychiatric disorder , Brent said . Besides Hughes and Plath , famous examples of two or more close relatives committing suicide include Ernest Hemingway 's family -- Hemingway 's father , brother , sister and granddaughter , in addition to the famous novelist himself , killed themselves . The poet John Berryman jumped off a Minneapolis bridge in 1972 ; his father had committed suicide when the poet was a child . More recently , the playwright Spalding Gray apparently killed himself in 2004 ; his mother had taken her own life many years earlier . Do relatives of people who killed themselves imitate suicide ? This is possible , but hard to prove or disprove , Brent said . In fact , there is more evidence of copycat suicides among people who did not know the victim well , but merely learned about him or her through the news . If you 've actually lost a relative to suicide and go through the bereavement process , you may be more likely to understand the aftermath of suicide , Brent said . Suicide "  can also represent the learned or transmitted way of coping with unbearable stress , " Peterson said . What exactly gets transmitted in families with suicide ? One theory is that it 's a difficulty in emotional regulation . "  Not necessarily depression per se , but it 's the ability to restrain yourself from acting on suicidal thoughts , " Brent said . The American Association of Suicidology is one place for online information if you or someone you know is contemplating suicide . For immediate assistance , contact the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-TALK  8255  .	First-degree relatives are 4 to 6 times more likely to attempt or complete a suicide Still , says expert , "  genetics is not destiny " Influential factors are a combination of genetics and environment Ernest Hemingway committed suicide , and so did several of his relatives
CNN  -- It has been a relationship fraught with tension and disagreements , but with Valentine 's Day around the corner , it appears Carlos Tevez and Manchester City might be prepared to kiss and make up . The Argentina striker has been frozen out of the first team picture at City since refusing to warm up as a substitute during a European Champions League defeat to Bayern Munich in Germany back in September . Tevez has since been hit with a massive fine and was widely expected to leave the English Premier League leaders in January , but a move failed to materialize despite interest from Italian giants AC and Inter Milan . City manager Roberto Mancini has now hinted he may be prepared to forgive Tevez , who captained the team to a first trophy in 35 years last season , in a bid to bolster the club 's chances of clinching their first top division title since 1968 . Man City return to top of English Premier League Tevez also said he wanted to play for City again in an interview on Argentinian television but risked further tension by laying the blame for the argument at Mancini and City 's doorstep . "  Everyone knows that Tevez is a top player and it probably would have been better for us if he 'd been here , " Mancini told a press conference prior to Sunday 's 1-0 win away at Aston Villa , which saw them return to the top of the table . "  I do n't have any problem and the club does n't have any problem . Finish . It 's up to him . Carlos knows everything , he knows the situation . "  I spoke with Carlos one week after Munich ... We are here . We 've not changed these past few months and Carlos knows that . He is a City player . " But Mancini made it clear Tevez , who is reportedly due to return to Manchester from Argentina this week , would have to apologize before he would get the opportunity to add to the 43 goals he has scored for the club since joining in 2009 . "  This is normal , " the former Inter coach said . "  Then after Carlos can train , can play , as long as his condition is good . If he comes back , we are happy . " Liverpool 's Suarez apologizes for Evra handshake snub But in an interview with Fox Sports Latin America , Tevez rejected he was to blame for the breakdown in relations . "  If I was wrong , I say sorry . I sincerely believe I did not make a mistake , " he said . "  If it 's true that Mancini said he will welcome me back if I 'm fit , then I like those quotes . But if he only said it for the media , no . "  But he also said I was never going to be playing for him again . So I do n't know . I 'll do my best to be available and play . " Tevez has been on a collision course with City 's hierarchy for over 12 months , having initially handed in a transfer request in December 2010 . The one-time West Ham and Manchester United star then saw a return to former club Santos collapse in July . Tevez has not played for the Citizens since a domestic cup win against second-tier Birmingham City in September . Tevez also revealed he and Mancini nearly came to blows after a Premier League match last season and said that City could have handled the Bayern incident differently . Mancini said he was unsure what condition Tevez would be in upon his return , but said the 28-year-old has the talent to be an asset to City in the closing months of the season . "  I do n't know if he is in good condition or not , " Mancini said . "  I do n't think so because he has n't played for four months . But Carlos recovers strength very quickly . "  Carlos can change a lot of games . If he comes back next week , maybe he can help us in the last three months . "	Carlos Tevez could be set to return to the first-team fold at Manchester City Tevez has not played since refusing to warm up as a substitute in September City manager Roberto Mancini said Tevez would have to apologize before playing again Tevez says on Argentinian television he is not to blame for spat and wants to return
CNN  -- In a cold , wet field two hours ' drive west of London , there 's no mistaking the huddle of ancient shapes that emerge suddenly on the horizon , back-dropped by a distant cluster of leafless trees . Until recently , any first encounter with Stonehenge , that legendary keeper of Neolithic secrets , could prove deeply underwhelming . Two traffic-snarled highways have encroached on the brooding rocks , robbing them of their scale . Now that 's changing . The site 's custodians have unveiled a $ 44 million visitor center and a radical remodeling of the landscape that will reconnect the circle with the atmospheric terrain it has occupied for more than 4,000 years . CNN was among the first visitors through its doors -- and to experience a redesigned approach to the UNESCO World Heritage Site that its guardians hope will restore some of its once-formidable presence . Visitors are no longer directed to a cramped parking lot slapped hastily on top of historically significant earthworks . The parking lot and a roadway , which for decades has severed the stone circle from an ancient avenue , are being torn up and grassed over . Instead they arrive at the new center , an elegant modern pavilion of glass and weathered sweet chestnut wood that now forms the gateway to the enigmatic millennium-old monument -- helping to create a sense of anticipation and drama . Contrast vital "  One key thing has been to make it as different from the stones as possible , " Stephen Quinlan , one of the center 's architects , told CNN . The building 's undulating roof and matchstick steel pillars blend in with the area 's rolling hills and sparse woodland , he said . The center officially opens on December 18 , three days before the winter solstice , when druids , pagans and revelers gather to watch the sun rise in perfect alignment with the stones -- a celestial event that both explains their purpose and deepens their mystery . These time-honored traditions show how cherished Stonehenge is , not only to the people who assign it spiritual importance , but also to the archaeologists who study its origins . Not to mention the 1 million tourists who traipse here each year . It 's no wonder the government bodies guarding the site have been cautious about remodeling -- enduring 30 years of wrangling over budgets , designs and locations before creating the new center . Worthwhile wait For some , however , the wait has been worth it . "  I think it 's fabulous , " Mark Horton , a professor of history at Bristol University , told CNN at the center 's opening . "  It 's one of the most important archaeological monuments in western Europe and has been for so long woefully neglected . " In one way the delays had been an advantage , he said . "  If it was here 10 years ago , it would look out of date because we now have completely new interpretations of how and why and when Stonehenge was built . " Stonehenge is n't visible from the center , lying over the crest of a hill -- so visitors spend time exploring its new exhibition space before walking or catching a road train to cover the mile and a half to the stone circle . The exhibition 's centerpiece is a 360-degree virtual display that tries to simulate the experience of standing within the stone circle -- something most visitors have been banned from doing since the late 1970s in order to protect the rocks . It uses laser-scanned images to zap the viewer back through history amid dramatic solstice sunrises and sunsets . For anyone who has waited in vain for a dawn obscured by the miserable British weather , this could actually be an improvement . Neolithic head reconstructed Among 250 other antiquities , the exhibition also includes the reconstructed head of a 5,500-year-old Neolithic man found nearby . Archaeologists have used advanced 3D scanning technology on his skull to reveal his face . While this undoubtedly offers a valuable glimpse into the human story behind Stonehenge , there 's no escaping the fact that the result of all that hi-tech labor bears an uncanny resemblance to Jeff Bridges in "  The Big Lebowski . " The Neolithic man 's skeleton is also on display , a fact that has stirred some controversy . The leader of Britain 's self-proclaimed largest order of druids says the use of the bones is disrespectful to their long-dead owner . "  Those who 've been laid to rest should stay at rest -- it 's not a pagan issue , it 's one of common decency , " King Arthur Pendragon , who describes himself as the Battle Chieftain of the Council of British Druid Orders , told CNN . While it brings visitors face to face with the monument 's history , what the new center can not do is shed definitive light on how and why Stonehenge was constructed using stones quarried 150 miles away in the Preseli mountains of Wales . There have been numerous theories about their construction and purpose , ranging from outlandish claims about UFOs or mythical stories of giants and wizards to explanations concerning druidic rituals or astronomical observatories . Solstice ceremonies The 2009 announcement that another stone circle -- Bluestonehenge -- had been discovered adjacent by the nearby River Avon has lent support to another theory : that Stonehenge was a temple forming part of a larger funeral and burial complex that only later became a place for solstice ceremonies . Back in the 21st century , with much of the remodeling yet to be completed , it 's still a work in progress . Although the road train 's slower approach to the stones does help build the atmosphere , the old parking lot and the remaining busy highway still blot the landscape . There are times , however , walking the circuit around Stonehenge , when the traffic , the noise and the fellow visitors taking iPhone selfies suddenly melt away . In these fleeting moments there 's a sense of the power these simple rocks have conveyed to so many . But while the site 's guardians hope their innovations will help visitors to connect better to the surrounding ancient landscape , for some there will always be one crucial element missing . "  The only thing that struck me is you ca n't go up and touch it , " said fourth-time visitor Keith Foskett , of West Sussex , England . "  I think that 's a real shame . English Heritage might own it , but it really belongs to the people . You should be allowed to go up and hug the stones . " Stonehenge , near Salisbury , England . +44 87 0333 1181 . Visits over the festive period wo n't require booking but must be reserved from February 1 , 2014 , when entrance will be managed through timed tickets ; adults $ 24 , child $ 14.50 , family $ 65 .	Overhaul of 4,000-year-old monument cost $ 44 million and was delayed for decades Visitor center opens days before druids and pagans descend for winter solstice Reconstructed Neolithic head looks , to at least one observer , weirdly like "  Big Lebowski " film star Was it UFOs ? Origins of Stonehenge remain a mystery
Pripyat , Ukraine  CNN  -- There 's an eerie stillness about the desolate buildings and empty streets of Pripyat . From the main square , overgrown with brambles and wild grass , the town looks like an ancient ruin lost in a jungle . Buildings , windows smashed , stand like monolithic giants peering down . On one , an unlit neon sign saying "  restaurant " clings onto a rooftop . From another , a hammer and sickle looms over the scene below . I ca n't think of a single place I 've visited that feels so utterly abandoned and lost . The order to evacuate Pripyat came too late . It had been 36 hours since an explosion in Reactor 4 at Chernobyl , on April 26 , 1986 , had spewed its radioactive debris over the town . Fearing panic , the then Soviet authorities , under Mikhail Gorbachev , ordered Pripyat 's citizens to continue life as normal . So , as the world 's worst nuclear accident wreaked havoc , searing with radiation all in its path , children in this town went to school and sat through lessons . Couples got married . When the evacuation did get under way , once the scale of disaster could no longer be denied , residents were told they would be back in a few days . They took nothing with them -- just documents , some money and some food for the bus ride . Even inside the Soviet Union , the disgraceful way the situation was handled by the authorities was severely criticized . On several occasions since , Gorbachev -- remembered for his perestroika and glasnost reforms -- said he believed Chernobyl was equally responsible for bringing about the collapse of the Soviet Union . Even 25 years on , the problem of Chernobyl has far from gone away . There is considerable debate over how many people died , and how many are still dying , as a result of the calamity . The International Atomic Energy Agency and the World Health Organization say 28 emergency workers died of radiation sickness in the immediate aftermath of the disaster . About 20 more who received high doses of radiation died of various causes in the following years , and as many as 4,000 cancer deaths are expected as a result of the disaster , according to those U.N. agencies . The Chernobyl Union of Ukraine , which supports survivors of the disaster , says 140,000 people who took part in the cleanup have died in the past quarter-century . But it is not clear how many of those fell victim to radiation . Meanwhile , researchers say that in addition to spikes in certain types of cancers , there is evidence of severe anxiety among survivors . Ukraine 's government says an area larger than Switzerland was affected , and a 30-km  19-mile  radius around the plant remains all but uninhabited . And the impact is unlikely to diminish anytime soon . Nuclear disasters like Chernobyl and Fukushima do n't run on a human timeline . Limited numbers of tourists are allowed into the accident zone for brief visits , despite radiation being well above normal , but scientists say generations may pass before it is entirely safe for people to return .	Ukrainian city remains a ghost town 25 years after Chernobyl Tourists are now allowed into the exclusion zone Estimates of the disaster 's death toll vary widely Mikhail Gorbachev says the disaster contributed to the Soviet collapse
CNN  -- Insurgents locked in a standoff with U.S. Marines tricked them by dressing up as women to escape , a task force spokesman said Monday . U.S. Marines scan the site of a blast that hit a U.S. vehicle in southern Afghanistan . Women and children had been caught in the standoff between the armed groups , but some of the women were not what they seemed , according to task force spokesman Capt. William Pelletier . After the Marines began taking fire from insurgents in the town of Khan Neshin , in south Afghanistan near the Helmand River , the militants ran into a multiple-room compound , the U.S. military said . Unsure of whether civilians were inside the compound , the Marines had an interpreter talk to the insurgents , said an official who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to speak publicly . After some time , a number of women and children left the compound , the military official said . The released hostages told the Marines that there were no more civilians inside the compound , Pelletier said . But the Marines held their fire anyway , the official said . About 4 p.m.  7:30 a.m. ET  , in the midst of the standoff , another group of women and children emerged from the compound , the official said . The Marines continued to hold their fire and wait out the insurgents , the official said . Finally , a screaming woman emerged from the compound with a bullet wound to her hand , Pelletier said . Then , another group of women came out , covered from head to toe according to custom , he said , with a couple of children in tow . The Marines attended to the wounded woman while the others walked away . When the Marines went into the compound , they discovered that it empty , Pelletier said . That 's when they realized the fighters had dressed up as women to escape , he said . "  Apparently these were tall , rather broad-shouldered women with hairy feet , " Pelletier said . The Marines ' restrained approach differs from previous hits on compounds when airstrikes were readily called in , the official said . Under a new tactical directive for forces in Afghanistan , some of which was unclassified Monday , forces must protect civilians soldiers and must be sensitive to Afghan cultural norms regarding women . Pelletier said that during the standoff , "  the Marines did n't have any female forces to do any searches , and they were n't going to violate cultural norms by patting down these women . " The standoff in the town of Khan Neshin was especially significant because it has been a Taliban stronghold for several years , and the U.S. military reported that the Afghan government regained control of the town Monday . Coalition forces began talks with local leaders several days ago and have moved about 500 Marines into Khan Neshin , a U.S. military news release said . The government takeover of Khan Neshin marks the first time coalition forces have had a sustained presence so far south in the Helmand River valley , the release said . The mission to secure Khan Neshin coincides with "  establishing secure conditions " for August elections in Afghanistan , according to the release . Elsewhere in Afghanistan , a six U.S. soldiers were killed Monday by two roadside bombs , a representative for NATO forces said . Four were killed in Kunduz province in northern Afghanistan , the U.S. military said . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack . Two soldiers were killed in southern Afghanistan , NATO 's International Security Assistance Forces said . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	U.S. Marines faced off against insurgents in southern town of Khan Neshin Marines surround compound , held fire because of civilians 6 U.S. soldiers killed by roadside bomb in northern Afghanistan Taliban claim responsibility for attack on U.S. military vehicle
The Frisky  -- When Michael Jackson died last summer , it kick-started a year with a disturbing number of celebrity deaths . Which is why we are so extremely overjoyed when a celebrity survives a life-threatening incident . Of course , we are referring to rocker/reality TV star Bret Michaels . Over the past few months , Bret has had a series of extremely close calls . First , in mid-April , he was rushed to the hospital for an emergency appendectomy . Not two weeks later , he had a brain hemorrhage that left him in the ICU for more than a week . "  I 'm lucky to be alive , " he told People at the time . But as soon as he was on the mend , he had a warning stroke . As doctors examined him to see what was up , they found that he also has a hole in his heart . The Frisky : 10 bizarre deaths of celebrity pets But just days later , Bret was feeling better and managed to make it to the live taping of the season finale of "  Celebrity Apprentice . " There , he triumphed over Holly Robinson Peete and walked away the show 's victor . Seriously , this guy is unbreakable . He 's scheduled for surgery for the fall to make sure his lover-boy heart keeps on beating . So what other stars have had near-death experiences ? Answer : a lot of them . Lance Armstrong What 's better than having a brain hemorrhage , a warning stroke , a hole in your heart and still making it to the "  Celebrity Apprentice " finale ? Defeating testicular cancer and going on to win seven Tour de France titles . When Lance Armstrong was diagnosed with cancer in 1996 , it had already spread to his lungs and brain . But with surgery to remove tumors and chemotherapy , he was able to beat the disease and return to cycling in 1999 . Live strong , indeed . The Frisky : Top 10 lies women tell men Jason Priestley Jason Priestley of "  Beverly Hills , 90210 " has cheated death on repeat . In 1999 , while driving drunk , he crashed his Porsche . A few years later , he was involved in a serious boat accident . Then in 2002 , he was in a pre-race crash on a Kentucky speedway that left him with a fractured spine and several other injuries . Here 's hoping that 's the last crash for Brandon Walsh . Boy George Boy George was almost killed by , of all things , a disco ball . In 1999 , Culture Club was rehearsing at a venue when a 62-pound ball snapped , falling and clipping George on the way down . He suffered minor injuries , but if he was standing a few feet over he could have been in big trouble . The Frisky : The 10 worst-dressed men in Hollywood Kanye West Kanye West was in a nasty car crash driving home from his recording studio in 2002 at 3 a.m. His rental car was totaled , but he walked away with just a fractured jaw . Eminem In 2005 , Eminem came close to overdosing after taking an entire handful of methadone pills . His doctor said this was the equivalent of shooting up four bags of heroin . And this was on top of the 20 prescription pills he was taking a day . Last May , Eminem told Vibe he 'd been sober for a year . Let 's hope it stays that way . The Frisky : Kim Kardashian speaks about plastic surgery and her famous bod Dustin Hoffman Back in the 70s , Dustin Hoffman lived in New York City in an apartment next door to a member of the radical student anti-war group Weather Underground . The group was evidently making bombs in the apartment , and a stick of dynamite was accidentally set off . Luckily , Dustin had stepped out of his apartment at the time . 50 Cent 50 Cent was famously shot nine times in 2000 in Queens , New York , and lived to tell the tale . Joaquin Phoenix Joaquin Phoenix was driving in Los Angeles when the brakes of his car gave out . His car flipped and he collided with another vehicle . Phoenix was helped out of the car by a passerby -- strangely , director Werner Herzog -- and was uninjured , thanks to his seat belt . A good reminder to buckle up ! The Frisky : 8 celeb nerds landed real-life super hotties Martin Lawrence In 1999 , Martin Lawrence had a near-death experience . He was jogging in 100-plus degree heat to lose weight for a movie role and collapsed from heat exhaustion . He was in a coma for the next three days , but luckily managed to pull through . Jim Caviezel While filming "  The Passion of the Christ , " Jim Caviezel was struck by lightning . Even stranger , the assistant director who was struck with him got hit by lightning again during the making of the film . Both were OK . But creepy . The Frisky : 8 famous females rejected by Playboy Hugh Hefner Hugh Hefner revealed the moment he almost met his maker in the tell-all book "  Mr. Playboy . " Apparently , in 1977 , while with Playmate Sondra Theodore , Hefner almost choked on a bedroom toy . He came close to passing out before Theodore allegedly dislodged the mysterious item . Bob Dylan In 1966 , Bob Dylan was in a mysterious motorcycle crash near his house in Woodstock . He says he broke several vertebrae and that the near-death experience led him to lead a more reclusive life . But some have questioned the incident because , apparently , there is no record of an ambulance call to the crash . The Frisky : 8 things I wo n't miss after "  Lost " is finally gone TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Several male celebs have had near-death experiences including actors , rappers and singers Kanye West got in a car accident while driving home from his recording studio in 2002 In 1966 , Dylan was in a mysterious motorcycle crash near his house in Woodstock
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The judge overseeing Michael Jackson 's estate and the custody of his children ordered an investigation into Paris Jackson 's apparent suicide attempt . Paris , 15 , is in a Los Angeles hospital at least until Saturday for evaluation after an incident early Wednesday in which she cut her wrist and called a suicide counseling hot line . "  We 're completely supportive of the judge 's action , " Perry Sanders , the lawyer for Katherine Jackson , said Friday . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff signed the order Thursday instructing Probate Court Investigator Cary Ornelas "  to prepare an investigation report addressing the status " of Paris Jackson and "  recent media reports concerning her welfare . " Beckloff appointed Michael Jackson 's mother , Katherine Jackson , to be sole guardian of Prince , Paris and Blanket soon after the singer 's sudden death on June 25 , 2009 . Her guardianship was briefly suspended after she disappeared and was out of communication for more than a week last summer . The children 's cousin T.J. Jackson , who was appointed guardian while the family matriarch was missing , was then made a co-guardian . In addition to the hospitalization of Paris , the probate investigator may also be checking on T.J. Jackson 's participation . A media report said he no longer lives at the Jacksons ' Calabasas , California , home . "  It 's absolute fiction that T.J. is an absentee guardian , " Sanders said . "  He 's always around . "	Judge cites "  recent media reports concerning her welfare " as reason for investigation Paris is in a Los Angeles hospital at least until Saturday for evaluation "  We 're completely supportive of the judge 's action , " Katherine Jackson 's lawyer says
CNN  -- Last week in McAlester , Oklahoma , the blinds were raised in a small , white , antiseptic room , and two small groups of people watched as Clayton Lockett was strapped to a gurney . A doctor examined Lockett 's body for usable veins and then oversaw the administration of an untested drug cocktail that was supposed to dispatch the convicted murderer quickly and quietly . Instead , the blinds were lowered as the execution turned into more than 40 minutes of grimacing , writhing , teeth grinding and frantic phone calls . Then Lockett 's heart finally seized , stopped beating , and his breath left his body . This is how we kill our most serious criminals in the 21st century . Or at least try to . So if this is justice , let 's make it real . Let 's make it open to the highest form of public transparency and scrutiny : Live TV . Here 's why . Oklahoma 's botched lethal injection marks new front in battle over executions In the Middle Ages , the preferred method of executing prisoners was to draw and quarter , burn , boil alive and separate body parts of the condemned , exacting a measure of slow and painful torture before death . At some point in the late 18th and early 19th centuries , society decided that executing prisoners more quickly would be more "  humane . " The French invented the guillotine , the Shah of Persia introduced throat cutting , or would tie a prisoner to a cannon and blow him apart , and the British developed the "  long drop " method of hanging to snap the neck and sever the spine of the executed . In 1936 , the last public execution in the United States was held in Owensboro , Kentucky . It was witnessed by more than 20,000 people , including hundreds of reporters . From that point forward , states decided that executions needed to be private affairs , held in small rooms and witnessed only by agents of the state , lawyers , family members of the victim and a handful of journalists . In the years since Owensboro , the states -- with the approval of the U.S. Supreme Court -- have refined their definition of humane executions by utilizing firing squads , electric chairs and gas chambers . The states further sanitized the execution process by developing the lethal injection method , turning it into a medical procedure complete with operating table , intravenous injections and considerable ethical questions for doctors and pharmaceutical companies who have sworn to "  do no harm . " None of these refinements in execution technology has anything to do with "  humane " methods . There is no real measurement for how painful a death prisoners suffer when they are being hanged , shot , gassed or electrocuted , no matter how quickly they die . Lethal injection simply gives us greater psychological distance from killing another human being , making it feel more like a doctor-prescribed procedure than an execution . Michael Wilson , another death row inmate in Oklahoma , was killed in January in the same chamber , uttering his final words , "  I feel my whole body burning . " And while many have used the word "  botched " to describe Lockett 's execution , it was n't botched at all . That 's just how messy , complicated and disturbing it is to kill another human being . What is missing from the death penalty debate is that there is no humane way to kill another person . We consider taking a victim 's life during a crime to be cruel and unusual , yet we neatly sidestep this same Eighth Amendment standard with prisoners by attempting to conduct a quick and "  painless " execution . President Barack Obama has called for a Department of Justice investigation into the death penalty following Lockett 's execution . "  In the application of the death penalty in this country , we have seen significant problems -- racial bias , uneven application of the death penalty , you know , situations in which there were individuals on death row who later on were discovered to have been innocent because of exculpatory evidence , " Obama said . "  And all these , I think , do raise significant questions about how the death penalty is being applied . " But while I applaud the President 's actions , the question is not how the death penalty is applied , but whether it should be applied at all . It is natural to be both horrified and angered at the senseless and brutal killings committed by a convicted murderer . It is natural to want revenge -- to visit the pain we imagine the victim suffered onto his or her perpetrator . But there is a difference between punishment and revenge , no matter how we dress it up with legislation and legal procedures . We have built a system of laws to raise us above those we judge . In this system we have built , we must be honest and ask ourselves , "  Is vengeance justice ? " If we want truly to codify revenge , let 's not pretend . Let 's admit that we are willing to live with the byproducts of our retribution . Let 's admit that we are willing to kill a number of innocent people . Let 's admit that it is fine to execute a disproportionate number of minorities . And let 's admit that we want condemned murderers to suffer like they made their victims suffer . Let 's not dress the execution up as a medical procedure . And by all means , let 's televise it . Let 's watch them pump the drugs into a condemned man or woman , strapped to a gurney . Let 's hear their last words . Let 's watch them writhe and twitch , or listen as they groan and their last breath quietly leaves their body . Let 's watch them die . Let us see what we are really choosing when we vote to implement the death penalty in our state . Many Americans support the death penalty in principle . But , as a juror in a capital case , it is different when you look across that courtroom and stare into the eyes of the accused . At that point it is real , and not just a principle . You will decide whether that person dies . Let 's make the death penalty real . Let 's open the blinds and stare into the eyes of those we condemn to death . Let 's be honest about what the death penalty really is . And then we can choose what kind of society we really want to be . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Richard Gabriel : Recent failed execution makes the case against death penalty The last public execution in the United States was in 1936 , witnessed by 20,000 people Gabriel says he believes there is no humane way to kill another person We should be willing , he says , to live with the byproducts of our retribution
"  Affluenza . " The word touched a national nerve . But G. Dick Miller , the psychologist who said it , wishes he could take it back . "  I wish I had n't used that term . Everyone seems to have hooked onto it , " he told CNN 's "  Anderson Copper 360 " on Thursday night . "  We used to call these people spoiled brats . " Miller recently testified on behalf of 16-year-old Ethan Couch , who this week was sentenced to 10 years ' probation for driving drunk and causing a crash that killed four people . Miller told the court the teen 's parents should share part of the blame for the crash because they never set limits for the boy and gave him everything he wanted , according to CNN affiliate WFAA . Couch is himself a victim -- of "  affluenza " -- the psychologist said , suggesting the teen 's life could be turned around with treatment and no contact with his parents . ` Affluenza ' : Is it real ? A judge , at least in part , appears to have agreed . Couch was given no jail time , though he could face up to 10 years behind bars if he violates the terms of his probation . Prosecutors had asked for the maximum of 20 years . The judge 's decision stunned victims ' family members , who say they feel Couch basically got away with murder . "  Let 's face it . ... There needs to be some justice here , " Eric Boyles , who lost his wife and daughter , told "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " On the night of June 15 , his wife , Hollie Boyles , and daughter , Shelby , left their home to help Breanna Mitchell , whose SUV had broken down . Brian Jennings , a youth pastor , was driving past and also stopped to help . All four were killed when the teen 's pickup plowed into the pedestrians on a road in Burleson , south of Fort Worth . Couch 's vehicle also struck a parked car , which then slid into another vehicle headed in the opposite direction . Two people riding in the bed of the teen 's pickup were tossed in the crash and severely injured . One is no longer able to move or talk because of a brain injury , while the other suffered internal injuries and broken bones . According to prosecutors , three hours after the crash , tests showed Couch had a blood alcohol content of 0.24 , three times the legal limit . "  There are absolutely no consequences for what occurred that day , " said Boyles . "  The primary message has to absolutely be that money and privilege ca n't buy justice in this country -- that it 's not OK to drink and drive and kill four people ... and not have any consequences to that . That 's not the American dream that we grew up to participate in . " Couch was sentenced by a juvenile judge Tuesday . Judge Jean Boyd told the court she would not release the teen to his parents , but would work to find Couch a long-term treatment facility . According to WFAA , defense attorneys asked that Couch be sent to a small , private facility in California . They reportedly said the teen 's father would pay the $ 450,000 price tag . "  There is nothing the judge could have done to lessen the suffering for any of those families , " said defense attorney Scott Brown , CNN affiliate KTVT reported . "  The judge  fashioned a sentence that is going to keep Ethan under the thumb of the justice system for the next 10 years , " he said . "  And if Ethan does n't do what he 's supposed to do , if he has one misstep at all , then this judge , or an adult judge when he 's transferred , can then incarcerate him . "	Ethan Couch gets 10 years ' probation for driving drunk , killing 4 His defense argued he is a victim of "  affluenza " "  We used to call these people spoiled brats , " says the psychologist who used the term Prosecutors had sought a 20-year sentence for Couch , 16
Washington  CNN  -- Education Secretary Arne Duncan said Wednesday his department estimates that four out of five schools in the United States will not make their "  No Child Left Behind " benchmarks by the law 's target year of 2014 -- and when the test scores are counted for the current school year , numbers could show that U.S. schools are already at that failure rate . He blamed that failure rate on the law itself , not on schools . "  This law has created dozens of ways for schools to fail and very few ways to help them succeed . We should get out of the business of labeling schools as failures and create a new law that is fair and flexible , and focused on the schools and students most at risk , " Duncan told the House Committee on Education and the Workforce . Under the No Child Left Behind law , originally passed in 2001 , all students are expected to meet a level of "  proficiency " by 2014 . Because standards under No Child Left Behind are higher from year to year as 2014 approaches , the percentage of schools that are not meeting "  Adequate Yearly Progress " could rise from the current level of 37 % to 82 % , Duncan said . Duncan pointed out that federal law requires states and districts to "  implement the same set of interventions in every school that is not meeting AYP , regardless of the individual needs and circumstances of those schools . " Under the Education Department 's estimates , 82 % of America 's schools "  could be labeled ` failing ' and , over time , the required remedies for all of them are the same -- which means we will really fail to serve the students in greatest need , " said Duncan . "  By mandating and prescribing one-size-fits-all solutions , No Child Left Behind took away the ability of local and state educators to tailor solutions to the unique needs of their students , " Duncan said calling the concept "  fundamentally flawed . " Duncan was on Capitol Hill to both push for the reauthorization and revamping of the No Child Left Behind law , and to defend President Barack Obama 's budget request for 2012 . The 2012 budget request comes to $ 77.4 billion -- an increase of $ 4.5 billion over the 2011 request . Republicans on the committee questioned any increase in the budget in the current economic climate . Committee chairman Rep. John Kline , R-Minnesota , said in his opening remarks , "  As we work to answer the question about the appropriate role for the federal government in education , one thing is for sure : it must be less costly and less intrusive . " Rep. Duncan Hunter , R-California , asked the secretary if he though he could be successful without an increase in funding saying , "  If you cut the right way and put the money into the systems that you know work , could you do that ? " The education secretary answered , "  We have to do that , anyway , and I continue to think we under-invest " compared to higher-performing countries .	Education Secretary Arne Duncan testifies before a congressional committee Almost 40 % of U.S. schools are not now meeting goals for "  No Child Left Behind , " he says That could increase to 82 % , he says Because standards are increasingly higher , U.S. schools could already be at that level
CNN  -- A leading Muslim-American civil rights group is advocating intense grassroots engagement among police and U.S. Muslim neighborhood leaders to thwart the emergence of homegrown Islamic terrorists . A report , issued Friday by the Muslim Public Affairs Council , reflects the shock among American Muslims over the Fort Hood massacre , the arrests of five American Muslims in Pakistan suspected of plotting terrorist attacks , and the arrests of eight Somali-American men on charges related to what prosecutors said were efforts to recruit youths to fight for a Somali guerrilla movement . Titled "  Building Bridges to Strengthen America : Forging an Effective Counterterrorism Enterprise between Muslim Americans and Law Enforcement , " the paper stresses a division of labor and a collaboration between police and community groups . Police should fight crime , including terrorism , and neighborhood leaders should deal with the causes of radicalization , it says . At the same time , both need to work hand in glove , the paper said . "  We will capture the narrative from those who seek to misguide the young people , " said Haris Tarin , the head of the council 's District of Columbia office . He was speaking Friday at a news conference in Washington that introduced the 32-page paper . "  One incident of violent extremism is one too many , " said Alejandro J. Beutel , the author of the report and the group 's government liaison . "  Our community needs to develop more sophistication in dealing with this challenge . " Beutel , who also spoke at the news conference , said there needs to be a greater emphasis on community policing , an idea that calls for closer ties between neighborhood residents and cops on the beat . Developing closer relations with local Muslims would help police tap "  unique cultural and linguistic " skills that can spot and head off trouble . The study said police must surmount community distrust , which it says is common and calls "  an automatic barrier to police community outreach . " "  Unfortunately , in the current political climate , the actions of certain law enforcement agencies -- whether spying on peaceful activist groups and houses of worship without reasonable suspicion , or religious profiling -- have added to difficulties , " the report said . Such a "  heightened sense of fear and grievances also creates a greater pool of alienated people terrorists can tap into for recruitment , " Beutel 's report said . Tarin and Beutel said concern about radicalism in the Muslim community is n't new : Books have been published about the subject , and imams at mosques have raised the issue for many years . Speaking at the news conference , Tarin said that Muslim leaders need to "  think outside the box " and engage young people in cyberspace , on social networking sites and in other social circles where they are coming together . And both men said that all Muslim groups need to work together to help confront problems like the emergence of radical thought and identify sources of discontent . Beutel said the U.S. Muslim community can learn from the experience of the British Muslim community . While there was initial surprise that local Muslims were involved in the July 7 , 2005 , London bombings , Muslims there later realized that militant leaders were tapping into the problems caused by youthful alienation and social issues such as racism , drug use and premarital sex . Beutel cites a study that says many militants had been secular before they embraced radical Islam , but they typically lacked mainstream religious knowledge . He said making communities "  religiously literate " would help fight radicalism . "  Muslim communities must do their part to reach out and continue to assist law enforcement to bring real terrorist perpetrators to justice , " Beutel wrote in the report . "  The role Muslim communities should play is in counterradicalization efforts through better religious education , social programs and long-term constructive political engagement . "	Group wants police , U.S. Muslim leaders to thwart emergence of homegrown terrorists Report , cites Fort Hood tragedy , Americans ' arrest in Pakistan , Somali-Americans ' arrest Study says police must undo community distrust , which it calls a barrier to outreach Muslim leaders asked to engage youths on social networking sites and in other social circles
CNN  -- The new North Tower is finally high enough to partially restore the skyline I used to see when I stepped outside my home in Greenwich Village . It was a glorious sight before September 11 , 2001 . Two shiny towers created a reference point for miles around , giving Manhattan the center of its compass , just like the Eiffel tower does in Paris or the Capitol Building in Washington . I pointed out the new one to my little girl , Luna , this morning on the way to school . "  This is how we know we 're walking west , " I told her . "  Because the tower is to the South . " "  Is that like the one that fell down ? " she asked . Yes , I thought to myself , it actually is . When you make your way around upper Manhattan , there is an easy north-south , east-west street pattern to show you the way . But when you hit Greenwich Village , the streets go every which way . Before September 11 , 2001 , the easy way to find true north was to use the towers as a reference point . After that day , the compass just spun , as the city struggled to figure out which way to go . I had walked out of my apartment that day to see my tower , my reference point , with a burning hole punched deep inside its face . For the next few hours I ran around downtown reporting for CNN on a series of horrific events -- people leaping to their death , buildings collapsing , debris burning , and firefighters at odds with a fire that would n't go out . I lived alone back then , so when I finally went home a full day later I did n't have to explain to anyone why the absence of that tower made me feel as directionless as the city around me . And for many years , I walked back out my door beneath the empty sky and made my way north by mere habit . Triple-amputee veteran gets ` smart ' home on September 11 Luna was born in 2005 , four years after the attacks , as the city was just finding its way . It speaks volumes about something when you ca n't explain it to a child . So I was happy that I would n't have to do that for a few years , although somehow her presence made it easier to chart a new course . September 11 , 2005 , was a beautiful , bright and sunny day . It was Primary day and I walked to vote , carrying Luna in a baby Bjorn . It was funny to see her tiny hands stressing to push the metal levers in the ballot box . By the time she could walk , the same Hudson River parks where ambulances had carted off the injured had been replaced by water parks and swing sets . She loved a particular duck pond where debris had sat idle for months . That year was also the fifth anniversary , but she did n't watch TV yet , so her youth spared me the annual reading of the names and the moments of silence . That year we also took her on her first plane trip and her tiny hands left prints on the window ovals as she marveled at the reflections of the sun . Note lets family know 9/11 victim went down fighting By the time she was 3 , the yellowing "  Missing " posters that had dotted Greenwich Village in the days after the attack had been replaced by tiles painted by schoolchildren and strung along a chain link fence near our home . When she was 4 , the nearby hospital shut down , closing the emergency room where stretchers had lined up to wait for the survivors that never came . The next year she started kindergarten at the school across the street . It was a hard day for me because the attacks had happened on the first day of school . A father shooting video of his kindergartener had given me the tape of his daughter 's first-day smiles interrupted by the roar of a plane and a series of terrible images that replayed endlessly on TV . Our daughter wore a shiny pink raincoat on her big day as I took pictures of her disappearing into a sea of smiling schoolchildren marching into P.S. 41 . Later that year , I invited one of the firefighters I 'd connected with on September 11 to visit her class . She did n't tell the kids about her work on September 11 ; she just taught them to stop , drop and roll if they ever smelled smoke . Photos : Ground zero now When she entered the first grade last year , the New York Public Schools had a curriculum about September 11 and we were warned to tell our children what had happened . The idea was to explain that some bad people had crashed planes into buildings and many of our neighbors had died . It seemed such a straightforward way to tell a story that ended with some 1,300 orphans , ensuing wars and economic mudslides . But it was enough for her . The school curriculum discussed how communities come together in times of tragedy and explains the role of flowers in grieving . How to honor a Muslim first responder ? That same year , we took her to ground zero for the first time , to see what is now the 9/11 Memorial grounds . I had toured it with Michael Arad , the architect , for a CNN story before it opened , but it 's amazing what details you notice when you see something through the eyes of a child . Every piece of that memorial seems to reflect the images of the Twin Towers -- the rectangular stones on the walkways , rectangular lamp posts and grates , the slatted benches and big rectangular grass pits . She loves the sounds of the waterfalls in the tower footprints and the way the shadows bounce off the walls . It is a place of memory , not mourning , and it carries a sense of peace . The city has travelled such a distance and my 6-year-old understands what happened there , but does n't know enough to feel sad . We took her again a few months ago and pointed out how the names were cut out of the metal plates surrounding the footprints . I showed her the computers that let you print out cards of the victims . You can search them by name or place . We searched for people I knew and printed their cards . Then we looked for people from countries with which we have a connection . We chose a Colombian , and went to pay our respects . A man beside us was tracing the name of his son onto a piece of thin white paper . This time she did look sad . So did I. Today , Luna 's teacher read them "  Fireboat " -- the story of the John J. Harvey , a powerful 1931 retired Fire Department vessel called into action on September 11 to ferry away survivors and fight the fires . I remember that old , sad boat and how it rallied that day , pumping water for 80 hours when the fireplugs went dry . Her teacher said it was the only thing that seemed age appropriate . They wondered why someone would fly planes into buildings if they knew they were going to die . The teacher said that made zero sense to them . Then school ended and it was a beautiful day again . How schools should handle 9/11 in class On TV , the names of the dead were read and the polling booths got ready for another Primary . After school , some artists are taking over the school yard for a memorial event that will raise money to move the painted memorial tiles to a museum . Perhaps we will go to the school yard after I pick her up . It 's just west of our house , north of the towers . You can tell how to get there by looking downtown . How do you talk to the children in your life about tragedies ? Share your experiences in the comments section below .	Rose Arce was a reporter on the ground in New York after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks Arce struggled to explain the attacks to her daughter when she was old enough She and her daughter , Luna , visit the September 11 memorial and Luna learns more in school The attacks changed the landscape of their neighborhood and their lives
CNN  -- Dates have been an integral part of the culture and identity of the United Arab Emirates  UAE  since ancient times . In the past four decades , production has increased nearly a hundredfold with dates carefully harvested by hand from more than 40 million palm trees across the country . The UAE is currently the world 's fifth largest producer of dates , but it 's not just homegrown fruit that you will find in the country 's souks . Around 250,000 tons are imported every year -- mostly from Saudi Arabia and Iraq -- arriving on wooden dhows at small , traditional ports like Dubai 's Al Hamriya . Infographic : Gateway to the Gulf The old-fashioned sailing vessels remain an integral part of trade in the emirate enabling the fast and efficient transport of dates and other foodstuffs , says Khaldoun Asmar , CEO of Barari Group . "  We have dhows starting from 200 tons up to 2,000 tons , " says Asmar , whose company handles up to 80,000 tons of dates every year . " -LSB- They -RSB- are very strong and fast-moving and can go and come within two , three , four days maximum . So it 's easy in terms of moving around . You load fast and you discharge fast , " Asmar said . "  We export to India , Pakistan , Sri Lanka ... We cover the whole area really and we cover the Middle East , plus we cover Australia , Canada and the U.S. " At Al Hamriya , box after box of dates is unloaded from the dhows onto metal shipping containers which are taken by truck to Dubai 's main shipping hub , Jebel Ali Port . "  Jebel Ali is very important to us because it is connected to the world , " Asmar says . "  We are bringing dates from all over the world , we store it here in Dubai and we re-export again to the rest of the world . " Quiz : Destination Dubai Dubai is not only a center for re-export , it 's a key hub for the whole of the Middle East , says Mohammed Al Muallem , Senior Vice President and Managing Director of DP World . Lots of cargo comes through containers and ends up in warehouses in Dubai , he says , which are then visited by traders from across the region . "  They come and see their products in the warehouses and they basically say , ' I want this to be delivered to a certain areas that do n't have ports . ' And then what happens is that they use dhows that can go in shallow water to deliver to any location , any area , " Al Muallem said . All of which makes for a happy mix of old and new , helping Dubai sustain the links with its mercantile past while feeding a global appetite for the region 's much-loved traditional fruit .	Dubai 's mix of old and new shipping continues to help date trade thrive Emirate imports 250,000 tons of dates annually from neighboring countries Traditional wooden dhows still used to transport dates before transfer to shipping containers
CNN  -- One stands as tall as a red British phone booth . The other is the height of six stacked cans of baked beans . On Thursday , for the first time , the man with the tallest recorded height in the world and the shortest man in the world met at an event in London , where they posed for photos and stretched for an awkward handshake . The occasion was the 10th annual Guinness World Records Day , which celebrates record-setting achievements around the globe . The Guinness folks flew the two men , Sultan Kosen of Turkey and Chandra Bahadur Dangi of Nepal , to London for the unique photo op . Kosen , 31 , is a part-time farmer who measures 8 feet , 3 inches tall and can reach a basketball hoop without jumping . He became the world 's tallest living man in 2009 , overtaking China 's Xi Shun , who stood a mere 7 feet 9 inches . Dangi , 74 , is just 21 1/2 inches tall and is the shortest adult human ever verified by Guinness World Records . A weaver who also helps look after buffaloes and cows in his remote mountain village of Reemkholi , he weighs just 32 pounds . "  To be able to finally meet Chandra after all this time is amazing , " Kosen said at the event . "  Even though he is short and I am tall , we have had similar struggles throughout our lives , and when I look into Chandra 's eyes , I can see he 's a good man . " Kosen also holds the record for largest hands on a living person . His measure 11.2 inches from the wrist to the tip of his middle finger . Thousands of people took part in Guinness World Records events around the world Thursday , with records tumbling in Australia , France , Dubai , China , Germany , Japan , the UK and the United States . In Shanghai , 388 people went for a record for the largest communal breakfast in bed .	For the first time , the tallest recorded man in the world met the shortest man Sultan Kosen , 31 , is a Turkish farmer who measures 8 feet , 3 inches tall Nepalese weaver Chandra Bahadur Dangi , 74 , is just 21 1/2 inches tall The two men met in London for the 10th annual Guinness World Records Day
New York  CNN  -- The MSNBC news network suspended political analyst Mark Halperin on Thursday after the Time magazine columnist used a four-letter insult to describe President Barack Obama . Halperin quickly apologized for the remarks , in which he told fellow panelists on the "  Morning Joe " program that Obama was "  kind of a d -- k " for blasting Republican lawmakers during a Wednesday news conference . He had been told the program was on a seven-second delay before he delivered his assessment . He delivered what he called "  an absolute apology , heartfelt " to Obama and to viewers after a commercial break and remained on the air . But MSNBC called his comments "  completely inappropriate and unacceptable " and said Halperin would be suspended indefinitely from his on-air role . Halperin said he agreed with the move . "  My remark was unacceptable , and I deeply regret it , " he said . Halperin is an editor at large at Time and the senior political analyst for the magazine , which like CNN is a subsidiary of the media conglomerate Time Warner . The magazine responded to reporters ' inquiries by pointing them to Halperin 's verbal and written apologies . White House spokesman Jay Carney called the remark "  inappropriate " and said he had "  expressed that sentiment to executives at the network . " "  I have no comment on that , whatever action that network -- any network , any newspaper , whatever -- might take , because that 's not for us to decide , " Carney told reporters . The exchange began as the show 's host , former Republican Rep. Joe Scarborough , questioned whether Obama 's Wednesday criticism of GOP leaders was merely "  showmanship " ahead of tough negotiations over raising the federal debt ceiling . "  Are we on the seven-second delay today ? " Halperin asked . "  I wanted to characterize how I thought the president behaved . " He was told the delay was in place , with co-host Mika Brzezinski telling him , "  Go for it . " Scarborough added , "  I 'm behind you . You fall down , I 'm going to catch you . " Halperin then said , "  I thought he was kind of a d -- k yesterday , " as Scarborough and Brzezinski responded with a combination of shock and laughter . "  Oh my God . Delay that . Delay that . What are you doing ? " Scarborough said . "  I ca n't believe you . I was joking . Do n't do that . Did we delay that ? " Told later that the delay had n't worked , Halperin noted the remark "  may have ended my career . " After a break , he said he was sorry for the comment . "  This is not a pro forma apology , " he said . "  This is an absolute apology , heartfelt , to the president and to the viewers . I became part of the joke , but that 's no excuse . I made a mistake , and I 'm sorry and I should n't have said it . " CNN 's Jordana Ossad contributed to this report .	NEW : Hosts told commentator he was on delay , "  Go for it " Time columnist Mark Halperin has been kicked off MSNBC indefinitely He has delivered both on-air and written apologies for the remark
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama said Wednesday that he and outgoing Attorney General Eric Holder are "  not going to let up " in the effort to solve the problem of racial tensions that exists between law enforcement officers and minorities in communities nationwide . Obama 's remarks came soon after a grand jury decided not to indict a white police officer in the July chokehold death of Eric Garner , an unarmed black man . "  It is incumbent upon all of us as Americans regardless of race , region , faith -- that we recognize this is an American problem and not just a black problem or a brown problem or a native American problem -- this is an American problem when anybody in this country is not being treated equally under the law that 's a problem and it 's my job as president to help solve it , " Obama said at the sixth annual White House Tribal Nations Conference . Obama said he had just spoken to Attorney General Eric Holder and "  we are not going to let up until we see a strengthening of the trust and a strengthening of accountability that exists between our communities and law enforcement . " The Justice Department is investigating the circumstances surrounding Garner 's death and whether civil rights were violated , law enforcement sources tell CNN . The investigation has been quietly proceeding for several months . Holder formally announced the investigation during an event at the Justice Department Wednesday evening . "  This afternoon , I spoke with the widow of Eric Garner to inform her and her family of our decision to investigate potential federal civil rights violations , " Holder said . "  I 've also been in touch with President Obama , as well as Mayor de Blasio regarding our decision . Prosecutors will conduct an independent , thorough , fair and expeditious investigation . In addition to performing our own investigative work , the department will conduct a complete review of the material gathered during the local investigation . " Obama also said law enforcement must improve training and become more accountable in order to strengthen relations within local communities . "  We are going to take specific steps to improve the training and the work with state and local government when it comes to policing in communities of color , " Obama said . "  We are going to be scrupulous in investigating cases where we are concerned about the partiality and accountability that 's taking place . " Rep. Peter King thanks Staten Island grand jury for ` doing justice ' The President also said that unlike the recent tragedy in Ferguson , Missouri , video evidence of the police 's confrontation with Garner exists . The New York delegation also spoke out today about taking action in light of the non-guilty verdict , with New York Sen. Chuck Schumer calling for the Justice Department to launch a federal investigation into Eric Garner 's death "  as soon as possible . " New York Rep. Charlie Rangel also said at a press conference that he hopes the Justice Department will "  take this cancer and cut it out once and for all . " Evan Perez contributed to this report UPDATE : This story was updated to include additional information	President Barack Obama vowed to "  not let up " his effort to rebuild trust between police and minority communities The Justice Department is investigating the circumstances of Eric Garner 's death , sources tell CNN
CNN  -- The Christmas Day airline terror alert has brought focus on PETN , a substance till now largely unknown to the public . The white powder is said to be central to the alleged plot by Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab to bring down a passenger aircraft , carrying 300 passengers , as it prepared to land in Detroit . But just what is PETN ? What does PETN look like ? Pentaerythritol tetranitrate , to give it its full name , is a fine white powder that resembles sugar or salt . It does not compress down very well . How easy is to obtain ? The core chemical in PETN is hard to make or get your hands on . How volatile is PETN ? Not very . Although it is an explosive , you have to hammer it or ignite it to make it go off . And since it is not volatile , it is perfect for a terrorist on a long haul flight . As Sidney Alford , a UK explosives expert , explained to CNN 's senior international correspondent Nic Robertson : "  It would n't go off accidentally . If I was carrying a pocketful of just neat powder in my pocket , it blowing up would be the last of my worries . " How much PETN did alleged bomber AbdulMutallab possess ? Sources familiar with the investigation tell CNN the working assumption is that AbdulMutallab may have had some 80 grams of PETN . Alford says that this would be enough to blow a hole in an aircraft . What will PETN do when ignited ? Alford conducted a controlled explosion of a sample of PETN for CNN . Six grams of PETN -- less than a tenth of what AbdulMutallab is alleged to have had in his possession -- punched a large circular dent into a metal plate twice the thickness of an aircraft fuselage . Alford said that he would usually expect six grams to punch a hole through the plate . He said it failed to happen on this occasion because half of the PETN burnt off before the explosion itself ; also thick ice under the plate would have softened the impact of the blast . AbdulMutallab is said to have had much more than six grams . But , it is alleged , he did n't have the expertise to detonate it . How easy is PETN to conceal ? CNN understands that alleged bomber AbdulMutallab was wearing explosives in the groin area . The appearance of PETN makes it easy to imagine how it can be stitched into clothing hidden around the body . Alford says that it is possible to sew PETN into a set of underpants . "  I 've done it , " he says , "  no problem at all . " He also added : "  A great potential advantage of powdered PETN is that it could look like a wide range of substances or be disguised as even more -- whereas plastic explosives do look suspiciously like plastic explosives . " Given its appearance and ability to be concealed , PETN is a challenge for airport security officials to detect through usual means such as a metal detector . A statement attributed to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , dated Saturday and published Monday on radical Islamist Web sites , claimed responsibility for the attempted terrorist attack . It said it tested "  new kind of explosives " in the alleged plot and hailed the fact that the explosives "  passed through security . " "  There was a technical problem that resulted in a non-complete explosion , " the message said . Why did the PETN that AbdulMutallab allegedly possessed fail to explode ? Alford believes the only reason lives were spared this time is because the alleged bomber 's lack of training meant he could n't detonate the bomb . That means he probably did not make it . As Alford explains : "  On the one hand he 's been given a high value substance . On the other hand he 's been left to his own efforts . "  I would expect someone knowledgeable and disciplined enough to make PETN would have been equally careful and assiduous in his means of initiating it . " CNN 's Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	PETN is a white powder which is hard to ignite but easy to conceal Explosives expert : Amount found on alleged bomber would be more than enough to make a hole in a plane It 's alleged Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab tried to detonate PETN on passenger aircraft Al Qaeda blames "  non-complete explosion " on "  technical problem "
A train crash in Santiago de Compostela , Spain , that killed at least 80 people and injured 178 more Wednesday poses many questions for investigators , who are homing in on what role the train 's speed may have played in the crash . The issue of high-speed rail may raise more questions for the public at large , specifically in the United States , where high-speed trains are rare . Here are some basics on this speedy mode of transportation : What is high-speed rail ? It depends where you are , but the International Union of Railways says the term is reserved for systems  not just trains  designed for speeds of more than 250 kph  155 mph  if the lines are new and speeds up to 220 kph  137 mph  if the lines are upgraded . Certain trains in China and the European Union can exceed 300 kph  186 mph  , while a handful around the world can top 400 kph  249 mph  . The term can also be used for trains that move at speeds between 110 kph and 180 kph  68 mph to 112 mph  in certain circumstances , such as the need to avoid "  noise and nuisance , " or the need to traverse long tunnels or bridges . How is high-speed rail different from nation to nation ? As stated above , China and the EU have trains that can exceed 300 kph  186 mph  , which means , in China , trains can zip between Beijing and Wuhan in about five hours . The regular train route takes twice as long , and you 'd be lucky to finish the journey in a car in 13 hours . In Japan , the Shinkansen bullet trains typically travel at between 270 kph  169 mph  and 320 kph  199 mph  , while Korea Train Express cars can travel up to 305 kph  190 mph  . In March , Korea 's HEMU-430X hit a speed of 421.4 kph  261.8 mph  in a test run , making Korea the fourth country -- behind France , China and Japan -- to develop a train capable of topping 420 kph  261 mph  . Spain has high-speed trains , known as AVEs , that move at speeds up to 310 kph  193 mph  , according to Railway Gazette , but the train involved in this week 's wreck was not an AVE. It had a max speed of 250 kph  155 mph  . Is high-speed rail available in the United States ? Amtrak operates a service in the northeastern United States called Acela Express that is capable of speeds up to 241 kph  150 mph  and can travel between New York City and Washington in about 96 minutes . Other stops on the route include Boston , Philadelphia , Baltimore and New Haven , Connecticut . Responding to critics who say Acela is too slow and too infrequently reaches its top speed , Amtrak announced in September that it plans to run test trains at 266 kph  165 mph  in Delaware , Maryland , New Jersey , Rhode Island and Massachusetts . What does the future hold for high-speed rail in the U.S. ? Early in the Obama administration , federal transportation officials called on states to spend money to develop faster rail systems using existing lines . The plan identified 10 potential high-speed corridors for federal funding , and the White House proposed spending $ 53 billion over 25 years to create the national network . Among the corridors : California , the Pacific Northwest , the Midwest , the Southeast , the Gulf Coast , Pennsylvania , Florida , New York and New England . The blueprint envisioned some trains traveling at top speeds of more than 150 mph . But there have been many snafus . In 2010 , Transportation Secretary Roy LaHood redirected $ 810 million from Wisconsin and $ 400 million from Ohio after those states ' governors cited opposition to the projects . The tussle over budget cuts further hampered funding in 2011 . That same year , Florida Gov. Rick Scott rejected a plan to run high-speed rail between Tampa and Orlando  and eventually spread to Miami and Jacksonville  . Florida subsequently lost $ 2.4 billion in federal funding , and 24 states submitted requests for portions of Florida 's allotted money . In California , billions of federal dollars were pledged for high-speed rail , and voters OK 'd $ 9 billion in bonds for a bullet train between San Diego and San Francisco , but the project has been set back by myriad issues . Are there safeguards in place in the U.S. that would help prevent a disaster like the one in Spain ? Yes . In fact , those safety regulations may be at the core of why it 's difficult for high-speed rail to proliferate in the United States . According to a June report from the Competitive Enterprise Institute , a libertarian think tank , the Federal Railroad Administration "  has strict crash safety regulation for passenger railcars which trains in Europe -- where passenger rail is well established and remarkably safe -- do not have to meet . " While the U.S. requires the undercarriage of a train to withstand 800,000 pounds of force without "  permanent deformation , " Europe designs "  trains to gracefully deform in a controlled manner " so that crumple zones absorb the energy of the crash , an approach known as crash-energy management . The "  buff-strength " for European trains is 337,200 pounds of force , according to the think tank . The FRA has other requirements not present in European safety regulations , including requiring that the end of the train have the resistive strength of a half-inch plate of steel and an "  anti-climbing mechanism " that prevents train cars from telescoping and mounting each other . "  The requirements force Amtrak and transit authorities across the country to purchase custom-made trains that are unnecessarily expensive , underperform and do not meet the best safety practices of the rest of the world , " the CEI report said .	High-speed rail can range in speed from 110 kph to more than 300 kph Some countries have trains that can exceed speeds of 420 kph  261 mph Train involved in Spain crash was not the country 's fastest class of train White House has pushed for high-speed rail , but plans beset with problems
CNN  -- A jury in Arkansas convicted evangelist Tony Alamo on Friday of 10 federal counts of taking minors across state lines for sex , according to the court in the Western District in Arkansas . Evangelist Tony Alamo was convicted of all 10 counts against him and will be sentenced later . Authorities in September charged Alamo , the 74-year-old founder and leader of Tony Alamo Christian Ministries , and raided his 15-acre compound near Texarkana , Arkansas . Jurors reached the verdict after more than eight hours of deliberations . Each count carries a maximum sentence of 10 years . Between March 1994 and October 2005 , Alamo transported five girls younger than 18 across state lines for sex , according to the indictment . The criminal complaint included accounts from three of the girls , two of whom were 17 when the complaint was filed last year and one who was 14 . All three said Alamo sexually abused them . Alamo , whose real name is Bernie Hoffman , had denied all wrongdoing . In a phone interview last year with CNN , he called the accusations a hoax . "  They 're just trying to make our church look evil ... by saying I 'm a pornographer . Saying that I rape little children . ... I love children . I do n't abuse them . Never have . Never will . " Asked why authorities were searching the property , Alamo compared himself to Christ . "  Why were they after Jesus , " he asked . "  It 's the same reason . Jesus is living within me . " Alamo also has compounds in Oklahoma and New Jersey . The Southern Poverty Law Center says Tony Alamo Christian Ministries is anti-Catholic and a cult .	Jury convicts Tony Alamo of all 10 counts against him He was accused of transporting minors across state lines for sex Alamo , whose real name is Bernie Hoffman , heads Tony Alamo Ministries
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Ohio congressman David Hobson is the latest Republican to announce his exit from the House of Representatives , telling constituents Sunday he would step down in 2008 after nine terms . Rep. David Hobson , shown in February , was the lone Republican on Rep. Nancy Pelosi 's Mideast trip this year . Hobson , 71 , is a senior member of the House Appropriations subcommittee that oversees the Pentagon . He has represented his district , which includes parts of the Dayton and Columbus areas , since 1991 . His fellow Ohio Republican , House Minority Leader John Boehner , praised his "  effective leadership and dry wit " in a statement issued Sunday evening . "  During the remainder of his term , I am certain that Dave will continue to represent his constituents with the same energy and dedication that have been the trademarks of his tenure in the U.S. House , " Boehner said . "  I look forward to continuing our close work over these next 14 months , and when the 111th Congress begins , I 'll be eager to work beside a new Republican from Ohio 's 7th District . " Hobson is the 12th GOP House member to announce retirement ahead of the 2008 elections , when the Republican Party will be seeking to reclaim the congressional majorities it lost to Democrats in 2006 . Another Republican representative , New Mexico 's Heather Wilson , has said she will run for the Senate seat being given up by Sen. Pete Domenici -- one of five Republicans retiring from the Senate in 2008 rather than seeking a new term . "  Ohio 's 7th Congressional District is a strong Republican seat that will continue to elect candidates that fight to keep taxes low , the economy strong and the nation secure , " said Rep. Tom Cole , the chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee . "  We will be working with local activists and party leaders to send a candidate that fights for those same values back to Congress in 2008 . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jessica Yellin and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Rep. David Hobson tells constituents he will step down in 2008 after nine terms Hobson is a senior member of a House Appropriations defense subcommittee GOP will be seeking to reclaim the congressional majorities it lost in 2006
CNN  -- Miley Cyrus . Robin Thicke . Blake Shelton . New Year 's Eve 2013 on TV looked a lot like the year itself . Celebs were all over TV ringing in 2014 with performances . It was n't a "  Wrecking Ball , " but Cyrus sang before the ball dropped on "  Dick Clark 's New Year 's Rockin ' Eve with Ryan Seacrest " on ABC . Clad in a gold sequined outfit and a furry coat , Cyrus joked that "  This is the most clothes I 've been in in 2013 . " She was joined on the show with Thicke , who also performed , as well as several other musical acts including Icona Pop and Macklemore and Ryan Lewis . "  The View 's " Jenny McCarthy co-hosted with Seacrest on the show that after more than 40 years has been a New Year 's Eve institution . Earlier Seacrest joked that he 'd be watching Cyrus and her crazy antics . "  This is a ball she can not touch , " Seacrest said . "  This one she can not . She 's not allowed to . But she can be standing under it when it goes down , when it drops . " Over on NBC , "  The Voice " judge Blake Shelton teamed up with that show 's host , Carson Daly , for "  New Year 's Eve With Carson Daly . " Shelton was one of the performers joining a roster that included "  American Idol " judge Mariah Carey . CNN once again featured the antics of Anderson Cooper and comedienne Kathy Griffin , live from Times Square in New York City . Before the festivities , Griffin had sent Cooper a topless pic of herself , threatening to also appear that way on the show . While that did n't come to pass , she offered plenty of ribbing of her co-host , including teasing Cooper that Ryan Seacrest was so rich "  He could come up here and purchase you right now . " "  You do realize you 'll never live up to your mother , right ? " Griffin told Cooper , referring to his mother , Gloria Vanderbilt . "  I just need to say that . " Cooper got off a few zingers of his own , telling Griffin , "  I roll deep . I know Mackelmore . " Other networks that also offered programming to ring out 2013 included the Mario Lopez-hosted "  New Year 's Eve Live " on Fox where rapper J.Cole and Panic ! At the Disco performed and "  BET : 106 & Party : New Year 's Eve 2013 " which featured Trey Songz and ASAP Rocky .	There were plenty of celebs on TV New Year 's Eve Ryan Seacrest hosted "  Dick Clark 's New Year 's Rocking Eve " Kathy Griffin and Anderson Cooper teased each other on CNN
CNN  -- When freelance journalist Steven Sotloff disappeared during a reporting trip to Syria in August 2013 , his family kept the news a secret . Families of hostages are frequently advised to do this by security firms . The abduction of Sotloff , who was beheaded Tuesday -- according to a video released by the terror group , ISIS -- has been international news since Sotloff was seen at the end of another video published last month by the Islamic extremist group . After journalist James Foley was shown with his head cut off , the video 's narrator indicated that Sotloff would be killed if President Barack Obama did not cease U.S. airstrikes against ISIS . "  I 've known Steve was missing for the past year -- the problem is , he was a low-profile freelance journalist -- his family did n't want anyone in the media talking about Steve because they were afraid of retaliation , " said Emerson Lotzia , who lived with Sotloff in college . "  If any old friends asked me about Steve over the past year , I 'd just say I had n't seen him in a long time . " Sotloff 's mother last week issued an emotional plea for her son 's release . She directed her message to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . Lotzia said he has been in touch with Sotloff 's father , Art , and before Tuesday 's news of Sotloff 's killing , last month 's video "  was the first time his dad and family have heard anything about Steve since last December . " Out of public view , the family and a number of government agencies tried to gain Sotloff 's release for the past year . U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , who represents the district where the family lives , said that she had met with the family in Miami and spoken with them by phone . "  My office has contacted the relevant agencies , departments and even organizations with connections on the ground in Syria to try to get answers for the Sotloff family , " Ros-Lehtinen said . "  This is a tragic situation and we have seen that -LSB- ISIS -RSB- has no respect for human life . " Sotloff , 31 , grew up in South Florida with his mother , father and younger sister . He attended high school at a New England boarding school , Kimball Union in New Hampshire . The school described him in a statement as "  an active and involved student whose interest in journalism was evident early on . " Not only was Sotloff credited with revitalizing the student newspaper , he participated in myriad extracurricular activities , including student council , varsity football and rugby . He also appeared in the musical , "  Cabaret , " the school said . After graduation , he kept in touch with school faculty and sent e-mails detailing the events to which he bore witness . "  It was important to him that Kimball Union students were exposed to world issues like the Arab Spring . Steven wrote that Kimball Union had prepared him to see the world through different lenses and to commit to using what he learned to help others , " the school statement said . After high school , he majored in journalism at the University of Central Florida . His personal Facebook page lists musicians such as the Dave Matthews Band , Phish , Miles Davis and movies "  Lawrence of Arabia " and "  The Big Lebowski " as favorites . On his Twitter page , he playfully identifies himself as a "  stand-up philosopher from Miami . " Lotzia met Sotloff when they were both starting college in 2002 . He described Sotloff as "  someone you want in your circle of friends -- just a good , good guy . " He reminisced about "  epic video game battles at our apartment " -- usually NCAA football or other sports games . In 2004 , Sotloff left UCF and moved back to the Miami area . "  I think he was at a crossroads of life , " Lotzia said . "  He talked about wanting to go over to the Middle East . " He graduated from another college , began taking Arabic classes and subsequently picked up freelance writing work for a number of publications , including Time , Foreign Policy , World Affairs and the Christian Science Monitor . His travels took him to Yemen , Saudi Arabia , Qatar , Turkey and Syria , among other countries . "  He 's an incredible writer , " said Tim Smith , another college friend who kept in touch with him via Facebook over the years . "  I know reporting on an international level is what he always wanted to do . " Ashley Burns , who edited some of Sotloff 's work for their college newspaper , said that out of all the people he met through the newspaper , he wished he had followed Sotloff 's work more in recent years . "  He writes with incredible passion , about Benghazi and his experiences in Syria and Turkey , while showing an incredible relationship with -- and understanding of -- the people that he met in the countries that he has worked in , " Burns said . "  He has seen things I 'll never see , and his courage is incredible . " Karisa Workman , who taught Sotloff in a UCF oral communication class a decade ago , said she remembered him well . "  He was genuinely interested in his classmates ' speeches , " she said . "  In fact , he often asked follow-up questions to the student speeches . In retrospect , he was a journalist even in the classroom . " Another college friend , Danielle Montoya , said she remembered him as a quiet guy who was loyal to his friends . "  I remember Emerson had a show on the UCF radio station focused on sports talk , and not a lot of people would call in when they were getting the show started up , " she said . "  Steve would call in to support him and ask questions so the show was at least a little entertaining to listen to . " Montoya said she thought Sotloff 's effort "  says something about his character to support his buddy 's ambition . " Beheading of American journalist James Foley recalls past horrors Opinion : Foley is a reminder why freelance reporting is so dangerous CNN 's Lawrence Crook contributed to this report .	NEW : Steven Sotloff 's "  interest in journalism was evident , " school says Sotloff 's family and friends had to keep his disappearance a secret Sotloff life threatened in an ISIS video of James Foley 's murder Friends describe his "  incredible " gift for writing on international issues
