CNN  -- You do n't have to be a motorcycle enthusiast to be wowed by the custom bikes created by Paul Teutul Sr. and his sons as seen on the Discovery Network 's "  American Chopper " for a decade and now airing on CMT 's "  Orange County Choppers . " Teutul , or "  Senior " as he 's called , left the U.S. Merchant Marine and eventually opened his first business , called "  Paul 's Welding , " according to the Orange County Choppers website . After he grew his welding shop into a 30-employee business called "  Iron Works , " his passion for customizing motorcycles grew in leaps and bounds . But a constant companion on Senior 's ride was alcohol . "  Back in the day , I kinda started early drinking and getting high , " he says . "  If drinking was in the Olympics , I would have been a gold medalist . " But he also says he thought he would grow out of what he now recognizes as addiction . That did n't happen . "  What it does is it gets progressively worse , and I think that I finally got to the point where it kinda just took over my life completely , " he says . Teutul says there 's a long history of alcoholism in his family : "  My uncle was an alcoholic , my mother was an alcoholic . And you know -- most of them died from that . " Eventually , he realized everything he had built was at risk if things did n't change . "  I was fortunate -- in 1985 , I was running a business , I had a small wielding shop , and I just got lucky , " he says . I went to a 12-step program and then I just kept going . " Just because he stopped drinking , however , did n't mean his buddies did . "  It 's tough when you 're not drinking and you 've got two people on either side of you in a truck knocking down shots of Black Velvet  whiskey  and drinking beers and you 're in the middle . " It was n't easy , he says . For nine years straight , he was afraid to miss a meeting . "  It did take me two years before I was n't thirsty anymore . " He says he does n't go to meetings these days and that he never feels like drinking . But Teutul says given his past experience , he will not drink again . Senior just celebrated 29 years of sobriety , which he describes as "  quite the trip . " "  When you get sober , you put things in play and they happen , " he says . "  You think a lot clearer . Your whole attitude changes , you kinda learn how to live all over again , which is a tough thing by itself . " And it 's a message he continues to share . "  My life 's an open book , "  says Teutul . "  I know people that had problems and I think that I 've been a power of example to them . I 've heard from people that they 've turned their lives around from me sharing my experience , so it 's all good . I do n't have a problem with sharing anything . "	Paul Teutul Sr. appears on "  Orange County Choppers " He says alcohol "  took over my life completely " Teutul , known as Senior , has been sober for 29 years
CNN  -- In anticipation of what mini monarch-to-be Prince George of Cambridge will wear in the spotlight , the Museum of London is displaying baby clothes and booties of former royal babies as part of a new exhibit . The small display , titled "  A Royal Arrival , " is free to visitors until October 2013 . Click through the gallery above for a sneak peek into the exhibit . See complete coverage of the royal baby	The Museum of London displays clothing worn by members of the royal family A curator says memorabilia links the royal baby to more than 400 years of history Royal garb is on display from King Charles I , George III and Edward VII Follow CNN Living on Facebook and Twitter
CNN  -- There are plenty of country songs about how to be a man . One way is to face the music , and two country crooners did that on Thursday . Ty Herndon and Billy Gilman came out as being gay . Herdon went first , in interviews with People Magazine and Entertainment Tonight . His revelation inspired Gilman to do go public as well . Gilman posted a message to YouTube , thanking Herndon for breaking the ice . He preferred telling his fans directly , from the comfort of home , to sitting down with the press , he said . But an encounter with a journalist also prodded him to spill the beans before someone else did . The reporter bumped into Gilman in a public place and snapped a photo of him -- with his partner . "  It was in that moment that I knew that I 'd rather it be from me than you reading it somewhere else , " Gilman told fans . He also feared being ripped over his sexuality in an article . Country and LGBTQ In the genre of country , Thursday 's tune was a tough one to sing , Gilman said . "  Being a gay , male country artist is not the best thing . " At age 26 , he 's had a long career , having rocketed up the charts at age 11 with his then silky , pre-voice-change alto pipes , according to his biography on AllMusic.com . But currently , he 's hitting snags . Rumors about his sexual orientation have been going around , he said , and he thinks major music labels may have thumbed their noses at him over it . "  I knew something was wrong when no major label wanted to sit down and have a meeting and listen to the new stuff , " he said . In his video , he turned directly to fans with his latest song , giving them a preview on his laptop of the music video to "  Say you Will , " which is still in edit . Facing fans on Monday "  Today , I get to tell the world that I 'm an out , proud and happy gay man , " he told "  People . " But he 's worried how fans will take the news . He may find out in just three days , when he performs at the "  Mother Church of Country Music , " the Ryman Auditorium . It 's home to the Grand Ole Opry . Herndon is playing a Christmas charity bash for children in need along with Charlie Daniels , Phil Vassar , Andy Griggs and Jamie O'Neal . The Ryman has said the concert would be sold out . Herndon , 52 , is hopeful he wo n't face outrage , because he thinks attitudes are changing in the country scene . Singer Chely Wright came out in 2010 and the open-minded Kacey Musgraves has a song titled "  Follow Your Arrow " that was just named the Country Music Association song of the year . "  I felt so proud of my city , " he said . "  I hope that trend continues ; I pray it does . " Faith and fear As a child , Herndon , a devout Christian , was stricken with fear over his sexual feelings . "  I was 10 , sitting in church and horrified that I might be a homosexual . Whatever that word meant , I knew that I probably was one , " Herndon told "  People . " "  And I know there 's a lot of those kids still out there . Telling my story is an opportunity to help just one of them . " He started coming out to family members in his 20s . But the "  What Mattered Most " singer , who had a number of hits in the 1990s , kept the news close to the vest . It was n't until he attended a Tony Robbins seminar in 2009 that he decided to become more public , he told the magazine . "  I realized I had an incredible story that could possibly help someone 's son or daughter or grandchild 's life not be as difficult as mine has been , " he said . "  Maybe they would n't have to go through as much pain and suffering . It 's time to tell my truth . " Dropping hints ? Some of the conflict between Herndon 's sexuality and his faith bled through a song he published last year -- "  Lies I Told Myself . " A sign with the word "  Equality " has the most prominent place in the music video . "  Yeah , praying 's just a waste of time , so why even start , " the last verse begins . "  The good Lord ai n't got time for guys like me . Forgiven 's something you wo n't ever be . " A handwritten sign appears in that verse . It reads , "  I 'm a sinner . " Herndon has since reconciled who he is with God , he said . He loves God , and God loves him back . One of the lies he told himself , he said to "  Entertainment Tonight , " was that he ca n't be gay and be in country music at the same time . Now , he thinks that 's not true .	Herndon broke the news first with interviews with "  People " and "  ET " That inspired Gilman , but an encounter with a reporter also gave him a push Gilman fears Nashville is giving him the cold shoulder over his sexual orientation Herndon is also worried , but thinks things are changing for the better in the scene
CNN  -- The surgeon who operated Wednesday on cyclist Lance Armstrong after he fractured his collarbone declared the procedure a success , but one that will require two to three months of healing . Lance Armstrong 's doctor says he used a plate and 12 inch-long screws to stabilize the fractured bone . "  Surgery was tough , but went well , " said Dr. Douglas Elenz , an orthopedic surgeon in Austin , Texas , who performed the three-hour procedure two days after Armstrong fractured his collarbone into four pieces during a race in Spain . The multiple breaks "  made treatment more challenging , but we 're confident that the treatment performed today is going to be successful , " he said . Elenz said he used a 4 - to 5-inch plate that he attached with 12 inch-long screws to stabilize the fractured bone . Armstrong , 37 , was to be released later in the day . On a scale of one to 10 rating the difficulty of the operation , Elenz said he would pin it down at eight . Elenz was noncommittal regarding when Armstrong can return to racing . Watch more about the crash " "  We are just taking it day by day , week by week , month by month . Every fracture is unique . Each time I go to treat one , something is different . " During the next week , Armstrong "  will need to take it easy " to ensure the wound does not become infected , the doctor said . After his wound has healed , Armstrong will begin using an exercise bike to train his lower body , "  but we wo n't let him do a whole lot with his upper extremities , " Elenz said . "  After several weeks , we can take his training to the street , but we will need to take that day by day and week by week . " Over the longer term , Elenz will be looking for evidence that Armstrong is laying down new bone , that the plate is stable , that the athlete 's arm is strong and that his motion is fluid , he said . "  His pain will give us insight on how well he is healing , " the sports specialist said . "  It will take eight to 12 weeks to heal completely . But we are going to have to push the envelope a bit to have him train before he is completely healed . " Armstrong was riding for Team Astana when he crashed about 10 miles  16 kilometers  from the end of the first stage of the five-day Vuelta Ciclista a Castilla y Leon race . Watch how Armstrong ` tweets ' about his crash " He has never before broken a collarbone in his 17 years as a professional . The crash took down several riders , but only Armstrong was hurt . As they came within a few miles of the finish , Armstrong said , racers started picking up speed and jockeying for position . "  It happens quick when it happens , " he said . "  It could have been worse . " Armstrong announced last year that he was returning to competitive biking and would use the Spanish race as a warm-up for the Tour de France , which he won seven times before announcing his retirement in 2005 . He also had planned to race May 9-31 in the Giro d'Italia , one of Europe 's most prestigious and grueling stage races . This would have been the second comeback of his career . His first came in 1998 , two years after he was diagnosed with advanced testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs and brain . Doctors gave him a less than 50 percent chance of survival . CNN 's Danielle Dellorto contributed to this story .	Multiple breaks in collarbone "  made treatment more challenging , " doctor says After wound heals , Armstrong will use exercise bike to train lower body Doctor noncommittal on when Armstrong can return to racing Armstrong fractures collarbone in crash at race that was to mark second comeback
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Israel 's foreign minister Tuesday denied that an American-Israeli law student being held as a spy in Egypt worked for Israeli intelligence . Avigdor Lieberman has no idea why Ilan Grapel , 27 , should be detained , he told Israel Radio . Grapel was apprehended Sunday and ordered held for 15 days on suspicion of spying for Israel , said Adel Saeed , a spokesman for Egypt 's general prosecutor . Grapel was taken into custody in a five-star hotel in downtown Cairo , Saeed said Sunday . Grapel 's mother said he had been staying at a $ 9-a-night youth hostel . Israeli diplomats visited Grapel on Tuesday , according to Egypt 's Israeli embassy , and found him to be in good health . Israel continues working for Grapel 's release , the embassy said . Grapel 's mother denied Monday that her son was involved in espionage , saying : "  Law students do n't have time to be spies . " "  There is no chance he 's a spy , " Irene Grapel said from her home in New York . Her son , a former paratrooper in the Israel Defense Forces , holds dual U.S.-Israeli citizenship . He worked briefly for St. Andrew 's Refugee Services in Cairo , said its assistant director Fiona Cameron . "  Ilan Grapel worked for us for four days last week . We were unaware of his dual citizenship or of his military record , " she told CNN Tuesday , saying he had been "  thoroughly vetted before he came , though obviously not thoroughly enough . " The organization had "  no reason to be suspicious of his activities " for the four days he 'd been with them , she said . She learned of Grapel 's detention from his friends when she called them to ask why he had n't shown up for work , she said . Cameron said St. Andrew 's had been "  pro-actively in touch with the Egyptian authorities " about his case . St. Andrew 's Refugee Services seeks to help "  the isolated and vulnerable refugee communities in Egypt to come together for empowerment , education , community development and social services , " according to its website . Grapel is a rising third-year student at Emory University School of Law in Atlanta , school officials said Monday in a statement . "  We are in touch with his family and are working with them to provide support and assistance , " it said . He is involved in the Emory Public Interest Committee as well as Emory Law 's Pro Bono program , working with Student Legal Services , it said . He traveled May 10 to Cairo to volunteer at St. Andrews , his mother said . Though Grapel was working without pay , he received a public-service grant from Emory , which has no link to the organization , his mother said . Grapel 's IDF work could have been what led Egyptian authorities to focus on him , his mother said . "  He loves the Arab culture . He loves the Arab religion , " she said . Grapel speaks Arabic , which he studied at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore , and he spent his junior year at Ben Gurion University in Israel . "  He gravitates toward Arabic-speaking students on campus so he can speak with them , simply to use the language , " Irene Grapel said . She said she spoke Monday morning with her son , who told her he was being held at a security center in Cairo . Saeed , the general prosecutor spokesman , said Grapel had participated in the Lebanon war of 2006 and was relieved of field combat duties after being injured . Investigators had been following his activities for months , Saeed said . The Israeli government allegedly sent Grapel to Egypt after the January 25 revolution to take advantage of the security vacuum that then existed by recruiting others to provide the Israelis with military and political information , Saeed said . The revolution forced former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak from power ; he stepped down February 11 . The suspect , who was present at most of the protests , tried to incite sectarian violence between Muslims and Christians and encouraged demonstrators to engage in violence against the military , Saeed said . His goal was to foment chaos between the Egyptian people and the military , Saeed said . The supreme state security prosecutor has questioned Grapel , and the general prosecutor will announce the results of the investigation when it is complete , Saeed said . Egyptian newspapers carried the story on their front pages Monday alongside photos of Grapel republished from his Facebook account . "  Egypt arrests Israeli Intelligence Officer , a big blow to the Israeli Mossad Intelligence Agency , " one headline said . Egypt and Israel signed a peace treaty in 1979 . The United States has been granted consular access to Grapel and is following the investigation to determine the exact charges , the State Department said Monday . "  We 've confirmed that he was in good health , Mr. Grapel 's family is aware of his arrest , and refer you to the government of Egypt for details on the charges against him , " State Department spokesman Mark Toner said Monday . The Egyptian authorities provided the United States with "  almost immediate consular access " to Grapel , Toner said . "  Our function , as they would in that case of any American citizen held overseas , is to provide them with consular services , work with local authorities to make sure he 's being treated fairly under local law , provide information about the local legal system and facilitate communication with his family and friends . " CNN 's Diana Magnay , Paul Colsey , Kevin Flower , Jamie Crawford and Tom Watkins and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : Israeli diplomats visited Ilan Grapel on Tuesday The aid agency Ilan Grapel was working for says it had no reason to be suspicious Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman says he has no idea why Grapel was detained The law student and former Israeli paratrooper was apprehended and questioned Sunday
CNN  Gunshots were fired at rapper Lil Wayne 's tour bus early Sunday in Atlanta . No one was injured in the shooting , and no arrests have been made , Atlanta Police spokeswoman Elizabeth Espy said . Police are still looking for suspects . Officers were called to a parking lot in Atlanta 's Buckhead neighborhood , Espy said . They arrived at 3:25 a.m. and located two tour buses that had been shot multiple times . The drivers of the buses said the incident occurred on Interstate 285 near Interstate 75 , Espy said . Witnesses provided a limited description of the two vehicles suspected to be involved : a "  Corvette style vehicle " and an SUV . Lil Wayne was in Atlanta for a performance at Compound nightclub Saturday night . CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Rapper Lil Wayne not injured after shots fired at his tour bus on an Atlanta interstate , police say No one has been arrested in the shooting
It has been some rather strange three weeks in France . Since footballer Nicolas Anelka dedicated a goal to his friend , the controversial French comedian Dieudonné , by doing the comedian 's infamous trademark salute , the "  quenelle , " what some believe is a reverse Nazi salute , during a match for West Bromwich Albion , France has been talking about little else . It is as if the entire public debate has been hijacked by a comedian who , over the last 15 years , has steadily drifted towards more and more extreme behavior and inflammatory speech . Anelka 's gesture suddenly shone the light on a phenomenon that had so far been little known outside France . Now , the world knows that there is more to the "  quenelle " than the exquisite dish , a creamy mixture of fish and egg , originated from Lyon , France 's gastronomic capital . Dieudonné , 48 , started his career as a comedian in the 1990s , in a duo with Jewish Franco-Moroccan Elie Semoun . They separated in 1997 when Semoun developed a career in cinema . Dieudonné struggled to exist solo and was said to be bitter about his ex-partner 's success and fame . He then entered the realm of French politics , first of all fighting against the extreme right National Front before slowly getting closer to Marine Le Pen 's xenophobic party , alongside extremist Islamists . His shows started focusing almost exclusively on his hatred of Israel and Jews . Condemned many times by the French courts for incitement to hatred , Dieudonné publically defended Iran 's and the Hezbollah 's anti-Semitic rhetoric . Dieudonne himself , who no longer gives interviews to the mainstream media , denies that his act , or la quenelle , is anti-Semitic . He claims through his legal team to be nothing more than a comedian and the victim of unjustified attacks because he stands up for those who are excluded from French society . Each time that the manager of a theater in France has refused to let him use their premises for one of his controversial shows , Dieudonné has threatened legal action . Anelka 's public gesture has had the merit to prompt French Interior Minister Manuel Valls to action and to look into other aspects of the comedian 's personality . It was revealed that Dieudonné has been quietly investigated for money laundering and tax fraud for more than a year . Valls , interviewed on French radio Europe 1 , stated that Dieudonné was trying to declare himself bankrupt in order to avoid paying taxes and fines and that a possible case of money laundering between France and Cameroon was being closely looked at . However , what has divided France is the interior ministry 's advice to the country 's prefects to ban the comedian from performing if they deemed public order at risk . Dieudonné , at the beginning of a national tour , thus received his first ban on Thursday morning ahead of a planned performance in Nantes . His lawyer immediately appealed and an administrative court overturned the ban . The interior minister then appealed to France 's highest jurisdiction which decided to uphold the ban on Thursday evening . A similar legal wrangling is expected to take place in every town where Dieudonné is supposed to perform . French President Francois Hollande weighed in the debate , giving all his support to his Interior minister . So far , France 's public opinion and the media have been split over the issue of the ban . France may not have a First Amendment , but censorship is not considered lightly . There may be an understanding that freedom of speech stops where incitement to hatred begins and the French , in their majority , think that Dieudonné has gone much too far . However , is the ban in danger of giving publicity to Dieudonné ? His shows are now selling fast . Others , such as French philosopher Bernard Henry Levy , argue that Dieudonné ceased long ago to be an artist and that his virulent anti-Semitism should n't be seen as artistic license : "  This is not humor anymore , this is political , " he said . And why should Dieudonné be indeed treated differently than Marine Le Pen ? The French government is walking a fine line between censorship and the respect of republican values ; it looks however as if it has won the first round against racism .	The interior ministry adviced to ban a controversial comedian from performing if they deemed public order at risk France may not have a First Amendment , but censorship is not considered lightly , Poirier writes The government is walking a fine line between censorship and the respect of republican values , she says
CNN  -- Most sporting winners like to achieve champion status by proving their worth in the heat of battle but Austria 's Marcel Hirscher had the cold to thank after he was all but guaranteed a second straight overall World Cup in Switzerland on Thursday . A combination of snow , wind and fog caused the cancellation of Thursday 's super G in Lenzerheide , just a day after the downhill was scrapped for similar reasons , all of which prompted Hirscher 's chief rival Aksel Lund Svindal to withdraw from this weekend 's slalom . The Norwegian had hoped to narrow Hirscher 's lead of 149 points in the two events he excels in but Svindal 's World Cup hopes became decidedly frosty after these were canceled - since the Austrian is more adroit at the slalom . "  I see no point in competing in the slalom now , " said the overall champion in 2007 and 2009 . "  It might have been a consideration had the two races not been canceled . But that has not been the case . " Svindal 's decision to miss Sunday 's season-ending slalom means he can not overhaul Hirscher 's lead , with only 100 points awarded to the winner of any race . Slalom is not his strong point , with the 30-year-old having never done better than finish sixth in a World cup race in the discipline . Disappointed by his failure to pits his wits on the slope , the speedy Svindal was nonetheless quick to praise Hirscher -- classifying the Austrian in the same bracket as some of the best skiers in history . "  He had a fantastic season , worthy of great skiers of the past like  Sweden 's Ingemar  Stenmark or  Italy 's Alberto  Tomba , " added the Norwegian . Even though he was disappointed by the cancellation of Thursday 's races , the move did confirm Svindal as the winner of this year 's super G . The day went badly for organizers with an initial delay of over three hours for bad weather followed by another postponement after the first racer , Gauthier de Tessieres , fell in high winds . Nine racers managed to finish despite the gusting winds before Kroell , last year 's downhill World Cup winner , crashed at the same spot as De Tessieres fell before being flown to hospital after 45 minutes of on course treatment for a broken shoulder . Hirscher told reporters it was difficult to celebrate his impending triumph on a day when his fellow Austrian , who received a tweet of support from his compatriot , had been so badly injured . "  Despite my young age , I 've already learned many things . In life , being slalom world champion is not the most important thing , " the 24-year-old said in philosophical fashion . "  There are things that surpass that -- such as my family , Laura  his girlfriend  , my friends and being healthy . " Tina Maze was another left with mixed emotions , despite the fact that the Slovenian took her third crystal globe of the season on Thursday , adding the super G to the overall and giant slalom cups . This came just 24 hours after she lost out on the World Cup downhill crown to America 's Lindsey Vonn in similar fashion , with bad fog canceling the race with the Slovenian trailing by just a single point . "  I do n't really like this kind of days when you do n't get the chance to show your skills on the slope , " she told the official FIS website . "  But in the end today is a good day for me , while yesterday was n't really . I 'm of course happy to secure the Super G title . I 'm really proud of my season . " "  I 'm relieved that we did n't race today . Conditions were really tough . In my opinion speed events should be canceled before one o'clock . Waiting for too long puts you in a stressful position and the risk of accidents therefore becomes higher . " Maze can add the slalom globe to her trophy cabinet on Sunday , with the action at the World Cup finals week continuing on Friday with the team parallel racing event -- weather permitting of course .	Marcel Hirscher set for second straight World Cup after bad weather cancels races again Norway 's Aksel Lund Svindal withdraws from Sunday 's slalom after cancellation of super G Women 's cancellation hands Slovenia 's Tina Maze third crystal globe of season
CNN  -- World No. 2 Novak Djokovic was on track to defend his Dubai Tennis Championship title when torrential rain , thunder and lightning halted play in Saturday 's final against Mikhail Youzhny . The Serbian led 7-5 2-0 when the heavens opened on the desert emirate and flooded the court , and after a long delay it was decided to resume play on Sunday afternoon . Top seed Djokovic won a topsy-turvy first set in 63 minutes as there were five breaks in serve overall , then rain forced a half-hour delay . He was 30-15 up in the third game against the Russian seventh seed when the weather intervened again , and umpire Mohamed Lahyani ruled that the court was too wet for further play . Workers tried to clear the water , but to no avail . Djokovic is seeking to avenge his semifinal defeat by Youzhny at the World Tennis Tournament in Rotterdam a fortnight ago and claim his 17th ATP Tour title . Youzhny lost to Robin Soderling in the Dutch final after suffering a hamstring injury , leaving him with five career titles . Meanwhile , world No. 7 Elena Dementieva will face fellow Russian Alisa Kleybanova in Sunday 's final of the inaugural Malaysian Open as she seeks to win a third title this year . Top seed Dementieva defeated Austria 's Sybille Bammer 6-3 6-1 in her semifinal on Saturday , while Kleybanova beat Japan 's Ayumi Morita 6-4 6-1 .	Novak Djokovic leads Mikhail Youzhny 7-5 2-0 in Dubai Tennis Championship final World No. 2 must wait until Sunday to complete successful defense of his title Russian seventh seed Youzhny beat Serbian in Rotterdam semifinals two weeks ago Elena Dementieva will face fellow Russian Alisa Kleybanova in Sunday 's Malaysian Open final
Washington  CNN  -- A 9-year-old boy 's request to have Israel listed as the place of birth on his U.S. passport was supported by the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday . Menachem Zivotofsky was born in Jerusalem , a disputed region in the eyes of the Obama administration , which claimed the larger issue should be resolved by bilateral negotiations , not by a 2002 federal law favoring the family and 50,000 other Americans born in the holy city . The Justice Department urged the courts to stay out of the matter . But the justices by an 8-1 vote said the courts could intervene and decide the matter . That jurisdictional barrier is now overcome and the family can continue to pursue their legal claims . The case is a classic fight between congressional and executive authority , with foreign policy the source of the current controversy . At issue before the high court were two questions , one narrow , one broad : Can courts intervene to enforce a federal law explicitly directing the State Department how to record the birthplace of an American citizen on a passport ? And does the law impermissibly infringe on the president 's power to recognize a foreign sovereign ? "  There have been 50,000 Americans in the last 10 years that were born in Jerusalem , and many of them would like to have Israel indicated as their place of birth in the passports , " Sarah Cleveland , a Columbia University Law School professor , and until recently a counselor on international law at the State Department , said in November . "  But this is also an extremely important geopolitical issue and a very sensitive foreign relations issue for the United States . " The high court case was Zivotofsky v. Clinton , but the key player in this dispute is perhaps the most famous city in the world , and one of the oldest human settlements still in existence : Jerusalem . Its name translates as "  City of Peace " to some , "  Holy Sanctuary " to others . It is Israel 's largest city and its capital , though that is not recognized by the United Nations and most of the world community . The city is home to Ari and Naomi Zivotofsky . The couple and their two oldest children were born in the United States , but the family migrated to West Jerusalem a decade ago , and in 2002 the youngest , Menachem Binyamin , was born . "  We 're very proud of the fact that he was born in Israel and that we live in Israel and it 's the modern state of Israel , " Ari Zivotofsky told CNN Correspondent Kate Bolduan last year . "  Religiously and historically , that 's very significant . " Just three weeks before Menachem was born , the United States Congress gave U.S. citizens born in Jerusalem the individual discretion to ask that Israel be listed on passports and consular reports , where it says "  Place of Birth . " President George W. Bush signed the bill , but issued an executive "  signing statement " indicating he would not comply . The law , he said "  impermissibly interferes with the president 's constitutional authority to conduct the nation 's foreign affairs and to supervise the unitary executive branch . " That law , and the Zivotofsky 's long-standing request , were at the center of the 70-minute arguments before the justices in November . "  They 're both proud American citizens but feel a very strong affinity , religiously too , to the state of Israel , " said Alyza Lewin , the Zivotofsky 's Washington-based lawyer , last year . "  Their son is very proud of the fact that he is the one sibling born in Israel . " It is not the first time the Congress and White House have clashed over the region . The U.S. Embassy remains in Tel Aviv , over U.S. lawmakers ' objections . The boy 's mother made the "  Israel " request about two months after his birth , but embassy officials refused . His passport in fact shows his round , innocent face , and "  Jerusalem " is listed as his place of birth . "  That 's been the State Department 's practice , the general rule for American citizens born abroad is that their passport lists only a country of birth , " said Lewin in November . "  So if a citizen is born for instance in Paris , it says France . If they 're born in Tel Aviv or Haifa , it says just Israel . If you 're born in Jerusalem , instead of saying the country , the city is listed -- just a city -- Jerusalem . " The attorneys for the Zivotofskys have framed their case as a modest request , one that does not implicate the president 's foreign policy power . They are asking the high court not to decide a political question , but simply tell the administration to enforce the law , for the sake of a little boy . "  It is a very personal case . What 's at stake is their deep personal pride and sense of identification with the state of Israel , and their right , given by Congress , to express that , on the passport , " said attorney Nathan Lewin , who argued the family 's case before the high court in November . "  That pride , and the national pride of others , is clearly what makes that region as much front page news as it often is . But I do n't think that this case itself is asking for any kind of broader determination than allowing these individuals that opportunity . Congress has recognized that it 's part of his self respect , that he should be able to say Israel , and that 's all that we 're asking for in this case . " The government is thinking of the bigger picture . State Department officials would not comment on the record on a pending case , but President Barack Obama has acknowledged the stalled peace process has created divisions both in that region and in the United States . "  Palestinians should know the territorial outlines of their state ; Israelis should know that their basic security concerns will be met , " he said in a May 2010 speech . "  I know that these steps alone will not resolve this conflict . Two wrenching and emotional issues remain : the future of Jerusalem , and the fate of Palestinian refugees . But moving forward now on the basis of territory and security provides a foundation to resolve those two issues in a way that is just and fair , and that respects the rights and aspirations of Israelis and Palestinians . " Choosing a home , and being able to decide what to call it may seem like a fundamental right . But nothing is so easy when Jerusalem is mentioned . The Zivotofskys say they recognize the geo-political complexity , but think in this case , in this judicial forum , the solution is simple . "  Everybody knows Jerusalem is in Israel . Why is the State Department refusing to recognize this ? " said Nathan Lewin . "  They have this fear of nonexistent hobgoblins , which has caused them to follow this policy , and it 's about time -- Congress thought it was about time -- they get rid of that policy ... all that we 're asking the Supreme Court to do is agree with Congress , that this is a foolish policy , and ought to be eliminated . "	Menachem Zivotofsky wants to list Israel as his birthplace on his U.S. passport The Justice Department has urged the courts to stay out of the matter Zivotofsky 's family is proud of the fact he was born in Israel , their attorney says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- As familiar and reassuring as the map of the world is , there is only so much that physical geography can tell us about the state of the planet . Forest loss : This cartogram shows areas where the worst deforestation occured from 1990 to 2000 . A new book , The Atlas of the Real World , has redrawn the map giving vivid new insights and bringing economic , social and environmental data to life . Not since the German meteorologist , Alfred Wegener , sketched out the first detailed theories of continental drift has the world appeared so misshapen , so otherworldly . The 366 cartograms  statistical maps  which make up the book twist , shrink and distend countries and continents into all sorts of shapes and sizes . The book and the accompanying Web site were devised by Daniel Dorling , professor of human geography at the UK 's University of Sheffield , Anna Barford , a research associate at Sheffield and Mark Newman , a professor of physics at the University of Michigan . Work on the project began in earnest in 2006 when Dorling teamed up with Newman , who had co-created a new software technique for creating equal area cartograms the year before . With the software in place , the painstaking task of assembling the data began . The information was drawn from a variety of organizations including the United Nations , the World Health Organization and the World Bank . For ease of visual comparison , territories are split into 12 geographical regions -- e.g. blue for North America , brown for Northern Africa -- and shading marks out specific countries . The range of subjects is impressive , from greenhouse gas emissions , wealth and disease to more obscure data about numbers of dentists and working tractors . John Pritchard , research assistant at University of Sheffield and part of the team working on the project , told CNN : "  I think the maps of disease are particularly shocking and bring home the scale of the problem in Africa better than a table of statistics does . " Indeed , the map of malaria deaths is striking : 94 percent of deaths from malaria occur in Africa , making the continent appear like a vast bloated blob . The rest of the world is reduced to a disparate series of veiny streaks . There are other sobering statistics to consider . In June 2008 , Principal Voices spoke to Head of Research at Oxfam GB Duncan Green about strategies to eradicate poverty . Green talked about the education being crucial to breaking the cycle of poverty , particularly for girls . The new atlas 's Girls not at Primary School cartogram graphically illustrates the lack of female education in many parts of the developing world . Team members are currently working on a map of languages and soon hope to be producing animated maps . "  We have a series of maps that show deaths at various stages , which would be particularly suited to an animation , and we now have a PhD student looking at extending the Web site , including ways of mapping flow . " Pritchard said .	The Atlas of the Real World brings economic , social and environmental data to life 366 cartograms include vivid data on disease , wealth , poverty and the environment Team are extending the collection with maps of language and developing animations
Washington  CNN  -- Former President Bill Clinton will travel to Haiti on Monday to meet with officials and deliver aid supplies to the quake-ravaged country , his foundation announced Sunday . Clinton , the U.N. special envoy to Haiti , will meet with Haitian President Rene Preval and other members of the local government as well as aid workers , to discuss how to proceed with recovery operations . The visit comes two days after President Barack Obama announced the formation of the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund , a major fundraising effort for victims of Tuesday 's earthquake led by Clinton and former President George W. Bush . In a pre-recorded interview broadcast Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union , " Bush and Clinton said the first goal of the fund is to get aid to Haiti right away to save lives . It also seeks to ensure that money keeps coming in after public attention begins to wan in the weeks and months ahead . "  For me , success is helping save lives in the short term , and then we can worry about the long-term after the situation has been stabilized , " Bush said . Clinton , who also is the U.N. special envoy to Haiti , defined success as "  setting up a network quickly to get the food , water , medicine , security and information people need . " The overall goal is to help Haiti resume "  as quickly as possible " its efforts to build a "  strong , modern society " after decades of political and social instability that made it the poorest nation in the Western Hemisphere before the earthquake , Clinton said . Officials in Haiti fear more than 100,000 people killed in the disaster . Clinton noted that Haiti already was working to overcome its problems before the latest crisis . "  They have an economic plan , " Clinton said . "  We 're going to have to amend it now , and substantially , to take account of the damage done . " Simply restoring Haiti to its impoverished state prior to the earthquake would amount to failure , Clinton said . The two predecessors to Obama as U.S. leader also said the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund  http://www.clintonbushhaitifund.org/  was intended to provide people with a safe place to continue donating money to help the Caribbean country . "  Our job it to set up a fund to make sure the compassion is still existent once the crisis gets off TV and make sure the money is wisely spent , " Bush said . That means getting the donated money quickly to organizations with experience working in Haiti , including faith-based groups and international aid groups , Bush and Clinton said . "  During these crises , all kinds of fake charities spring up that take advantage of people 's good will , " Bush said . "  We 're safe haven . We will make sure the money is accounted for and there 's transparency and properly spent . " Both Bush and Clinton noted politics should play no role in responding to the crisis , with Clinton saying : "  I hope that it will humanize us all in every aspect of our lives . " However , Clinton could n't resist a little politicking , praising the Obama administration 's response so far and noting that the president had "  extraordinary taste " in a secretary of state -- his wife , Hillary Clinton . Clinton also offered warm praise for CNN 's coverage of the Haiti earthquake . "  You made this come alive to the American people , " Clinton said . "  You put us in the skin of the Haitian people , and I 'm personally very grateful . " For Bush , his return to Washington is a welcome chance to aid a worthy cause , but nothing more . "  I frankly do n't miss the limelight , " Bush said . "  I 'm glad to help out . "	Clinton will meet with Haitian president on Monday Clinton working with former President George W. Bush on Haitian relief Clinton says relief fund will help Haiti recover after situation stabilizes Bush says fund is a place for people to make sure their donations are well-spent
Washington  CNN  -- Two videos and an audiotape of a terrorism interrogation that were found by the CIA in 2007 show September 11 suspect Ramzi Bin al-Shibh , a knowledgeable U.S. source told CNN on Tuesday . On the tapes , Bin al-Shibh is seen sitting at a desk answering questions , according to the source , who said the tapes do not show any use of "  enhanced interrogation " techniques such as waterboarding . The tapes were recorded in Morocco and found under a desk at the CIA Counterterrorism Center in Langley , Virginia , in 2007 , according to the U.S. source . An October 2007 letter from federal prosecutors to U.S. District Judge Leonie Brinkema confirmed the existence of the tapes . However , the letter did not reveal the identity of the person being interrogated . The Associated Press first reported that Bin al-Shibh was the subject in the tapes . Bin al-Shibh was captured in Pakistan in 2002 . The exact date of his interrogation on the video is unclear , but it is believed to have occurred within months of his capture . Bin al-Shibh 's lawyer , Thomas Durkin , said Tuesday that he was unaware until now that the tapes involved his client . "  I was rather dumbfounded to think that we had litigated as long as we had in Guantanamo without knowing there were tapes of Mr. Bin al-Shibh , " Durkin told CNN . Such a lack of disclosure by prosecutors in a death penalty case is "  shocking , " he said . Bin al-Shibh is one of five September 11 suspects , including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , who originally were scheduled to be tried in New York in connection with the 2001 terror attacks on the United States . According to Durkin , the status of the case is unclear because the Justice Department and the Obama administration have yet to decide where the trial will occur , after protests arose over holding it in New York City . The U.S. source noted that Bin al-Shibh has been considered mentally unstable , and Durkin said the interrogation tapes would set a "  baseline " for his client 's mental state at the time . CNN terrorism analyst Peter Bergen said Bin al-Shibh helped plan the September 11 attacks that destroyed the World Trade Center , damaged the Pentagon and killed almost 3,000 people . "  He applied for an American visa , " Bergen said Monday . "  He wanted to be one of the hijackers . He was turned down . He 's a Yemeni . He then basically assumed a quite important role in coordinating all the acts of the hijackers . He was a liaison between the hijackers in the United States and Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan . " The tapes are believed to be the only ones left that show a "  black site " interrogation in a third country . The CIA announced in 2007 that other tapes showing enhanced interrogations of suspects Abu Zubaydah and Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri were destroyed . CNN 's Dugald McConnell contributed to this story .	NEW : Source says terror suspect has been considered mentally unstable Tapes found in 2007 show Ramzi Bin al-Shibh being questioned Suspect 's lawyer says he did n't know the tapes existed Bin al-Shibh is one of five 9/11 suspects facing trial
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Undeterred by an overnight crackdown by authorities , protesters in the center of the Ukrainian capital , Kiev , rebuilt barricades Wednesday that had been torn down hour earlier by riot police . As the day continued , police pulled back from the city 's Independence Square , or Maidan , and the country 's leaders sought to play down fears of a further clampdown . Earlier , hundreds of officers used chainsaws to pull down the barriers , which had been manned by pro-Western demonstrators . Clashes led to reports of injuries on both sides . Angry about the refusal of Ukraine 's Russian-allied President Viktor Yanukovych to sign an agreement that would strengthen cooperation with the European Union , thousands of demonstrators have been camped out for days in Independence Square . They also continue to occupy Kiev 's City Hall . Wednesday 's predawn crackdown on protesters brought condemnation from Western leaders . But U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland , after a two-hour meeting with Yanukovych on Wednesday , said there was still "  a way out " for his government . "  It was a tough conversation , but it was a realistic one , " she told reporters in Kiev . "  I made it absolutely clear to him that what happened last night , what has been happening in security terms here , is absolutely impermissible in a European state , in a democratic state . "  But we also made clear that we believe there is a way out for Ukraine , that it is still possible to save Ukraine 's European future and that ... we want to see the President lead . " A picture posted to Twitter by the U.S. ambassador to Ukraine , Geoff Pyatt , showed Nuland handing food earlier Wednesday to security forces and protesters in the square . Talks Yanukovych called for talks . "  I invite representatives of all political forces , priests , public figures to hold the nationwide dialogue , " he said on the official presidency website . "  Personally I am ready to take part in such panel discussion . In order to achieve compromise , I urge the opposition not to refuse , not to choose the path of confrontation and ultimatums . " But his jailed chief political opponent , Yulia Tymoshenko , dismissed any call for negotiations , urging Ukrainians to "  stand up , " and repeating previous opposition calls for early elections . "  No negotiations or roundtables with bandits -- only the immediate resignation of Yanukovych and his entourage , " a statement posted on her official website said . "  I also appeal to the leaders of the democratic world . Every time a Berkut  riot police  baton strikes a blow on a peaceful protester defending Maidan it is a blow to the universal values that you are trying to make the foundation of human life . " Tymoshenko has been in jail for two years after being convicted of abuse of power in 2011 . The verdict was decried by the EU and other critics as a sham . During allies in Independence Square , protesters have carried her picture . Interior minister : ` No crackdown ' Earlier , Ukrainian Interior Minister Vitaliy Zakharchenko said there would be no attempt to disperse the protesters and that police were just trying to keep the roads clear . "  I want to reassure everyone -- there will be no crackdown of the Maidan , " he said , according to the official Ukrinform news agency . "  Nobody is infringing on citizens ' right to peaceful protests . However , one can not ignore the rights and lawful interests of other citizens . " Before that , the Interior Ministry said 10 policemen were injured between 1 a.m. and 4 a.m. while acting on a court order to dislodge protesters from the city center and restore the free movement of traffic . It was not clear how many protesters were hurt in the clashes . City officials put the number at 30 , while Health Minister Raisa Bogatyryova said 13 were hurt . Footage from the scene showed black-helmeted , heavily armored riot police advancing toward the protesters , who were wearing orange hard hats . Ukrainian opposition leader Vitali Klitschko , a former heavyweight boxing champion , said Yanukovych had "  burned the bridge to a civilized resolution of the political crisis , " according to his Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reform party . Klitschko said the demonstrators ' goals were "  a full reload of the government and punishment for those guilty in clearing up the protests . " Meanwhile , Ukrainian Prime Minister Mykola Azarov told a government meeting Wednesday that Ukraine was still open to signing the European integration deal if the European Union would agree to providing financial assistance to Ukraine of around 20 billion euros  $ 27.5 billion  . He suggested European officials were more interested in monitoring the protests than in discussing a financial deal that would benefit the Ukrainian people , according to a government news release . U.S. ` disgust ' at crackdown In Washington , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki told reporters that "  all options " were under consideration in Ukraine , including sanctions . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry condemned the crackdown on protesters . "  The United States expresses its disgust with the decision of Ukrainian authorities to meet the peaceful protest in ... Maidan Square with riot police , bulldozers , and batons , rather than with respect for democratic rights and human dignity , " he said in a statement . "  This response is neither acceptable , nor does it befit a democracy . " Kerry urged the "  utmost restraint " by authorities , saying "  human life must be protected . " UK Foreign Secretary William Hague said he was "  deeply concerned " about the Ukraine government 's decision to send in riot police against peaceful protesters . "  The concerns of protesters should be met with dialogue , not violence , " he said . The police crackdown came hours after EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton met with Yanukovych and visited the protest site in the central square . "  The moves that were made to try and clear the blockades were done in a way that was unacceptable , " Ashton told CNN in Kiev on Wednesday . "  And when I spoke with  Yanukovych  for three-and-a-half hours yesterday , one of the things we talked about was the importance of dialogue and the importance of convening what the three former presidents have described as ... a roundtable . ... It 's harder to convene a dialogue when people have seen what they believe has been inappropriate action . " Ashton had met Tuesday with opposition leaders . The scenes of protest are reminiscent of the uprising that swept Yanukovych from office nine years ago during the Orange Revolution , when he was prime minister . East vs. West Yanukovych 's refusal to sign the EU deal represents a U-turn in the country 's advance toward closer relations with the West . An EU agreement would have opened borders to trade and set the stage for modernization and inclusion , protesters say . They accuse Yanukovych of preparing to take the country into a Moscow-led customs union . Moscow has leverage that may have affected Yanukovych 's decision to backpedal on the EU talks because Russia supplies Ukraine with natural gas . Yanukovych said Tuesday that he was "  strongly against opposing relations with Europe in favor of relations with Russia and vice versa . " The EU is also pressuring Yanukovych to free Tymoshenko The Orange Revolution that swept Yanukovych from office in 2004 also brought the pro-Western Tymoshenko to power . CNN 's Diana Magnay and journalist Victoria Butenko reported from Kiev , and CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Tom Watkins , Zahra Ullah and Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva contributed to this report .	Chief opponent dismisses President Viktor Yanukovych 's call for negotiations Yanukovych invites "  all political forces , priests , public figures " to hold a "  dialogue " Interior minister says there will be no crackdown on protest , state media reports U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry voices U.S. "  disgust " with overnight crackdown
CNN  -- All charges have been dropped against the first suspect arrested in connection with last week 's shooting at a Texas community college that left three wounded , officials said Monday . Carlton Berry , 22 , was arrested on the day of the shooting and charged with two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon , but the Harris County district attorney dismissed the charges pending "  further investigation , " Harris County District Clerk Claire Kennedy said . The Harris County sheriff has scheduled a news conference for Monday afternoon to talk about why the charges against Berry were dropped . Investigators arrested another man -- 22-year-old Trey Foster -- on Friday , charging him with two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon , Kennedy said . Foster was arrested in Plano , more than 250 miles north of the scene of the shooting at the North Harris campus of Lone Star College , just outside Houston . The shooting garnered wide attention amid early fears that a gunman was on the loose on a campus . Harris County officials have said the January 22 shooting apparently stemmed from an argument between two men . At least one had a student ID . Both were wounded by gunfire and treated at a hospital . A maintenance worker also was shot in the leg . The shooting took place outdoors between the academic building and the library . Foster is being held in jail awaiting arraignment , set for February 28 , Kennedy said . CNN 's Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	Carlton Berry , 22 , was arrested and charged the day of the shooting Trey Foster , 22 , was arrested Friday and remains in jail The shooting happened last week at the North Harris campus of Lone Star College It apparently stemmed from an argument between Foster and Berry , police say
Challenges continue to mount for Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius . Public criticism persists as she prepares to testify on Wednesday before a Congressional committee heatedly demanding answers about ongoing problems with the Obama administration 's health care enrollment website . Public ridicule reached prime-time -- or late-night -- when Saturday Night Live parodied Sebelius and the HealthCare.gov debacle that has rocked the online rollout of President Barack Obama 's signature domestic policy achievement . Sen. John Barrasso , R-Wyoming , called her a "  laughingstock " on ABC 's "  This Week " and said "  she 's lost considerable credibility . " And then another Obamacare federal website outage occurred over the weekend . It resulted from efforts to fix a technical problem . But Sebelius appears secure for now , despite political uproar , a public relations debacle and a "  punch list " of tangible problems that have hampered the Obamacare website . That 's because Obama has her back . The President has resisted calls from Republican opponents to show Sebalius the door . He has "  full confidence " in Sebelius , White House spokesman Jay Carney said this month . That 's all Sebelius needs at the moment , and she knows it , especially with her appearance before the House Energy and Commerce Committee looming . Sebelius told CNN last week that "  the majority of people calling for me to resign , I would say , are people who I do n't work for and who do not want this program to work in the first place . " For the time being , Obama has few choices other than to stick with the woman responsible for implementing the initiative to get millions of uninsured Americans health insurance . Dr. Sanjay Gupta : 5 surprises from Sebelius interview Scapegoat Sebelius While Sebelius is constantly being hammered for the faulty rollout , the President escapes a good deal of the blame . Sebelius even protected the President by saying in the interview with CNN that he did n't know about potential problems with the website until a couple of days after its launch on October 1 . Eric Dezenhall , crisis management expert and CEO of Dezenhall Resources , said the president is getting a free ride . "  She is going to absorb a tremendous amount of lightning , " he said , adding that is part of the plan . "  The general rules is the President announces good news and the departments announce bad news and get the blame , " said Dezenhall , who worked in President Ronald Reagan 's administration . Rep. Darrell Issa of California has aggressively investigated the Obama administration as chairman of the Republican-led House Oversight Committee . And he is putting the blame over snafus with the Affordable Care Act online rollout squarely at the feet of Sebelius . "  The President has been poorly served in the implementation of his own signature legislation , " Issa said on CBS ' "  Meet the Press . " Confirmation concessions One reason Sebelius is likely to keep her job for now is that a permanent replacement requires Senate confirmation , finding someone else ostensibly to serve out his term would subject Obama to a damaging political fight with conservative Republicans determined to get rid of the health care law . The hidden truth behind early Obamacare numbers : It 's not what it seems Moreover , CNN senior political analyst Ron Brownstein said an Obama ally would not ultimately be confirmed , regardless of who was appointed . There would be "  virtual certainty " of a Republican filibuster as "  an opportunity to use this as kind of a way to leverage more concessions from the administration , " Brownstein , editorial director of National Journal , said Monday on CNN 's "  New Day . " Additionally , a confirmation hearing and debate in the Senate over a nominee would create another opportunity for Republicans to re-litigate Obamacare . It 's a commonly used tactic in Washington . Republicans held up two nominees to head the new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau because they opposed the new agency designed to protect consumers and did n't want to see it running because they felt it put unfair burdens on business . The president could avoid a confirmation fight by appointing an interim replacement , but there are political and practical risks with that as well . Firing her wo n't fix it In fact , it could make the situation worse . Bringing in someone on a temporary basis to oversee the largest implementation of a government program since Medicare in 1965 could confuse the process . Dr. Mark McClellan , former administrator for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , oversaw the bumpy roll out of the Medicare 's expansive Part D program . He said firing her "  by itself would n't do anything . " Sebelius is the public face of Obamacare . McClellan said she needs to "  make sure there 's an effective strategy to address the problem " as well answer questions for the public and Congress . Obama has brought in additional help , including Jeffrey Zients , who is a noted management consultant , former White House budget official and the forthcoming director of the National Economic Council . The appointment has been praised by some of the most critical Republicans . "  He 's got a lot of managerial experience . He 's been a consultant for the health care industry . I think he 's got the right qualifications , " Rep. Jeff Fleming , R-Louisiana , said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Sebelius ' Obamacare damage control fuels critics ' fire Obamacare has n't failed yet While the online rollout has been a disaster , the actual program has n't failed . People have until March 31 to sign up to obtain health coverage for 2014 . "  If people become more comfortable with the program , the outrage will recede , " Dezenhall said . "  It 's going to take a while to get people acclimated to managing their health care this way . I think there 's going to be a lot of bed side manner , hand holding , and direction giving and that 's going to take a while , " he added . Dezenhall cautioned , however , the scenario could change quickly and the administration should be assessing the situation constantly . For instance , the program needs to enroll millions of the young and the healthy to keep costs down and enable the program to work . "  This is day by day , " he said . "  If the problems continue and they may , he may have to change his tone . "	Despite the tangible problems and the public relations nightmare , Sebelius appears secure in her job Sebelius is President Barack Obama 's scapegoat for Obamacare website disaster Confirmation hearings to replace her would be damaging politically for the President Replacing Sebelius wo n't necessarily fix the problems either
St. Petersburg , Florida  CNN  -- I first met Dan Wheldon in 2003 , when he stepped into the cockpit of the Klein Tools/Jim Beam Indy car at Andretti Green Racing , just before the third race of the season at the Twin Ring Motegi racing track in eastern Japan . He was a cocky , fastidious 23-year-old in those days , with a quick step and a winning way that made him seem like a modern-day Dickens character brought to life . "  Young Wheldon , " I called him back then . He loved that . We began our Honda Racing careers together . I was hired by the company around the same time Dan was hired as test driver for development of the Honda engine that would make its IndyCar debut during that season . In short order , he became one of Honda 's favorite sons . In 2004 , he became the first Honda-powered driver ever to win an IndyCar event at the magnificent Motegi complex . The Honda-owned course had not seen one of its own cars take the checkered flag at its signature event in six futile attempts . He won Motegi again in 2005 and then went on to win that year 's Indianapolis 500 and the IndyCar Series championship , a feat that has not since been matched . There were numerous highlights after that : 16 IndyCar victories in all , culminating in this year 's completely implausible win in the Centennial Indianapolis 500 . Services held for Wheldon in Florida That 's what the record book says . It documents Dan 's legacy in numbers . But it does n't come close to capturing his legacy in the hearts of those who knew him . The Dan I knew was more than a racer . He was a friend . A husband . A father . A hero . He loved shoes . He loved watches . He loved the food my trackside chef , Tim Olszewski , prepared at virtually every IndyCar Series event .  That hardly made him unique -- Tim is a really good chef . What set Dan apart was his genuine interest in all the members of the hospitality staff . He treated them all as his equals , and as a consequence , they were all left equally shattered after the tragedy . Around the track , just about everyone had their own "  Dan Wheldon moment . " He had an uncanny talent to connect quickly and personally with everyone he met -- whether high-dollar sponsor or Turn 3 bleacher-ite -- and to give each of them something far more valuable than an autograph or a photo . He left them with his kindness , his spirit . He never turned down a single request , whether it was for an appearance at a dealer meeting , a ride-and-drive with the media or a quick "  Hello " to a group of trackside guests . In each case , he brought a smile that was manufactured only in the most literal sense -- his realigned teeth after his '05 championship were an ongoing source of paddock amusement -- but genuine in every other imaginable way . In a world where part of the competitive ethos is to convey at all costs an impression of invulnerability , Dan was the exception . As a colleague said to me the other day , "  He let you in . " My Dan Wheldon moment occurred after the Centennial Indianapolis 500 this past May . After winning the prestigious race for the second time , Dan had just concluded an exuberant celebratory victory lap at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway . He returned to Victory Circle to begin the Hat Dance -- that incessant procession of ballcaps and photo ops , which , for understandable reasons , lasts about five times as long at Indianapolis as at any other track on the IndyCar Series circuit . Dan had just stepped into the cockpit , and had the first hat in hand , when he looked to his left and saw me standing along the railing that divided the race car from the rabble . He placed the hat on the car 's nose , got out , walked around to my side of the car and grabbed me . I barely remember what he said to me , but I do remember hearing a loud cheer from the grandstand above us in Victory Circle . And I remember thinking , "  That 's pretty cool . Some people I know are happy that I 'm getting this moment . " It was n't until we separated , and Dan resumed the headwear ritual , that I looked above me to see that I did not recognize a single face among those who had been doing the cheering . Whether or not it is true , I 'm going to continue in the belief that those spectators were paying tribute to the emotion of a moment between the Indianapolis 500 winner and some guy none of them had ever met . And that blew me away . Just before he returned to his car , Daniel and I spent time crying in each other 's arms . We were crying tears of joy , feeling all the pain and all the hard work it took to get to that moment , and celebrating all the promise the future would hold for him . After last Sunday afternoon , I am not ashamed to admit , I have cried in many other arms , as well .	Thomas "  T.E. " McHale : Dan Wheldon was more than a superb driver -- he was a hero McHale says Wheldon treated all hospitality staff members as his equals ; his death was tragic He wore a genuine smile and shared his spirit with all who wanted a part of it , McHale says McHale calls Wheldon 's spirit "  something far more valuable than an autograph or a photo "
Keren Charles remembers how embarrassed she was the first time she set foot in a thrift store more than 20 years ago to buy black pants for her first job . "  I did n't want anyone to see me , " said Charles , a 37-year old administrative assistant from Atlanta . "  In high school , there was really a stigma attached to it . People thought you were either poor or homeless . " Now , the fashion enthusiast says , about 97 % of her closet consists of secondhand clothes , vintage dresses and all kinds of sequined accessories . Her favorite find is a navy blue Bill Blass chiffon evening gown potentially worth hundreds of dollars that she scored for $ 5 at Goodwill . Her last visit to a mall -- a rare occurrence -- was months ago , to use a gift card . She proudly flaunts her thrift store finds on her blog , Two Stylish Kays , and social media . When strangers started asking her for fashion advice , she decided to market her love of "  thrifting " by becoming a part-time personal shopper . She helps clients maintain their wardrobes and advises them on new trends . She even organized Atlanta 's first Thrift Fashion Week in the spring . "  I want to encourage people to try it , " she said . "  When you see other people doing things and you see all the great pieces they find , it kind of motivates you to at least try it . " In fact , more people have been sharing Charles ' enthusiasm for secondhand clothing in recent years . Goodwill Industries , one of the most recognizable names in secondhand shopping , says it has experienced an 84 % increase in revenue from the sale of donated goods from 2007 to 2012 , from $ 1.9 billion to $ 3.5 billion . Secondhand clothing and vintage items are showing up in couture , street wear , even everyday office wear . Besides the incentive of saving money , thrifting has also become trendy . Hip-hop duo Macklemore and Ryan Lewis won a 2013 Billboard Music Award for their hit song "  Thrift Shop , " which brags about "  looking for a come up " in a thrift shop . More people are discovering thrift store shopping because of the recession , said Maureen McGill , co-founder of Manhattan Vintage , New York 's biggest vintage fashion market for more than 30 years . But , she believes that the love of vintage style and the thrill of the hunt will keep people coming even during good economic times . "  Vintage is the root of fashion . This is where fashion comes from . Designers use it as inspiration , " she said . What is a thrift shop , exactly ? There are three types of shops that sell used clothing , according to the Association of Resale Professionals . A resale shop buys merchandise from individual owners ; a thrift shop is run by a not-for-profit organization to fund charitable causes ; a consignment shop pays the owners of the merchandise a percentage when and if the items are sold . Even thrift stores that have been funding charitable causes for decades are enjoying the popularity . Some days , a line starts forming outside Atlanta 's Nearly New Thrift Shop at least 30 minutes before it opens , said Camille Kessler , president of the Atlanta chapter of the nonprofit Junior League , which benefits from the store 's proceeds . More customers began coming to the store at the start of the recession almost six years ago , and sales have been steadily increasing , Kessler said . "  We really hope this trend is here to stay . " Growing interest in the trend inspired Charles to organize a fashion show with the help of other local fashion bloggers . All clothes modeled were purchased from thrift shops , and nothing cost more than $ 20 . This year 's winner was Neshanta Davis and her two-piece polka-dot short set , which included a matching bow tie . Davis , who is also an avid thrift shopper and stylist , says that not knowing what you will find is the best part about thrifting . "  What I love about thrifting is the thrill of it , the challenge in finding something unique that everybody else is n't going to wear , " she said . The recently popularity may be great for new shoppers and for business , but it 's not so great for longtime regulars like Charles . "  The competition is kind of fierce now , " she said . "  You 're in the thrift stores , and you 're seeing so many other people , but it 's still better than shopping at a department store . "	Secondhand clothing and vintage finds are showing up in couture , everyday work wear Goodwill Industries reported an 83 % increase in year-to-date revenue from 2007 to 2012 Saving money and discovering unique finds has become trendy again Avid thrift shopper Keren Charles organized Atlanta 's first Thrift Fashion Week this spring
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A tree dedicated to the memory of Beatle George Harrison , whose solo career included the hit "  What is Life , " has met a grisly end to its life from the jaws of voracious bark beetles . A pine stump now lies a few feet from a plaque dedicated to Harrison at the foot of a hiking trail in Los Angeles 's Griffith Park . City officials say the 12-foot-tall pine had to be cut down June 18 , to spare nearby trees from the spread of infestation by bark beetles . "  But we are going to replant a new George Harrison tree in November , " said L.A. City Councilman Tom LaBonge , a local politician well known for his undying optimism and ceaseless attendance of civic events . "  We 're going to wait until after the summer when the weather cools off again . " The original Japanese black pine tree was planted in 2003 near the Griffith Park Observatory and dedicated in 2004 . "  He meant a lot to me , George was my favorite Beatle , " LaBonge reflected . "  I saw him at  nearby  Dodger Stadium in 1966 . George just did so much for so many people . I think he was the first rocker ever to stage a fund-raising event , the Concert for Bangladesh . " Near the tree stump , a plaque reads "  In memory of a great humanitarian who touched the world as an artist , a musician and gardener . " Below that it reads , "  For the forest to be green , each tree must be green , " a quote attributed to Harrison . Harrison , often called the quiet Beatle , died of lung cancer in 2001 in Beverly Hills . In a photo that LaBonge says he took five or six years ago to mark an anniversary of Harrison 's passing , the mature tree is ringed by family friends . The picture includes Harrison 's widow Olivia , Eric Idle of Monty Python fame and Jeff Lynne , the Electric Light Orchestra frontman who played with Harrison in The Travelling Wilburys . Beatles songs written by Harrison include "  While My Guitar Gently Weeps " and "  Something . " The virtuoso guitar player 's signature riffs and solos helped propel the Beatles to greatness and his experimentation with Eastern Indian music could be heard with his sitar work on "  Norwegian Wood . " Now , in a city park where there was once a specific wood -- a George Harrison tree -- there 's a stump . But LaBonge , borrowing from a Harrison album title , vows "  All Things Must Pass " including the lack of a George Harrison tree . "  When you plant a tree to memorialize someone , it 's a special thing . " LaBonge said . "  And I promise you in November this will be special again when we dedicate the new tree . " Ron Howard to direct Beatles concert documentary 5 things to know about Beatlemania	A tree dedicated to the memory of Beatle George Harrison stood for more than a decade The Japanese black pine tree was in Griffith Park in Los Angeles The tree had to be cut down because of an infestation of bark beetles A city councilman vows that , beetles notwithstanding , another tree will stand for a Beatle soon
CNN  The family of a Jordanian fighter pilot mercilessly killed by ISIS is calling for total revenge . Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh , 27 , was burned alive while confined in a cage . In response , Jordan executed two prisoners -- Sajida al-Rishawi , a would-be suicide bomber whose release ISIS had previously demanded as part of a prisoner exchange , and Ziad Karbouli , a former top aide to the deceased leader of al Qaeda in Iraq , Abu Musab al-Zarqawi . The pilot 's father is demanding his country do more . "  These were criminals and there is no comparison between them and Moath . His blood is more valued than Sajida al-Rishawi and Ziad Karbouli , " said al-Kasasbeh 's father , Safi . "  I demand that revenge should be bigger than executing prisoners . " His son 's horrific death was recorded and the video was posted online Tuesday . CNN is not showing the images , which drew global condemnation and prompted protests and vows of retaliation in Jordan . King Abdullah has promised a strong response , saying that ISIS is n't just fighting his nation , but warring against "  noble Islam " itself . The country now wants to step up airstrikes against the terrorist organization , according to a source with direct knowledge of the situation . But the pilot 's uncle , Yassin Al Rawashdeh , told CNN that he also wants to see ground troops involved in the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS in Iraq and Syria . Said the pilot 's father : "  I demand that this criminal organization  ISIS  ... should be annihilated . " What comes next ? Demonstrators took to the streets in Amman and the pilot 's hometown immediately after the video was made public . One protester held a poster that read : "  They burned our hearts , so let 's burn their dens , and their prisoners in our prisons . " Jordanian government spokesman Mohammad al-Momani has vowed "  an earthshaking retaliation " and "  a revenge that equals the tragedy that has befallen the Jordanians . " Exactly what that response will look like remains to be seen , although the outlines of it are starting to take shape . Jordan 's military is seeking to conduct more of the anti-ISIS airstrikes assigned by the coalition , a U.S. official told CNN . According to that official , the number of strikes Jordan can carry out will depend on the location of the targets , weather and other factors . ISIS apparently made a big show of the pilot 's brutal execution in Raqqa , its stronghold in Syria . An activist network , "  Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently , " reported that the killing was being shown , repeatedly , on large screens across the city . One of ISIS ' propaganda production outlets posted a video online that appears to show a crowd cheering as flames around the pilot grow . The video features a tight shot of a boy , looking up as if in awe and saying that he would "  burn the pilot " himself if he had a chance and that "  all Arab tyrants should also be burned . " The boy can also be heard saying "  Obama the dog . " Because the video is carefully orchestrated propaganda , CNN has no way to know if people in Raqqa really feel this way , if other children were present or whether the video participants ' responses were authentic or a result of intimidation . There are anti-ISIS activists inside Raqqa who operate very quietly . One of them , with "  Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently , " told CNN on Tuesday that on January 8 , he was standing in the street when several ISIS fighters approached , bragging that they had set the pilot on fire . Other ISIS members acted impressed but dubious , and a disturbingly juvenile moment ensued in which the ISIS fighters making the claim said that it was true , they were there and saw it . Jordan last week said it was willing to release al-Rishawi , the would-be suicide bomber , in exchange for al-Kasasbeh , but the swap never happened . The Jordanian government repeatedly asked ISIS to show proof that the pilot was still alive . Shortly after the video of al-Kasasbeh 's killing became public , Jordanian military spokesman Mamdouh Al Amri said that authorities believe the pilot had been killed as far back as January 3 , before ISIS began making its public demands for the release of al-Rishawi . King Abdullah arrived back in Jordan on Wednesday after cutting short a visit to the United States , where he met with President Barack Obama . "  The brave pilot gave his life defending his faith , country and nation and joined other Jordanian martyrs who gave their lives for Jordan , " Abdullah said in a televised statement Tuesday , describing ISIS as a cowardly and deviant group that has nothing to do with Islam . Al-Kasasbeh was captured by ISIS in December after his fighter jet crashed near Raqqa . The pilot was one of eight children , according to the Jordan Times . He was from Karak governorate and graduated from King Hussein Air College , the newspaper said . At the time of his capture , his father told the paper that his son was "  a very modest and religious person " who memorized the Quran and "  was never harmful to anyone . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry described al-Kasasbeh as everything ISIS is not : "  He was brave , compassionate and principled . " "  That he was murdered after his father 's plea for compassion reminds all the world that this foe has no agenda other than to kill and destroy , and places no value on life , including that of fellow Muslims , " Kerry said . ISIS is known to be holding at least two Western hostages still : John Cantlie , a British journalist who has appeared in a number of ISIS-produced videos , and an American woman who is a 26-year-old aid worker . CNN 's Ali Younes , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Greg Botelho , Becky Anderson , Jim Sciutto , Barbara Starr , Ed Payne , Caroline Faraj , Jessica King and Samira Said contributed to this report .	The pilot 's uncle tells CNN he wants to see ground troops in the fight against ISIS King Abdullah says ISIS is n't fighting just Jordan but fighting Islam itself In response to the pilot 's horrific death , Jordan executes Sajida al-Rishawi and Ziad Karbouli
ATLANTA  CNN  -- Georgia businessman and former congressman Howard "  Bo " Callaway was in intensive care at an Atlanta hospital Sunday after surgery following a cerebral hemorrhage , according to officials of Callaway Gardens , a 13,000-acre vacation resort and preserve created by Callaway and his parents . The 85-year-old Callaway was hospitalized in his hometown of Columbus , Georgia , last week after complaining of a severe headache . He was subsequently taken to Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital , according to Callaway Gardens officials , where doctors determined he had a cerebral hemorrhage , which is bleeding on the brain . Callaway , a Republican , is a former secretary of the Army and was a congressman from Georgia for one term in the 1960s . He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Georgia in 1966 and later served on the executive committee of the Republican National Committee . Callaway and his parents created Callaway Gardens in Pine Mountain , Georgia , near Columbus , 60 years ago .	"  Bo " Callaway is a former secretary of the Army and was a congressman from Georgia He suffered a cerebral hemorrhage last week Callaway and his parents created the Callaway Gardens resort in Georgia
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli Attorney General Yehuda Weinstein announced Wednesday he intends to indict Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman on charges of fraud , money laundering , breach of trust and obstruction of justice . Weinstein decided not to charge Liberman with bribery as police recommended due to lack of evidence , he said . A final decision on whether to indict Liberman is pending on a formal judicial hearing . Liberman is suspected of illicitly obtaining about $ 3 million through a number of shell companies . The alleged crimes date back to before Liberman became foreign minister in 2009 . "  I have always operated according to the law and I have no reason to worry , " Liberman said Wednesday in reaction to Weinstein 's announcement . "  After 15 years I will finally have the chance to prove that I have always acted according to the law , " he said . Liberman received the news of Weinstein 's decision while attending a conference for his party , Yisrael Beiteinu , in Jerusalem . He is not expected to resign from his position before a final decision is made . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's office released a statement saying Netanyahu "  hopes Liberman will prove his innocence . " Liberman "  is a central member of the government " and Netanyahu "  hopes that he will continue his contribution to the public , " the statement said .	NEW : Netanyahu says he hopes Liberman will prove his innocence "  I have always operated according to the law , " Liberman says The final decision on whether to indict Avigdor Liberman will follow a formal hearing He is suspected of illegally obtaining about $ 3 million through shell companies The alleged crimes date back to before Liberman became foreign minister
HOOVER , Alabama  CNN  -- Nine-year-old Kyle Graddy looked out across a minor league baseball diamond for the first time in his life and pondered the possibility of his own death . Kyle Graddy , who has a peanut allergy , enjoys his first pro baseball game . Exposure to peanuts can be deadly for Kyle , who took advantage of a peanut-free night hosted by the Birmingham Barons in June to enjoy his first pro baseball game . "  I break out all over my arms and my neck , and it makes it hard for me to breathe , " Kyle said , describing his symptoms . "  And it could cause death or something . " It was hardly an American boy 's traditional ballpark initiation . But Kyle seemed to take it all in stride . He 's among an estimated 1 percent of all U.S. children who have allergies to peanuts , according to the Johns Hopkins Children 's Center . Among both children and adults , at least 120 U.S. deaths are blamed on peanut allergies each year . Direct exposure to peanuts or peanut-tainted products could throw Kyle into what doctors call an anaphylactic reaction , when the body 's immune system overreacts , triggering the release of chemicals such as histamines that can lead to a range of conditions , from hives to life-threatening airway constriction . Doctors are trying to solve the mystery of why peanuts are deadly for Kyle and other food allergy sufferers . To minimize the threat , the Barons power-washed Regions Park stadium for several consecutive days before the game to get rid of any peanuts or their remnants , spokesman Justin Rosenberg said . All peanuts or related products were removed from the facility 's vendor booths . Watch as Kyle attends his first pro baseball game after the stadium undergoes thorough preparations " Under the threat of rain on a muggy evening , the Graddys -- including Kyle 's parents and two younger sisters , Amelia , 7 , and Karlin , 4 -- took their seats in the center of the stadium where basketball legend Michael Jordan chased his baseball dreams 15 years before . Despite the team 's promise of providing peanut-free food at vendors ' booths , Kyle 's mother , Barbara Graddy , packed her own munchies just to be safe . Along with a treasured red baseball cap , Kyle wore his EpiPen , the auto-injector -- dangling from a hook on his pants . If he has a severe reaction to peanuts , Kyle would use an auto-injector to give himself a shot of life-saving epinephrine , said Dirk Graddy , Kyle 's father . "  I do n't think he lives in fear of dying or anything . It 's important for him to know the seriousness of it , if he lets his guard down . " Many might think that baseball games -- the subject of well-known song lyrics about "  peanuts and Cracker Jack " -- would be among the most dangerous places for people with peanut allergies . But child food allergy specialist Dr. Robert Wood of Johns Hopkins Children 's Center says the danger for older children with peanut allergies at stadiums is low . "  In the open air , it 's actually very rare to have enough exposure to cause any sort of reaction . " More at risk , Wood said , are younger children ages 2 to 4 "  who are crawling around on the floor , picking up peanut shells . " The Graddys have been fighting peanut allergies since Kyle and his sister Amelia were diagnosed in 2004 . A frightening episode at Amelia 's preschool sparked the family crisis . "  It was scary , because she had put her hand in a bowl of M&M s and then rubbed her eye , " Amelia 's mother said . "  Eventually , her eye was swollen shut . It looked like she had been punched . " Soon it became clear that the Graddy kids would have childhoods a little bit different than those of other kids . "  At first I was just really scared , " Barbara Graddy said . "  I was afraid they were going to die at school . There was just such an uncertainly . " Eventually she reached out to experts online and in the medical community surrounding their hometown of Auburn , Alabama . Now she leads an allergy support group . From then on , Kyle and Amelia would bring their lunches instead of eating school food . They would ask classmates ' parents not to send their children to school with peanut butter and jelly sandwiches or any food that could be tainted with peanut products . They would always keep an auto-injector nearby , along with an emergency inhaler for asthma attacks , because they also suffer from asthma , which is common among children with food allergies . A 2008 study by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention revealed that food allergies are becoming increasingly prevalent worldwide . Although experts do n't know what 's causing the increase , scientists are researching about a dozen supported theories that might solve the mystery , Wood said . The most popular , the hygiene theory , "  says we live in too clean an environment and that the less our immune systems are exposed to germs or bacterial byproducts , the more " prone they are to allergies , he said . Other theories , he said , involve nutritional factors such as increased exposure to peanuts early in the diet , food processing or vitamins . One theory says low vitamin D may be behind the cause . "  In reality , it probably is a variety of things over the past 10 or 20 years in the environment that has led to this increase , " Wood said . "  Quite promising " immunotherapy studies are in very early stages , Wood said . They involve giving patients the proteins of foods they 're allergic to , orally or under the tongue , until they are desensitized . "  There are clearly a majority of patients who can be desensitized to a certain point and at least some patients who appear to be completely cured of the allergy after going through these treatments . " Meanwhile , the Graddys are hopeful that Kyle 's and Amelia 's allergies will disappear as they enter adulthood , but that does n't happen very often , experts say . The family is thinking about venturing out for another baseball game -- this time , at a stadium with peanuts . Dirk Graddy is talking about loading up the minivan and trekking to see the minor-league Biscuits play in nearby Montgomery . "  Yes , we might risk it , " he smiled , "  as long as people are n't throwing peanuts . "	Kids with deadly food allergies enjoy rare peanut-free ballpark At least 120 people die each year in the United States from peanut allergies Food allergies are becoming more prevalent worldwide , CDC says Doctors developing theories to explain increasing prevalence of food allergies
CNN  -- Newly promoted Hercules pulled off the biggest win in their history by beating reigning champions Barcelona 2-0 at Camp Nou on Saturday . Paraguayan forward Nelson Haedo Valdez scored twice to give Hercules - back in the top-flight after a 13-year absence - a huge win . Despite Barcelona dominating proceedings debutant Valdez , signed from Borussia Dortmund , scored the first goal on 26 minutes and then another on 58 minutes . Barcelona were unbeaten at home last season as they retained the league title . Real Madrid beat Osasuna 1-0 at Santiago Bernabeu , after being held to a 0-0 draw in the first half . After the re-start Ricardo Carvalho neatly slotted a goal home when Cristiano Ronaldo missed from ten yards out , although he maintained his composure to find Carvalho . The win maintains Real Madrid 's unbeaten start to the season . In the German Bundesliga Bayer Leverkusen were held to a 2-2 draw by a 10-man Hanover on Saturday , leaving Leverkusen in mid-table and Hanover third behind leaders Hoffenheim . Leverkusen 's Michael Ballack was forced to limp off the field following a heavy tackle on his left knee . The 33-year-old came off after just 30 minutes , suffering a further set-back on his return from injury . Hanover were reduced to 10 men after just 36 minutes when Austrian defender Emanuel Pogatetz was shown a second yellow card and the subsequent red when he sent Leverkusen 's Arturo Vidal flying with a dangerous tackle . Hamburg drew 1-1 at home to Nuremberg which leaves them second in the table . Stuttgart lost 2-1 at Freiburg to suffer their third defeat of the season . Ex-England manager Steve McClaren is still looking for his first win of the season as his Wolfsburg side lost 2-0 at Dortmund whose Japanese midfielder Shinji Kagawa scored his first Bundesliga goal . Hoffenheim continued their dream start to the season beating Schalke 2-0 on Friday to remain top of the table with three wins out of three . In Serie A champions Inter Milan secured their first victory of the season with a 2-1 success at home to Udinese on Saturday . Samuel Eto'o scored the winner after Antonio Floro Flores had cancelled out Lucio 's early opener .	Newly promoted Hercules beat Barcelona 2-0 Bayer Leverkusen held to a 2-2 draw by a 10-man Hanover Hamburg drew 1-1 at home to Nuremberg
CNN  -- Long before Europeans began settling in Australia , people from India arrived on the continent and interbred with the aboriginal population there , a new study says . The Indians may also have introduced dingoes to the vast Australian landmass , it suggests . Last words : Phone app bids to save dying aboriginal language The genetic scientists behind the study are challenging the conventional view that the humans who first arrived in Australia at least 40,000 year ago remained essentially cut off from outsiders until European mariners showed up in the 17th century . In an article published Monday by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States , the team of researchers says an analysis of the genetic history of Australian Aborigines and other peoples indicates the contact with Indians took place roughly 4,000 years ago . That period coincides with the arrival of the dingo in Australia , according to archaeological records , suggesting the Indian migrants may have brought the wild dog with them , the genetic study says . Read more : Aborigine protesters burn Australian flag The Indians could also have prompted changes around that time in the Australian inhabitants ' tool technology and food processing , according to the scientists , who work at German and Dutch research institutes . They based their findings on large study of genetic data from aboriginal Australians , New Guineans , island Southeast Asians and Indians . Their analysis supported the theory that indigenous groups in Australia , New Guinea and the Philippines are descendants of a wave of migration out of Africa tens of thousands of years ago . But it also showed what the scientists called "  substantial gene flow " between the Indian and Australian populations "  well before European contact . " They estimated that the Indian-Australian interaction took place 4,230 during the Holocene , the current geological period .	People from India arrived in Australia about 4,000 years ago , a genetic study says That means they arrived long before European begun settling the continent The research challenges the view that Australia was isolated for nearly 40,000 years The Indians may have brought dingoes and new tool techniques to Australia
CNN  -- The Obama administration has issued a disaster declaration for the Texas town hit by fertilizer plant blasts in April . The Federal Emergency Management Agency announced Friday aid for the area affected by the tragedy in the town of West . Federal funding will supplement state and local recovery efforts "  for emergency work and the repair or replacement of facilities damaged by the explosion in McLennan County , " FEMA said . The April 17 fire led to simultaneous blasts at a fertilizer distribution facility , killing 15 and decimating homes , businesses and more within 37 blocks . This decision came after FEMA in June told Gov. Rick Perry it was denying a request to declare the small town a "  major disaster " area , a move sharply criticized by local and state officials . The letter from FEMA spokesman Craig Fugate noted Obama had previously issued an emergency declaration and other measures that paved the way for some direct federal assistance . "  Based on our review of all of the information available , it has been determined that the remaining costs for permanent work is within the capabilities of the state and affected local governments , " Fugate said at the time . "  Accordingly , we have determined that a major disaster declaration is not necessary . " After the Friday announcement , Perry , who slammed the FEMA move two months ago , lauded a successful state appeal of the initial federal move . "  The approval of the state 's appeal for a major disaster declaration is great and welcome news for the people of West , " Perry said . "  I appreciate everyone who joined me in standing with the people whose lives have been forever impacted to move this appeal forward , especially our congressional delegation . " Perry said the federal action and the state legislature 's disaster relief funding "  will help this community rebuild their infrastructure , school district and public works as quickly as possible . " A fire at the facility operated by West Fertilizer Company set off two explosions that registered on seismographs as a magnitude-2 .1 earthquake and were felt 50 miles away . The blasts leveled a portion of the town , damaging numerous homes , a nursing home and the town 's high school and middle school . According to local officials , the city is still well short of the $ 17 million it needs to repair roads , water and sewage lines and other damaged infrastructure . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to thsi report	April 17 blast in Texas town killed 15 people Rick Perry lauds the state appeal for a disaster declaration FEMA denied a request in June for a "  major disaster " area
CNN  First , they came for the giant sodas . Then , the salt . Now ... the cheese dust ? In the March issue of Cooking Light magazine , first lady Michelle Obama says she 's banished processed foods from her family 's table in an effort that began nearly a decade ago . That 's when , acting on the behest of the family 's personal chef , she exiled the venerable boxed macaroni and cheese to the Obama scrap heap of history . "  He said , ` there 's nothing wrong with mac and cheese , but it 's got to be real food , ' " Cooking Light quoted Obama as saying in an article celebrating the fifth anniversary of her Let 's Move fitness initiative . "  So my oldest daughter  Malia  , who was probably 8 at the time , he took a block of cheese , and he said , ` if you can cut this cheese up into the powder that is the cheese of the boxed macaroni and cheese , then we 'll use it . ' " "  She sat there for 30 minutes trying to pulverize a block of cheese into dust , " Obama said . Suffice to say , it did n't work . "  And from then on , we stopped eating macaroni and cheese out of a box , because cheese dust is not food , as was the moral of that story , " she said . The family went on to eliminate all traces of processed foods from their diet : "  all those packaged lunches , all of the canned juices , " she said . "  We started using fresh-squeezed juice and added more water into their diet , " she told the magazine . "  So when the kids were thirsty , we would even mix water in juice just to dilute it so it would get them out of that habit of wanting that sugary taste . And the kids adapted to the changes very quickly . " Since becoming first lady , Obama has been a vocal proponent of fitness and healthy eating . In addition to the Let 's Move campaign , she oversaw the creation of a vegetable garden at the White House and championed 2010 legislation that increased subsidies for school meals and gave the federal government more authority to set standards for fold sold in school vending machines . While well-received by many health and fitness advocates , the first lady 's statements at times have drawn groans or worse , and the Cooking light article is no different . #ThanksMichelleObama : Students criticize school lunches The conservative news site Breitbart.com labeled the processed food ban "  Michelle Obama 's Personal Fight Against Boxed Macaroni And Cheese . " For some , it was a chance to poke fun . "  I 'm counting down the seconds til Fox News declares cheese powder Freedom Dust , " Twitter user @Amy_said wrote . For others , it 's about darn time . Heathy food advocacy organization Slow Food USA offered a concise review of Obama 's comments : "  We concur . " Of course , all of the Obamas ' efforts to get their daughters to eat more healthfully could soon go up in a cloud of college dining hall fast-food glory . Malia , whose failed cheese dust experiment helped set the family on their processed-food-free journey , is about to go off to college , her dad noted recently . "  I joke with Malia and Sasha , because Malia is now at the age where she 's starting to look at colleges , and I said , ` These days , I hear everybody is looking for fancy gyms and gourmet food and really spiffy dorms , ' " he said last week .	Michelle Obama tells Cooking Light magazine she 's banished processed foods "  Cheese dust is not food , " she says , quoting family 's former chef
CNN  -- Whitney Houston , who ruled the pop charts during the 1980s and '90s , will be laid to rest Saturday following a funeral at her childhood church in Newark , New Jersey . A look back at key moments in Houston 's life , as well as her last days : August 9 , 1963 Houston is born in Newark to gospel singer Cissy Houston . Her cousins include Dee Dee and Dionne Warwick ; Houston 's godmother was "  Queen of Soul " Aretha Franklin . Houston honed her vocal skills as a child at New Hope Baptist Church , where her mother was director of sacred music . "  Whitney 's mother and cousins nurtured her passion for gospel music since birth , " according to a biography on Houston 's website . "  As a teenager , Whitney was already singing on the scene in New York . " Also while in her teens , Houston sang backup for Chaka Khan on "  I 'm Every Woman , " a song Houston would re-record in 1992 that went on to become one of her biggest hits . 1983 Arista Records ' Clive Davis is taken to a New York nightclub to see Houston perform ; he signs her on the spot . March 1985 Houston 's debut album , "  Whitney Houston " is released . It yields three consecutive No. 1 singles , "  Saving All My Love For You , " "  How Will I Know " and "  The Greatest Love of All . " The album sold more than 12 million copies in the United States and more abroad , according to Houston 's website , and set the record as the biggest-selling debut album by a solo artist . June 1987 Houston 's second album , "  Whitney , " is released and entered the Billboard album charts at No. 1 , according to Houston 's website . The nine-times-platinum album contains four No. 1 singles and establishes Houston as the only artist ever to have seven consecutive No. 1 hits . November 1990 Houston 's third album , "  I 'm Your Baby Tonight , " is released , selling some 8 million copies worldwide . January 27 , 1991 Houston sings "  The Star-Spangled Banner " at Super Bowl XXV before a record 79 million viewers . July 18 , 1992 Houston marries R&B singer Bobby Brown . November 1992 Houston appears with Kevin Costner in "  The Bodyguard . " The film 's soundtrack , featuring Houston 's smash hit -- a remake of the Dolly Parton single "  I Will Always Love You " -- went 17-times platinum , making it the biggest-selling motion picture soundtrack album in history . "  I Will Always Love You " becomes the biggest-selling commercial single in history . Houston 's film work continued , as she appeared in 1995 's "  Waiting to Exhale " and 1996 's "  The Preacher 's Wife . " The soundtrack to "  The Preacher 's Wife " becomes the biggest-selling gospel album in history , according to Houston 's website . In 1997 , she appeared as the Fairy Godmother in a made-for-television version of "  Cinderella . " March 4 , 1993 Houston gives birth to her daughter with Brown , Bobbi Kristina Brown . 1998 Houston releases "  My Love Is Your Love , " which earns her a Grammy but does not match the performance of her previous albums , according to Biography.com . Late 1990s and early 2000s Reports about Houston 's struggles with drug addiction , health problems and her rocky marriage with Brown begin to surface . Album sales drop off , and her voice begins to show signs of wear . 2002 In a now-infamous interview with ABC 's Diane Sawyer , Houston admitted to using drugs but denied using crack . "  Crack is wack , " she said , quoting a line from a mural painted in 1986 . In the same interview , Houston told Sawyer , "  The biggest devil is me . I 'm either my best friend or my worst enemy . " 2004 Filming begins on the short-lived reality show "  Being Bobby Brown , " featuring Brown and Houston , which aired in 2005 . "  The show aired during the worst years of the couple 's crumbling marriage : drug use , lifestyle excess and bad behavior were all caught on tape , and Houston 's reputation sunk to new lows , " according to Biography.com . Houston later said she did the show to try to save her marriage . At some point , Houston 's mother , Cissy Houston , steps in . Houston told Oprah Winfrey in a 2009 interview that her mother arrived on her doorstep with sheriff 's officers and a court order for drug intervention . "  She walks in with the sheriff and she says : ' I have a court injunction here . You do it my way or we 're not going to do this at all , ' " Houston recalled in the interview . " ` You 're going to go on TV and you 're going to retire . And say you 're going to give this up because it 's not worth it . ' " Houston enters rehab and takes a long hiatus . 2006 Houston and Brown separate . They divorce the following year , and Houston receives sole custody of Bobbi Kristina . 2009 Houston releases "  I Look To You , " her first album in seven years . 2011-12 Houston works to turn her career around with the movie "  Sparkle , " the remake of a 1976 film said to be loosely inspired by the Supremes . The movie is set for release this summer . February 7 , 2012 Houston visits Dr. Shawn Nasseri , a Beverly Hills ear , nose and throat specialist , according to a source familiar with her visit . February 8 and 9 Houston is seen ordering and consuming considerable quantities of alcohol at the Beverly Hilton hotel before 10 a.m. , according to a source briefed on her behavior and activity in the days before her death . Guests on both days overhear Houston complaining loudly about her drinks , accusing bartenders of "  watering down " or "  putting too much ice " in them , the source said . Guests express concern about Houston 's erratic behavior , according to the source ; her disheveled appearance , including mismatched clothing , suggested to them that she was intoxicated . Houston is seen jumping in and out of the pool and doing somersaults in the pool area , the source said . February 9 Houston attends a pre-Grammys party to celebrate singer Kelly Price 's nominations . At one point , she joins Price on the stage and sings a hoarse rendition of "  Jesus Loves Me . "  Price said Monday that Houston was not behaving erratically and "  I did n't see someone who was high " although she said Houston did drink champagne . Photos of Houston leaving the party appeared to show her sweaty and somewhat disheveled , although Price attributed her "  messy " appearance to partygoers ' singing and dancing until the wee hours of Friday morning . February 10 Investigators are aware of Houston 's partying at the hotel and other venues the night before her death , a source close to the death investigation told CNN . February 11 Houston is set to attend Clive Davis ' pre-Grammys party at the Beverly Hilton . She is seen drinking at the hotel pool in the morning , according to the source briefed on her behavior and activity , but witnesses report she was not behaving erratically . 3:43 p.m. Police and fire officials are summoned to Houston 's room after she is found unconscious in the room 's bathtub . 3:55 p.m. Houston is pronounced dead at age 48 after efforts to revive her are unsuccessful . February 12 An autopsy is performed on Houston 's body . The Los Angeles County coroner 's office has said a cause of death is undetermined pending the results of toxicology tests . February 13 Houston 's body is flown back to her native New Jersey . February 15 Houston 's death certificate is filed in Los Angeles . It lists her cause of death as "  deferred , " meaning a determination is delayed pending more information . February 16  investigation update The anti-anxiety medication Xanax was among prescription drugs found in the room , a source close to the death investigation says . Houston 's family members and staff confirmed she used the medication , the source says , but investigators do n't know whether she took it the day she died . No Valium or other drugs classified as benzodiazepines , or sedatives , were found in the room , according to the source . Medicine and pill bottles found in Houston 's hotel room are currently undergoing basic testing , but nothing so far indicates anything criminal occurred , the source says . Officials are trying to speed up toxicology testing . February 17 By order of Gov. Chris Christie , flags in New Jersey fly at half-staff . February 18 Family , friends and fellow stars remember Houston 's voice , love and -- most of all -- faith at her homegoing service at the New Jersey church in which she grew up . Actor Kevin Costner , singers Stevie Wonder and Alicia Keys , and director-producer Tyler Perry are among those on hand to pay tribute to the pop superstar . During the private , televised service Houston 's fans log onto social media worldwide to share their emotions online . CNN 's Don Lemon and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Pop superstar Whitney Houston 's funeral is held Saturday Houston set numerous records during her musical and film career Singer died at age 48 after being found unconscious in a hotel room bathtub
London  CNN  -- More than 700 years after William Wallace died fighting for Scottish independence , and more than 300 years after Scotland and England came together in a United Kingdom , a new agreement could lead to an independent Scotland . British Prime Minister David Cameron and his Scottish counterpart , First Minister Alex Salmond , signed a deal in Edinburgh , Scotland , on Monday paving the way for Scots to vote on independence from the United Kingdom , Cameron 's office announced on Twitter . The referendum , expected to be held in 2014 , would allow Scots a straight yes-or-no vote on staying in the union . The "  Yes Scotland " campaign launched in May , trying to "  build a groundswell of support for an independent Scotland , " with the backing of several famous Scots , most notably actor Sean Connery . Salmond and his Scottish National Party  SNP  , which holds power in the Scottish parliament , have pushed for the vote . A survey released last week by TNS-BMRB showed that only 28 % of Scots favor leaving the United Kingdom . That 's somewhat in line with an Ipsos MORI poll of 1,002 Scots , taken in late August , that showed sharp political differences within Scotland . That survey showed that more than 60 % of SNP supporters desire full independence . However , only about a third of all the Scots polled wanted to break away from the United Kingdom . Some detractors have expressed concern about Scotland 's economic viability as an independent state . But oil from the North Sea , off the Scottish coast , has enriched the United Kingdom for decades . And the SNP , on its website , says independence "  could create an environment where our existing and new private industries can grow more easily , " and the party touts a country that retains the British pound , while its future European Union membership creates the benefits of "  open borders , shared rights , free trade and extensive cooperation . " Cameron has vocally opposed Scottish independence . In February , he said he was "  100 % clear that I will fight with everything I have to keep our United Kingdom together , " since an intact United Kingdom , consisting of England , Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland , "  is stronger , safer , richer and fairer . " In medieval times , Scotland fought for freedom from England , which Mel Gibson dramatically depicted in his Academy Award-winning movie "  Braveheart . " Not long after Wallace died in the early 1300s , Robert the Bruce led Scotland to independence , and it remained an autonomous nation until the Act of Union joined Scotland and England in 1707 . The United Kingdom returned some autonomy to Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland , and gave them the right to form their own parliaments , in the late 1990s . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne , Matthew Chance and Dave Gilbert contributed to this report .	Brits , Scots agree to hold referendum on Scottish independence The up-or-down vote will probably happen in 2014 British PM David Cameron and most Scots polled are against an autonomous Scotland
Hong Kong  CNN  It 's an unusually cold December evening in Hong Kong . At this particular running track , only a few dedicated runners are braving the frigid temperatures -- a couple of high-school sprinters , an old man shuffling along , a middle-aged man who just changed out of his suit and tie for a post-work run . Among this cluster of fitness enthusiasts are the Fearless Dragons -- all of them dressed in black uniforms , running together , completely in sync . From afar , any ordinary bystander would never have guessed that the Fearless Dragons are in fact made up of blind runners paired up with deaf runners and a few "  guide runners " who help ensure the team stays on track . Formed just four years ago , this remarkable running team of almost 60 runners has already competed in marathons around the world including Kyoto , Shanghai , Australia 's Gold Coast , Seoul and Taipei in addition to local Hong Kong races . "  The major objective of the Fearless Dragons is to raise the public awareness of persons with specific needs , " says Kim Mok , founder of the running team . "  We want to provide a platform for people with disability to realize their potential . " Mok completely lost his own vision when he was 13 . In 1999 , one of Mok 's closest friends who was also completely blind committed suicide because of immense feelings of social isolation and discrimination . "  I said to myself , one day I will do something for the community and do my best to allow disabled persons to live a fulfilled life . " Back then , those with disabilities could hardly rely on the government to help them integrate into society . "  In 1980s or early 1990s , the Equal Opportunities commission was not even established , " explains Mok . Furthermore , people with disabilities were only allowed to complete Form 3 level of education . "  Only those who came first or elite students were admitted to normal schools . " Fortunately , after the government signed the UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities , things have changed for the better over the years and there have been many efforts ever since to create a barrier-free environment . However , one area of improvement remains : there is little support for the children of parents with disabilities who may not have any disabilities themselves . "  It leads to a vicious cycle of poverty , " says Mok . The Fearless Dragons team is part of Mok 's larger initiative called the Hong Kong Network for the Promotion of Inclusive Society that -- among its many other programs -- has set up an education fund for those children . The team runs races to raise money for this fund that in turn helps counsel the children and provides them with appropriate home tutors when necessary .	In Hong Kong , there 's something a little different about running team Fearless Dragons Members of the group are either blind or deaf , and have competed in marathons worldwide Fearless Dragons is now made up of almost 60 runners , and was founded by Kim Mok , who lost his vision aged 13
ROME , Italy -- Captain Javier Zanetti saved Inter Milan 's unbeaten Serie A record as he rifled home a stunning late volley to earn a 1-1 draw against second-placed Roma at the San Siro on Wednesday . Zanetti celebrates his late strike as Inter retained their unbeaten Serie A record with a 1-1 draw against Roma . Roma captain Francesco Totti had given the visitors a deserved first-half leadbut Zanetti 's strike two minutes from time maintained Inter 's nine-point lead at the top . Roma needed to win to breathe new life into the title race but they were dealt a cruel blow as French defender Philippe Mexes was sent-off late on for two bookings in quick succession . Inter capitalised and they have now lost only once in their last 65 league matches . The home side had the first clear-cut chance of the match and were within centimeters of taking the lead when Hernan Crespo met a cross from Patrick Vieira with an acrobatic volley , but saw his effort cannon back off the post . The defending champions were made to pay for that miss on 38 minutes as the visitors orchestrated a sublime goal . Neat footwork from Macedonia international Mirko Vucinic released Max Tonetto down the left and his pin-point cross was flicked home at the near post by Totti from six meters out as he stole in front of defender Cristian Chivu . Inter center-back Nicolas Burdisso should have restored parity in first-half stoppage time but his header from Luis Figo 's corner flew over the bar . Figo himself had a great chance on 54 minutes but after having time to set himself up for an attempted volley , he skewed his effort so badly that it did not even go out of play . After Mexes ' dismissal 10 from time , Inter laid siege to Roma 's goal . Goalkeeper Doni had to be alert to tip over Crespo 's header three minutes from time but he could do nothing about Zanetti 's volley a minute later . Meanwhile , AC Milan slipped to fifth place as they were held to a 1-1 draw at Catania . Brazilian teenager Pato gave them the lead early in the second half with a skimming long-range shot but substitute Gionathan Spinesi 's header earnt the Sicilians a point . Fiorentina are up to fourth after they defeated Livorno 1-0 at home thanks to a goal from Senegal forward Ndiaye Papa Waigo . E-mail to a friend	Javier Zanetti scores a late goal to earn Inter Milan a 1-1 draw against Roma The result keeps Inter nine points clear and retains their unbeaten league run AC Milan slipped to fifth position as they were held to a 1-1 draw at Catania
CNN  -- Syrian troops rolled into the northwestern city of Saraqib early Thursday morning , just hours after evening prayers there called for an end to President Bashar al-Assad 's reign , an opposition group said . This came as world powers scurried to find a solution to the five-month-long crisis engulfing the country . At least eight people were killed on Thursday in the ongoing security crackdown on anti-government demonstrators , activists said . In the latest diplomatic development , U.S. President Barack Obama and Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan underscored the "  urgency of the situation " during a phone call on Thursday , the White House said in a statement . Though U.S. officials have condemned the actions of al-Assad , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has not called for him to step down . "  We are , I think , building the -- chorus of international condemnation , " she told CBS News . "  Rather than us saying it and nobody else following , we think it 's important to lead and have others follow as well . " Meanwhile , the violence continued . In Saraqib , residents reported hearing heavy gunfire and seeing troops break down doors of local businesses during a search of the city for opposition activists , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . About 200 people had been arrested in Saraqib since troops seized the city earlier in the day , according to the Syrian Observatory group , which cited reports from opposition activists in the city . The identities of the activists were withheld at their request out of concerns for their security . The site of the latest military action is Idlib province -- whence thousands fled their homes in Jisr al-Shugur for Turkey after the Syrian military took control of that town . The operation has raised concerns that thousands may again flee to Turkey to escape the crackdown . Violence erupted in other towns and amid a growing chorus of international calls for Syria 's government to end its brutal drive on peaceful protesters , the observatory said . In al-Qusair , at the Syrian-Lebanese border , five people were killed ; in the eastern city of Deir Ezzor , three people died during raids and some activists ' homes were set afire , the observatory said . There have been ongoing raids in the city of Daraa and a sit-in in Suwaida , both cities in the south , and heavy gunfire was heard in the Bab Amer neighborhod of the western city of Homs , according to the observatory . Syrian forces had withdrawn from the center of the western city of Hama after troops laid siege to the city more than a week ago , Syria 's state-run news agency said . But the observatory said armored personnel carriers and machine guns mounted on vehicles remained in the city and 27 people have been detained . Seventy-two journalists -- including some from the United States and France -- toured Hama Wednesday with permission from the government , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  reported . CNN was not among them ; the government has limited access to the country by journalists in recent months . Scores of people were killed during the siege that coincided with last week 's start of the holy month of Ramadan , according to reports by opposition groups , including the Syrian Observatory and the Local Coordination Committees of Syria -- a loose coalition of groups that organize and document protests . The conflict in Syria erupted five months ago when Syrian forces suppressed protests in the southern city of Daraa . Anti-government fervor caught on nationwide as more protests were met with tougher crackdowns . By Wednesday , the death toll had reached 2,417 -- including more than 2,000 civilians , said the Local Coordination Committees of Syria . CNN is not able to independently verify accounts of events on the ground or the death tolls . As for Obama and Erdogan , they "  reiterated their deep concern about the Syrian Government 's use of violence against civilians and their belief that the Syrian people 's legitimate demands for a transition to democracy should be met , " the White House said . "  They agreed on the need for an immediate halt of all bloodshed and violence against the Syrian people . They further agreed to closely monitor the actions that the Syrian government is taking , and to consult closely in the days ahead . " CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Arwa Damon , Nada Husseini and Yesim Comert contributed to this report .	NEW : Journalists allowed to tour Hama Syrian troops arrest 200 opposition activists in Saraqib , witnesses say Obama , Turkish leader speak of the "  urgency of the situation " Activists say more than 2,000 civilians have died
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Japan will never stop its annual hunt for whales , a government minister has reportedly said , amid recent clashes on the high seas between environmental activists and Japanese whaling ships . "  I do n't think there will be any kind of an end for whaling by Japan , " Yoshimasa Hayashi , the Japanese minister for agriculture , forestry and fisheries , said in an interview with the French news service Agence France-Presse on Tuesday . His comments came after a U.S. judge described Sea Shepherd , the conservationist group that has sought to physically block the Japanese whale hunts , as "  pirates . " Arguing that Japan has "  a long tradition and culture of whaling , " Hayashi , the secretary-general of a pro-whaling group in the governing Liberal Democratic Party , pointed out other countries ' eating habits that may not have universal approval . "  In some countries they eat dogs , like Korea . In Australia they eat kangaroos , " he was cited as saying . "  We do n't eat those animals , but we do n't stop them from doing that because we understand that 's their culture . " The Japanese Ministry of Agriculture , Forestry and Fisheries confirmed that Hayashi gave the interview to AFP on Tuesday , but it declined to comment on the content of the article . Recent clashes The interview took place the same week that Sea Shepherd and Japanese whaling authorities reported fresh clashes in Antarctic waters , with each side accusing the other of causing dangerous collisions between ships . Japan 's Institute of Cetacean Research  ICR  -- which conducts whaling activities under the authority of the Ministry of Agriculture , Forestry and Fisheries -- accused Sea Shepherd ships of "  sabotage , " saying they rammed into a Japanese whaling vessel while it was trying to refuel on Monday . But Sea Shepherd 's Australian division countered with a different version of events , saying that the Japanese ship had caused the collisions . No injuries were reported . The two sides had exchanged angry claims about a previous clash last week , all part of drama that plays out each year in the chilly Antarctic waters . Japan annually hunts whales despite a worldwide moratorium , utilizing a loophole in the law that allows for killing the mammals for scientific research . Whale meat is commonly available for consumption in Japan . Environmental groups such as Sea Shepherd face off with the Japanese hunters , an approach that has resulted in collisions of ships , the detaining of activists and smoke bombs fired back and forth between the groups . Legal battles Sea Shepherd says the Japanese ships have intruded into Australian territorial waters and breached international and Australian law . The Australian government has been one of the most vocal critics of Japanese whaling and is currently pursuing international legal action to try to stop the hunting . But the ICR says its ships ' activities are perfectly legal , noting that a U.S. court has banned Sea Shepherd from threatening whaling ships ' operations or sailing within 500 yards of them . A U.S. judge in Seattle used strong words in a ruling Monday that overturned a previous decision from a district court that had denied an injunction requested by the ICR and its claims of piracy against Portland-based Sea Shepherd . "  You do n't need a peg leg or an eye patch , " Chief Judge Alex Kozinski of the Ninth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals said in his opinion . "  When you ram ships ; hurl glass containers of acid ; drag metal-reinforced ropes in the water to damage propellers and rudders ; launch smoke bombs and flares with hooks ; and point high-powered lasers at other ships , you are , without a doubt , a pirate , no matter how high-minded you believe your purpose to be , " the judge said . All of those acts , according to Kozinski , are part of Sea Shepherd 's tactics . He said the ICR has a permit issued by Japan under the International Convention for the Regulation of Whaling and noted that "  neither the United States nor Japan recognizes Australia 's jurisdiction over any portion of the Southern Ocean . " CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki in Tokyo contributed to this report .	Yoshimasa Hayashi cites Japan 's " long tradition and culture of whaling " Environmental groups face off each year with Japan 's whaling vessels The drama plays out in the chilly Antarctic waters A U.S. judge calls the conservationists "  pirates "
New York  CNN  -- President Obama 's decision to follow through on plans to reduce the American troop level in Iraq to 50,000 and shift away from combat missions is a sign that he believes America 's energy and resources can better be used elsewhere , says analyst Fareed Zakaria . Obama said Tuesday the U.S. is on track with the troop withdrawal and mission change to take effect at the end of this month . The president is proceeding while Iraq 's key political forces remain deadlocked over the makeup of the government . "  I think he views it as fundamentally a place where we have to reduce our profile , reduce our impact , " Zakaria said , "  because ultimately this was an act of hubris that needs to be reined in . " In Zakaria 's view , the efforts the U.S. has put into overturning the Saddam Hussein regime and stabilizing Iraq have not been worth the cost . "  In the long run , if Iraq does stabilize and becomes a workable , even a flawed democracy , then I do think that perhaps that judgment will change in the long view of history . But right now , if one were being honest , one would have to say it was n't worth it . " The author and host of CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " spoke to CNN on Wednesday . Here is an edited transcript : CNN : President Obama says that he 's fulfilling a promise by drawing down forces from Iraq to 50,000 by the end of this month . What 's the significance of that ? Fareed Zakaria : I think the greater significance than the troop numbers is that he said that American forces next month will stop doing combat missions . That is really a crucial change -- it 's the culmination of a process , it 's not abrupt -- but it really means the US military is out of the business of war fighting , of street fighting , the business of tackling militias and basically exists as a training force to help the Iraqi military to stabilize the Iraqi government . That gets the American military more into the role it has played in places like South Korea and Okinawa , than in the intense war-fighting , counter insurgency mold it 's been in in Iraq . I do think it 's an important turning point . CNN : What 's the state of the Iraqi regime now ? Zakaria : Iraq remains very troubled . You can not pretend otherwise . The simplest indication of this is 2 to 2.5 million people fled Iraq in the years after the invasion , mostly in 2004 , 2005 , 2006 , and from all accounts there is just a trickle of people returning . Most of the people who left were middle class , most were Sunni -- the managerial administrative elite of the country . The fact that they have n't returned tells you that they still do n't see much of a future for themselves in Iraq and until the Iraqi government is able to be genuinely pluralistic and genuinely open , genuinely a broad coalition , I think you will have the problems of instability . It 's caused by , on the one hand , Sunni extremist organizations that see the government as Shiite tyranny and , on the other hand , Shiite militias that try to combat those Sunni extremists . That 's where we remain -- it 's all at a much lower level , but the fundamental problem has n't gone away . The fundamental political problem has never been solved ; there has never been a genuine national reconciliation with a government that is trying to open itself to all segments of Iraqi society . The dysfunction that you see , the paralysis , is just the symptom . The deeper problem is the political divide . CNN : In light of that conflict , why is Obama proceeding with the withdrawal ? Zakaria : Obama believes this is a war we should never have gotten involved in , that it has been a waste of American resources -- most importantly American lives but also treasure -- and that his job is to minimize the exposure of the United States to this and reduce our commitments so that he can focus America 's energy and efforts in other places . And he 's been very disciplined about this , very unsentimental about it . When you say is it still unstable , I think the answer is yes , but I do n't think Obama is waiting for this place to become like Italy or France , a developed democracy , before he reduces the commitment to a significantly smaller number . CNN : Which way could this go -- toward further healing or the possibility of renewed civil war ? Zakaria : Renewed civil war seems highly unlikely . An adviser to General Petraeus once put it this way -- he said Iraq will stabilize once the Sunnis realize that they have lost , and the Shias realize they have won . And I think that fundamentally has happened . The Sunnis realize they ca n't overturn this government militarily . Of course there are some insurgent groups and some militia activity but basically it 's sporadic and represents a small element of the population . The rest of them are dissatisfied , but they 're not going to take up arms . And I think the Shias realize they have more to gain by staying in the system , which they dominate , than by trying to overturn it . So I do n't see civil war , but I think Iraq is going to remain very unsatisfying to outside observers . It does not seem on trajectory to become a happy liberal democracy ... I think the United States should have been playing a much stronger role in pushing the Iraqi government to accommodate all segments of society and create a genuine national coalition . Under the Bush administration , we focused all our attention on the military elements of the problem until very late when General Petraeus came in . Even then the civilian side has not pushed hard to create these compromises and coalitions . And under the Obama administration , there has been a very weak ambassador who has also had a kind of hands-off role . American influence is diminishing but it 's still considerable , and it 's surprising to me that we did n't use it to try to create a more stable governing coalition ... CNN : Stepping back , at this point what is the likely verdict of history on the US involvement in Iraq ? Zakaria : So far at this point it 's very difficult to make the case that the benefits have overridden the costs . As I said , you have 2.5 million Iraqis who fled , thousands , maybe tens of thousands who were killed , thousands of Americans who were killed , enormous expenditure , and there 's not much to show for it . It is absolutely true that Saddam Hussein 's rule was an evil regime , significantly more evil than your run of the mill dictatorship , this was more like a totalitarian regime , but it 's been replaced by a very dysfunctional polity . And to the average Iraqi , it 's been a really , really difficult , unstable seven years , which has been plagued by violence , the collapse of their living standards , constant interruptions in their normal daily life from things like power outages . CNN : Are there lessons here for what the U.S. is doing in Afghanistan ? Zakaria : I think the main lesson I would say is to be modest about what you can achieve and work hard on the political compromises , because those are the key . You can achieve a certain level of stability by using the military , but the underlying problem does n't go away . And in the Afghan case , the issue is : Can you find a way to get the Pashtuns reconciled to the Karzai government without alienating the other ethnic groups in Afghanistan ? We tend not to think in those terms in the United States . We tend to think of good guys and bad guys , but the truth is that the ethnic divisions are real and lasting , and they just have to be accommodated . There has to be a way to share power .	President Obama says withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq is on track Obama 's view is that the war was not worth the loss of lives , money , says Fareed Zakaria Zakaria says costs outweighed the benefits of ousting Saddam Hussein He says Iraq has n't yet had a genuine national reconciliation between key parties
CNN  -- Bud Greenspan , the filmmaker known for producing documentaries about the inspirational stories of Olympic athletes , has died . Greenspan , 84 , succumbed Saturday afternoon to complications from Parkinson 's Disease , according to companion Nancy Beffa . Greenspan , who began his career in sports radio broadcasting in the mid-1940s , became a filmmaker a decade later . His first documentary to attract widespread attention was his 1964 film , "  Jesse Owens Returns to Berlin . " That documentary -- and 21 other Greenspan films that made up the series "  The Olympiad " -- garnered him an Emmy Award in 1976 . Greenspan went on to make numerous other films including docudramas . He also authored several books about the Olympics . CNN was provided with an e-mail Beffa received from Norm Bellingham after he had been told of Greenspan 's death . Bellingham is chief operating officer of the U.S. Olympic Committee and an Olympic gold medalist . "  I am feeling a terrible loss , " Bellingham . "  I was just thinking of him this morning -- looking through the many Olympic stories and wondering how he picked the ones that he did and then sorted out how to tell them with such extraordinary power . " In a prepared statement released Sunday afternoon , USOC chief executive officer Scott Blackmun said , "  For more than six decades , Bud Greenspan has connected the Olympic Movement to everyday people in ways the founders of the Games could n't have imagined . " "  While the entire Olympic Movement mourns the loss of a giant today , " Blackmun stated , "  his stories will continue to live on , carrying his passion for the Olympic Movement for years and years to come . " CNN 's John Branch contributed to this report .	Olympic documentary filmmaker Bud Greenspan dies at 84 Greenspan died of complications from Parkinson 's disease , his companion says Greenspan made uplifting films about Olympic athletes overcoming tragedy
CNN  -- England striker Wayne Rooney scored his 100th English Premier League goal to help Manchester United keep their title hopes alive with a stunning 3-1 win at rivals Arsenal . The in-form Rooney , who had scored 22 goals in all competitions this season prior to the match -- including four against Hull City last weekend -- achieved the milestone with United 's second goal , a brilliant finish following a devastating counter-attack . United , who won by the same scoreline at the Emirates in last year 's Champions League semifinal , needed a victory to keep pace with Chelsea at the top of the table -- and they took a 33rd-minute lead with a moment of skill from Portuguese winger Nani . Nani , who has failed to establish himself as a regular during his time at Old Trafford , flicked the ball past Arsenal 's Gael Clichy and Samir Nasir on the right wing , before producing a delicate lob that goalkeeper Manuel Almunia could only palm into his own net . And United doubled their lead four minutes later when Nani out-stripped the Arsenal defence on the break and Rooney -- who had started the move -- ran half the length of the pitch to be on hand in support to fire past Almunia . Arsenal continued to press forward looking for a way back into the match , but once again they were caught on the break as this time Korean Ji-Sung Park burst through a huge gap in the home defence to slide home the decisive third goal early in the second half . United had chances to increase their advantage with both Rooney and Nani close to adding a fouth , but it was Arsenal who claimed a late consolation when Thomas Vermaelen 's shot found the net after taking a deflection off Jonny Evans . "  That was a great performance by us . We played really well , " United manager Sir Alex Ferguson told Sky Sports . "  This is the time of the season we really need to kick on -- and it was an impressive result . We were sharp and incisive and could have scored more . "  But we are still behind Chelsea and I hope that Arsenal go there and batter them next Sunday ! " The result means United remain a point behind Chelsea at the top of the table , although the London side have a game in hand -- at Hull on Tuesday . Arsenal are now five points behind Chelsea in third place having played a game more and , if Chelsea win in midweek , that gap will increase to eight points ahead of the two sides meeting at Stamford Bridge next Sunday . It proved a good day for Manchester as United 's rivals City maintained their push for a Champions League place with a comfortable 2-0 home win over crisis-club Portsmouth . Bottom-of-the-table Portsmouth -- who agreed to sell defender Younes Kaboul to Tottenham this weekend just so the wage bill could be paid -- went behind when Emmanuel Adebayor fired City ahead with his first goal since his traumatic experience with Togo at the Africa Cup of Nations in Angola . And City made the points safe on the stroke of half-time when Vincent Kompany powered a header past goalkeeper David James from Martin Petrov 's corner .	England striker Wayne Rooney scores his 100th Premier League goal on Sunday Rooney helps Manchester United claim a superb 3-1 victory at Premier League rivals Arsenal The result keeps champions United just a point behind leaders Chelsea at the top of the table
CNN  -- In a historic turnaround , the ballot box is showing America 's shifting attitudes about same-sex marriage . After gay marriage rights died at the polls dozens of times in the past , on Tuesday they passed in at least two states . Rarely do popular votes reflect such dramatic social changes . The result : Maryland and Maine will now allow couples like Chyrino Patane and James Trinidad to tie the knot . The Maryland couple has been together for seven years , and now , after the historic vote , they plan to marry in the next six months to a year . "  Both families will be at the wedding , " Patane said . But the win was hard fought and the margin of victory was small . "  We 've lost at the ballot box 32 times , " said Paul Guequierre of Human Rights Campaign . "  History was made tonight . " In Maine , Erica Tobey and Ali Ouellette wed in September , but only now will the women 's marriage be recognized under Maine law . "  It 's hard to overstate the national significance of this vote , " Marc Solomon , campaign director at Freedom to Marry , said of the Maine referendum . Related : French ministers back same-sex marriage In Maryland , where just 51.9 % of voters approved gay marriage rights , "  It was a little bit pins and needles , " said Human Rights Campaign 's Kevin Nix . "  It was going to be a close call all along . " A similar ballot measure in Washington state is pending . And in Minnesota , voters rejected a measure that would have banned same-sex marriage . Pollsters got a hint of the coming change . Recent national surveys have shown shifting attitudes toward same-sex marriage , with a majority of Americans now approving of marriages between two men or two women . A June CNN/ORC poll , for example , reflected such a shift in opinion in the U.S. Support has been growing for decades . In the 1990s , most Americans told pollsters they did not know anyone close to them who was gay . By 2010 , the number of Americans who said they had a gay or lesbian close friend or family member was 49 % . This year , that number stands at 60 % . Maryland , Maine approve same-sex marriage Election Day brought two additional gains for proponents of same-sex marriage : Wisconsin elected America 's first openly lesbian senator , Democrat Tammy Baldwin , and President Obama became the first president to openly support same-sex marriage and get re-elected . Wisconsin 's Baldwin is first openly gay person elected to Senate "  I have never been this happy after an election in my 17 years of voting , " said Derek Hurder from Hampden , Maine , who 's been with his partner , Chris McLaughlin , for a year and a half . They 're not yet ready for marriage , but they were elated about having the option . And they both voted to re-elect the president . The change in attitude makes them feel more comfortable , but that has its limits . "  I would n't feel safe walking down the street holding hands , " Hurder said . Patane and Trinidad share their Catholic faith and are despondent that the church wo n't recognize their union . "  I believe in a religious marriage , " Trinidad said . "  I recognize that it 's going to be a nonreligious wedding . " Tobey and Ouellette , who met four years ago , tied the knot last September -- in a church . "  We are affiliated with the United Methodist Church , which on the whole does not support same-sex marriage , " Tobey said . But their church made a hearty exception . "  We had three pastors who know us and love us and agreed to do that for us . " The legal situation led the couple to do things in reverse order . After their wedding , they applied for a name change . Now that the referendum has passed , they 'll apply for a marriage license . Maine should begin granting marriage licenses to same-sex couples in mid-December , according to same-sex marriage supporters at Freedom to Marry . What the measures say The two measures that passed , called "  Question 1 " in Maine and "  Question 6 " in Maryland , contain similar language . The words man and woman "  relating to the marital relationship or familial relationships must be construed to be gender-neutral for all purposes , " the Maine measure says . Maryland 's ballot reads , "  Civil marriage laws allow gay and lesbian couples to obtain a civil marriage license . " Both measures also explicitly mention the right of clergy to refuse to wed gay and lesbian couples if it goes against their religious convictions . "  This chapter does not require any member of the clergy to perform or any church , religious denomination or other religious institution to host any marriage in violation of the religious beliefs of that member of the clergy , church , religious denomination or other religious institution , " Maine 's Question 1 states . The governments of Maine and Maryland had passed laws permitting same-sex marriage , but activists opposed to the laws collected enough signatures to put them on a ballot , said Fred Sainz , a spokesman for Human Rights Campaign , which raised $ 32 million for its campaigns on the referendums that included radio and television ads , social media strategy and on-the-ground canvassing by thousands of volunteers . Opponents of same-sex marriage say the new laws in both states will redefine marriage for everyone as a genderless union and endanger the fabric of society . "  Such a radical change in the definition of marriage will produce a host of societal conflicts that government -- exercising its enormous enforcement powers -- will have to resolve , " argues Maryland Marriage Alliance . The group also published an online opinion by parents stating that legalizing same-sex marriage would lead to the promotion of homosexuality in school curriculum . Election results raise questions about Christian right 's influence Sainz believes the campaigns supporting the Maine measure paid off . In 2009 , a similar referendum in Maine failed when voters rejected the governor 's decision to allow same-sex marriage . Tuesday 's results represent a remarkable turnaround . "  The secret to our success is that we won over hearts and minds , " Sainz said . "  Americans are fair and want to see their gay and lesbian friends , co-workers and family members have the freedom to marry . " Thirty-eight states have passed bans on marriages between people of the same gender , mostly by amending their constitutions to define marriage as a union between a man and a woman . In the six states -- Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont , New Hampshire and New York -- and the District of Columbia where gays and lesbians have previously won marriage rights , it was because of actions taken by judges or legislators , not voters . On election night , Tobey joined friends as they all watched results on TV . She was n't expecting Maine 's ballot to pass . But then they heard the news . "  I said : ` Hey , did that just happen ? ' " She did a double take . CNN 's Rose Arce contributed to this report .	Voters in Maine and Maryland approve same-sex marriage It 's the first time voters have approved same-sex marriage In the past , only judges or legislatures had approved it The votes show a dramatic shift in attitudes over the decades
Editor 's note : This is part of a series of reports CNN.com is featuring from an upcoming , six-hour television event , "  God 's Warriors , " hosted by CNN chief international correspondent Christiane Amanpour . Madeleine Albright : "  In order to effectively conduct foreign policy today , you have to understand the role of God and religion . " WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As U.S. secretary of state under former President Clinton , Madeleine Albright invested long hours in the Middle East peace process . She wrote about the relationship between politics and religion in her 2006 book , "  The Mighty and the Almighty . " CNN producer Jen Christensen recently spoke with Albright for "  God 's Warriors . " Here is an edited portion of their conversation : CNN : Growing up I was told that in polite conversation you never talk about two things : politics and religion ; however , our documentary , "  God 's Warriors , " is going to do just that . Part of the problem though in looking at these issues is the loaded quality of the language . Even our starting point . We essentially had to create a term , "  God 's Warriors , " as the traditional term "  fundamentalism " seemed problematic . Did you encounter the same problem when you were writing "  The Mighty and the Almighty " ? Watch the making of the TV special "  God 's Warriors " " Albright : Well , I think it 's a very hard term , fundamentalism , as you 're obviously finding . Historically , it 's a term that described Christians who believed that everything that was in the Bible was exactly so . But now it 's been used to describe everybody in the three Abrahamic religions who is conservative or reactionary . One of the things that I found in writing my book -LSB- was -RSB- that fundamentalism was a term that I was having trouble with . Because it has gotten ascribed to it a lot of negative associations . CNN : In your book , you argue for a better understanding of religion in the U.S. foreign policy arena . Is n't that a revolutionary idea for this generation of diplomats trained more in the realist school of foreign policy ? Albright : As a practitioner of foreign policy , I certainly come from the generation of people who used to say , "  X problem is complicated enough . Let 's not bring God and religion into it . " But through my being in office , and as I explored the subject much further in writing "  The Mighty and the Almighty , " I really thought that the opposite is true . In order to effectively conduct foreign policy today , you have to understand the role of God and religion . ... My sense is that we do n't fully understand , because one , it 's pretty complicated , and two , everyone in the U.S. believes in a separation of church and state , so you think , "  Well , if we do n't believe in the convergence of church and state , then perhaps we should n't worry about the role of religion . " I think we do that now at our own peril . Religion is instrumental in shaping ideas and policies . It 's an essential part of everyday life in a whole host of countries . And obviously it plays a role in how these countries behave , so we need to know what the religious influence is . CNN : We interviewed a human rights lawyer in Jerusalem , Danny Seidemann , who has on occasion helped peace negotiators in Israel get ready for talks . He said one of the main problems with President Clinton 's Camp David -LSB- talks -RSB- was that a lot of the preparation was done by "  yuppies in Ramallah , yuppies in Tel Aviv and yuppies in the Beltway . " And that they did n't really understand the religious people who in the end would have to buy into the results of the negotiations in order for them to succeed . He said without that understanding the agreement was doomed . Albright : Well , I ca n't say I fully agree with him . I 've talked about what I think we did right and what we did wrong at Camp David . I think that there was a mistake made , which was not understanding how difficult the issue of Jerusalem and the holy places would be . If Jerusalem was just a real estate issue , we would have resolved it a long time ago . But because the parties believe that God gave them that piece of land , then obviously there 's another presence in the room that we needed to take into account . I disagree with the statement because President Clinton knew a great deal about the religious background . I had the honor of working for two democratic presidents , President Carter and President Clinton , and they 're both very religious and both very knowledgeable about the religious backgrounds of the Middle East . CNN : The fate of Jerusalem seems to be a particularly tricky issue . Albright : Anybody that can really solve that issue is a Solomon . With this being holy to all three of the Abrahamic religions , it 's very difficult . And religion , rather than bringing people together on this , is driving them apart , which ... I do n't think -LSB- is -RSB- what is intended . It 's so interesting ; we 're talking about the whole issue of sovereignty here . Because the parties both believed that God gave them that little piece of land , we started playing with a term , which was that it belonged to God . Divine sovereignty . Anybody who 's been to Jerusalem can see why it is so complicated . Physically , religious holy places are completely intertwined , one on top of the other . So in many ways , there 's great appeal to saying it belongs to God , and then trying to figure out how it -LSB- is -RSB- administered , maybe through some international group of some kind . CNN : Is Jerusalem a place where we could have this kind of utopian area , where the three faiths could all live peacefully together ? Albright : Well , ideally , though it certainly does n't seem that way at this point . And while the United States or the -LSB- Mideast -RSB- Quartet needs to play a key role in what to do with Jerusalem , ultimately the parties there in Israel are the ones that have to make the hard decisions . If there ever is a will to do this , just think about the incredible opportunities here . People would be able to learn about all three of these great religions in the same place . They 'd be able to see how they relate to each other . It does sound a little utopian , well , very utopian at this point , but Jerusalem is an incredible place . I found the first time I went to Jerusalem , my initial reaction was , people are arguing over all this all the time , it made me think , well , there ca n't be a God , why would God put up with this ? And then I had the total opposite reaction . One that stays with me , which is that there are so many holy places and symbols there , and all anybody talks about is their relationship to those symbols and to God , and therefore the power of God must be so strong there . I just think that it would be much better if people could figure out ... how to agree about it . CNN : So , therefore , how to figure out the fate Jerusalem is the perfect example of why we need to include religious understanding in our foreign policy . Albright : Definitely . I am not a theologian , and I have not turned into a religious mystic , but I am a practical problem solver . So I 'm looking at religion from the perspective of how knowledge about what people believe in can be useful in terms of trying to resolve the most serious disputes . I think one of the major problems is that here in the United States , particularly , there is very little understanding of Islam . We all act as if Islam is a monolithic religion and that all Muslims live in the Middle East . The bottom line is most Muslims in the world do n't live in the Middle East . They live in Indonesia , or Malaysia , or India , um , Pakistan . Second , there are a number of different sects within Islam . Now I think more people understand the difference between Shia and Sunni , but that is just the beginning . We really do not know anything about it . I think it behooves our diplomats to be very knowledgeable about religion when they are sent to a country . They obviously learn the language and the history -LSB- and -RSB- culture ; they also need to learn about the religion , too . CNN : What impact has the religious right had on politics ? Albright : Everybody ... has -LSB- an -RSB- impact on politics , that 's what democracy is about . I think they have more of an impact on domestic than foreign policy . CNN : But you mention in your book that some gave you a hard time when you were the U.S. representative to the U.N. Albright : Well , the extremists really are very nervous in terms of the question of sovereignty and the creation of an international organization , which they misinterpret to be world government , which it actually is not . And then there are the even more extreme views -- you know , some of them saw the secretary-general as the antichrist and that I was consorting with the devil . These are the people who are afraid of the U.N. , because they think it has black helicopters that will swoop down and steal your lawn furniture . And then there are some people who do n't like the U.N. because it 's full of foreigners , which frankly ca n't be helped . So you have a wide range of critics there . E-mail to a friend	Albright served as U.S. secretary of state under former President Clinton She wrote about the relationship between politics and religion in her 2006 book "  Religion is instrumental in shaping ideas and policies , " she says
CNN  -- When it comes to the fiscal challenges facing our country , Republicans always insist on taking the hard road . They nearly set off a recession by waiting until just after New Year 's Eve to agree to keep taxes from rising for millions of middle-class families . They caused the first credit downgrade in our country 's history by threatening a catastrophic default . And now they seem ready -- even eager -- to let painful automatic spending cuts take effect , which would result in the loss of at least a million jobs . The good news is there 's an easier path . Obama calls for short-term fix to imminent spending cuts We can stop this self-inflicted wound to our economy -- and we must -- but we have to act fast . There are many common sense ways to reduce our deficit and avert the sequester , which would hit defense and domestic programs with $ 1.2 trillion in indiscriminate cuts over 10 years . While we have started discussing some of these ideas at the Senate Democratic retreat this week , here are few of mine : -- We should begin by applying the nearly $ 700 billion in savings from ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan toward reducing the deficit and avoiding these automatic cuts . -- We should let Medicare negotiate drug prices , which would save as much as $ 200 billion over 10 years and lower drug costs for seniors . -- And we should crack down on tax fraud and corporate tax evasion , which could help save more than $ 100 billion a year . These three proposals alone could help us save nearly $ 2 trillion over 10 years . They are popular with the public and would help us address our long-term fiscal challenges . These savings would build on the almost $ 1.5 trillion in spending cuts that we have already approved since President Barack Obama took office , which are helping to reduce our deficits to the lowest level in five years . House Republicans have offered their alternative to avoiding the sequester , known as "  Plan C. " The plan would spare the Pentagon any pain , but it would slash investments that benefit the middle class , seniors , children and the poor -- from child lunches to cancer research to meals on wheels programs . That 's not a solution -- it 's a recipe for disaster . We can do better . Americans got a wake-up call last week when the GDP figures were released , showing that our economy shrank by 0.1 % in the fourth quarter of 2012 . A massive dose of austerity is exactly the wrong prescription for our country right now . The president was right when he said on Tuesday that our economy is heading in the right direction and will continue to do so as long as Congress does not inflict more damage . Our top priority should be strengthening the economy , and that includes preserving critical investments in things such as education , transportation and medical research that create jobs . When it comes to reducing our debt , let 's take the easy path . That means a balanced approach of new revenues and sensible spending cuts that will keep our economy growing and protect American families . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Barbara Boxer .	Barbara Boxer : There are many ways to reduce our deficit and avert the sequester Boxer : I offer three ideas , including cracking down on tax fraud and corporate tax evasion She says House Republicans ' "  Plan C " is not a solution , it 's a recipe for disaster Boxer : Our top priority should be to strengthen the economy using a balanced approach
CNN  -- The sound of heavy weapons and machine gun fire echoed through the night in the restive city of Al-Rastan after a large number of tanks moved in to block key roads and areas of town , an opposition activist said Monday . "  Several tanks have been in place since May at each of the entrances of the city , but Sunday a great number of tanks began blocking the agriculture parts of the town and the surrounding villages and even took positions inside Rastan , " said the activist , a member of the opposition Local Coordinating Committees who could not be identified because of security concerns . Elsewhere in Syria , security forces captured and killed two activists in Qosair , a town in Homs province , according to the Local Coordinating Committees , the activist group that has been organizing anti-government protests . Students also continued their protests against the rule of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , chanting , "  No teaching , no learning until the fall of the regime " in Homs , Daraa and Damascus provinces . In Al-Rastan , more than 50 tanks were in and around the city in the northwestern part of Homs province , said the activist , whose claims could not be independently verified . The inflow of security forces means opposition groups are having trouble treating their wounded , the opposition activist told CNN . "  We have a major problem now that even though Rastan has one of the largest hospitals in Homs province we are unable to take our wounded out of fear of retaliation by security forces . Currently five to six tanks surround the hospital and we believe they may detain the wounded , " the activist said . People are scared to go to work in the area 's industrial port because it has been surrounded by tanks and "  just this week a young man was shot and killed by security forces , " the activist said . The Syrian government has been battling opposition activists for months in what the government calls a campaign against terrorists . At the United Nations , Foreign Minister Walid Moallem blamed "  foreign incitement " for the troubles , which he said were fueled by U.S. and European sanctions . "  This course can not in any way be reconciled with pronouncements about concern for the interests , security and rights of the Syrian people , " Moallem told the General Assembly . "  It further runs counter to the basic principles of human rights in defense of which these states base their interference in our internal affairs . " He said Syria had been "  a model of peaceful co-existence " among its people 's religious and ethnic groups , and that disturbing that peace was aimed at "  spreading Western hegemony over the countries of the Mediterranean and serving Israel 's expansionist interests . " On Monday , the state-run news agency SANA published a report citing an unnamed military source saying that authorities found Israeli weapons , explosives and stolen military uniforms in Homs and recovered weapons , ammunition detonators and other military supplies hidden in a drum and a water tank in the garden of a house in Naseeb , a city in Daraa province . Military engineers also dismantled an explosive device next to Daraa University that could have killed more than 300 people , SANA reported . Nearly 3,000 people have died in the government 's crackdown , according to some accounts . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : Syria 's foreign minister blames "  foreign incitement " for anti-government protests Tanks move in to cut off parts of a city in troubled Homs province , activist claims Tanks are surrounding the hospital in Al-Rastan , the activist says State media reports discovery of weapons , ammunition and bomb materials in Homs and Daraa
Shenandoah , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- The Pennsylvania prosecutor who failed to secure felony convictions against two teens in the beating death of a Mexican immigrant says he thought his case was "  compromised " from the start . Like many residents in the small , tight-knit eastern Pennsylvanian community of Shenandoah , Schuylkill County District Attorney James Goodman knew that an officer investigating the death of Luis Ramirez was in a relationship with the mother of one the teens involved . Goodman also believed the investigation and evidence had n't been handled as it should have been . "  They did n't interview the perpetrators , the boys . In fact , not only did they not interview them , they picked them up , gave them rides , helped them concoct stories , brought them back and told the boys what to say , " Goodman told CNN . The son of Shenandoah Police Lt. William Moyer also played on the same football team as the teens who were involved in the July 2008 street brawl , according to court documents . Read excerpt from "  Latino in America " "  It 's clear they were trying to help these boys out , for whatever reason -- they were football players , these police officers were trying to help these boys out and limit their involvement in the death of Luis Ramirez . " Early on , Goodman says his office reached out to the U.S. Attorney 's Office with his concerns . Their investigation led to a federal indictment alleging that the teens , Brandon Piekarsky and Derrick Donchak , participated in a scheme to obstruct the investigation with the help of Moyer , Shenandoah Police Chief Matthew Nestor and Police Officer Jason Hayes , who was dating Piekarsky 's mother . Moyer , Nestor and Hayes pleaded not guilty in U.S. District Court in Scranton on Tuesday . Moyer and Hayes were released ; Nestor is being held under a magistrate 's order , his lawyer , Patrick M. Rogan said . "  The situation is very tragic in many ways and too many families and I 'm not in any way taking the attention away from what happened to the Ramirez family , " Rogan said . "  But I believe that after a full airing of the case and the situation that my client will be fully exonerated . " Piekarsky and Donchak are also charged with a federal hate crime for fatally beating Ramirez allegedly because of his race . The two are serving prison sentences after a Schuylkill County jury found them guilty in May of misdemeanor simple assault in Ramirez 's death . They were acquitted of felony charges of ethnic intimidation , a hate crime according to Pennsylvania law , and hindering apprehension . Piekarsky , who was accused of delivering the fatal kick to Ramirez 's head while he was on the ground , also was found not guilty of third-degree homicide . Anticipating the potential jury verdict , Goodman says his office considered a plea deal . "  We knew there were problems with the evidence , with what the police did , with the reports that were generated , " he said . "  We knew our case was compromised and we knew we did n't have the strongest case going forward and that 's why we entertained the plea deal . " The plea deal never panned out , but Goodman says he does not fault the jury for reaching its verdict . "  With the evidence , the police , what they did , we do n't get to pick our evidence either and you 've got to play the hand you 're dealt , " he said . "  We respect their verdict and now the federal system has spoken and we 'll see what happens there . " The federal indictment alleges that , shortly after the July 12 , 2008 fight , Piekarsky went with Hayes and Moyer to the scene of the assault and told them about it . After talking with them , the indictment says Piekarsky went to Donchak 's home and made an agreement with Donchak and others , including two of the alleged participants "  to give a false account of the assault on L.R. -LSB- Luiz Ramirez -RSB- to authorities in official statements , " the indictment says . Prior to leaving the home , the young men "  created a false version of events to be incorporated in official police reports which omitted references to Brandon Piekarsky kicking L.R. and to the racial motivation for the assault , " the indictment alleges . Moyer is accused of instructing the teens to dispose of their shoes ; he is also accused of mischaracterizing witness accounts to minimize Piekarsky 's role . Hayes and Nestor are accused of creating false and misleading investigative reports , among other allegations , according to the indictment . Piekarsky 's relationship with the officers and rumors of a cover-up have been circulating among the community ever since Ramirez died after two days on life support . Ramirez , a 25-year-old father of two , was living with the mother of his children , a lifelong resident of Shenandoah . He was walking her sister home the night of July 12 when he encountered Piekarsky , Donchak and several other members of the Shenandoah High School football team , who were leaving a local festival . Prosecutors alleged that the teens baited Ramirez into the initial confrontation after a night of drinking , hurling racial epithets at the undocumented Mexican immigrant . After the fight broke up , witnesses said Ramirez came back at the teens . They beat him so severely that , according to medical testimony , brain tissue oozed out of his skull during surgery at a hospital . Defense lawyers argued that Ramirez 's death was a street brawl gone wrong that was not motivated by racial bias . They also suggested that Ramirez was responsible for triggering the second confrontation . Ramirez 's fiancee , Crystal Dillman , said the indictments bring a measure of hope that justice will finally be served . "  We prayed for this day . And it finally happened . It was a gift from God , a Christmas present from God . It was a long-time coming but it was definitely worth the wait . " CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg , Soledad O'Brien and Brian Rokus contributed to this report .	Pennsylvania prosecutor says police helped teens falsify stories in deadly street brawl Two teens were acquitted of felony charges in the death of Mexican immigrant Luis Ramirez Three police officers , including police chief , accused in federal indictment of cover-up
Tapping away at his computer in the study of the suburban compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan , that he called home for the last years of his life , Osama bin Laden wrote memos urging his followers to continue to try to attack the United States , suggesting , for instance , they mount assassination attempts against President Obama and Gen. David Petraeus . While he urged his organization on to attack America , bin Laden was also keenly aware that al Qaeda was in deep trouble because of the campaign of CIA drone strikes in Pakistan and also because the brutal tactics of his followers had alienated many Muslims . According to senior Obama administration officials who have reviewed the "  treasure trove " of the thousands of documents that were picked up by the U.S. Navy SEALs from bin Laden 's compound in Abbottabad , the leaders of al Qaeda understood that the group they led was "  beleaguered . " CNN was given a briefing this week by senior administration officials who have been analyzing the documents . Bin Laden wrote a 48-page memo to a deputy in October 2010 that surveyed the state of his organization . He was particularly concerned that al Qaeda 's longtime sanctuary in Waziristan in Pakistan 's tribal areas was now too dangerous because of the campaign of American drone strikes there that had picked off many of his key lieutenants . According to a count by the New America Foundation , the CIA launched a record number of 118 strikes into the tribal regions during 2010 , the year bin Laden wrote this memo . Bin Laden advised his followers not to move around the tribal regions except on overcast days when America 's all-seeing satellites and drones would not have as good coverage of the area . He also urged his followers to depart the tribal regions for the remote Afghan provinces of Ghazni , Zabul and , in particular , Kunar , pointing out that the high mountains and dense forests of Kunar provided especially good protection from prying American eyes . Bin Laden fretted about his 20-year-old son , Hamza , who had recently been released from house arrest in Iran , instructing his deputy to tell his son to move out of Waziristan . He also provided elaborate instructions about how Hamza might evade the surveillance of the American drones in the tribal regions by meeting members of al Qaeda inside a particular tunnel on the road between the western Pakistani town of Kohat and the city of Peshawar . During his final days , bin Laden 's world was filled with paranoia . He instructed that Hamza should throw out anything he had taken with him from Iran as it might contain some kind of tracking device , and that he should avoid the company of a man who might have ties to the Pakistani intelligence services . Bin Laden also reminded his deputies that all internal communications should be made by letter rather than by phone or the Internet . As a result , according to administration officials , bin Laden had to wait for responses to his queries to his deputies that could sometimes take up to two or three months to be delivered -- surely not an efficient way to run any organization . Bin Laden also advised his lieutenants that when they kidnapped someone they should take many precautions during the negotiating process and also throw away any bags that contained ransom money because they might also contain a tracking device . The spectacular set of self-inflicted mistakes made by al Qaeda 's affiliate in Iraq weighed heavily on the minds of bin Laden and his top advisers . Privately , they criticized the brutal tactics of al Qaeda in Iraq , which had provoked a tribal uprising against al Qaeda that had dealt a large blow to the group 's position in Iraq from 2006 onward . Until the end , bin Laden remained fixated on attacking the United States , prodding his deputy to "  nominate one of the qualified brothers to be responsible for a large operation in the U.S. " According to administration officials , bin Laden 's number two , Ayman al-Zawahiri , pushed back , telling bin Laden it was much more realistic to attack American soldiers in Afghanistan than American civilians in the United States . Bin Laden did urge his followers to scope out opportunities to attack President Obama or Petraeus while they were in Afghanistan . At the time , Petraeus was the commanding general of NATO soldiers in Afghanistan . Bin Laden noted snidely that killing Obama would pave the way for Vice President Joe Biden to assume the presidency . The al Qaeda leader said Biden was "  totally unprepared " for the job . Above all , bin Laden constantly fretted about his media image , pointing out to his deputies that "  a huge part of the battle is in the media . " For the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks , bin Laden wanted his media team to emphasize particularly that the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq were one of the main reasons for the financial crisis in the United States .  Bin Laden bought his compound in Abbottabad with cash , so presumably he did n't quite understand the dimensions of the subprime mortgage debacle . One of his media advisers , who U.S. officials believe to be the American al Qaeda recruit Adam Gadahn , suggested bin Laden take advantage of the 9/11 anniversary in 2011 to record a ` high definition ' videotape message that could be given to all the major American news networks , except to Fox News , which Gadahn said "  lacks neutrality . " It does n't appear that bin Laden made such a tape . Administration officials say it is strange that in all the documents recovered at the bin Laden compound there is no mention at all of al Qaeda 's plot to use liquid explosives to bring down as many as seven American , British and Canadian passenger planes flying from Heathrow Airport in 2006 . If this plot had succeeded it might have rivaled 9/11 as a spectacular attack . Bin Laden moved into his Abbottabad compound either at the end of 2005 or sometime in 2006 and an administration official says that , perhaps , information about the Heathrow plot "  got lost in the move . "	Peter Bergen : Osama bin Laden 's final writings show al Qaeda felt under siege He says the al Qaeda leader was still determined to strike at the U.S. Bergen says bin Laden urged assassination attempts against U.S. officials He says bin Laden 's writings showed his final days were filled with paranoia
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thailand 's floodwaters inched toward downtown Bangkok Saturday , threatening some subway stations as leaders urged residents not to open defenses set up to divert the waters from the capital . At least six subway stations are on the floodway , authorities said . Residents have threatened to open the defenses to drain water from their flooded neighborhoods , the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration said . "  The main problem of solving flood is no longer technical but people , " Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra said during the weekly radio address . The flooding has killed 442 people , the Interior Ministry said . Of Thailand 's 64 provinces , 25 have been affected . Bangkok 's central business district is still dry but other parts of the bustling metropolis of 12 million people are inundated . The flooding has had an enormous business impact as many factories and offices have been under water for more than a month . Affected businesses include Hi Tech Industrial Park , where Canon and Sony own assembly plants . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Interior Ministry : Flooding has killed 442 people It is Thailand 's worst flooding in decades
Ciudad Juarez , Mexico  CNN  -- Authorities in this violence-plagued border city Thursday were investigating a series of attacks the day before that left 14 people dead , including four people who were slain aboard an ambulance . Among the attacks Wednesday , gunmen ambushed an ambulance that was transporting two dialysis patients to a hospital in Juarez , police said . The driver of the ambulance and another person traveling with the group also died in the attack . Photos from the scene showed a dusty white ambulance with the passenger-side window shot out , blood smeared across the car door and bullet marks on the windshield . The ambulance traveled to Juarez from the city of Nuevo Casas Grandes , about 170 miles away , police said . Juarez , one of Mexico 's most violent cities , shares a border with El Paso , Texas . The border city has become a symbol of the brutal realities of the nation 's drug war , which has claimed about 43,000 lives since President Felipe Calderon declared a crackdown on cartels in December 2006 . Crime rates in Juarez have declined since last year , with the daily homicide rate dropping from about eight in 2010 to six in 2011 . Chacon reported this story from Ciudad Juarez , Mexico . Valencia wrote the story in Atlanta .	Police say gunmen ambushed an ambulance The attack is one of several in Ciudad Juarez Crime rates in the border city have gone down
Accra , Ghana  CNN  -- The sudden death of Ghana 's president , John Atta Mills , on July 24 did not come as a rude surprise . Most Ghanaians already knew his health was failing ; he was losing his eyesight and voice . For the seven months that I was in Ghana  Dec 2011-July 2012  , he rarely made a public appearance -- and despite official assertions to the contrary , most people did not believe he had the will nor the capacity to campaign for re-election in this year 's elections in December . Thousands of mourners pay respects to their late leader What was remarkable , however , was that within hours of his death , the Vice-President , John Mahama , had been sworn in as the new president . The smoothness of the transition was exactly how Atta Mills would have wanted it . He was a man of peace and ardent believer in the rule of law . Ghana in mourning after president dies The smooth transfer of power not only attested to the strength and stability of Ghana 's democracy but also stood in sharp contrast to the rocky and chaotic transitions that followed the deaths of presidents Felix Houphouet-Boigny of Ivory Coast in 1993 ; Musa Yar ` Ardua of Nigeria in 2010 and Bingu wa Mutharika of Malawi in 2012 . Obama hailed Ghana as ` model for democracy ' Also standing in sharp contrast to the smooth political transition process is the performance of Ghana 's economy . After a stellar performance the past few years , the economy has hit some road bumps . At a time when Europe has been in deep crisis , Ghana 's economy galloped at a dizzying 14.5 % rate of growth in 2011 . In the fourth quarter , the rate was an astonishing 16 % . The country achieved a single digit inflation rate of 8.6 % and the lowest fiscal deficit to GDP ratio of 4.8 % in decades , according to figures from the Minister of Finance . Moreover , Ghana attracted $ 7 billion in foreign investment -- the highest amount recorded in its history . This economic boom has been sparked by recent discovery and production of oil . However , prospects for 2012 have dimmed . The projected growth rate has been scaled back to 10 % , although still impressive . An IMF team which visited the country in June described the economy as "  sick " -- perhaps , an unintended allusion to the condition of the president . The external value of the local currency , the cedi , has dropped precipitously from 1.4 cedis to the dollar in January 2.2 cedis to the dollar in July -- a drop of 57 % in terms of the local currency . That drop has made imports more expensive and pushed the rate of inflation up above 10 % . There is widespread grumbling about the rising cost of living . Former Ghana president : Fight poverty with wealth creation , not charity It may seem skeptics , who questioned the sustainability of Ghana 's economic success , are being proven right . They point to Ghana 's neighbor , Ivory Coast , which was once declared an "  economic miracle " back in the late 1990s but then convulsed into civil war and economic ruination in 2005 and 2010 . They ask further : Has n't oil been a curse to such countries as Angola , Cameroon and Nigeria , among others ? Is Ghana not destined to follow the same path ? To some extent , the skeptics have a point but that is not the whole picture . To be sure , Ivory Coast was declared an "  economic miracle " in the late 1980s and in 1994 , the World Bank declared Ghana to be an economic success story . However , received wisdom and accumulated evidence suggest that doing well economically is not enough . Intellectual freedom  freedom of expression , of the media , etc.  and political reform  establishment of democratic pluralism  are also needed to sustain economic prosperity . Countries that resist them eventually implode , unraveling all the economic gains made . This was what happened in Ivory Coast in 2005 and also in Yugoslavia  1995  , Indonesia  1998  , Madagascar  2001  , Tunisia  2011  and Egypt  2011  . In other words , democracy is not necessary to engineer an economic success story but vital to sustain it . In Ghana 's case , incomplete political liberalization and fitful intellectual reform clipped its economic success in the 1990s . However , things are much different today . The intellectual environment is much freer now . There are more than 100 private radio stations and over 20 privately-owned newspapers in Ghana . There is a vibrant and vigilant media that sparks intense intellectual debates . Call-in radio programs hold the feet of politicians to the fire and expose their shenanigans . Now and then , the country 's Supreme Court rules against the government . Freedom of information bill is wending its way through Parliament , although it has been dragging its feet . Media 's role in Ghanaian politics Politically , democracy is also being entrenched . Since 2000 , there have been two successful transfers of power without violence or bloodshed . And the smooth transfer of power after the president passed away is another feather in the Ghana 's democracy cap . All these bode well for the sustainability of the current economic prosperity . But still , some serious hurdles lie ahead for Ghana 's economic prosperity . First , the non-oil sector of the economy is performing poorly . Agriculture , which employs over 60 % of the population , grew marginally at 2.8 % in 2011 . With food production per capita declining , the country has to rely on food imports to feed itself . The performance of the manufacturing sector has also been weak . It is hard to find a manufactured good with the label , "  Made in Ghana . " As Ghanaians often lament , "  We do n't produce anything ; we import everything from tooth-picks to toilet paper . " As a result , imports are surging dangerously out of control . Ghana farmers lose out in gold mining boom The situation is eerily reminiscent of Nigeria in the 1980s when the country neglected its agriculture and manufacturing base and splurged on luxury imports . Army chiefs parked Maseratis and even Lamborghinis outside plush government villas , while their children attended expensive schools in Britain . One even had his Rolls Royce flown from Britain to Nigeria . Nigeria , which used to export food in the 1960s , now spends over $ 120 billion -LSB- latest figure I found -RSB- on food imports while 61 % of Nigerians now live in poverty . There are other bumps as well on Ghana 's road to economic prosperity . The bloated size of the government suffocates the economy . In 1997 , there were 88 cabinet and regional ministers plus their deputy ministers in a country with a population of 25 million . By 2004 , the number had reached 92 but now down to 84 . -LSB- The U.S. , with a population of 300 million , has 40 secretaries and assistant secretaries . -RSB- Too many ministries means overlapping jurisdiction and functions and a bloated bureaucracy . Indeed , the Vice President , John Mahama , has been complaining persistently about "  excessive bureaucracy and red-tapeism in the public sector " in the state-owned Daily Graphic . The public sector is riddled with overspending , wasteful practices and financial irregularities and profligacy . The situation has become so dire that the government consumes all it collects in revenue , leaving it with little or no savings to finance investments . For example , in 2011 , total revenue stood at GHÂ cents 12 billion  or $ 7.5 billion  but general government expenditures added up to GHÂ cents 13 billion , leaving the government with negative savings . Can Africa break its ` resource curse ' ? However , the biggest hurdle when I was in the country was the high level of anxiety , tension and uncertainty about the December poll . In times of uncertainty , investors hold on to their wallets and the rich park their wealth outside the country . Capital flight and surging imports have evidently contributed to the sharp drop in the external value of the local currency . I left Ghana for the U.S. on July 21 and President Atta Mills passed away on July 24 . Most likely , political tension in the country will abate somewhat as Ghanaians put away their differences to mourn their departed president . However , the uncertainty will resurface after the burial . While the new president , John Mahama , is respected and level-headed , he is unlikely to accomplish much before December . One wag has urged Ghanaians to vote for a "  Non-John " in December . Since 1981 , Ghana has had the following presidents : Jerry John Rawlings , John Kufuor , John Atta Mills , and now John Mahama . "  Enough JOHNS . Haba ! This is the worst form of name tribalism . Time for a revolution , " the wag exclaims . Well , Ghanaians will decide in December . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of George B.N. Ayittey .	Ghana , whose president John Atta Mills died in July , is holding elections in December The smooth transfer of power after his death attests to the strength of Ghana 's democracy Yet , serious obstacles lie ahead for Ghana 's economic prosperity Uncertainty about elections , coupled with bloated bureaucracy and overspending , are the biggest hurdles
CNN  -- Colombian Minister of Defense Rodrigo Rivera resigned Wednesday amid growing concern in the country over increased activity by the leftist Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia  FARC  . Rivera 's departure marks the first resignation of a cabinet minister in the 13 months that Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has been in office . Santos praised Rivera 's service , and quickly appointed as his replacement Juan Carlos Pinzon , a former vice minister of defense who also has been Santos ' chief of staff . The FARC has been at war with the Colombian government since the 1960s . While severely weakened in recent years , the leftist guerrilla group has continued to carry out kidnappings and attack security forces in the South American nation . The United States and European Union consider the FARC a terrorist organization . In the last months local authorities in various parts of Colombia have reported increased FARC activities , targeting mainly civilians and local communities . As many as 40 soldiers and police officers have died this year in attacks attributed to FARC , mainly in the southern part of the country . Before his departure , Rivera described his last months in office as decisive in the fight against FARC and said , "  We have bluntly hit the hardest blows to the organization 's drug-trafficking structure in our history . " Pinzon , the new Colombian minister of defense , pledged to continue working with greater strength and decisiveness , and said he would demand from the armed forces an attitude of discipline and ethics . Journalist Fernando Ramos in Bogota , Colombia , contributed to this report .	Rodrigo Rivera had boasted success in the fight against leftist guerrillas The cabinet resignation is the first of President Santos ' administration Ex-Vice Minister of Defense Juan Carlos Pinzon is named to replace Rivera FARC attacks , mainly on civilians , have been reported on the increase
CNN  -- Serena Williams avenged her 2009 French Open defeat against Svetlana Kuznetsova when beating the unseeded Russian 6-1 3-6 6-3 in a gripping quarterfinal . Kuznetsova lifted the trophy at Roland Garros in 2009 but was unable to repeat her success despite breaking the world No. 1 's serve for the first time in the tournament . Williams cruised to the first set in 28 minutes but that was an inaccurate barometer of what was to come , with the remainder of the match taking an hour and a half . Despite Kuznetsova taking an early break in the third set , Williams found another level to reach the French Open semifinals for the first time since 2003 . The 31-year-old may have 15 grand slams to her name but she will be conscious that only one of those came in Paris , back in 2002 when beating sister Venus in the final . "  I was so determined to get through that match , and I really , really , really wanted it more than anyone , I think , " she told reporters afterwards . "  I was really just fighting , giving it everything I had out there . I 've been able to come back a lot throughout my career . I do n't think anything really changed . " Victory extended Williams ' record winning streak to 29 matches , a run that has only been bettered by her sister Venus  35  and Belgium 's Justine Henin  32  this century . She will face Italian fifth seed Sara Errani in the semifinal after last year 's runner-up continued her fine form at Roland Garros when beating fourth seed Agnieszka Radwanska 6-4 7-6  8-6  . The victory was Errani 's first against a player ranked in the top five and now she must beat Williams for the first time if she is to return to the final , where she was beaten by Maria Sharapova last year . Former champion Monica Seles , who won the French Open three times between 1990-1992 , believes Errani 's chances are slim . "  I think Serena is playing the best clay court tennis of her life , " she told CNN . "  I think that having a tough match like she did today , when she played three sets , will only make her stronger . She 's also as focused as I 've ever seen her . " Williams may have lost in the first round in Paris last year but she has dominated the women 's game since -- winning Wimbledon , the Olympic singles and doubles , the U.S. Open and the WTA Championships . After paying tribute to Kuznetsova , who came into Roland Garros ranked No. 39 after missing the second half of last year with a knee injury , Williams turned her attentions to an opponent against whom she boasts a 5-0 record . "  Svetlana played very well , " she said after her toughest match of the championships . "  She 's such a great player . She 's taken a little time off due to injury , but she 's been consistent , at least in the slams . "  She has won this tournament before so I am happy to get through such a tough match . It was very difficult and I am very tired . "  Against Sara , it will be another tough match , she 's a great fighter . " Errani is now through to her third grand slam semifinal , having also made the last four at the U.S. Open last year . Having finally ended a run of 28 matches against players ranked in the top five , she is now hoping that Williams ' relative lack of success may count in her favor . "  It 's going to be very difficult because she 's very strong , and physically she 's an incredible athlete , " Errani said . "  She has a lot of power and it 's never easy to play against her . But maybe clay is a bit better than the other surfaces for me . " On Wednesday , defending champion Sharapova takes on Jelena Jankovic and Maria Kirilenko faces Victoria Azarenka in the remaining quarterfinals .	Serena Williams beats 2009 French Open Svetlana Kuznetsova in three sets World number one to face last year 's runner-up Sara Errani in last four Italian returns to semifinals after beating Agnieszka Radwanska in straight sets
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The UK 's Prince Harry has been serving on the frontline in Afghanistan and seen combat , but his deployment will be reviewed after the news was leaked by a U.S. Web site , the UK Ministry of Defense confirmed Thursday . He was deployed 10 weeks ago and his fellow soldiers were sworn to secrecy . "  At the end of the day I like to sort of be a normal person , and for once I think this is about as normal as I 'm ever going to get , " the 23-year-old prince said in a recent interview . Harry is third in line to the British throne and serves with the Blues and Royals . The information had been kept secret for security reasons , said Gen. Richard Dannatt , the chief of Britain 's General Staff . Because of the unique circumstances of the deployment . CNN , as well as other news organizations , chose to honor an embargo requested by the military . The prince is a member of a group called Joint Tactical Air Control , or JTAC . He holds the rank of cornet -- equivalent to a second lieutenant -- and serves as a forward air controller . Watch Prince Harry on the front lines in Afghanistan " His duties include calling in airstrikes and air support when necessary , guaranteeing the accuracy of bombing on the ground and guarding against incidents of friendly fire . "  As far as I 'm concerned , I 'm out here as a normal JTAC on the ground and not as Prince Harry , " he said . Harry is the younger son of Prince Charles , the heir to the British throne , and the late Princess Diana , who died in a Paris car crash in 1997 . The military confirmed his assignment after a U.S. Web site broke the news blackout -- and Dannatt expressed displeasure at the report . Watch how a top secret operation deployed Prince Harry " "  I am very disappointed that foreign Web sites have decided to run this story without consulting us , " Dannatt said in a written statement . "  It was my judgment that with an understanding with the media not to broadcast his whereabouts , the risk in  deploying him to Afghanistan  was manageable . "  Now that the story is in the public domain , the Chief of Defence Staff and I will take advice from the operational commanders about whether his deployment can continue . " Last year , the military ruled Harry could not be sent to Iraq because publicity about the deployment could put him and his unit at risk . But Dannatt said the experience has demonstrated "  that it is perfectly possible for Prince Harry to be employed just the same as other Army officers of his rank and experience . " "  His conduct on operations in Afghanistan has been exemplary , " the general said . "  He has been fully involved in operations and has run the same risks as everyone else in his battle group . In common with all of his generation in the army today , he is a credit to the nation . " Watch Prince Harry on the front lines " Shortly after the news of the prince 's deployment broke , several Islamist Web sites posted messages alerting their "  brethren " in Afghanistan to be on the lookout for the royal soldier . "  O brothers of monotheism , if you find anyone with unusual security in his battalion , know that this could be the Prince Harry . We ask God that he gets caught on your hands , " one such posting read . Several members of the British royal family have seen combat over the past century . Harry 's grandfather , Prince Phillip , served aboard warships in World War II ; his great-grandfather -- King George VI -- took part in the World War I naval battle of Jutland ; and Prince Andrew , Harry 's uncle , flew Navy helicopters during Britain 's 1982 war with Argentina over the Falkand Islands . Harry 's brother , Prince William , is also an army officer . But as second in line for the throne , he is specifically barred from combat . The last sitting British monarch to lead troops in battle was George II , who defeated a French force at the Battle of Dettingen in 1743 . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Prince Harry 's Afghanistan deployment is being reviewed NEW : Breaking of a news embargo puts the prince at risk , military says NEW : Islamist Web sites have alerted militants to capture the prince Ministry of Defense says Prince Harry was deployed in December
CNN  -- On a misty afternoon in 1851 , Britain 's Queen Victoria watched a wooden schooner -- named "  America " -- win what would later become one of the most famous boat races in the world . She asked one of her attendants who had come second . The answer ? "  Your majesty , there is no second . " His words set the tone for what we now know as the America 's Cup -- a prestigious , fierce , and controversial race which has just one winner and no runners-up . Since its launch 162 years ago , the competition -- which kicked off in San Francisco last month -- has been at the forefront of yacht design , encouraging the best sailing clubs in the world to invest big in their seafaring weapons of choice . From Scotland 's elegant Fife yachts , to Australia 's controversial keel , and today 's space-age ` flying ' boats , CNN takes a look at the most revolutionary designs and memorable moments of the world 's oldest trophy in international sport .	For more than 160 years , the America 's cup has been at the forefront of yacht design From Scotland 's traditional boats to modern ` winged ' yachts , CNN looks at highlights Includes Australia 's controversial keel , which saw U.S. lose Cup for first time British sailor Andrew Simpson 's death while training in May has raised safety questions
CNN  -- Malawi stunned Algeria 3-0 at a near-deserted November 11 stadium in Luanda as the unpredictable start to the African Nations Cup continued . Algeria began the Group A match as clear favorites , but were 2-0 down by half-time thanks to goals from Russel Mwafulirwa and Elvis Kafoteka . Dave Banda added a third after 49 minutes to end any thoughts of an Algeria comeback . Sunday 's 4-4 draw between hosts Angola and Mali did not appear to have captured the public 's imagination as the players kicked off in front of rows and rows of empty seats . An early angled strike from Abdelkader Ghezzal was saved by Malawi goalkeeper Swadick Sanudi after five minutes . Ghezzal had another chance moments later but could not find the target . After eight minutes , Russel found a yard in the Algeria box but headed wide under pressure from Madjid Bougherra . Malawi surprised their opponents in the 17th minute when they took the lead in somewhat fortuitous fashion . Algeria goalkeeper Faouzi Chaouchi attempted to clear a long ball but only succeeded in smashing the ball straight into the advancing Essau Kanyenda . The ball broke to Russel , who hammered home . Rafik Saifi had a great chance to level after 24 minutes when he was played through by Karim Ziani 's ball over the top but he sent a lobbed effort over the bar . And 10 minutes before the break it was 2-0 as Kafoteka rose highest to head home Hellings Mwakasungula 's cross following a short corner . Algeria 's day got even worse four minutes after the break . Chaouchi flapped at a cross and the ball fell to Russel . His shot hit the post and an attempted clearance from Bougherra broke to Banda , who finally smashed the ball home . Meanwhile , in the day 's other match , tournament favourites Ivory Coast were held to a 0-0 draw by a stubborn Burkina Faso in their opening Group B match at the Estadio do Cabinda . Vahid Halilhodzic 's team dominated possession but could not find the cutting edge to break down a determined Burkinabe defence despite a frontline of Didier Drogba , Bakari Kone and Gervinho . Chelsea striker Drogba had an early shout for a penalty after a sliding challenge from Paul Koulibaly , but the appeals were rejected . Arsenal 's Emmanuel Eboue looked to be caught in the area by Mamadou Tall after 20 minutes but again the referee was unmoved . Eboue then burst through down the right only to fire across goal and Siaka Tiene blasted over from a tight angle following Drogba 's cross from the right . Chelsea 's Salomon Kalou and Portsmouth 's Aruna Dindane were introduced off the bench by Ivory Coast in the second half . Drogba was cynically brought down by Mohamed Koffi on the edge of the box 17 minutes from time but the free-kick came to nothing . The Chelsea frontman did test Diakite in the 85th minute but the Burkinabe goalkeeper was equal to his snap-shot from a tight angle as the Ivorians ' frustration continued .	Malawi stunned Algeria 3-0 at a near-deserted November 11 stadium in Africa Nations Cup Group A match Russel Mwafulirwa , Elvis Kafoteka and Dave Banda score the goals that give Malawi shock victory Tournament favorites Ivory Coast are held to a 0-0 draw by Burkina Faso in Group B match
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The Los Angeles Coroner 's chief investigator revisited the office of Michael Jackson 's dermatologist Wednesday , even though the coroner announced last week his "  thorough and comprehensive " report was completed . Dr. Arnold Klein denied in a CNN interview last month that he had given Jackson dangerous drugs . "  We wanted some additional information , and they provided it , " Ed Winter said as he emerged 90 minutes after entering Dr. Arnold Klein 's Beverly Hills , California , dermatology clinic . Winter , who also visited Klein 's office on July 14 , said the doctor 's staff and lawyers cooperated with his requests . Garo Ghazarian , one of Klein 's two lawyers on the scene , said the doctor did not meet with Winter . "  They had inquiries born out of information they wanted to corroborate , " Ghazarian said . Ghazarian said he was added to Klein 's legal team "  to take a look and see if there 's any cause for concern in light of media reports " that investigators were considering criminal charges against him . "  I have seen no cause for concern on behalf of my client , Dr. Arnold Klein , " Ghazarian said . The coroner 's office said more than a week ago that a "  thorough and comprehensive " report into the death of Michael Jackson is complete , but police have requested that the report not be released yet because of the ongoing criminal investigation . The coroner 's office said it would abide by the request that "  the cause and manner of death remain confidential , " and referred all questions to the Los Angeles Police Department . Winter would not say what prompted the coroner 's office to revisit its conclusions . Jackson 's June 25 death is also the focus of an investigation by Los Angeles police , the state attorney general 's office and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration . Klein , who treated Jackson for decades , denied in a CNN interview last month that he had given Jackson dangerous drugs . "  If you took all the pills I gave him in the last year at once , it would n't do anything to you , " he told CNN 's Larry King . Jackson visited Klein 's office several times in the weeks before his death , including one visit just three days before . Dr. Conrad Murray , Jackson 's personal physician who is under investigation , said in a video posted online Tuesday that he has "  faith the truth will prevail . " Murray , who was with Jackson when he died , recorded the one-minute video in Houston , Texas , last Wednesday and it posted on YouTube Tuesday , the spokeswoman for his lawyer said . "  I have done all I could do , " Murray said . "  I told the truth , and I have faith the truth will prevail . " Watch Conrad Murray say , "  Do n't worry ... I 'll be fine " " Murray , a cardiologist , owned and operated two medical clinics -- in Las Vegas , Nevada , and Houston -- but he took a full-time job as Jackson 's personal doctor in May , as the pop singer prepared for his comeback concerts scheduled to start in July . Investigators have searched Murray 's home and clinics for evidence related to the anesthetic propofol , according to documents filed in court . A source close to the investigation told CNN it 's believed Murray administered the drug , also known by the brand name Diprivan , to Jackson within 24 hours of his death . Ed Chernoff , Murray 's lawyer , said it was only after Murray moved to Los Angeles in May 2009 that "  he realized that Michael Jackson had some very unusual problems . " Chernoff , in comments published in the Los Angeles Times and confirmed by his spokeswoman , said that when Murray took the job , his client did not know what drugs Jackson might have been taking or whether he was addicted . Murray did not conduct drug tests on Jackson and had no way of knowing , other than from Jackson 's words , if he was taking other drugs , Chernoff 's spokeswoman , Miranda Sevcik , told CNN . One of the warrants used in searches of Murray 's home and clinics implied that police suspect Jackson was a drug addict . Chernoff has refused to confirm or deny whether Murray administered propofol to Jackson , although he denied "  unequivocally " that Murray gave Jackson painkillers . A former prosecutor who has also defended doctors in medical malpractice cases involving anesthesia said prosecutors would face "  a very , very severe uphill battle " when charging a doctor with manslaughter . "  You have to prove gross recklessness in the prescription of drugs , " Paul Callan told CNN . "  That 's really hard with a doctor because doctors are always prescribing drugs ; patients occasionally die from them . That 's not criminal conduct . But here , you have to show that this doctor should 've known Jackson was an addict and that he could 've died from these drugs . "	"  We wanted some additional information , " chief investigator Ed Winter said Coroner had said it completed "  thorough " report into Michael Jackson 's death Winter would not say what prompted the second visit or its conclusions Dr. Arnold Klein , Jackson 's dermatologist , has denied giving him dangerous drugs
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama signed a sweeping overhaul of child nutrition standards Monday , enacting a law meant to encourage better eating habits in part by giving the federal government more authority to set standards for food sold in vending machines and elsewhere on school grounds . Among other things , the $ 4.5 billion measure provides more money to poor areas to subsidize free meals and requires schools to abide by health guidelines drafted by the U.S. Department of Agriculture . To help offset the higher cost of including more fruits and vegetables , the bill increases the reimbursement rate for school lunches . The bill is about "  giving our kids the healthy futures they deserve , " the president said during a bill signing ceremony at a Washington elementary school . "  Right now across the country too many kids do n't have access to school meals . " Even when they do , he added , too often the meals are n't sufficiently nutritious . As a result , he said , one out of every three children in America is overweight or obese . Some Democrats had objected to the bill because it is funded in part by stripping $ 2.2 billion from the federal food stamp program . Congress also voted over the summer to take money from the program to fund legislation sending money to cash-strapped states to avoid teacher layoffs . The cuts largely negate a spending increase provided to the food stamp program by the 2009 economic stimulus plan . Administration officials reportedly have promised anxious liberals that they will work to find ways to restore the higher funding levels . The measure has been a top priority for first lady Michelle Obama , who has championed it as part of her "  Let 's Move " initiative to combat child obesity in the United States . "  Had I not been able to get this bill passed , I would be sleeping on the couch , " the president joked shortly before signing the measure into law . "  We wo n't go into that , " the first lady said . "  Let 's just say it got done . Do n't have to go down that road . "	President Obama signs a bill meant to encourage healthier eating habits among children The measure gives the government more power to set standards for schools The bill , which costs $ 4.5 billion , provides funding to subsidize meals for lower income children
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It 's fair to say David Beckham may be seeing more green off the football pitch than he does on it . Reason to smile : David Beckham is the highest-earning footballer in the world , according to Forbes Despite a difficult and expensive period negotiating an extended release from his LA Galaxy club -- Beckham has been named as the world 's highest-earning footballer by Forbes magazine . The magazine has ranked the top 20 top-paid footballers in the world -- a list that includes many of today 's top players and some ageing heroes who are still rolling in cash . The 33-year-old Beckham , currently on loan with Italian club AC Milan as part of an extended deal from LA Galaxy , earned an estimated $ 46 million last year , according to Forbes . It calculates that the Briton has earned $ 95m in the past two years -- $ 66m of which has come from endorsement contracts . Although his long-running deal with Pepsi ended in December last year , his currently resurgent career is likely to provide a boost for the coming few seasons . Behind Beckham in the Forbes list is his Brazilian AC Milan team-mate , Ronaldinho , who earned an estimated $ 33m in 2008 . Rounding out the top five places are  respectively  ; Thierry Henry , Kaka and last year 's FIFA World Player of the Year , Cristiano Ronaldo . See our gallery of the top twenty highest-paid footballers in the world , according to Forbes " Ronaldo 's earnings of $ 21 million came primarily from his Manchester United wages  $ 12m  , while endorsements from companies such as Nike and Coca-Cola made up the remaining $ 9m . The Portugal player 's namesake -- Brazilian Ronaldo -- is still on the list at number 12 , having earned $ 15m despite being sidelined for much of the year with a serious knee injury and returning to his homeland to play club football . Partner in the Sports Business group at Deloitte , Dan Jones , told CNN that only a "  tiny percentage " of footballers earned more from product endorsements than they do from their player wages . "  It 's only the very , very top . For the vast majority of footballers , the wages they earn from their clubs will be their greatest source of income . " Jones said Beckham 's continuing popularity beyond the world of football in both the U.S. and in Europe would likely ensure he remains around the top of the rich list for a few years to come . "  He is now a grand icon that in some sense transcends what he does on the football field , " Jones said . However , Jones added he was impressed with the way Beckham had made strong efforts to reinstate his image as being primarily a footballer over the last 18 months . What do you think of the top earners ? Are there players that deserve to be earning more than these 20 ? Share your thoughts in the Sound Off box below .	David Beckham is the highest-paid footballer according to Forbes Forbes magazine has released a list of the top 20 highest paid players World Player of the Year for 2008 , Cristiano Ronaldo , is fifth on the list Are there any players missing who you think deserve to be paid more ?
Los Angeles  CNN  -- "  Kick-Ass " actress Chloe Moretz has been chosen for the title role in a movie remake of Stephen King 's "  Carrie , " a horror story about a teenaged girl whose telekinetic powers turn a high school prom into an inferno . The original 1976 movie , directed by Brian DePalma , launched John Travolta 's film career and earned Oscar nominations for Sissy Spacek and Piper Laurie . Moretz , 15 , tweeted about it Tuesday : "  Never been so happy in my life ! Thank you Kim Pierce and thank u MGM for the chance of a lifetime i will never forget ! " Spacek was 26 when she played Carrie White , a socially outcast high school student who grew up sheltered by an abusive mom , played by Laurie . Carrie , in her desire to become accepted by classmates , wanted to attend her school 's prom , but her mother objected . "  They 're all going to laugh at you , " her mother told her , a line that became one of the film 's most memorable . MGM announced last year that it hired Marvel Comics writer Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa , who is also a staff writer on the "  Glee " TV show , to pen a new script based on King 's 1974 novel . The studio did not say when production would begin or when the film would hit theaters . Moretz most recently starred in Martin Scorcese 's "  Hugo , " but her next film to hit theaters is "  Dark Shadows . " She plays Carolyn Stoddard , a rebellious teen , opposite Johnny Depp in the Barnabas Collins vampire role . She gained attention in 2010 for her role as "  Hit Girl " in the comedy superhero movie "  Kick-Ass , " in which Nicolas Cage played her father . She also was the vampire in "  Let Me In , " a 2010 remake of the Swedish horror film "  Let the Right One In . " Other Moretz films include the 2004 version of "  The Amityville Horror " and  "  500  Days of Summer " in 2009 .	"  Never been so happy in my life ! " Chloe Moretz tweets about getting "  Carrie " role Sissy Spacek earned an Oscar nomination for her "  Carrie " portrayal in 1976 "  Carrie " is based on Stephen King 's 1974 horror novel No word from MGM on when the remake will hit theaters
CNN  So much for a short Republican primary season . The shadow campaign is already in full swing as Mitt Romney and Jeb Bush openly consider presidential runs that would tap many of the same political and financial resources . Romney told donors Friday he 's considering a third presidential run while Bush is forming a political action committee to use as a possible vessel for a presidential effort . The former Florida governor is also in California this week meeting with donors , according to two sources familiar with his plans . There will be even more 2016 speculation later this month when a handful of possible candidates attend a gathering in Iowa . And all of this is happening more than a year before any Republican actually casts a ballot . These early developments could hamper the Republican Party 's efforts to keep the primary season brief and orderly after 2012 's marathon campaign , which included 20 debates and nearly 10 candidates . That prolonged primary provided ample ammunition to Democrats . After the failed Republican campaign to topple President Barack Obama in 2012 , the Republican National Committee concluded that the primary season needed to be contained and shortened . The RNC went on to adopt changes to the primary calendar at the party 's Winter meeting in 2014 , where they shrunk the official primary season by pushing the first contest back to February 2016 and holding the party convention in early June . The decision will require all states to choose delegates within a contracted window , as opposed to the drawn-out eight months in the last cycle . The party is also moving toward limiting the number of debates and taking more control over choosing moderators for the events . The decision was made in part to limit the chance of public , embarrassing episodes over a long and exhausting campaign period . That decision is expected to be formalized at the RNC 's meeting in San Diego this week . Debates are expected to begin near the end of the summer , and the party is aiming to hold about 10 sanctioned contests , an RNC committee member said . RNC spokeswoman Kirsten Kukowski told CNN that candidates are free to start their campaigns as early as they want , but with the knowledge that the electoral contests wo n't begin until February 2016 at the earliest . In 2012 , the Iowa caucuses were held on Jan. 3 , and others followed almost immediately after . "  We 're doing what we can to contract the process , while allowing the primary voters to make their decisions and see the candidates they need to see , " Kukowski said . "  It 's up to the campaigns to decide if it makes sense strategically to be running a campaign a year before ballots are going to be out on money , staff and infrastructure . " Regardless , it does n't appear that the possible candidates are taking their time . On Jan. 6 , Bush rolled out a leadership PAC called "  Right to Rise , " which effectively served as the starting gun for the GOP primary contest . Just three days later , Romney told donors gathered in New York that he may run despite habitually denying his ambition after the 2012 race . This week , Florida Sen. Marco Rubio is scheduled to hold donor meetings in New York as well . And with more than a year to go before the first Iowa caucus meetings , potential candidates are already putting their teams together for the long slog and signing on for pre-primary cattlecalls . On Jan. 24 , Iowa Republican Rep. Steve King will co-host the inaugural "  Iowa Freedom Summit " with the advocacy group Citizens United . So far , nearly every 2016 hopeful has accepted the invitations to speak , including New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker . Bush , however , declined . Republicans say that despite the early movements , the party can still fulfill the goals of truncating the official calendar . "  I think we 're still better off than we were , even if these guys stretch out the donor process in the front end , " Republican strategist Rick Wilson told CNN . "  For all the early chatter , most of it is political class stuff , not about voter attention . " CNN 's Maeve Reston contributed to this report	GOP has tried to cut down length of primaries But early action by Jeb Bush , Mitt Romeny could blunt those efforts
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Justin Bieber 's neighbor accused the singer of "  battery and threats " after a confrontation outside his California home Tuesday morning , authorities said . Los Angeles County Sheriff 's deputies were called to Bieber 's gated neighborhood in Calabasas at 9 a.m. by the neighbor , who is not being named , according to sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore . But a member of the singer 's security personnel said there was no physical contact . "  The neighbor went onto Justin 's property . They exchanged words . The neighbor has had issues before , " the source said . Bieber , 19 , moved into a $ 6.5 million mansion in The Oaks of Calabasas a year ago . The exclusive community is also home to Michael Jackson 's mother and his three children . Investigators are sorting through witness statements to decide whether charges should be filed against Bieber , Whitmore said . Bieber had just returned to his California home Tuesday morning after performing in Europe . The singer 's representatives did not immediately respond to CNN calls for comment . Justin Bieber hosts ` SNL ' : What 's the verdict ? Selena Gomez made Justin Bieber cry Boy admits ` swatting ' Ashton Kutcher , Justin Bieber CNN 's Jane Caffrey and KJ Matthews contributed to this report .	NEW : Bieber source : "  They exchanged words , " but there was no physical contact A neighbor calls deputies about Bieber Tuesday morning Investigators are looking at witness statements to decide whether Bieber should be charged Bieber lives in an exclusive community near Michael Jackson 's children
BELGRADE , Serbia  CNN  -- The U.S. Embassy in Belgrade is evacuating all nonessential personnel following Thursday 's attack on the building by a crowd of protesters , a spokesman for the embassy told CNN Friday . Serbian riot police stand in front of the damaged U.S. Embassy in Belgrade on Friday . The U.S. ambassador , Cameron Munter , is staying , officials said . The embassy was closed Friday , and a handful of riot police holding shields stood outside the building , its outer walls blackened from fires set the night before and some of its windows smashed . It will remain closed until Monday or Tuesday so officials can assess the damage , said Bill Wanlund , the embassy 's spokesman . He said embassy staff were still in a heightened state of alert but there were no specific threats against any staff members . The United States has warned the Serbian government that it has a responsibility to protect its assets . A top U.S. diplomat was asked during an interview on CNN if the Serbian government "  gets " the warning . "  They 'd better get it , because they have a fundamental responsibility to protect our diplomats and our embassy and to protect American citizens , " said Undersecretary of State for Political Affairs R. Nicholas Burns . "  What happened yesterday in Belgrade was absolutely reprehensible . " Watch Burns ' angry comments on Belgrade attack " Thursday 's violence erupted after demonstrations by thousands of Serbs against Kosovo 's declaration of independence . The anger directed against the United States and other countries for recognizing the breakaway province as a nation sparked attacks on Western embassies and shops by hundreds of people . Burns said there was an "  insufficient " number of security people guarding the U.S. Embassy at a demonstration everyone knew would take place . He said security "  melted away " as "  the mob attacked our embassy . " "  This kind of thing should not happen in a civilized country . It does n't happen in the United States of America . It does n't happen in most world capitals . So the Serb government needs to reflect seriously about the responsibility it has under the Vienna Convention , " he said . Burns , the third highest ranking diplomat in the State Department , said he told the Serbian prime minister , Vojislav Kostunica , and his government that the U.S. "  would hold them personally responsible for the safety of our people . " "  They assured me that they would have adequate security on the ground today and for every day to come . We will hold them to that commitment , " Burns said . Demonstrators only managed to break into one U.S. embassy building , which Wanlund said was rarely used by staff . He said the protesters did n't manage to get any documents or embassy materials . Only Marines and security guards were present at the embassy when the angry mob of about 100 approached the walls . In addition to the U.S. Embassy , the protesters attacked other Western interests including the embassies of Britain and Germany , as well as a McDonald 's restaurant and a Nike shop . "  One might understand the emotion , but not the violence , and that 's what the Serb government needs to remember , " Burns said . Burns , who is stepping down in March , has long been involved in trying to resolve tensions in the former Yugoslavia . The situation was complicated by Sunday 's unilateral declaration of independence by Serbia 's predominantly Albanian region of Kosovo . Kosovo is revered historically by Orthodox Christian Serbs but also is claimed as separate and distinct by its ethnic Muslim Albanians . The wisdom of recognizing Kosovo independence has been questioned by many observers , who say the United States wo n't recognize other unilateral declarations of independence . Some opponents of Kosovo 's independence say recognition is a bad precedent if it 's unilateral and not done in a bilateral , diplomatic setting . They say it will give others the incentive to stage their own breakaway nations . Burns said every situation has its unique set of circumstances , as does Kosovo , which was the victim of ethnic cleansing policies by the Slobodan Milosevic regime in 1999 . NATO troops fought Serbia in an air war then and pushed Serbian forces out of the region . Since then Kosovo has been run by the United Nations and with security supplied by NATO forces . E-mail to a friend	U.S. : An event like embassy attack "  should not happen in a civilized country " U.S. warns Serbia of responsibility to protect U.S. diplomats , building Embassy evacuating nonessential personnel ; ambassador will stay in Belgrade No embassy documents taken during Thursday attack and fire , spokesman says
Washington  CNN  -- The White House counsel refused Friday to comply with a subpoena as issued by a House panel regarding the failed solar energy company Solyndra , saying that the initiative "  was driven more by partisan politics than a legitimate effort to conduct a responsible investigation . " Kathryn Ruemmler expressed her views in a letter to Reps. Fred Upton and Cliff Stearns , members of the House Energy and Commerce Committee . A day earlier , one of its subcommittees requested internal documents regarding the government 's decision to issue more than half a billion dollars in federal loan guarantees in 2010 to Solyndra , which later filed for bankruptcy . The White House counsel on Friday did not rule out disclosing additional information related to Solyndra , saying that "  we remain willing to work with the committee to accommodate its legitimate oversight interests in a balanced manner . " At the same time , Ruemmler said unequivocally that the subpoena , as written , was unacceptable . "  The committee 's extremely broad request for documents -- now a subpoena -- is a significant intrusion on executive branch interests , " Ruemmler wrote . Upton , the Michigan Republican who heads the broader House committee , issued a statement Friday saying that the "  White House could have avoided the need for subpoena authorizations if they had simply chosen to cooperate . " "  We have been reasonable every step of the way in this investigation , and it is a shame that the Obama administration and House Democrats continue to put up partisan roadblocks to hide the truth from taxpayers , " Upton said after Ruemmler 's announcement . "  Solyndra was a jobs program gone bad , and we must learn the lessons of Solyndra as we work to turn our economy around and put folks back to work . ... What is the West Wing trying to hide ? We owe it to American taxpayers to find out . " A government official said the White House favors a narrower request . A letter from a group of House Democrats , sent to the committee before it issued the subpoena , said the White House would be willing to share documents related to campaign contributors ' influence on the decision to grant or restructure the Solyndra loan guarantee , plus the White House 's involvement in deciding whether to make such a conditional commitment or close the loan guarantee . Reps. Henry Waxman and Diana DeGette wrote then that issuing the subpoena -- as it was written -- was unnecessary , given what they called "  substantial progress " in recent talks between committee members and the White House about disclosing more information on Solyndra . The oversight and investigations subcommittee , part of the larger Energy and Commerce Committee , voted 14-9 along party lines in favor of issuing the subpoena . That followed a contentious debate among its members , with Republicans accusing the Obama administration of stonewalling and some Democrats calling the subpoena resolution politically motivated . "  We need to learn the circumstances of the original deal as the restructuring . We need all the facts , all the witnesses , all the documents , " DeGette , a Colorado Democrat , said at this week 's hearing , describing the subpoena as "  an act of irresponsible partisanship . " "  Sadly , after seeing  Republicans '  conduct of this investigation , I do not believe they share this goal . " In her letter Friday , Ruemmler called the subpoena "  unprecedented and unnecessary . " She said that the White House had made a "  good-faith offer , " which the subcommittee rejected "  without explaining how it fell short of your legitimate oversight purposes . " Among other issues , Ruemmler said that the panel 's request for producing copies of all communications related to Solyndra -- including , she claimed , "  thousands of pages of news clips " -- within days was unrealistic and would require substantial resources . Defending the Obama administration , the counsel said , "  None of the more than 85,000 pages of documents produced to date evidence any favoritism to political supporters or wrongdoing by the White House . " Stearns , the subcommittee 's chairman , earlier said the White House Office of Management and Budget "  repeatedly failed to cooperate with our investigation , and we agreed to put off a vote on that subpoena " in hopes that engaging the White House could avoid the need for subpoenas . "  Only after repeated failed attempts to engage the White House did the committee notify the White House " that it intended to discuss possible subpoenas , the Florida Republican said . "  This finally got the attention of the White House counsel , " who then met with lawmakers Wednesday , he said . "  Unfortunately , the White House was unable or unwilling to answer even the most basic questions . " Democrats slammed the subcommittee 's move , though some acknowledged that the White House could be more forthcoming with information in the case . Veteran Rep. John Dingell , D-Michigan , said after the vote , "  I 've never seen a procedure quite like this . "  We are protesting here a sweeping subpoena , " he said . Since Republicans have "  been able to find nothing " wrong in what they 've looked at , they have "  increased the size of the net and reduced the size of the holes in the net as they go about this fishing expedition . " Federal analysts looking at the proposed Solyndra loan in 2009 warned then of possible problems , as well as pressure from the White House to speed up a decision , according to a memorandum released last month by congressional investigators . Approved in May 2010 , the Energy Department 's loan allowed Solyndra to build a factory in Fremont , California , to produce state-of-the-art solar panels . Solyndra filed for bankruptcy in late August and closed its doors , putting more than 1,000 people out of work after it had received $ 535 million in loan guarantees . The bankruptcy leaves the federal government unlikely to get the loan money back . President Barack Obama had touted the company in a widely publicized visit last year . White House Chief of Staff William Daley announced last week that he is ordering a 60-day independent review of the state of the Energy Department 's loan portfolio . The review will include recommendations about how to improve the loan monitoring process . The review will be headed by Herb Allison , a veteran of both the Obama and last Bush administrations who oversaw the Troubled Asset Relief Program , among other efforts . CNN 's Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	NEW : House Democrats says the probe is fair , but the GOP-led subpoena is not White House counsel says the subpoena , as written , is unacceptable She says the White House is "  willing to work " with legislators and provide info House subcommittee 's chairman says Obama administration has n't cooperated
CNN  -- He already holds the honor of being the only person to complete 20 Iron Man triathlons in a single year , but now Belgian athlete Stefaan Engels has claimed another world record by running 365 marathons in as many days . Engels completed his year-long mission at the Carretera de les Aigues race in Barcelona on Saturday . The "  Marathon Man " has covered a distance of 9,569 miles  15,401 kilometers  since setting off from his home town of Ghent on February 5 , 2010 , participating in races in Spain , Portugal , Canada , Mexico , Britain and United States , as well as several in his native country . The 49-year-old has smashed the previous record of the most marathons run in one year , which according to the Guinness Book of World Records was held by 65-year-old Akinori Kusuda -- who ran 52 consecutive races in 2009 . But in a statement on his official website , the former graphic designer played down his amazing feat . "  I do n't regard my marathon year as torture . It is more like a regular job . I am running just as Joe Average goes to work on Monday morning , whether or not he feels like it , " he said . "  I do n't always feel like running , but when I am done , I take a shower , have some physiotherapy for an hour , and that wraps up my day . " Engels suffered from asthma as a child and was told he would never be able to do exercise . It was then that he decided he would start running the grueling 26.2-mile  42.195 kilometers  discipline . He said he hopes to inspire others to take up exercise and has encouraged people to run marathons with him in the past .	Belgian runner sets new world record by running a marathon a day for the last year Stefaan Engels has run 365 marathons covering 9,569 miles in seven countries The 49-year-old completed final marathon in Barcelona , Spain , on Saturday Engels already held the world record for finishing 20 Iron Man triathlons in one year
London  CNN  -- The last time I sat down to interview Julian Assange more than a year ago , he walked out on me , angered by questions about the allegations of sexual assault in Sweden . This time , holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London , he had nowhere to go when asked the same question . Assange has taken refuge in the embassy for five months now , refusing to submit to questioning in Sweden over those allegations . He denies doing anything wrong , and says the allegations are a ruse to get him to Sweden , which would then , he claims , extradite him to the United States . "  Look ... there 's an attempt to extradite me without charge , without evidence allegedly for questioning . " Ecuador has granted the WikiLeaks founder asylum but the British government insists it is duty-bound to extradite Assange to Sweden . As a result , the Ecuadorian Embassy is now Assange 's home . If he steps outside , British police are standing by to arrest and extradite him . But when I met him again , Assange did not seem cornered at all . He was relaxed and friendly . Rumors of ill health , that he had lost a lot of weight , did not appear to be true . He seemed at ease and , despite being confined largely to a small room in this tiny embassy , comfortable . And as if to prove there were no hard feelings , I received a warm kiss on the cheek . Embassy life like ' a space station , ' Assange says Earlier this week I received a call out of the blue : Would you like to come and interview Julian tomorrow ? I was surprised , of course , but there was a good reason for it : WikiLeaks is in the process of releasing the "  Detainee Files , " more than 100 documents from the U.S. Department of Defense outlining the policies and procedures for such infamous prisons as Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo but others as well . So , the short answer to that question was : Yes . The reunion took place on Thursday morning . I 've been following the story of WikiLeaks and Assange for sometime now , before they made global headlines with the Afghan War Diary , the Iraq War Files and the massive leak of more than 250,000 diplomatic cables from the U.S. State Department . In 2010 , I had read a New Yorker article about a video , released by Wikileaks , that showed an attack on civilians by a U.S. Apache helicopter in Iraq that killed , among others , a Reuters cameraman and a father of two children who were also wounded in the attack . I was intrigued by the concept of WikiLeaks : an encrypted online platform that allowed whistleblowers to leak information anonymously . But I was also curious about the man behind WikiLeaks , Julian Assange . The article painted him as brilliant but enigmatic , staying up all night bent over a laptop receiving anonymous submissions for the WikiLeaks website . So , I thought I 'd email him , on the off-chance I got a response . To my surprise , a few weeks later , I got a phone call back . When I first met Assange , I asked him what more WikiLeaks had planned . I was taken aback when he told me casually : "  We 're going to do something big . We 're going to end a war . " What I did n't know at the time was that Assange and WikiLeaks were preparing to launch the biggest leak of U.S. classified documents in recent memory . Nearly two years and a storm of controversy later , sitting in the same room where he delivered a speech to his supporters from the balcony of the Ecuadorian Embassy , he told me : "  We triggered the end of the Iraq war . " He quickly added : "  Now , that 's a rather grandiose statement . But it 's true . " He cited commentator Glenn Greenwald and the logic goes something like this : Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki cited documents leaked to Wikileaks as the reason to withdraw legal protection extended to U.S. soldiers in Iraq which ultimately became one of the factors leading to the U.S. troop withdrawal . For more on that , see the extended version of the interview here . Personally , I think that 's overstating the impact of WikiLeaks . But he has a point that Wikileaks has changed the political landscape . Governments and institutions now live in fear that they could become the next WikiLeaks headline . Anyone with access and a flashdrive can now anonymously leak secrets to this global platform for all the world to see . Of course , WikiLeaks has plenty of critics and it has suffered due to the allegations against Assange and its financial struggles . The U.S. government has made it clear they believe WikiLeaks ' publishing of classified material is illegal and are currently building a case against him . Assange has also been heavily criticized for releasing classified material completely unredacted , potentially putting diplomatic sources into danger . But he has found plenty of support as well . Nowhere more so than in the Ecuadorian Embassy , a small place of fewer than a dozen rooms . Assange occupies an office now converted into a bedroom with a bed , a desk and a treadmill for exercise . About once a week , embassy staff say he practices boxing with a friend for more rigorous exercise . The embassy has installed a shower for him but there is n't much of a kitchen , so most of the food is takeaway delivered by his friends and embassy staff . "  The situation here although I 'm confined in captivity to an embassy , is much better than being in solitary confinement in a prison . " He told me , "  So , I am able to work , I am able to speak to you . So , in that sense my mind is free . " Ambassador Ana Alban says he has become part of the family . "  It was difficult for us at the beginning , " she told CNN . "  We had a person living here 24 hours a day and we did n't know that person , his habits . How he was going to react to confinement . "  What was not normal at the beginning has become normal . He is another one of us here . Somebody that we count on , we talk to , we worry about when we think something has happened to him . We have now an extended and better run family . " His case has become a cause celebre , with Lady Gaga dropping by for tea and fashion designer Vivienne Westwood visiting to display her "  I Am Julian Assange " T-shirt . Small things have changed since I first met him . His white hair , once chin-length has been cropped short . He has ditched his T-shirts and leather jacket for a formal suit and tie . He 's far more media savvy now , at times sounding more like a politician than a former-hacker-turned-activist of global renown . But other things remain the same . He talks passionately about forcing transparency to transform and reform governments and bureaucracies , happily engaging in long debates . He still sees the world 's mainstream media as utterly failing in that regard and he 's still prone to making grandiose statements . He 's more guarded in interviews now . But occasionally you see some of his mischievous humour peeking through . In the interview , I asked him whether he considers himself as a dissident against Western governments . Here 's how he answered : "  No . To be a dissident is simply to take the opposite position . " He added : "  You can think of WikiLeaks as simply a function of education . We are just like a library . We collect information about the way the world works . We publish historic documents . And yes , we take the hardest possible case . We look for those things which are very hard to publish and support the rights of publishers and fight for their rights . "  Why do we do that ? Well , because we want to live in a better world . But also because it 's fun . "	CNN 's Atika Shubert meets again with Julian Assange in Ecuador Embassy in London Assange holed up in embassy to avoid extradition to Sweden to face sex assault probe Shubert : Assange did not seem cornered ; in fact he was relaxed and friendly Ecuadorian Ambassador Ana Alban says he has become part of the family
Mika Yamamoto 's first day in Syria would also be her last . A veteran war reporter , Yamamoto had accepted an assignment to cover the increasing violence in the country last month , as she had in the past in Afghanistan , Iraq and the Balkans . Kazutaka Sato was her partner both in and out of work -- they both worked for Japan Press , an independent television news provider . He was just meters from her when she was shot . Sato had covered many war zones with Yamamoto and describes her passion for journalism . "  I think it was her firm belief that you can stop a war with journalism ... she would also turn her attention to children . I believe she wanted to tell the world how they are hurt , dead and bruised in their hearts . " Japanese journalist killed in Syria Sato says he is not coping well with her loss and the only way he can find peace is to learn exactly what happened to his common-law wife . He says they were in the besieged city of Aleppo with the rebel Free Syrian Army when he saw 10 to 15 men walking towards them . "  At first I thought it was the Free Syrian Army , and we were on the same side so I held up my camera and started shooting . It was then that it happened . " Sato describes seeing one man in an olive green helmet , which made him think they were from the Syrian Army , but there was no way to be certain . As he turned and ran , he heard gunshots , followed by an automatic weapon firing . "  I thought I was going to be hit and that 's when I was separated from Mika , " he says . For the next hour he tried to find her , believing she was fine . "  At no point did I think that she had died , " he says . "  I asked a rebel fighter where Mika was . He told me , ` She 's at the hospital , go and see for yourself . ' At that point I pretty much imagined what had happened to her ... On the first floor of the hospital , in the lobby to the left on a stretcher , I saw a body wrapped in a sheet . And I knew then it was Mika . " Video of slain journalist 's final hours Sato believes Mika was targeted because she was a foreign journalist . He says one of the armed men had shouted , "  There they are , the Japanese , " but it is difficult to determine exactly what was said from the video that captured her final moments . Sato watches that footage -- filmed by Yamamoto when she was hit by the bullet -- for the first time . "  In the video she 's alive , " he says in a quiet voice . "  I do n't know how I 'm going to deal with this , I can hear her voice . " He has asked the Syrian government through the embassy in Tokyo to look into her death but says he holds little hope for an answer . "  I need to know what happened to her , " he says . "  Mika was the best part of my professional and personal life . She was my right hand , my left hand , my everything . I have no idea what to do now she 's no longer here . "	Veteran war reporter Mika Yamamoto was killed while working in Syria last month Her partner Kazutaka Sato was just meters away when she was shot Sato believes Yamamoto was targeted because she was a foreign journalist He says he will not find peace until he knows what happened to her
CNN  -- The State Department on Wednesday designated Nigeria-based Boko Haram and its offshoot Ansaru as "  terrorist organizations , " legally enabling Washington to take various steps against the groups , their members and their supporters . The two groups join a list of "  Foreign Terrorist Organizations " that includes al Qaeda , Hamas , the Real Irish Republican Army and many others . Being so named means the United States can freeze such organizations ' assets , impose travel bans on their known members and affiliates , and prohibit Americans from offering material support . U.S. officials told CNN Tuesday this move was coming against both organizations , who have been in the news in recent years for various attacks . The United States says Boko Haram has killed thousands since 2009 . Human rights groups put the figure at more than 3,000 . Boko Haram , which means "  Western education is sacrilege " in the Hausa-Fulani language , has launched a self-described "  war on Christians " and seeks to impose a strict version of Sharia law across northeastern Nigeria , if not the entire country . It has attacked various targets in the West African nation since its formation in the late 1990s , according to the U.S. National Counterterrorism Center . This includes killing and kidnapping Westerners , and bombing schools , churches and mosques , the center said . In August , militants allegedly went into a mosque in Borno state and killed 44 worshipers . The group released a video boasting it was growing stronger and had launched attacks in Benisheikh in September that the State Department said left 160 civilians dead , many of them Muslim women and children . In recent months , it has stepped up attacks against students at English-language schools . In September , the State Department said Boko Haram attacked an agricultural school , killing 50 students in their dorm as they slept . Earlier this month , the United Nations warned that the extremist group could be found guilty of crimes against humanity after it launched a brutal attack on a wedding party that killed more than 30 people . The U.N. refugee agencies estimates more than 8,000 people in Nigeria have fled into neighboring Cameroon to escape the escalating violence and another 5,000 have become internally displaced . While the group 's principal focus is Nigeria , the United States cites links to the al Qaeda affiliate in West Africa , and extremist groups in Mali . Gen. Carter Ham , then the commander of U.S. Africa Command , has warned Congress that Boko Haram elements "  aspire to a broader regional level of attacks , " including against United States and European interests . A Boko Haram suicide attack on the United Nations building two years ago in the Nigerian capital of Abuja killed at least 25 people . In June 2012 , the State Department added several of the group 's members to a terrorist blacklist , including its new leader Abubakar Shekau , who has a $ 7 million bounty on his head . As to Ansaru , it has gone after Nigerian military and Western targets , according to the State Department . This includes a November 2012 raid on a police station in Abuja that killed Nigerian police officers and sprung free several terrorists . The State Department also blames Ansaru for kidnapping foreigners who live and work in the African nation plus attacking a convoy of Nigerian peacekeepers . The decision to designate Boko Haram and Ansaru as terrorist organizations followed a robust debate . The administration faced intense pressure from Congress and some officials to list the groups , given their history of violence . Other officials and experts warned they did not pose a threat to the United States , adding that designating them as terrorist organizations could make Washington more of a target . And some officials argued the Nigerian government could interpret the decision as an American green light to continue its heavy-handed crackdown on the organization . Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan stepped up a military campaign against the group six months ago , declaring a six-month state of emergency in May in the three northeastern states worst hit by the violence . Recent Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch reports accused the Nigerian military of human rights abuses and violations when conducting operations against the group . The U.N. said it is investigating the claims . The State Department hinted at this issue in its announcement designating Boko Haram and Ansaru as terrorist groups . "  All of our assistance to Nigeria stresses the importance of protecting civilians and ensuring that human rights are respected , " the State Department said . "  That assistance and these designations demonstrate U.S. support for the Nigerian people 's fight against Boko Haram and Ansaru . "	Boko Haram , Ansaru designated as terrorist organizations by the U.S. That means the U.S. can freeze assets , restrict travel , go after backers Boko Haram is blamed for attacks in Nigeria , may have bigger aspirations Ansaru is an offshoot of Boko Haram that 's accused of kidnappings , more
CNN  -- A country girl finding her feet in the big  Emerald  city , Dorothy Gale is one of the most enduring and endearing characters in movie history . Part of what she discovers on her voyage over the rainbow is that apparently heroic , magical and/or much-admired folk -- such as the Wizard of Oz -- will probably turn out to be no better than anybody else . Now that I 'm a parent , I realize that Oz is the father figure in the movie : He 's not a bad man but not someone who can solve all his children 's problems for them , either . All he can really do is appreciate them for who they are , so that they learn to appreciate themselves . But is Oz someone we care to know more about ? Maybe . As much as I enjoyed Sam Raimi 's new movie , which is breezy and bright in myriad dimensions , I doubt his story will exert a comparable hold on the popular imagination for generations to come . Dads just are n't that interesting -- not even to other dads . L. Frank Baum wrote 13 sequels to his most popular novel , but so far as I know , he never hit on the idea of a prequel . Ingeniously scripted by Mitchell Kapner and David Lindsay-Abaire , "  Oz the Great and Powerful " mimics the movement and character arc of the original . It begins in the Midwest in black-and-white and then falls to a Technicolor Neverland in the eye of a twister . But we 're no longer watching Dorothy , an innocent abroad . Instead , we have James Franco 's Oscar Diggs  "  Oz " for short  , a charismatic charlatan and a two-bit showman with an eye for the ladies -- any lady , really ; wiccans welcome ! If there 's a throne and a treasure trove at the end of the rainbow , maybe he 'll stick around the next morning . He 's not all heel , though . At least he has the decency to be embarrassed that he 's not the magical savior everyone seems to be expecting . He says he aspires to greatness , even if he never seems likely to stretch for it . Franco does n't quite get there , for me , in this role . He 's an unconvincing fraud and a shaky charlatan -- too young , perhaps , to fool anyone except himself . Or , maybe he 's just too contemporary to pass as a 19th century illusionist . Reportedly , Robert Downey Jr. and Johnny Depp turned down the role , and either might have played him with more aplomb . Presumably they were wary of messing with a solid gold classic , but while "  Oz " does present a wide target for critics , they should n't have worried : Director Sam Raimi  "  The Amazing Spider-Man , " "  The Evil Dead "  takes care to honor the original in spirit and in style . It may be an impossible job , but he 's surpassed reasonable expectations . The production design and the saturated colors are close enough that this movie really does work as a prequel  albeit in 3-D  , and while the CGI is unmistakably 21st century , Raimi 's unironic celebration of pure artifice does suggest a continuum of sorts . Today 's fashion for green screen and chroma key is not so far removed from the back projection and studio sets of Hollywood 's Golden Age . Because the Land of Oz exists outside our reality , even the most ersatz effects -- butterfly trees and flowers that toll like bells -- are fair game . In this place of garish , unnatural wonders and exotic fauna  Zach Braff turns up in the form of a diminutive winged monkey  , the bewildered magician is swept off his feet by not one , but three magnificent witches -- Mila Kunis , Rachel Weisz and Michelle Williams -- one after the other , each appealing to his better judgment and worst instincts , and none copping to the wickedness that we know will show its hand eventually . Will our flawed hero measure up to the fix in which he finds himself ? And how , with nothing but an army of peaceniks to counter the witches ' Winkies ? The new "  Oz " falls short of the 1939 "  Oz " in charm and innocence and certainly in songs  there is only one , a brief , jokey number from the Munchkins  . But as family entertainment , it 's hard to fault such a rapturous spectacle and astute , suspenseful piece of storytelling . A true fantasist , Raimi has conjured up a valentine to the imagination , to smoke and mirrors and to the movies as a magical space where we might envisage , and possibly even realize , our better selves . That 's more than good enough .	Sam Raimi 's "  Oz the Great and Powerful " is a prequel to "  Wizard of Oz " Instead of Dorothy , James Franco 's Oscar Diggs is the focus Director Sam Raimi takes care to honor the original in spirit and style Critic : "  Oz " is short on charm and innocence but astute and suspenseful
CNN  -- Pot smokers traveling to Denver to take advantage of Colorado 's new recreational marijuana law are being warned it 's against the rules to carry it through the airport . You wo n't be searched and there are no drug dogs patrolling Denver International Airport , but if you are searched for another reason , you could lose your weed and face a $ 999 administrative fine , Denver International Airport spokeswoman Stacey Stegman told CNN on Monday . On Wednesday , Colorado becomes the first state in the U.S. to license retail sales of marijuana , which could lure visitors from other states to the "  mile high city " by way of the airport . Airport officials have imposed a zero-tolerance marijuana policy to discourage them , Stegman said . "  We do n't know what to expect , " she said . "  We hear these stories that there 's going to be more people coming here . We just want to make it clear if people are traveling that they just know the rules . " Even pot smokers who are dropping Grandma off for a flight are warned to leave their stash at home . "  We do n't think an airport is a place that you need marijuana , " Stegman said . Airport visitors who get into trouble for fighting , being drunk or another infraction could be searched , but police will not routinely search for marijuana , she said . Officers at Transportation Security Administration checkpoints will not look for marijuana in carry-on bags or travelers ' pockets , but if they find it incidentally , it will be confiscated and airport police would be alerted , according to the TSA 's published policy . "  Law enforcement will determine how to proceed with the passenger who is attempting to transport marijuana -- can include arrest , confiscation of the substance , request to dispose of the substance or allowing passenger to proceed , " the TSA website says . "  Passengers may be warned that if they are traveling into a state where marijuana remains illegal that they could face further consequences . " Denver police , who patrol the huge airport , will decide if a ticket will be issued , just as if it were a speeding ticket , Stegman said . An administrative law judge would hear any cases that are contested , she said . "  Signs are going up , but we still have some processes to go through , " she said . "  Warnings will be issued for a short period of time . " Colorado cities have authority under the new law to ban marijuana from public property , including municipal airports . While some states are decriminalizing or legalizing pot sales and possession , federal laws against marijuana have not changed . "  We share a space with federal agencies , so we also have to respect their rules and regulations , " Stegman said . We are trying to make the best of the situation . It is new , and we 're all learning . " CNN 's Miguel Marquez contributed to this report .	Police wo n't look for pot , but they could issue a $ 999 ticket if they incidentally find it Official : "  We just want to make it clear if people are traveling that they just know the rules " TSA officers at checkpoints will not look for marijuana in bags or pockets Colorado becomes the first U.S. state to license retail sales of marijuana
MYRTLE BEACH , South Carolina  CNN  -- The top three Democratic presidential candidates face off in a Monday night debate in South Carolina , with the hearts and minds of African-American voters on the line . Sen. Barack Obama addresses Ebenezer Baptist Church , where the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. once preached . Sens. Hillary Clinton of New York and Barack Obama of Illinois and former Sen. John Edwards of North Carolina share the stage at Myrtle Beach 's Palace Theatre as the nation honors the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. with a federal holiday . The debate , put together by CNN and the Congressional Black Caucus Institute , comes five days before the Democratic primary in South Carolina , where almost half of the Democratic primary voters are African-Americans . These voters will be crucial to the outcome of Saturday 's primary in South Carolina . They now appear to be leaning heavily toward Obama , who if elected , would become the country 's first black president . Having a debate on Martin Luther King Jr. . Day in South Carolina "  is very fitting , " said David Bohrman , CNN senior vice president and Washington bureau chief , who is executive producer of the debate . "  Perhaps a debate on Martin Luther King Day in South Carolina should be made a must-stop on the road to the White House every four years . " A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Friday suggested that nearly 60 percent of black registered Democrats were backing Obama as the presidential nominee , with 31 percent supporting Clinton . That 's a major shift from October , when African-Americans backed Clinton over Obama , 57 percent to 33 percent . What appears to have changed is Obama 's electability . "  There 's been a huge shift among African-American Democrats from Clinton to Obama . African-American Democrats used to be reluctant to support Obama because they did n't think a black man could be elected . Then Obama won Iowa and nearly won New Hampshire . Now they believe , " Bill Schneider , CNN 's senior political analyst , said . "  Obama 's lead over Clinton among black men is more than 50 points , and among black women , once a Clinton stronghold , Obama has an 11-point advantage , " said Keating Holland , CNN 's polling director . Entrance polls from Saturday 's Nevada Democratic caucuses match what appears in the CNN poll . Eighty-three percent of black voters questioned before they entered the caucuses said they were backing Obama , with 14 percent supporting Clinton , who if elected , would become the country 's first woman to win the presidency . These kinds of numbers could spell trouble in South Carolina for Clinton , who 's coming off victories in the New Hampshire primary and the Nevada caucuses . But Clinton holds a special relationship with many in the black community , thanks to her efforts in support of civil rights and to the popularity of former President Clinton with African-Americans . Both Democratic front-runners were reaching out to African-American voters Sunday . Obama , who often refers to King in his speeches , spoke at Atlanta , Georgia 's Ebenezer Baptist Church , where the late civil rights leader once preached . Watch Clinton , Obama reach out to black voters " Obama recalled the legacy of discrimination against African-Americans but challenged the audience at the historic black church to take a look at a few lingering prejudices among some within the community . "  And yet , if we are honest with ourselves , we must admit that none of our hands are entirely clean . If we 're honest with ourselves , we 'll acknowledge that our own community has not always been true to King 's vision of a beloved community , " Obama said , citing homophobia , anti-Semitism and anti-immigrant sentiment . Obama told the congregation Sunday morning that if King could forgive his jailers , "  surely we can look past what divides us in our time . " Obama 's visit to the city coincided with his endorsement Sunday by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution , which cited his "  appeal across many of the lines that have divided America , " adding that "  both Clinton and Obama would make very good presidents , -LSB- but -RSB- Obama is the person ; this is his time . " Georgia voters head to the polls February 5 . In New York , Hillary Clinton spent Sunday morning at another historic black church , Harlem 's Abyssinian Baptist Church , where she picked up the endorsement of its pastor , the Rev. Calvin Butts . Butts said outside the church : "  A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote to elect someone who has proven through time to me and to this community and this country that she has the experience to make things happen , and the vision to return us to a place of prosperity . " Clinton also sounded a conciliatory note Sunday . "  I have the highest regard and admiration for my friend and colleague Sen. Barack Obama . I am honored to be running with him , " she said . "  I hope that this election remains focused on the big challenges that confront us . " After a distant third-place finish in the Nevada caucuses , Edwards on Sunday made light of his performance . On CNN 's "  Late Edition With Wolf Blitzer , " Edwards said he hopes "  what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas , " admitting , "  I got my butt kicked . " Edwards would like to rebound in South Carolina , his native state . He won the primary there in 2004 when he was making his first bid for the White House . But he 's running a distant third in most recent surveys in South Carolina , behind Obama and Clinton . On Sunday , Edwards sounded a cautious note , saying South Carolina was important but just one "  part of the long process . ... We will see how it goes . " Also on "  Late Edition , " the House majority whip , Rep. James Clyburn , D-South Carolina , cited the timing of the debate to help put the spotlight on issues important to blacks . Clyburn , the highest ranking African-American in Congress , was instrumental in having Monday 's debate held in South Carolina . "  When we were dealing with the dates of the primary , we tried to work in the symbolism that it would have to all of the world , for that matter , to have this debate on Martin Luther King Jr. 's birthday celebration , " Clyburn told Blitzer , who is the moderator of the event . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Paul Steinhauser , Rebecca Sinderbrand , Chris Welch and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Congressional Black Caucus Institute , CNN host Democratic debate tonight Front-runners vying for African-American voters ahead of South Carolina primary Sen. Barack Obama visits former church of the Rev. Martin Luther King , Jr. in Atlanta Sen. Hillary Clinton picks up pastor 's endorsement at Harlem church
Editor 's note : Clark Howard , the Atlanta , Georgia-based host of a nationally syndicated radio show , is host of a television show designed to help viewers save more , spend less and avoid getting ripped off during these tough economic times . The show airs at noon and 4 p.m. ET Saturdays and Sundays on HLN . Clark Howard says it 's smart to cut back and save , but sometimes being cheap does n't pay . ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Over the last several years , we as Americans became "  negative net savers " -- a fancy term used by pointy-headed economists to say that we spent more money than we made . In fact , our savings rate was at negative 2.7 percent as recently as four years ago . Now , however , the trend seems to be reversing . We actually saved five percent out of every dollar of disposable income in January , according to the Bureau of Economic Analysis  BEA  . Wow , a whole nickel out of every dollar . Thomas Jefferson would be proud ! Sure , it 's not the "  dime on a dollar " rule of thumb for savings that I rave about , but it 's a start . Watch Clark talk with an amazing saver " The truly noteworthy thing here is how we 're saving this much-heralded five percent . Where exactly are we cutting back to satisfy our newfound hunger for pinching nickels ? The BEA 's numbers show that vehicles and fuel expenses account for nearly two-thirds of the savings . That category alone has seen a $ 115.2 billion decline compared with January 2008 numbers . Americans are riding their vehicles until the wheels fall off . The second largest category where we 've cut back on is eating out , which is down $ 55.7 billion from last January . After that , we 're also trimming the budget on clothing , jewelry , alcohol and more . In most recessions , the sales of alcohol do very well as people try to drown their worries in a bottle . I 'm not so sure that behavior itself has changed , but this time around , people are trading down in their drink of choice . For example , fancy wine drinkers may be switching to Trader Joe 's lines of Charles Shaw wines  a.k.a. Two Buck Chuck , for their $ 1.99 - $ 3.49 per bottle price  . Beer drinkers , meanwhile , are skipping expensive and exotic microbrews in favor of cheaper choices . Of course , there are other ways to save a nickel without having to trade down or go without . Many people are simply becoming "  do-it-yourselfers . " This trend has also been called insourcing -- when you do something yourself instead of paying someone else to do it . Some marketers have seized on insourcing to great effect . For example , Target recently ran an ad campaign that aimed to reinvent the store 's image for these new , leaner times . Consider this : The ailing retailer has always positioned itself as an affordable splurge over the years . But suddenly , any kind of splurge is seen as irrelevant in today 's economy and Target 's sales are suffering . So their recent ad campaign was all about the "  new . " A circular I saw showed the "  new " room service  store brand orange juice and cereal served at home  ; the "  new " personal trainer  using home exercise equipment instead of paying for a gym membership  ; and the "  new " restaurant  eating at home  -- all things that can be pricey , but are now being repositioned on the cheap in an effort to boost sales . Insourcing is making direct inroads into the home too -- quite literally . The Wall Street Journal 's Weekend Journal recently reported on "  closet boutiques " where women are now opening up their homes and closets to strangers in order to sell unwanted designer clothes . Closet boutiques are typically advertised on Craigslist . There were 715,000 postings in February -- more than double the amount last year at that time . For buyers , a closet boutique offers the opportunity to pick up designer threads at a tiny fraction of their new cost . But a word of caution for sellers : You 'll almost certainly have some questionable characters coming into your home . Store away all your valuables , and make sure you have enough eyeballs on hand to ensure that people do n't wander around your home with sticky fingers . In other DIY  do-it-yourself  moments , The Washington Post recently reported that sales of sewing kits at Wal-Mart are up 30 percent in just the last few months . People are mending their own clothes instead of paying a tailor or seamstress to do the same . And let 's not even mention all the botched dye jobs that hairdressers are having to work with from women  and some men  who tried to take matters into their own hands . Sometimes , it does n't pay to be cheap !	Americans are saving five percent out of every dollar Vehicles and fuel expenses account for nearly two-thirds of the savings More people trying "  do-it-yourself " projects like sewing , hair dying Clark says , sometimes it does n't pay to be cheap
CNN  -- The U.S. Coast Guard and Environmental Protection Agency on Saturday authorized BP to use chemical dispersants underwater to help break up the oil leaking into the Gulf of Mexico . BP and other authorities have already used more than 436,000 gallons of dispersants on the ocean 's surface , but the Coast Guard says using it underwater could be even more effective . CNN takes a look at what dispersants are , how they work and what other effects they may have on humans and the environment . What are dispersants ? Dispersants are a common product used to clean and control oil spills in the ocean . They are special fluid chemicals that bond to the oil molecules and separate them from water molecules , thus breaking up the oil . The result is tiny oil droplets that can biodegrade more quickly than a mass of oil . Though they are chemicals , they are generally less harmful than the highly toxic oil , the Coast Guard and EPA say . How are dispersants used ? Dispersants are usually used on the surface of the ocean and distributed by aircraft flying over an oil spill . BP said this week it has made more than 120 such flights to spread dispersant in the Gulf of Mexico . Using it underwater is a new idea , and BP says it hopes to inject the dispersants directly into the oil flow at a point close to the main leak on the seabed . The technique could help break up and disperse the oil before it reaches the surface , BP says . Are dispersants harmful to the environment ? Experts say dispersants , while toxic , are much less toxic than oil . Using them on an oil spill produces the "  lesser of two difficult environmental outcomes , " says EPA administrator Lisa Jackson . But some experts , including Ken Rosenberg of Cornell University 's Lab of Ornithology , say dispersants still pose a problem for the environment . "  Almost certainly it 's going to have major effects down in the water to the marine life and , ultimately , this is the same marine life on which the birds and animals on the surface are dependent , " Rosenberg told CNN . Scientists have warned that fish eggs and larvae , shrimp , coral and oysters are potentially most at risk from dispersants . The chemicals can also contaminate the skin of ocean-farmed fish if their cages are near where dispersants are used , according to the International Tanker Owners Pollution Federation , a nonprofit group that offers technical guidance on cleaning up spills . Do dispersants pose any harm to humans ? The dispersant being used by BP is made by the Nalco Holding Co. based in Naperville , Illinois . The company would not discuss the exact chemical makeup of the dispersant , Corexit 9500 , in part because the formula is a trade secret . Corexit 9500 comes with a warning that it can cause irritation to the eyes , skin and respiratory tract with prolonged contact . Toxicologists and environmental scientists say , however , that dispersants are unlikely to cause immediate harm to people . Charlie Henry , scientific support coordinator with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , has said the dispersants being used in the Gulf show "  fairly low toxicity . " CNN 's Caleb Hellerman contributed to this report .	Dispersants are a common product used to clean and control oil spills in the ocean They are chemicals , but less harmful than the toxic oil , Coast Guard and EPA say BP will try using dispersants underwater to break up oil gushing into Gulf of Mexico
CNN  -- Brazil 's economic powerhouse was once thought of as the ugly sister to Rio de Janeiro 's beach-fronted glamour . São Paulo , the world 's fifth-largest city , is the fashion capital of Brazil . But , over the past few years , São Paulo 's fashion , music and design scenes have gained such momentum that it 's tipped by some as a cooler destination than more touristy Rio . True , São Paulo does n't have a beach , nor does it go out of its way to cater to foreign visitors , but hidden in the sprawl is a trove of hip hotels and restaurants , modernist architecture and some of the best shopping south of the Equator . It would take a lot longer than a day to discover everything São Paulo has to offer , but our guide should help visitors short on time to navigate the city 's immense grid of skyscrapers and traffic jams to find an entirely different Brazilian experience . Watch the sun come up over the world 's fifth-largest urban area like many of its mega-wealthy inhabitants -- with a helicopter ride over the city . Tourist rides normally leave from Campo de Marte Airport and take in aerial views of city landmarks such as Ibirapuera Park and Avenida Paulista . You may have worked up an appetite by now , so head back into town for breakfast on Rua Oscar Freire , São Paulo 's answer to Rodeo Drive . Eat delicious cheese bread known as pão de queijo , fruit , yoghurt and granola , and wash it down with a freshly squeezed juice or coffee at Oscar Cafe . The prosperous , tree-lined avenues of the surrounding area , known as Jardims , are perfect for a bit of shopping . Look out for Clube Chocolate , where you can buy upscale designerwear in divine surroundings  Rua Oscar Freire 913  and Endossa , a collaborative shop filled with cubes of shelving where entrepreneurs can rent a cubby-hole to sell their wares . From here it 's possible to walk to Avenida Paulista , São Paulo 's financial district , and there you can mill past some of the most expensive real estate in South America with the Paulistano businessfolk on your way to take in some culture at MASP , also known as São Paulo Museum of Art . Once you 've had your fill of high culture , take in some of São Paulo 's famous street art on Beco de Batman , which translates as "  Batman Alley . " Every inch of this street in the super hip Vila Madalena area is covered in graffiti , much of it by well-known local artists . Recharge your batteries with a beer and snack on empadas , delicious miniature pies with a variety of fillings like palm hearts , Portuguese salted fish and cheese at Empanadas  Rua Wisard 489 , Vila Madalena  . Otherwise , why not hop in a cab and head over to Liberdade to check out the home of the biggest Japanese community anywhere in the world outside Japan ? Check out the Buddhist temple  Rua São Joaquim  , karaoke bars and sushi restaurants -- one of the best of which is Takô  Rua da Glória 746 , Liberdade  . With its green-copper facade , the Hotel Unique is just one example of São Paulo 's stunning modern architecture . The highlight of this area , if you happen to be lucky enough to be there at the right time , is the anything-goes weekend market Feira da Liberdade  Praça da Liberdade  , and if you 're even luckier you might catch one of the sumo competitions held there from time to time . After all these hours in the concrete jungle you may be longing for a bit of green , which you can find in ample supply in the enormous Ibirapuera Park . As you wander the tree-lined walkways , dodging throngs of body-conscious Paulistanos exercising along the way , you will encounter one masterpiece of modernist architecture after another -- mostly designed by the father of Brazilian modernism Oscar Niemeyer . Look out for the beautiful sci-fi dome , Oca , and the Grande Marquise , an extraordinary white pavilion that houses MAM  Museu de Arte Moderna  and features expanses of covered concrete which attract many of the city 's skateboarders . No visit to São Paulo , or indeed any part of Brazil , is complete without trying a caipirinha -- a winning combination of the local firewater , cachaça , smashed limes , sugar and ice . If spirits are a bit much for you , try a divine -- and very Paulistano -- twist on the original with squished kiwi fruit and sake . You could combine a few cocktails with catching the final rays of the day on the rooftop of another of São Paulo 's modernist masterpieces , Edifício Itália  Terraza Italia Restaurant , Avenida Ipiranga 344  . Here you can enjoy a breathtaking panorama , with another Niemeyer masterpiece -- the wavy-façaded Edifício Copan -- in full view . It 's got to be dinner time by now . In São Paulo your options are almost unlimited . With huge populations of Japanese , Italians and even Lebanese , the problem is not where to eat but how to choose . A highlight of São Paulo 's dining scene has to be Restaurante Figueira Rubaiyat , where you can eat awesome steaks and very good seafood in a dining room that has been built around an enormous fig tree . If you 're still rearing to go after that little lot , São Paulo 's nightlife options are almost endless . You can shake your moneymaker with the best of them at one of the city 's clubland stalwarts Love Story , or if you are looking for something a little more low-key , then why not round off the day on the rooftop terrace of the Skye Bar at Hotel Unique . The hotel 's space-age green copper façade is indeed unique , and it is also a good bet for a bed for the night in really special surroundings .	São Paulo 's art , fashion and music scene means it 's no longer second to Rio Among the grid of skyscrapers is iconic modernist architecture by Oscar Niemeyer Uniquely Brazilian , the city also has a twist of other cultures Do what the Paulistanos do and sample street-side delicacies and top cocktails
CNN  -- Floating high above the Earth , astronaut Karen Nyberg pointed her camera at a swirling white cloud spreading across the planet . Little did she know the devastation that was unfurling beneath . This remarkable image of Super Typhoon Haiyan over the Philippines , was taken by the NASA astronaut during a five-month mission in space . It was one of many specular photographs taken by Nyberg -- who in 2008 became the 50th woman in space -- and was retweeted thousands of times by her followers back on Earth . CNN spoke to the mechanical engineering professor earlier this year , in a live broadcast from the International Space Station . Watch the full interview here As she returned to Earth this week , we again caught up with the American astronaut to chat about her fascinating experiments and adjusting to life back on the blue planet . CNN : What was it like , taking a photograph like that and realizing the impact it might have on Earth as you looked out the window ? Karen Nyberg : It definitely makes you think , because it 's so beautiful when you look out the window . I could n't even fit the entire storm in one picture . I used a 50 millimeter lens to capture as much as I could , but just knowing the devastation underneath this beautiful cloud is pretty sad . CNN : You 've also taken some other photographs which have been just as beautiful , and not caused such a devastating impact -- like sunrises over Earth . KN : Yes , I love taking pictures and I enjoyed it more and more as the mission went on -- that 's probably one of the things I 'll miss the most . It was a great geography lesson for me too , to get these images from all over the world . CNN : Do you see the world in the same way , as before you went up as an astronaut ? KN : You actually do see it a little differently -- in a strange way you feel closer to everybody . I wish everybody could experience that . CNN : What sort of experiments were you working on while you were up there ? KN : A lot of the experiments were being done on us -- looking at our eyesight and how that changes , and looking at our bone density and how that changes by the effects of micro gravity . We also did a lot of experiments on fluids and combustion -- a lot of these are for developing systems to travel further into outer space , and a lot of them will really benefit what we 're doing on Earth . CNN : A lot of astronauts apparently experience long-term vision problems after returning to Earth -- is that something that 's happened to you , and do you know what causes it ? KN : I had some vision changes during my stay on the space station , but it 's coming back to normal again -- I think that 's happened frequently to other astronauts . I have n't experienced long-term changes but we have done quite intensive studies on me and my crew mates . CNN : What are other changes you 've noticed since coming back to Earth ? KN : It seems like I never left in a lot of ways -- it 's almost a time warp . You get back to home and work , and it 's like you were never away . I think I 'll need to go back and look at my pictures pretty soon and reminisce . To see more of Karen Nyberg 's photographs from space , follow her on Twitter or like her on Facebook . Learn more about the history of women in space .	NASA astronaut captures typhoon Haiyan over Philippines , from space Karen Nyberg speaks to CNN after 166-day mission in space Conducted experiments on astronauts ' eyesight and bone density
An apartment building in the North Korean capital collapsed in what state media described as a "  serious accident " that caused an unspecified number of casualties . The unusual , apologetic report Sunday from the North 's state-run Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  said the collapse took place Tuesday at the construction site of an apartment building in Phyongchon , a central district of Pyongyang . "  The accident claimed casualties , " the agency reported without providing details on the number of people killed and injured . Rescue efforts were abandoned on Saturday , the agency said . A South Korean government official said the building had 23 floors , estimating that as many as 92 families might have been living inside . It 's common for people to move into North Korean buildings before construction is completed , the official said . The South Korean government closely monitors activities in North Korea . The construction of the building "  was not done properly and officials supervised and controlled it in an irresponsible manner , " KCNA reported . Pyongyang residents were "  greatly shocked " it said . Kim Jong Un upset The secretive North Korean regime rarely calls attention to problems within its borders . The publication of the state media report , which contained a series of apologies from senior public officials , suggests it was a severe calamity . Kim Jong Un , the country 's leader , "  sat up all night , feeling painful after being told about the accident " and put aside "  all other affairs , " KCNA reported , citing Kim Su Gil , the chief secretary of the Pyongyang City Committee of the ruling Workers ' Party of Korea . Minister of People 's Security Choe Pu Il described the accident as "  unimaginable , " according to the news agency . Kim Su Gil said authorities are taking steps to help the families of the victims and provide them with new housing , supporting the conclusion that people were living in the building while it was still under construction . Among the disasters that North Korea has taken the rare step of acknowledging publicly are floods in 2012 that killed scores of people and an explosion at a train station in 2004 that caused hundreds of casualties .	Dozens of families may have been in the building , a South Korean official says North Korea state media report "  casualties " but do n't provide any specific numbers The accident took place at an apartment building under construction in Pyongyang KCNA : Leader Kim Jong Un "  sat up all night , feeling painful " after hearing the news
CNN  Around the world , parents are navigating deep , uncharted emotional waters after a young man decided to leave a band . Yes , Zayn Malik has quit One Direction . For parents bewildered by the sudden outpouring of grief , here are a few facts to use as anchors in the sea of despair . Malik left the band . He did n't die . He was n't thrown out . He quit , because he 's young and did n't want to do it any more . "  I am leaving because I want to be a normal 22-year old who is able to relax and have some private time out of the spotlight , " he said in a statement posted on the band 's Facebook page . Sound fair enough ? In the world of One Direction fans , ABSOLUTELY NOT ! A few more facts for emotional ballast : The band is staying together . The other four will continue to tour and make records and even work on their fifth album this year , the statement said . So , now that the facts are out there , how do parents cope with what may seem to be a completely over-the-top irrational response to a small change in line-up ? Never , ever , underestimate the depths of adolescent emotion . "  Teenagers are wired to feel emotional and to feel almost obsessive about things , and passionate and impulsive . So it makes sense biologically that they are this entrenched in 1D , " says Dannielle Miller , an author and teen girl educator . After the loss of Malik , Miller says many teenagers are coping with a sense of loss they 've never felt before . To them , it is real , and incredibly painful . "  The last thing you want to do as a parent is to just think it 's silly and to laugh at your child if she 's really upset about this because her feelings will be very real to her , " Miller says .  Or him , as the case may be  . "  If you choose to laugh at her or tease her about it , then she 's not going to tell you when she 's grieving about other things in her life that she 's really struggling with . " Arm yourself with some tissues and take a step back , advises child psychologist Dr. Louise Porter . "  A parent 's job is to understand that they 're sad , even if we do n't understand why . If we think it 's an over-the-top reaction for the circumstances , that does n't matter , " says Porter . She advises against trying to placate and console . "  You do n't need to console , you do n't need to give advice . There was a famous communicator by the name of Marshall Rosenberg who said ` do n't just do something , stand there . ' They just need us to hear the message that says ` you 're sad . ' " There 's some scary stuff out there , not least the Twitter hashtag #cut4zayn or #cutforzayn . Fans are posting images of slashed arms , as a sign of devotion or warped attempt to pressure Zayn to change his mind . In one instance , a user posted a photo that appeared to show the bloodied words "  I LOVE ZAYN " etched on his or her arm . There 's a precedent , Miller says . In 2013 , a similar hashtag started that urged fans to "  cut for Bieber , " after reports that singer Justin Bieber was caught smoking marijuana . "  A lot of those pictures were since proven to be hoaxes , so a similar thing could be happening here now , " Miller says . "  But regardless , the reality is lots of teen girls do think that these pictures are real and are sharing them . " Miller says seeing images of self-harm could encourage vulnerable girls to do the same . "  As a parent it 's really concerning because images of people self-harming can be quite triggering , " she says . Look for signs of self-harm . Your child might start wearing clothes that deliberately cover their arms and legs , or become especially withdrawn . Miller advises parents to ask the children outright : Are you hurting yourself ? "  There 's nothing wrong with being quite direct about it , " she says . "  Early intervention is always great because then she needs to learn a healthier way of dealing with stress . " The Internet is awash with melodrama on the issue of Zayn and what next for One Direction . Girls are sobbing on Vine videos , while on Twitter fans are competing to express the extent of their grief . Experts say it 's not necessarily a good idea to slap an outright ban on the Internet , no matter how strongly you feel about its negative influence . "  The parent needs to ask the child is it better to be on the net or is it better to be off ? " say Porter . "  It 's better to distance yourself from it at times when it 's feeling overwhelming , and dip back into it as you need to , to touch base with other people . " Miller advises clearly explaining to the child why it would be better not to log on . "  Explain why , do n't get cross at them . They 're not doing anything wrong . They 're grieving with what they see as their tribe . " But she adds : "  What you 're seeing on there is a feeding frenzy of grief which really is n't helpful . " She suggests offering to replay a One Direction concert , or if the pain is still too raw , go for a walk or do something else . The good news for parents is that the trauma should subside after a couple of days . And if it takes longer ? "  You do n't want to rush children but if it 's going on for a couple of days , you might say , "  passively coping and just being sad probably is n't going to work for you in this or in life in general so what can you do to make yourself feel better , " Porter says . Miller says for many teens , the partial break-up of One Direction signals an end of an era . But she says if the grieving goes on for longer than a couple of days it may be advisable to talk further and perhaps seek external help . Right now , grieving One Direction fans may not want to hear it , but for parents Malik 's departure offers a great opportunity to teach an important life lesson . "  This is quite a nice introduction to grief , " says Porter , pointing out that the vast majority of Malik 's fans do n't know their idol . And after all , he has n't died . Miller agrees . "  For parents , this is an incredible opportunity to show your child how to be more resilient . " "  In doing this now , in what is really distant from them , then you 're giving them a wonderful scaffold to fall back on when in the real world someone leaves them or breaks their heart . We all need to learn that skill , " she says . Look for the silver lining . Miller says Malik has set a great example for his fans by choosing his personal happiness over fame , success and money . "  That 's something they should admire him for , " Miller says . She suggests asking your child to tell you what other positive outcomes might come from this . A brilliant solo career ? A happier Zayn ? 1 . Encourage teens to have a good cry . 2 . Encourage them to self-talk themselves through this . "  He has n't died . So what might happen to Zayn next ? What could happen to the band next . Could there be a great solo album out of this ? Get them thinking in a more positive frame of mind , " Miller says . 3 . Get them moving . "  Sitting in their room on the computer watching other kids cut themselves and talk about the end of the world is not helpful . " 4 . Encourage them to share how they 're feeling with you and to be honest with you so you can check that they 're coping . 5 . Encourage them to not spend too much time online . And through all that remember , in the wise words of Malik : "  It was 5 great years . "	Zayn Malik is leaving One Direction to be a "  normal 22-year old " Grief-stricken fans express their devastation online Experts : Great opportunity for parents to teach their children resilience
CNN  A St. Louis man has filed a lawsuit alleging excessive force in a case that involves an officer turning off a dashcam that was recording the man 's arrest . At one point in the video from the dashcam , a female officer can be heard saying : "  Hold up , everybody , hold up . We 're red right now so if you guys are worried about cameras just wait . " The phrase "  we 're red right now " indicates that a camera is recording . A second dashcam continued to record . Video of the April arrest shows officers stopping a vehicle being driven by Cortez Bufford , whose car roughly matched the description of one possibly involved in an area shooting . As officers approached the vehicle , they ordered Bufford and his passenger to show their hands . They did . According to the police report , one officer smelled marijuana and saw what looked to be plastic baggies full of a leafy green substance . The passenger was ordered from the vehicle , and he was handcuffed without incident . Bufford was also ordered to exit the vehicle , but he refused and became increasingly agitated , according to the report . He was then removed . While officers attempted to place him in handcuffs , one saw the handle of a handgun sticking out of Bufford 's right front pocket . According to the report , Bufford was seen reaching for the weapon . The video then shows officers kicking Bufford while he is on the ground . According to his suit , Bufford suffered abrasions to his fingers , face , back , head , ears and neck . He was handcuffed after an officer used a Taser on him . A loaded handgun was later removed from Bufford 's pocket . An attorney representing the city and the police department defended the officers ' actions in the arrest , while condemning the officer who turned off the dashcam , which is against department policy . "  The officers were not acting out of line at any time during the arrest . The person involved in this altercation had a semi-automatic gun , and the officers were protecting themselves and the public . They did what had to be done to protect themselves , " Winston Calvert told CNN . He said the use of force and the dashcam issues are separate . The officer who shut off the dashcam video was referred to an internal affairs department , Calvert said . "  The city 's Police Department has a policy on the use of dash cameras and other cameras , and the Police Department special order says the cameras should be left on until the event is concluded . When we saw that an officer had violated that policy , it was very disappointing , " he said . "  The internal affairs recommended discipline for the officer , which is what happened . " Because the case is still open to appeal , Calvert declined to say what the punishment was . He said the officer , who he identified as Kelli Swinton , remains on the job while her appeal is underway . A call to the officer 's lawyer was not returned . Attorney Joel Schwartz , who represents Bufford , is urging reform . All of the charges against his client have been dismissed . According to a statement from St. Louis prosecutor Jennifer M. Joyce , the "  action of turning off the dash camera video diminished the evidentiary merits of the case . " "  I do n't think an officer on the scene should have the capability to stop the camera from rolling . Otherwise it defeats the entire purpose of having body cameras and/or dashcams , " Schwartz said . Interactive : Does video of police tell the whole truth ? CNN 's Alina Machado contributed to this report .	Police say Cortez Bufford refused to get out of his car as ordered Another dashcam video shows officers kicking Bufford as he 's on the ground Bufford had a loaded handgun in his pants , police say
CNN  -- Ever since the Cuban Revolution more than 50 years ago , athletes on the communist island have been able to garner gold medals and glory , but not big paychecks . In a shift , the Cuban government says it will allow its athletes to play professionally abroad , ostensibly to shore up the competitiveness of its national teams . But it can not be overlooked that lucrative contracts for Cuban athletes abroad would benefit the state through taxation . Whether the new policy , announced through state media on Friday , will open a floodgate of talented Cuban athletes to the United States will have to be seen . Several obstacles stand to limit how much freedom athletes will actually have . The new policy will be implemented in the coming months , the state-run Granma newspaper reported . It follows an earlier opening by the Cuban government to let its boxers compete in the World Series of Boxing , a semipro league . Pugilistic passions stir in Cuba Limits faced by athletes Until now , defection has been the common path for Cuban athletes who want to compete abroad . Los Angeles Dodgers ' star Yasiel Puig , for instance , defected from Cuba in 2012 and signed a seven-year , $ 42 million contract . There are others in Cuban sports history who have left millions on the table to remain loyal and compete for their government . The late boxer Teofilo Stevenson , a three-time Olympic gold medal winner , passed up a rich offer to fight Muhammad Ali . But Stevenson did not appear to have any regrets about his decision to turn down a big payday by staying amateur . "  What is $ 1 million compared to the love of 8 million Cubans ? " he famously declared . Top Cuban athletes can make a few hundred dollars a month on the island . They stand to make much more with the coming changes . Cuban travel reform a home run for baseball star who defected New policy The opening of opportunities to make money abroad seems like a recognition of the lucrative market for athletes , but Granma explained it as an affirmation of Karl Marx 's slogan : "  From each according to his ability , to each according to his need . " Whatever foreign pro-sports contracts athletes may sign , they will still be required to be in Cuba for the key national team competitions , according to Granma . Cuba has traditionally produced strong boxers and baseball players , and even though this policy will open doors to competing anywhere abroad , the United States stands to be the biggest attraction . There is no guarantee , however , that the Cuban players who take advantage of this policy will see that sought-after American contract . The first problem is the U.S. embargo on Cuba , a policy that isolates Cuba economically and financially . The Cuban government envisions its athletes paying taxes on money earned anywhere abroad , but if that money is made in the United States , sending it to the communist nation would violate a longstanding economic embargo , a U.S. official familiar with its enforcement told CNN . In practice , Cuban athletes are more likely to end up in leagues in countries other than the United States . Baseball is king in Cuba , and Major League Baseball would be a coveted destination for many Cuban athletes . The league is aware of reports about the new Cuban policy , but said in a statement that "  given that we do not have any details of this change in policy , it would be premature for us to speculate what effect it may have . " Major League Baseball "  and its clubs have and will continue to act in accordance with the laws and policies of the United States Government , " the statement said . Another hurdle for athletes is the migration reform that went into effect in Cuba this year that still requires athletes to seek government approval to travel abroad . With this restriction in place , the government maintains control over which athletes it trusts to seek contracts abroad . Still , initial reaction was positive . "  If that happened , it 's good for the people of Cuba , " Osvaldo Alonso of the Major League Soccer team Sounders FC told The Seattle Times . Alonso defected from Cuba in 2007 . "  They can play anywhere and show they have good  athletes  , " Alonso told the Times . "  I 'm very happy for them that they 're giving them opportunities to play in other countries and to be professionals in other leagues . " In 2012 : The secrets to Cuba 's boxing success	Cuba says it will allow athletes to play professionally abroad Before , Cuban athletes were not allowed to go pro It could allow for big paydays for some , but challenges may prevent that
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A Seattle , Washington , woman who accused illusionist David Copperfield of sexually assaulting her more than two years ago has now been charged with prostitution and making a false accusation in another case , according to Copperfield 's attorney and Washington state officials . The federal probe of Copperfield was officially closed earlier this month . "  Local authorities have charged Mr. Copperfield 's accuser with making yet another false claim of rape , this time against a Seattle-area businessman , and with prostitution , " Copperfield lawyer Patty Eakes said Tuesday . King County , Washington , prosecutor Susan Irwin said in criminal complaints filed Monday that Lacey Carroll committed the alleged offenses on December 2 , 2009 . "  These developments vindicate Mr. Copperfield and confirm what he has said all along -- this woman tried to extort money from him by making a false claim , " Eakes said . "  Thankfully , authorities have now stepped in to stop her . " The investigation of Copperfield became public in October 2007 when FBI agents raided a warehouse owned by Copperfield in Las Vegas , Nevada . Investigators hauled away a computer hard drive and a memory chip from a digital camera system , as well as $ 2 million in cash that was inside a safe , sources close to the probe said . Federal agents also searched the Hollywood Theater at the MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas , where Copperfield performed , a hotel spokesman said . A Seattle police spokesman told CNN the investigation began when the woman filed a police report concerning an incident that allegedly took place in the Bahamas in the summer of 2007 . His lawyer at the time called it a false allegation and said "  Mr. Copperfield 's reputation precedes him as an impeccable gentleman . " The 53-year-old performs in Las Vegas and around the world , has starred in TV specials , and was named a "  living legend " by the Library of Congress . Despite the accusation , Copperfield continued to sell out large arenas around the United States , according to Forbes Magazine , which estimated he earned $ 30 million last year . He was once engaged to model Claudia Schiffer . According to his Web site , Copperfield began performing professionally at age 12 "  and became the youngest person ever to be admitted to the Society of American Magicians . By 16 , he was teaching a course in magic at New York University . "	Woman charged with prostitution and making a false accusation in another case Lacey Carroll accused David Copperfield of sexually assaulting her two years ago Lawyer : "  Developments vindicate Mr. Copperfield , " prove "  what he has said all along "
CNN  -- A decade after Angola emerged from devastating civil war , the sea front road that winds around the bay of its capital , Luanda , is now dotted with multi-million dollar condominiums , exclusive clubs , and boutique stores catering for the country 's elite . Most of Luanda 's population , however , live in the nearby slums , where health facilities are non-existent and children must work , not study , to survive . Africa 's natural resource wealth has certainly fueled a decade of rapid growth , but most Africans have still not seen the benefits . More urgently , rapid population growth combined with deepening inequality could one day prove explosive . It does not have to be this way , of course . Botswana successfully used its diamond wealth to develop quickly , growing from one of Africa 's poorest countries at independence in 1966 to become a democratic , stable , and upper middle-income country . But countries such as Ghana and Liberia have also made impressive strides towards better natural resource management in recent years . With surging global demand keeping export prices high and new exploration revealing larger reserves than were previously known , Africa stands to reap a windfall from its natural resources . The challenge is to translate this wealth into meaningful benefit for African citizens . Find out more : How Africa 's resources fuel the world This year 's Africa Progress Report , "  Equity in Extractives : Stewarding Africa 's natural resources for all , " recommends policies so that more Africans can benefit from the minerals under their soil and coastal waters . Among our recommendations for African policy makers , the international community , and the private sector , five major themes emerge . First , from revenue flows to company ownership , transparency is critical because it reduces the opportunity for corruption . International initiatives , such as the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative  EITI  , have brought serious progress , and African governments such as Guinea , Liberia , and Ghana are increasingly publishing contract details online . But there is still plenty of work to be done . The international community must do more to tackle the issues of money laundering and anonymous shell companies , which facilitate corruption by hiding the true recipients of corrupt payments . This is a global challenge which requires multilateral solutions . Our report analyzed five recent deals , for example , which cost the Democratic Republic of the Congo an estimated US$ 1.36 billion through the systematic undervaluation and sale of nationally owned mineral assets to unknown buyers . These losses were equal to more than double the combined 2012 budget for health and education in a country that has some of the world 's worst malnutrition , its sixth highest child mortality rate , and over seven million children out of school . Read this : Where is Angola 's oil money ? These issues may have been on this year 's G8 political agenda , but G8 leaders did little to legislate against anonymous company ownership in their jurisdictions . The world will be watching Australia 's G20 leadership next year for meaningful progress on this issue . Second , African countries must secure a fairer share of natural resource revenues for their citizens . Africa has too often received an unfair return on its mineral resources . At the beginning of this century , for example , half a million Zambians in the mining sector were paying a higher tax rate than the multinational companies they were working for . Inevitably , some African governments have been at a natural disadvantage when negotiating with companies whose experience stretches over many decades and different continents too . But fairer deals can be good for multinationals . Companies prefer a stable business environment and fairer deals tend to last much longer . Third , African governments must spend their natural resource revenue more effectively on poverty reduction . Between 2000 and 2011 , for example , Equatorial Guinea grew an average 17 percent per year , making it the fastest growing economy in the world and propelling it into the league of high-income countries . But three quarters of its population still live in poverty and its child mortality rates are among the highest in the world . By using resource flows to eliminate malnutrition , African policymakers could eliminate the greatest barrier to Africa 's social and economic progress , which blights the lives of 40 percent of Africa 's children . Fourth , the international community must tackle tax avoidance and evasion , especially relevant for Africa 's oil , gas , and mineral sectors . Read this : World 's biggest dam to light up Africa ? As we said in our report , Africa still loses more money each year through tax avoidance than it receives in either international aid or foreign direct investment . But the examples of Amazon , Google , and Starbucks show G8 policy agenda aligns with an African agenda too . Throughout the world , governments and citizens will all benefit from tackling tax evasion and avoidance . Fifth , African policy makers must grasp this opportunity to create more jobs . Oil , gas , and mining do n't create large amounts of jobs per se , but job creation is a critical issue for Africa , which has one of the world 's fastest growing populations . Governments must require extractive companies to procure more goods and services locally . But policy makers can also use extractive industries as a base for diversifying their economies . We are upbeat about Africa 's prospects . Not only do we see democracy taking root across the continent and much stronger economic governance , we also see more commitment from multinationals to contribute to society . Ultimately , it is in all our interests that Africa succeeds . We all benefit from an Africa that is prosperous , fair , and stable . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Caroline Kende-Robb .	Africa stands to reap a windfall from its resources , says Caroline Kende-Robb But most Africans have not benefited from continent 's resource-driven growth APP calls for transparency , fairer distribution of revenues , focus on jobs and poverty reduction It also urges the international community to tackle tax avoidance and evasion
CNN  -- Roger Federer takes on Robin Soderling , who knocked out tournament favorite Rafael Nadal in a fourth-round stunner , in the men 's final of the French Open on Sunday . Roger Federer screams in joy after beating Juan Martin del Potro to reach the French Open final . A victory in Roland Garros would give Federer 14 Grand Slams , tying his career wins to American Pete Sampras . The second-seed Federer lagged at first , but beat Argentine Juan Martin del Potro on Friday to make the final . Soderling advanced over Chilean Fernando Gonzalez . Federer , 27 , has a 9-0 record over the 24-year-old Swede going into the final . The Swiss star has suffered emotional defeats recently . At England 's Wimbledon last year , he lost to Rafael Nadal after a five-year reign . The game , which ran about seven hours with a few rain breaks , was the longest-ever Wimbledon men 's final . Nadal also beat Federer in the Australian Open earlier this year . Soderling stunned the top-seed Nadal by handing him a loss in the fourth round of the French Open . The 23rd-seed Soderling was a rank outsider against the world number one who had never lost a match on the clay at Roland Garros and was a short-priced favorite to win a record fifth straight title . In women 's tennis , number one Dinara Safina was beaten Saturday in straight sets by fellow Russian Svetlana Kuznetsova in the final of the French Open at Roland Garros . Safina , who has reached the top of the world rankings despite not having a major title to her name , looked completely out-of-sorts against her compatriot , who secured a comfortable 6-4 , 6-2 victory in just over an hour . The defeat was a crushing blow to Safina , 23 , who has long had to contend with the accusations that she is not a worthy world number one -- and this third grand slam final defeat will do nothing to silence the doubters . It was the second straight year she has lost in the final here , after going down in straight sets to Ana Ivanovic of Serbia last year . It was also her second successive grand slam final defeat , having lost to Serena Williams in the Australian Open in Melbourne earlier this year .	A French Open win would give Federer 14 Grand Slams That would tie his career wins to American Pete Sampras Federer has a 9-0 record over the Swede going into the final Soderling topples favorite Rafael Nadal in a fourth-round stunner
CNN  -- The National Transportation Safety Board on Tuesday will launch three days of hearings into the circumstances surrounding the US Airways Flight 1549 emergency landing on New York 's Hudson River . In January , passengers of US Airways Flight 1549 had to be rescued out of the Hudson River after a bird strike . Looking into several issues from the January 15 incident -- from migratory birds to why a rear door opened after the landing -- the NTSB panel will hear testimony from key witnesses , including Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger , the pilot ; and Billy Campbell , the only passenger scheduled to testify . On Monday , the NTSB corrected remarks made by board member Robert Sumwalt , who was quoted by The Associated Press as saying Campbell was being called to contradict statements made by flight attendant Doreen Welsh , who has said a panicked passenger opened the rear door . The NTSB said Sumwalt , who will lead the three days of hearings , was mistaken and that Campbell 's written statement does not suggest Welsh opened the rear door . NTSB spokesman Peter Knudson said the board asked Campbell to testify because he had the most detailed statement of those people in the cabin at the time of the crash . "  Safety Board investigators interviewed 145 passengers , each of whom provided their own perspective on what happened , " the NTSB said Monday night . "  Some of the passenger reports conflicted with the accounts of other passengers , including accounts of how the rear door was opened . " "  What was consistently reported by those inside the plane was that the water entered the aft section of the cabin immediately while everyone was still seated , " the statement said , adding that the NTSB will focus on how the water gushing "  affected the ability of the passengers and the crew to evacuate the aircraft since two of the four slide-rafts were in the rear of the plane , on each of the rear doors , and they could not be used . " Sullenberger was the pilot in command during the flight , which lost power in both engines after hitting a flock of Canada geese . Bird detection , and standards for engines to handle bird strikes , are among subjects to be covered in the hearing . Other topics include pilot training for ditching and forced landings on water , and cabin-safety training , emergency procedures and equipment . CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	Hearing will cover several topics , including why rear door opened after landing US Airways Flight 1549 landed in the Hudson River on January 15 Plane lost power in both engines after hitting a flock of Canada geese
CNN  -- Embattled Calumet County , Wisconsin , District Attorney Ken Kratz has resigned amid a texting scandal , according to the office of Gov. Jim Doyle . Two weeks ago , at a news conference , Kratz apologized for sending personal texts to a domestic abuse victim while prosecuting her former boyfriend . At the time , he said he would n't step down from office . Wisconsin Department of Justice officials said some of Kratz 's texts "  cross the line and can be construed as sexual harassment . " They cited a specific text that refers to the woman as a "  tall , young , hot nymph , " and another that says , "  You are beautiful and would make a great partner someday . " E-mails from November 2009 between Kratz and the Wisconsin Department of Justice show Kratz denied wrongdoing for weeks before finally saying , "  My behavior was inappropriate . " Kratz also recently went on medical leave . In recent months , several local and state domestic violence organizations have called on Kratz to resign as district attorney . CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Antoinette Campbell contributed to this report .	Ken Kratz is under fire for texts he sent to a crime victim Earlier , Kratz said he was sorry but would not resign He was most recently on medical leave
CNN  -- The annual festival of conspiracy theorizing , belligerent fist-shaking and anxious masculinity known as the National Rifle Association convention came to Houston over the weekend , and it was everything the organizers hoped it would be . Tens of thousands of attendees perused 500 booths where you could look at guns , buy guns , learn about guns , talk about guns and maybe weep about guns , along with plenty of training courses to prepare you for the day when society breaks down and you finally get the chance to use that arsenal to defend your home against marauding gangs of cannibals . NRA has record conference turnout , new president One favorite was the trainer who advised people to keep a gun locked up in their kids ' room . Because what could possibly go wrong ? Oh yeah -- accidents . They could shoot each other , such as the 5-year-old who recently shot his 2-year-old sister , or the 13-year-old who shot his 6-year-old sister . This being an NRA gathering , there were media figures and politicians aplenty . Glenn Beck , fresh off suggesting that a man who shot himself last week at Houston airport 's was a part of a Reichstag fire-like conspiracy to pave the way for a fascist crackdown on Americans , gave the keynote address . Prominent politicians who appeared included Texas Gov. Rick Perry , former presidential candidate Rick Santorum , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas and Sarah Palin . They have something in common , beyond the fact that they 've all run for president before or might in 2016 . Like the NRA itself , they all camp out on the conservative fringe but are nevertheless convinced that they represent the mainstream . Perry , who calls Social Security "  a monstrous lie " and has flirted in the past with the idea that Texas should secede from the United States , thought that what Americans wanted in a president was Yosemite Sam without the intellectual pretensions . Turned out , not so much . Jindal recently suffered a political setback when he proposed cutting the  progressive  income tax and raising the  regressive  sales tax , I guess because poor people in Louisiana have just been having it too easy . Even his conservative state recoiled , and Jindal 's approval ratings plummeted . Cruz has cut a McCarthyite swath through Washington in his four months there , leading to rare agreement between Republicans and Democrats that he 's an enormous jerk . Naturally , he 's seriously considering a run for president in 2016 . And as for the former half-term governor of Alaska ? Well , you already know about her . All of them believe they represent the real America , and if the country just had a chance to hear their unvarnished views , they could win the White House with ease . That most real Americans find that idea either laughable or terrifying does n't seem to register with them . They 're right at home with the NRA , which just selected as its president a man who still refers to the Civil War as "  the war of Northern aggression , " and has such a twisted view of liberty that he believes the freedom to buy an AR-15 at a gun show without having to fill out a form is as important as freedom of speech or religion . Eighteen years ago , after a right-wing anti-government extremist bombed the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City , killing 168 men , women and children , NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre railed against the threat from "  jackbooted government thugs " in "  Nazi bucket helmets . " In response , former President George H.W. Bush wrote the group an outraged letter defending those who work for the government , including one Secret Service agent killed in Oklahoma City who had worked on Bush 's detail in the White House . "  He was no Nazi , " Bush wrote , and resigned his NRA life membership in disgust . In the time since , the NRA has become even more extreme , even more paranoid , even more ensconced in its self-reinforcing world in which guns are all that matter . There may be a few Republicans who now have the courage to stand up to them . But there are still plenty such as Perry , Cruz and Palin , who will troop to their convention and jump into their festering pool of anger and fear . They do n't seem to realize how it makes them smell . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Waldman .	Prominent conservatives gathered to support the NRA at its convention in Houston Paul Waldman : These politicians are on the fringe but believe they represent the mainstream He says the views of Rick Perry , Rick Santorum and Sarah Palin are not those of real America Waldman : There may be just a few Republicans who are brave enough to stand up to the NRA
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Janet Jackson would bang her head against a wall because she felt "  so unattractive , " the pop star told CNN 's Piers Morgan . Jackson , in an interview Tuesday on CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " talked about her struggles with weight and body image over the years , her relationship with her father and dealing with the passing of her brother Michael . "  There was a time when I was so down and felt so unattractive and it lasted for a very , very long time , " Jackson said , "  that I used to -- I used to bang my head against the wall . " The banging would be hard and "  the person that I was with , my ex-husband at the time , I mean , he 'd have to stop me , " she said . Jackson , 44 , is promoting her new book , "  True You , " which focuses on her lifelong self-image and self-esteem struggles . She did talk about her most famous brother , Michael Jackson , calling him "  very sweet , very gentle , incredibly smart , always about love . " "  He knew who he was , " she said . Morgan also talked to her about Joe Jackson , the father known for using stern discipline to keep his large family on a path toward entertainment stardom . The one time she called him "  Dad , " he corrected her . "  You call me Joseph , " she said her father told her . "  I 'm Joseph to you . " Jackson said she felt sad when she was younger that her relationship with her father was not closer , but it is a feeling that has passed . "  It would have been nice , " she said . "  I would go over to a friend 's house when mother would let me go , and I 'd see my friends , the relationship with their father , how they call him dad and sit all in their lap . " Janet Jackson sat near her father in court for several days last month when her family attended the preliminary hearing for Dr. Conrad Murray , who is charged in Michael Jackson 's death . Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Her former husband would have to stop her head banging , Jackson says Her father told her , "  I 'm Joseph to you , " she says Jackson is promoting a self-image book , "  True You "
CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama is showing "  arrogance " in the aftermath of a mission that killed terror leader Osama bin Laden , said former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf in an interview that aired on CNN Thursday night . Musharraf further called the May raid an "  act of war . " "  Certainly no country has a right to intrude into any other country , " Musharraf told Piers Morgan . "  If technically or legally you see it , it 's an act of war . " The American president said this week in an interview on British television that , if the opportunity arose , he would do the same thing again to take out al Qaeda terrorists . "  I think such arrogance should not be shown publicly to the world , " Musharraf said . "  I think it is arrogance that : ` We do n't care . We do n't care for your national opinion . We do n't care for your people . We will come in and do the same thing . ' This is arrogance . " Musharraf conceded that it was a "  terrible mishap , a terrible failure " that Pakistani intelligence did n't seem to know more about bin Laden 's whereabouts , saying they should have know he was living in a compound in Abbottabad , a short distance from a Pakistan military academy . A Navy SEAL team killed the al Qaeda leader during a 40-minute assault on the compound in the early morning hours of May 2 . Musharraf called bin Laden 's death "  absolutely illegal . " Asked by Morgan if it was an unlawful assassination , he responded : "  I do n't want to get involved in these legalities of the issue , " but "  technically , theoretically , I 'll agree . " CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report .	A Navy SEAL team kills Osama bin Laden during a raid in Pakistan on May 2 Musharraf says the raid violated Pakistan 's sovereignty and was an "  act of war " The former prime minister calls bin Laden 's death "  absolutely illegal " Pakistani intelligence commits a "  terrible failure " in not knowing where bin Laden was
Newtown , Connecticut  CNN  -- Attendance was taken at schools across this devastated town on Tuesday as most students returned to the classroom for the first time since the deadly school shooting . Not everyone was there . Sandy Hook Elementary students wo n't resume classes until January , and victims of last week 's massacre will never return . Jessica Rekos and James Mattioli , both 6 , were laid to rest Tuesday , while the families of Charlotte Bacon , 6 , Daniel Barden , 7 , and Victoria "  Vicki " Soto , 27 , held calling hours , or visitations , for their lost loved ones . The teacher and children were among the 27 people killed when gunman Adam Lanza shot his mother and then went to the Sandy Hook , indiscriminately opening fire on staff and young students . The rampage reignited a debate about guns in America and sent shock waves through a nation that has seen mass killings before -- but not like this . "  She had an answer for everything , she did n't miss a trick , and she outsmarted us every time . We called her our little CEO for the way she carefully thought out and planned everything , " the family of Jessica said about their little girl , who loved horses and asked Santa for a cowgirl hat this year . "  We can not imagine our life without her , " they said . James liked to remind everyone that he was 6 and three-quarters . "  He would often sing at the top of his lungs , and once asked , ` How old do I have to be to sing on a stage ? ' " his family wrote in an obituary . In an online posting about his funeral , the Mattioli family called James "  our beloved prince . " Across town , hearses could be seen traveling along roads with police escorts . Onlookers cried as they drove past . Remembering the victims For Sandy Hook students , no school until January Unlike students at other schools who returned Tuesday , Sandy Hook students are not expected to go back until January . Their school is a crime scene . The current plan is for them to resume classes next year at the former Chalk Hill Middle School , eight miles away in neighboring Monroe , Newtown Superintendent of Schools Janet Robinson said in a letter to parents . "  We need to tend to our teachers ' and students ' needs to feel comfortable after this trauma in this new place , " she wrote . Teachers may call parents "  to invite you to visit Chalk Hill with your child this week to walk around and see the classroom and get familiar with this new Sandy Hook home . " At other schools , students went back to class with their sense of normalcy shattered . They were met by police , counselors and teachers , who all face a tremendous burden . How do they explain to children what happened ? How do they help make them feel safe ? David Schonfeld , a crisis counselor who gave a presentation to Newtown teachers about how to talk to students , said they have to meet children where they are . "  I told them that as far as I was concerned , there was really only one lesson plan that they needed to teach before they broke for the  holidays  , and that was to make sure that the children knew that they were safe and that they cared about them and they were going to care for them , " he said . The teachers ' union said classes would discuss the tragedy in an age-appropriate manner . The gunman 's computer and grim new details Investigators have so far been unable to retrieve data from a computer taken from the home of the gunman , Adam Lanza , a law enforcement official said Tuesday . It appears Lanza smashed the computer , extensively damaging the hard drive , the official said , adding that the FBI is assisting Connecticut State Police in trying to retrieve data from the computer . Lanza 's mother was shot four times in the head while she slept in her bed , said Connecticut Chief Medical Examiner H. Wayne Carver , also Tuesday . Adam Lanza killed himself with a shot to the front of his head from a handgun , the medical examiner said . Toxicology tests are under way to determine whether Adam Lanza had taken medication . Growing debate over gun laws What happened in Newtown should never happen again , advocates on both sides of the gun-control debate agree . But they 're at staunch odds about how to turn words into reality . The National Rifle Association commented Tuesday for the first time since the shooting , saying it was shocked and heartbroken by what happened . The group is planning to hold a news conference on Friday . "  Out of respect for the families , and as a matter of common decency , we have given time for mourning , prayer and a full investigation of the facts before commenting , " it said . "  The NRA is prepared to offer meaningful contributions to help make sure this never happens again . " The grassroots group Newtown United sent a delegation to Washington to meet with the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence as well as families from July 's movie theater massacre in Aurora , Colorado . The new group , which formed out of Newtown on Sunday , aims to create meaningful dialogue -- both locally and beyond -- about what may have led to the tragedy . Until school shooting , 1 homicide in almost a decade The debate is playing out not just in Newtown and Washington , but across the United States . Two national polls conducted shortly after the Newtown massacre suggest that more Americans want stricter gun control . In a Washington Post/ABC News poll , 54 % of adults favor stricter gun control laws in the country , while 43 % oppose . And a new CBS News poll indicates that 57 % of Americans back stricter gun laws , the highest percentage in a decade ; 30 % think gun laws should be kept as they are . However , less than half of the respondents in the CBS poll -- 42 % -- think stricter gun laws would have helped prevent what happened at Sandy Hook Elementary . Sen. Joe Manchin , a conservative Democrat from West Virginia and a "  proud gun owner , " said he 's now committed to "  dialogue that would bring a total change " after the massacre in Newtown . "  Who would have ever thought , in America or anywhere in the world , that children would be slaughtered ? " he asked . "  It 's changed me . " John Licata told CNN 's iReport there needs to be better vetting before people buy guns , and assault weapons should be banned -- something Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , says she 'll propose once the new Congress convenes in January . But some say the shooting illustrates the need for more armed guards -- and possibly armed teachers -- in schools . Gun lobby has laid groundwork against any new laws Texas Gov. Rick Perry said that if school districts decide that arming teachers is the best way to keep schools safe , so be it . If Texas residents are duly background-checked , trained and have a concealed handgun license , "  you should be able to carry your handgun anywhere in the state , " Perry said , according to CNN affiliate WFAA . Out of respect for the Newtown victims and their families , Dick 's Sporting Goods has removed all guns from its store closest to Newtown , the company said . Dick 's , one of the largest sporting goods retailers in the world , also has suspended the sale of some semiautomatic rifles nationwide , the company said . It was unclear how long Dick 's will keep its suspension of "  modern sporting rifles . " Shedding new light on the gunman While Carver , the chief medical examiner , said he was told that Adam Lanza had Asperger 's syndrome , officials are working to determine whether that diagnosis was correct , and whether he may have had other diagnosable problems . A former director of security for Newtown Public Schools shed new light Monday night on the gunman . Richard Novia said Adam Lanza had Asperger 's syndrome , based on documents and conversations with Lanza 's mother . Novia said that as part of his job , which he left in 2008 , he would be informed of students who might pose problems to themselves or others . He also said he received "  intake information , " which he said "  is common for any students troubled or impaired or with disabilities . " The idea was to keep track of and help students who may need it . However , Novia said he never thought Lanza was a threat and certainly never thought he was capable of such violence . After shooting , cops take no-tolerance approach to copycat threats Russ Hanoman , a friend of Lanza 's mother , previously told CNN that Lanza had Asperger 's and that he was "  very withdrawn emotionally . " CNN has not been able to independently confirm whether Lanza was diagnosed with autism or Asperger 's , a higher-functioning form of autism . Both are developmental disorders , not mental illnesses . Many experts say neither Asperger 's syndrome nor autism can be blamed for the rampage . "  There is absolutely no evidence or any reliable research that suggests a linkage between autism and planned violence , " the Autism Society said in a statement . "  To imply or suggest that some linkage exists is wrong and is harmful to more than 1.5 million law-abiding , nonviolent and wonderful individuals who live with autism each day . " Dr. Max Wiznitzer , a pediatric neurologist and autism expert at Rainbow Babies and Children 's Hospital in Cleveland , also said the gunman 's actions ca n't be linked to autism spectrum disorders . "  Aggression and violence in the ASD population is reactive , not preplanned and deliberate , " he said . Gun control : ` This one feels different ' CNN 's Susan Candiotti reported from Newtown ; Dana Ford reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Holly Yan , Greg Botelho , Sandra Endo , Josh Levs , Miriam Falco , Wayne Drash , Carol Cratty , Paul Steinhauser and David Williams contributed to this report .	6-year-olds Jessica Rekos and James Mattioli are laid to rest School wo n't start for Sandy Hook children until January The NRA says it is "  prepared to offer meaningful contributions " Investigators are so far unable to retrieve data from a computer taken from the gunman 's home
CNN  -- Power returned slowly to Venezuela on Tuesday night , a few hours after widespread outages blacked out nearly half the country , trapping people in elevators , stalling subways , filling streets with pedestrians and forcing hospitals to switch to emergency generators . The streets of Caracas , Venezuela , are thronged with people during Tuesday 's power outage . "  We understand that at 1600 hours -- that is to say at 4 p.m.  4:30 p.m. ET  -- there was a blackout on a national level that was produced by an explosion , which is being investigated " in the Guri hydroelectric power station , Caracas Mayor Juan Barreto said . "  That produced a blackout in 16 states of the country , particularly those of the central north coastal area . " The city 's emergency plan kicked in , and about 400 firefighters in training had reported for duty to help , he said . City firefighters had gone to 37 buildings in the capital to free people from elevators . The head of the country 's electric authority , Hipolito Izquierdo , told state-run Venezuelan Television that 60 percent of the power had been restored by 7 p.m. local time  7:30 p.m. ET  and predicted that power would be fully restored before 9:30 p.m.  10 p.m. ET  . "  We are now recovering , " he said . Minister of Interior and Justice Ramon Rodriguez Chacin blamed a fault in a generator at the plant in Guri , which caused a high-voltage power transmission line to overheat . In taking the line out of service , power was disrupted to other areas , he said . In all , about 40 percent of the country was blacked out , officials said . Affected zones included parts of the capital city of Caracas -- where streetlights were dark -- and the states of Zulia , Lara , Carabobo , Yaracuy , Portuguesa , Miranda , Falcon , Merida , Aragua , Bolivar and Tachira , the station said . Gustavo Gonzalez , the president of Caracas Metro , the city 's rapid-transit system , said it was functioning normally . But a ticket seller at one station said train service had been halted and riders were being diverted to buses . "  Normally , these blackouts do n't occur very often , " said Javier Alvarado , president of Caracas Electricity . E-mail to a friend	NEW : 60 percent of power restored by 7 p.m. local time , official says Caracas mayor says explosion at power station is being investigated Power went out across much of the country about 4 p.m. local time  4:30 p.m. ET High temperatures cited as a contributing factor in the outages
VAVUNIYA , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- After visiting a displacement camp in Sri Lanka on Saturday and flying over the site of the last battle in the country 's recently ended civil war , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called the sites "  appalling . " Internally displaced Sri Lankan watch through barbed wire during a visit by the U.N. secretary-general . "  I have traveled around the world and visited similar places , but this is by far the most appalling scenes I have seen , " Ban told CNN . "  I sympathize fully with all of the displaced persons . " Ban called for better humanitarian aid after interviewing some of the people regarding shortages of water and medicine . Ban toured Manik Farm , a sprawling camp for internally displaced people in the country 's north , days after Sri Lanka declared victory in a 25-year civil war against the Tamil Tigers rebels . About 250,000 to 300,000 people are refugees in the country , according to humanitarian groups and U.N. figures . Some in the camp have experienced fierce fighting in recent months , saying they did not believe at points that they were going to survive . "  I have seen the complete devastation here , and there must have been in the crossfire many civilian casualties . There simply must have been , " Ban told CNN 's Sara Sidner . The Sri Lankan government has said it does n't believe many civilians were injured or killed in the fighting . While the war 's end elicited celebrations in some parts of the country , humanitarian groups and the United Nations worry over those uprooted by the fighting . Ban arrived in the South Asian island nation Friday , saying he came to offer help and partnership . "  I hope my visit today can help begin a process of national recovery , renewal and reconciliation for all Sri Lankans , " Ban said in a written statement issued Friday . "  That is why I am here . " Ban met with Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa and asked that humanitarian organizations be given unrestricted access to provide more aid to the displaced . The president seemed open to the idea , Ban said . Ban said earlier he would urge the government to expedite the screening and processing of refugees and ensure that displaced camps have adequate supplies of food , medicine and water . CNN 's Sara Sidner contributed to this story .	NEW : Ban Ki-moon says camp contains "  the most appalling scenes I have seen " NEW : Ban asks president to grant unrestricted access to humanitarian agencies About 250,000 to 300,000 people are refugees in the country , aid agencies say Sri Lankan government has declared victory in the country 's 25-year civil war
London , England  CNN  -- Metropolitan police in London , England , appealed Monday for further information about last month 's death of a man who worked for a British intelligence agency and whose naked body was found in a padlocked duffel bag in his bathroom . Police also released surveillance camera images of Gareth Williams taken August 15 , about a week before officials discovered his body on August 23 . In addition , police said they would like help identifying "  a man and a woman , both of Mediterranean appearance , " between the ages of 20 and 30 and who were seen entering Wiliams ' apartment building late one evening in June or July . "  This remains a complex unexplained death enquiry , " Det. Chief Inspector Jacqueline Sebire said in a statement Monday . Williams worked at Government Communications Headquarters  GCHQ  , Britain 's intelligence agency for monitoring communication and keeping government data secret , the agency told CNN . He was widely reported to have been on loan to MI6 , the foreign intelligence service , in London . The crime scene did not seem to reveal much information . "  There was no sign of any forced entry to the property , and no signs of disturbance inside , " police said , adding that robbery did not appear to be a motive . "  We do not believe there is any property missing from the flat , " the police statement said . "  There is no suggestion the items within the flat were specifically posed . No drugs , or indications of drug usage were recovered . " An August 25 autopsy "  established no obvious cause of death , " police said . "  Extensive forensic tests at the flat in Alderney Street and from the samples taken at the post mortem continue , " police said . "  Initial indications from the toxicology examinations show no trace of any alcohol or routine or recreational drugs . Testing for any other substance continues . " Police believe Williams was last seen alive on August 15 , when surveillance cameras show him shopping in the West End and Knightsbridge areas of London . He had returned August 11 from a trip to the United States , police said Monday .	His naked body was found stuffed inside a locked bag in his bathroom Victim Gareth Williams was on loan to MI6 , the foreign intelligence service , reports say Surveillance video shows him shopping on August 15 , about a week before his body was discovered Police say they found no sign of forced entry or robbery
Abuja , Nigeria  CNN  -- An explosion near a bus station left five people dead and 12 others injured in northern Nigeria , police said Thursday morning . The blast occurred in Azare town in Bauchi state on Wednesday night . A man left a bag filled with explosives outside a bus station in the town , which went off , witnesses said . "  We are investigating the matter and we 'll get the culprits behind it , " said Mohammed Haruna , a spokesman for the state police . "  It 's premature to comment on whether Boko Haram are behind the attack . " Azare is the second-largest town in the state . Boko Haram militants have attacked the town several times , especially in 2011 and 2012 . The militant group , which aims to institute Sharia law , has targeted northern areas including Yobe , Kano , Bauchi , Borno and Kaduna . Aminu Abubakr contributed from Bauchi and Lillian Leposo from Abuja	The blast occurred in Azare town in Bauchi state Police : It 's too early to tell whether Boko Haram militants are behind it
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Barack Obama 's presidential transition , already disrupted by the sudden withdrawal of New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson , may face another challenge in the confirmation hearings of his pick for attorney general . Eric Holder likely will face a grueling round of questions from Republicans during his confirmation hearings . While the Senate is expected to easily confirm the majority of the president-elect 's Cabinet appointments , it increasingly appears that attorney general designate Eric Holder could face a grueling round of questions next week from Senate Republicans who are already emboldened by charges of "  pay-to-play " politics against Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich and a federal investigation into Richardson , who Obama picked as his commerce secretary . "  Republicans are seeing enough different stories in the taints of possible corruption around Democratic politicians lately , " said Alexander Keyssar , a professor of history and social policy at the Harvard University Kennedy School of Government . "  Where they can score some political points around this corruption issue , they will try to do it . " Holder has drawn heavy criticism from Republicans over his involvement in former President Bill Clinton 's last-minute pardon of Mark Rich , a major Democratic donor and billionaire financier charged with federal tax evasion . Clinton pardoned Rich in the final hours of his administration on January 20 , 2001 . Holder was a deputy attorney general at the time . Senate Democrats have long braced for a tough committee hearing over Holder , especially after Republicans successfully delayed its start to obtain more time to review his lengthy record in both the public and private sector . But after Pennsylvania Sen. Arlen Specter , the judiciary committee 's ranking Republican , unexpectedly took to the Senate floor Tuesday to castigate Holder over a wide range of issues -- even comparing him to Attorney General Alberto Gonzales who was forced to resign -- Democrats may have to brace for a tougher fight than they expected . "  President-elect Obama chose not to seek my advice or even to give me advance notice in my capacity as ranking Republican on the Judiciary Committee , " Specter said . "  Had he done so , I could have given him some facts about Mr. Holder 's background that he might not have known . " Stephen Hess , a presidential scholar at the Brookings Institution , said it 's not surprising Republicans are targeting a particular appointment . "  There always seems to be one appointee where the Senate opposition directs its firepower , " Hess said . "  This year the designated fall guy seems to be Eric Holder . He 's going to be made to grovel . " Holder played a significant role in the heavily criticized Rich pardon , having communicated with Rich 's lawyers frequently before it was issued , according to the New York Times . Critics have charged that the Justice Department should have blocked the pardon , and Holder later said he wished he had handled the matter differently . Supporters of Holder say his role in the pardon was limited , but Senate Republicans , seemingly eager for at least one high-profile fight with the incoming president , are set to put the Rich pardon front-and-center when his Judiciary Committee hearing kicks off next week . For a Republican Party still reeling from a demoralizing Election Day , Holder 's hearing will likely be the GOP 's first chance to put heat on the president-elect in a very public way , and in the process demonstrate that it intends to stand up to the new administration despite its minority status . "  With Holder they are going to look to score some points on the evening news , " Keyssar said . But the Rich matter is only one issue on which Republicans plan to grill Holder . Also at issue , according to Republicans , will be Holder 's involvement with the Elian Gonzalez case and potential conflicts of interests with his work over the past eight years with a corporate law firm . "  There are going to be some tough questions that Holder will have to answer , " a Senate Republican aide said . "  We want to have a fair , open discussion for his qualifications for the job . " Republicans say they are not specifically looking to block Holder 's nomination , and the GOP would be unable to do so even if it tried given the Democrats ' overwhelming majority in the Senate . "  We do n't want to be obstructionist . It 's not a partisan thing , it 's about examining his qualifications to be No. 1 at Justice , " the Republican aide said . Still , the opposition party often claims victory when it mounts a sizeable resistance to a particular nominee , as 42 Democrats did in 2001 to President Bush 's first attorney general , John Ashcroft . But Obama can ultimately take solace in the fact that a new president 's Cabinet appointments are rarely held up in the Senate , no matter which party controls the chamber . According to the U.S. Senate Web site , the Senate has confirmed 98 percent of all Cabinet appointments since 1798 . In fact , the Senate has n't rejected any cabinet pick for nearly 20 years . It last rejected John Tower , former President George H.W. Bush 's pick for defense secretary , in 1989 . Republicans also know that at a time when Americans expect Congress to confront the country 's ongoing financial crisis and recent flare-ups abroad , it might be in their interest not to delay confirmation of several important posts or appear overly partisan when it comes to confirming the majority of the president-elect 's appointments . "  When these things get bad , it delays the whole process , " Hess said . "  By the time the person finally gets the person he wants it 's March . Republicans do n't want this to happen . "	Confirmation hearings for attorney general-designate Eric Holder begin next week Republicans criticize Holder for his role in Clinton pardon of Marc Rich in 2001 GOP unlikely to block Holder from becoming Obama 's attorney general
CNN  For most of her life , Kimberly Jensen has spent Valentine 's Day alone . But on Saturday she will be cuddling up to a complete stranger . The 47-year-old , who is perpetually single , is one of more than 100 people attending Cuddle Con , which bills itself as the world 's first ever cuddle convention in Portland , Oregon . "  I hated Valentine 's Day , and now I am looking forward to it . I am hoping to cuddle non-stop , " Jensen said . The 12-hour convention , which is strictly platonic and nonsexual , was created by professional cuddler Samantha Hess . She is also the founder of Cuddle Me Up , a business that provides platonic touch for clients through cuddling sessions . Hess ' idea to start a cuddling business materialized back in January 2013 . She came across a photo on Facebook of a man offering free hugs , and a newly divorced Hess thought to herself that she would definitely pay someone for a hug right at that moment . "  Just because I do n't have someone in my life does n't mean I do n't deserve affection and touch , " she said . The thought of cuddling a stranger on Valentine 's Day might seem creepy , but Hess said the problem lies with people 's perception . "  In our culture , cuddling is connected with romantic relationships . Platonic touch is such a taboo thing , " she said . "  There are a lot of moms who give a lot of touch , but they never really take . So they come into  my business  and get touch from me . " Amy Muise , a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Toronto , co-authored a study on the effects of cuddling in a relationship after sex . She said there is research to suggest that cuddling , which is commonly associated with romantic relationships , can also be found in platonic relationships as well . "  It was n't always a sexual thing , " Muise said . Touch is a way for people to feel closer to one another , she said . "  People have a need to belong and connect to others and affection is one way we may do this . " One reason platonic touch in a professional setting can be appealing to some is because it can be less intimidating than a romantic encounter , Muise said . "  There are fewer risks of rejection . " The idea of being hugged and not judged pulled Jensen in . She was experiencing feelings of unworthiness and loneliness when she entered Hess ' Portland storefront more than a year ago . The math tutor drove an hour from her home in Salem to find out what platonic cuddling meant . After her first session with Hess , Jensen felt like she was on a runner 's high . "  After I see her , I am pretty high for a couple of days . I am seriously addicted to it , " Jensen said . "  I think about if I have a ding in my car and I have a $ 500 deductible , that $ 500 could give me 500 minutes of cuddling . " The hour-long cuddle sessions she has with Hess once a week have boosted Jensen 's confidence . She 's more open about wanting affection now . She routinely requests hugs from her family and friends and even cuddles with her sister . Jensen thinks the Cuddle Con is the perfect way to introduce the benefits of touch not only to those who are single , but to people in relationships . "  There are couples out there where one person is more affectionate than the other . Maybe if they can bring their partner to the convention to show them cuddling is normal , " Jensen said . Hess sees 2015 as the year of the cuddle and hopes people will start to see the positives of platonic touch . "  I think we all struggle with the concept of being good enough , " Hess said . "  People think ' I have to lose 50 pounds so I can start dating . ' No you do n't , you are good enough right now . "	Cuddle Con happens on Valentine 's Day The convention aims to promote platonic cuddling in a positive light Platonic touch between friends and partners can promote healthier relationships
Za'atari refugee camp , Jordan  CNN  -- I 've spent the past week working in the Za'atari refugee camp in northern Jordan , about six miles from the Syrian border . The camp was opened less than a month ago to receive Syrians fleeing the violence in their country . Built on a barren desert plain without a tree or shrub in sight , it can seem an unwelcoming place to arrive , even for a refugee . Dust storms and scorching heat have taken their toll on refugees and aid workers here . But given that less than 4 % of Jordanian land is arable the terrain is not a surprise . Over 20,000 Syrian refugees have moved into Za'atari camp already , and the pace of new arrivals to the camp has more than doubled , with more than 14,000 arriving in the past week alone . Yesterday , we received over 3,000 new arrivals overnight , up from an average of 600 per day just last week . The refugee flow to Jordan has a direct correlation with the situation inside Syria . As fighting has escalated around Syria 's southern city of Dara'a , where the uprising began almost 18 months ago , the number of refugees here is increasing dramatically . We are all bracing for a potentially massive influx in the coming days . Yesterday , I met many newly-arrived refugees , some just children , who told me how had they witnessed family members and neighbors being killed in Syria . One 7-year old girl told me she saw her neighbor 's throat cut in front of her . Her family fled in the dark of night , walking several hours before they could cross into Jordan . Like every refugee I have met here , they were n't able to bring any belongings -- they came with only the clothes on their backs . Humanitarian aid organizations and UN agencies have been working around the clock to accommodate the sudden increase in new arrivals of refugees , while also working to improve the conditions . But the camp is growing exponentially and it is hard to keep up . I met with camp manager Mahmoud Amoush of the Jordan Hashemite Charity Organization yesterday -- he told me , "  We need more of everything . " More tents , improved water systems , more safe spaces and playgrounds for children and psycho-social counseling for children who have been traumatized are all top priorities . I have spoken with many mothers here , and most report that their children have terrible nightmares and are not behaving normally -- either they are being very aggressive and misbehaving , or they are silent and afraid , running and hiding at any loud noise . Wasfeyah , a refugee mother of five children , told me that when her family was trying to escape to Jordan , they were shot at and her eldest son , Ali , was hit in the head by a bullet . The blood from his wound sprayed on his younger brother who is just 6-years old . Ali survived and they made it across the border , but his little brother often wakes up screaming "  there is blood on my shirt . " Wasfeyah does n't have any money to buy new clothes , so the little boy still wears the blood-stained shirt from that night . Nearly half of the camps ' residents are children , and there is next to nothing for children to do here . Providing an outlet for kids who have been through unimaginable , violent events and left everything they know behind is critical to helping them recover and just be kids . We have built one playground and another is almost completed . There are also child-friendly spaces that offer activities to kids . They are hard to miss in the camp -- just follow the unexpected sound of laughter and you will find swarms of kids singing , swinging , sliding and occasionally arguing over who 's turn it is . More playgrounds and child-friendly spaces are being planned as the camp population grows . Improvements to the camp continue despite the massive amount of work going into accommodating new arrivals . The quality of the food has been a major complaint from many refugees in the camps . Currently , they receive hot , pre-cooked meals that are distributed throughout the camp , but now communal kitchens are being built so families can cook for themselves . Electricity is now installed in 40 per cent of the camp , making life a bit easier . Charging mobile phones seems to be the primary use so far , based on what I have seen in the tents I visit . Dust and sand storms are one of the greatest challenges of living in the camps . It is not just a discomfort , but it has become a health issue and camp doctors report that they are seeing many cases of respiratory problems , especially in infants and small children , due to the dust . Many days it is hard to see more than a few meters in front of you in the camp , as the air is thick with sand and debris that is carried by the strong winds that blow through the barren camp . One mother told me , "  not even a camel could live in this place , it is so hot and dusty . " The camp has been bringing in tons of gravel that is being spread on the ground to help alleviate the problem . Water is one of the most pressing long-term issue that faces the refugees , as well as the local Jordanian communities . Jordan has inadequate fresh water supplies for its own population , and the refugee community is putting increased demands on an already short supply . Water is currently being trucked into the camps from local wells in the community , but Mercy Corps will be drilling a new well and developing a water system with other organizations that will serve the camp , and alleviate the need to take scarce water from the host community . The work ahead , to provide all the desperately needed services for the refugees is daunting , but it is under way . Each day I am in the camp I see progress being made , even as we struggle to meet the pressing needs of all the new arrivals . No one knows how long the camp will be here and when the Syrian refugees will be able to go home . Many anticipate it will be a long haul , but all of us , especially the Syrians here , are hopeful they can return soon . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cassandra Nelson .	Za'atari refugee camp in northern Jordan is home to more than 20,000 Syrian refugees Hundreds more arrive every day , on foot , with just the clothes they are wearing The refugees are putting pressure on already scarce water resources in the region As the situation in Syria escalates , many fear they will be in the camp for some time
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sasha and Malia Obama had front row seats for Monday night 's Kids ' Inaugural Concert , but jumped on stage when the Jonas Brothers invited them up . Michelle Obama and her daughters pose with actress Keke Palmer at the Kids ' Inaugural . Their mother -- incoming first lady Michelle Obama -- declared the show "  pretty cool . " Thousands of kids -- mostly children of military families -- danced and yelled in Washington 's Verizon Center as Miley Cyrus , Demi Lovato , Bow Wow , the Jonas Brothers and others performed . "  Are we fired up in here ? " Michelle Obama asked as she took the stage halfway through the two-hour show . "  Are we ready to go ? " Obama called on the young people to play a part in their country 's future now , in activities such as volunteering at shelters for the homeless , visiting elderly neighbors or writing letters of support to troops overseas . "  We all have something incredible to contribute to the life of this nation , " she said , adding , "  And kids , this means you , too , right ? " Sasha , 7 , kept her camera ready , getting photos of her favorite teen stars . While the Obama daughters have met many of the stars along the campaign trail in the past year , it was their first time to meet singer-actress Keke Palmer , a presenter at the show . Palmer , 15 , said Michelle Obama told her "  she was really proud of me . " Most of their backstage talk was about Palmer 's movies and TV show , she said . Like the Obamas , Palmer is a Chicago , Illinois , native .	NEW : At concert , Michelle Obama urges young people to get involved now Concert features the Jonas Brothers , Miley Cyrus , Bow Wow and Demi Lovato Billy Ray Cyrus , Keke Palmer and Usher make introductions Did you miss the show ? It 's available later on Disney.com
CNN  -- A teenager is being held on 19 counts of animal cruelty linked to a month-long killing spree of pet cats in the Miami area , police said . Tyler Hayes Weinman , 18 , was charged with 19 counts of animal cruelty in Miami , Florida , on Monday . Tyler Hayes Weinman , 18 , also is charged with 19 counts of improper disposal of dead animals and four counts of burglary , police said . Weinman lives in Cutler Bay and has lived with his parents in Palmetto Bay , the two towns where police said 19 cats were mutilated and killed . Pet owners and police began discovering disfigured cats May 13 . One pet owner , Donna Gleason , said her family cat , Tommy , was "  partially skinned " and left dead in her yard . Police said 34 cats have been found dead in the towns , but only 19 mutilated cats could be linked to a serial killer . Police confirmed that some of the cats were killed by dogs , said Maj. Julie Miller of Cutler Bay police . Weinman , who works odd jobs but spends most of his time at home and unemployed , had been a person of interest for several weeks , Miller said . He was arrested Saturday . Watch the teen suspect 's first court appearance " The police are looking into whether any people Weinman associates with might have been accomplices in the killings . Weinman 's sealed juvenile record includes two prior offenses , Miller said . He could face a maximum of 158 years in state prison if convicted on all counts , said Terry Shavez , spokeswoman for the state attorney 's office . The mayor of Cutler Bay referred to the string of feline attacks as a "  plague in South Miami-Dade . " "  The cruelty of these crimes were horrific for the animal victims , but there were many human victims as well , " Mayor Paul Vrooman said . "  Let 's not forget the children and the families who found their pets mutilated . These awful scenes inflicted a human toll . "	Tyler Hayes Weinman charged with 19 counts of animal cruelty Teen lived in areas where pet cats were found dead , mutilated Pet owners began making gruesome discoveries May 13 Police say Weinman had been person of interest for several weeks
Health.com  -- Women run a lower risk of having babies with certain birth defects if they eat a diet rich in fruits , vegetables , and whole grains during their childbearing years , a new study suggests . Women who followed healthy Mediterranean-style diets in the year before pregnancy were up to one-half as likely as those who ate diets high in meat , fat , and sugar to have a baby with anencephaly , a neural-tube defect that blocks the development of the brain and tends to result in miscarriage . Compared with fat - and sugar-heavy diets , healthier diets -- which included plenty of folate , iron , and calcium -- were also associated with up to a one-third lower risk of cleft lip , a one-quarter lower risk of cleft palate , and a one-fifth lower risk of spina bifida , another neural-tube defect . "  Diet quality matters , and it was protective , " says Suzan L. Carmichael , Ph.D. , the lead author of the study and an associate professor of pediatrics at the Stanford School of Medicine , in Palo Alto , California . Health.com : Feed the Belly : Recipes for a healthy pregnancy The defects covered in the study are very rare overall , occurring in less than 0.1 % of all births . They have become less common since the 1990s , when government health officials led a campaign to increase folic-acid intake among pregnant women through supplements and fortified grain products . Deficiencies in folic acid -- the synthetic form of folate , a B vitamin -- have been linked to both neural-tube defects and cleft lip and palate . Carmichael and her colleagues took into account whether the women in the study were taking folic acid , which suggests that a healthy diet provides protection against birth defects over and above that provided by folic acid . Women of childbearing age should , however , still take folic-acid supplements , says Gail Harrison , Ph.D. , a professor of community health services at the UCLA School of Public Health , in Los Angeles . "  Folic acid has made a difference , " says Harrison , who was not involved in the study . "  In countries that have used fortification levels higher than the U.S. , it has made an even bigger impact . " Health.com : How to soothe heartburn during pregnancy Most research on diet and birth defects has focused on single nutrients , such as vitamins A and B12  in addition to folate  . Carmichael and her colleagues took a different approach by looking at overall diet quality -- a method that has become common in cancer and heart-disease research . The government-funded study , which appears this week in the Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine , compared the diets of 3,824 mothers whose children experienced birth defects with those of 6,807 mothers of healthy children . The researchers collected detailed questionnaires about the women 's diets in the year before they became pregnant , and used that data to score their diet quality on two indexes , one modeled on the U.S. Department of Agriculture dietary guidelines and another based on the Mediterranean diet . Both indexes considered fruits , vegetables , whole grains , and "  good " fats to be healthy , and saturated fats and sweets to be unhealthy . Health.com : Good fats , bad fats : how to choose Across the board , women with the healthiest diets were far less likely to have had children with birth defects than the women with the poorest-quality diets . High scores on both indexes were associated with a reduced risk of defects , although the association was stronger for the USDA score . Seventy-eight percent of the women took supplements containing folic acid during early pregnancy , but higher-quality diets were protective regardless of whether the women took folic acid . The study authors and other experts strongly recommend that pregnant women continue taking folic-acid supplements . But the study does raise the general question of whether "  eating the right foods " can provide health benefits that supplements do not , says David R. Jacobs Jr. , Ph.D. , a professor of public health at the University of Minnesota , in Minneapolis . Health.com : Diabetes ? 7 tips for a healthy pregnancy "  We have evolved to eat food . We have not evolved to eat supplements , " says Jacobs , who cowrote an editorial accompanying the study . "  If you would like to be healthy , the better way to do that is by getting what you need from food rather than isolated compounds . " Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Women who eat fruits , vegetables and whole grains run a lower risk of having babies with certain birth defects Mediterranean-style diets lower a woman 's risk of having a baby with a neural-tube defect Deficiencies in folic acid have been linked to both neural-tube defects and cleft lip and palate
Beijing  CNN  -- A Chinese court on Monday suspended the death sentence of Gu Kailai , the wife of a disgraced Communist Party leader , after finding her guilty of murder in the death of a British businessman , a court official said . Gu 's death penalty has been suspended for two years due to her weakened mental capacity while committing the crime and her close cooperation with police during the investigation , according to Tang Yigan , deputy chief of Hefei Intermediate People 's Court . "  I think this verdict is fair . It fully reflects the court 's respect for law , reality and especially human life , " Gu said in video from Monday 's court session shown on state-run CCTV . Her sentence is likely be commuted to life imprisonment , if she does n't commit any crimes during the two-year reprieve , as is customary in the Chinese legal system . Her punishment could be even further reduced for good behavior . She was jailed immediately following the verdict . Four police officers also were convicted of covering up the murder and received prison sentences ranging from five to eleven years , Tang said . Gu and a former household aide went on trial August 9 on charges of poisoning 41-year-old Neil Heywood . Murder trial at heart of Chinese political scandal Near the end of that day 's court proceedings , she said according to state-run news agency Xinhua that she "  accepted all the facts written in the indictment " -- including poisoning the Brit at a time when she thought her son 's life was in danger . At the time of Heywood 's death last November , Gu 's husband Bo Xilai was the head of the Communist party in the bustling southwestern city of Chongqing and an influential and controversial member of the Communist Party 's politburo , the elite group of 25 men who run China . He is now awaiting his own fate after being stripped of his political office earlier this year due to an unspecified "  serious breach of party regulations . " Gu Kailai , the woman who had it all Gu 's aide , Zhang Xiaojun , also was found guilty Monday in Heywood 's death and sentenced to nine years in prison , Tang said . The British Embassy in Beijing welcomed the Chinese investigation and the verdict . "  We consistently made clear to the Chinese authorities that we wanted to see the trials in this case conform to international human rights standards and for the death penalty not to be applied , " said John Gallagher , an embassy spokesman . "  Our thoughts are with Mr. Heywood 's family during this distressing time . Consular officials have attended the trial to fulfill our consular responsibilities to the family and our focus remains on offering them all the support we can . " Neither Gu nor Zhang will appeal their verdicts , according to the court . The verdicts were announced at the Hefei Intermediate People 's Court in the eastern Chinese city where the trial occurred but about 1,250 kilometers  775 miles  east of the scene of the crime . The guilty verdicts were widely expected , as a U.S. State Department report noted -- citing the Chinese Supreme People 's Court -- that Chinese prosecutors had a 99.9 % conviction rate in 2010 in that nation 's first and second levels of criminal courts . Chinese authorities had previously said that Gu and her son had "  conflicts " with Heywood "  over economic interests " and that she was motivated to kill the Briton because of fears for the safety of her son , Bo Guagua . Bo declined to comment on his mother 's confession or "  any details pertaining to the case . " However , the day before the trial he told CNN he 'd submitted a witness statement to her defense team . Prosecutors claimed Gu had invited Heywood to Chongqing -- the bustling southwestern Chinese city where her husband Bo was then Communist Party chief -- from Beijing . The two drank alcohol and tea in a hotel room , after which the British businessman got drunk and began vomiting , a prosecutor said . When Heywood asked for water , Gu asked Zhang , who 'd been waiting outside , to come into the room . It was then that Gu got cyanide from Zhang and , after her aide carried Heywood to the bed , poured the poison into the Briton 's mouth , according to the prosecutor . Gu then scattered capsules containing narcotics on the floor to make it seem like Heywood was using drugs , the prosecution said . She put a "  Do not disturb " sign on Heywood 's hotel room door and told hotel staff not to bother him , a hotel employee said . He was found dead on November 15 , 2011 , in the hotel room . Speaking at the end of court proceedings , Gu referred to her worries about her son . "  During those days last November , I suffered a mental breakdown after learning my son was in jeopardy , " Gu , 53 , said then . "  The tragedy , which was created by me , was not only extended to Neil , but also to several families . " Her alleged co-conspirator , Zhang , likewise admitted to a part in the crime and said he wanted to say "  sorry " to the victim 's family . "  I hope the court can give me a chance to take a new lease on life , " Zhang said in the court in the eastern city of Hefei , according to Xinhua . "  I really know that I did wrong . " The verdict was announced as the future of Gu 's husband , once a rising star in Chinese politics , remains in limbo . Bo , 63 , had been widely expected to get into the Politburo 's nine-member standing committee -- the country 's supreme decision-making body -- later this year , when the Communist Party convenes for its once-in-a-decade leadership change . In the sprawling riverside megalopolis of Chongqing , the charismatic and urbane politician Bo launched a "  smash black , sing red " campaign that promoted Chinese communist culture as zealously as it cracked down on organized crime . His economic policies , which included millions spent on social housing -- garnered him rock star status in Chongqing -- a fact that did not go down well with other members of the party hierarchy . His populist policies and high-profile personal style were seen as a challenge to the economically liberal and reform-oriented faction within the Chinese Communist Party . Bo 's world eventually came crashing down earlier this year when Wang Lijun , his handpicked former police chief , tried to defect to the U.S. consulate in the neighboring Sichuan city of Chengdu , triggering a political crisis that rocked the leadership in Beijing . Premier Wen Jiabao obliquely reprimanded Chongqing 's leadership over the Wang incident during his annual press conference on March 14 . Wen also referred to the damage wrought by the Cultural Revolution -- a reference that alluded to Bo 's red revival in Chongqing -- and said that the city 's stellar economic performance had been the fruits of several administrations and not just Bo 's work alone . The following day , Xinhua announced that Bo had been dismissed as Chongqing party chief and , almost a month later , he was suspended from the Communist party 's Central Committee and its Politburo ahead of an investigation . He has not been seen in public since .	Four police officers are convicted of covering up the death Gu Kailai 's death sentence is likely to be commuted after two years A court sentences the wife of an ex-Communist leader to death but suspends sentence They were tried in the fatal poisoning of British businessman Neil Heywood
CNN  -- So many tyrants to resist , so many heroes to support , but the Nobel Committee decided to ignore all of that and grant the Nobel Peace Prize this year to a large bureaucratic political alliance , the European Union . The committee passed up a chance to give a tangible boost to and put the valuable global spotlight on an individual , a cause or an organization that could really benefit from the award . What a sadly missed opportunity . Peace Prize is a slap on the back for a struggling European Union Malala Yousafzai , the 14-year-old Pakistani girl shot by the Taliban for advocating girls ' right to an education , is precisely the kind of person who should have inspired those making the selection . There 's only one Malala , but there are countless people around the world doing heroic work every day , many risking their lives to end tyranny , hunger and illiteracy . I have nothing against the EU . It has accomplished important things , and the Norwegians who award the Peace Prize surely wanted to give it recognition during a time of economic turmoil and political tension in Europe . Still , the Norwegian Nobel Committee wasted the moment . We are living through a time when competing forces are fighting for radically different visions of the future . Activists for democracy , for women 's rights , for religious tolerance have faced off against state security forces , religious extremists and brutal misogynists . Zealous prosecutors , loyal to authoritarian regimes , have imprisoned artists , executed homosexuals and tortured democracy activists . Those permitted to nominate candidates gave the panel ideas , a dazzling collection of extraordinary organizations and individuals . The list will remain secret for half a century , but that did n't keep people from speculating about who might win . The favorites included Sima Samar , a doctor and human rights activist who served as Afghanistan 's women 's affairs minister until she was forced out with death threats for challenging laws that oppress women . There 's Maggie Gobran , a Coptic nun in Egypt whose Stephen 's Children charity helps Christian children living in Cairo 's slums . In Nigeria , where clashes between Christians and Muslims have left hundreds dead and threaten to tear up the country , Archbishop John Onaiyekan and Sultan Sa'ad Abubakar are fighting for reconciliation . In Cuba , blogger Yoani Sanchez struggles for democratic reform in and out of jail , as do other dissidents languish in prison . In Russia , where journalists who criticize the government turn up dead much too frequently , the number of courageous writers and artists standing up for reform includes many courageous figures . The list goes on and on . And , in case anyone doubts just what a difference the Nobel Peace Prize can make , consider some of the inspired choices the Norwegian panel has made . The military junta ruling Burma , which renamed the country Myanmar , had locked up pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi , whose party , the National League for Democracy , won the 1990 election . When she was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 , her cause -- the plight of the Burmese people -- became the world 's struggle . She was not allowed to travel to Oslo for the awards ceremony . But the Burmese people discovered that they were not alone . After many years , including more than a decade of house arrest , she was set free in 2010 . She traveled to Oslo to receive the prize in person , and now it looks as though Burma stands at the threshold of freedom . The Peace Prize of 1975 drew attention to the work of Soviet dissident Andrei Sakharov , the physicist who became , in the committee 's words , "  a spokesman for the conscience of mankind . " He spent years in exile in Siberia , but his work helped forge the nuclear test ban and international cooperation . The award became a megaphone for his ideals . In the past , the Nobel committee has proved daring and controversial . This time , it was supremely uninspired . Nonviolent figures such as the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , the Dalai Lama and Poland 's Lech Walesa became household names because they received the prize . Their protest techniques became subjects of academic study and practical guidance around the globe . Their selection inspired last year 's winner , Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo , author of "  No Enemies , No Hatred , " another of several Nobel winners who could not attend the awards ceremony because their governments put them in prison or banned them from traveling . The Nobel spotlight can bring donations and needed publicity to a cause . The push for a landmines ban started making headlines after Jody Williams and her Campaign to Ban Landmines won in 1997 . True , the committee 's choice always upsets some people . But it 's more frequently because of boldness than blandness . Naturally , the choice can be politically charged . After Barack Obama won in 2009 , with just a few months in office , it left many scratching their heads . When told of the announcement , Walesa said , "  Who , Obama ? ... He has n't had the time to do anything yet . " Obama went on to stun his hosts when he received the award . His Nobel lecture turned out to be a brilliant exposition of when war becomes a requirement for peace . It was not exactly what they expected from a Nobel Peace Prize winner . The decision reflected the committee 's hopes more than Obama 's achievements . The panel wanted Obama to become the president of peace . He accepted the award , but it turned out he was not a pacifist . The choice for this year also reflects aspirational views . The Norwegian Nobel Committee , selected by Norway 's parliament and made up mostly of politicians , is telling the world , specifically Europeans , that they should do whatever it takes to save the European Union . It is asking them to remember that Europe , the continent that in the 20th century perpetrated the worst wars the world has seen , has managed to stay mostly at peace for almost 70 years . The committee gives the credit to the EU . It was a retrospective award , a historical analysis . What the committee should have done was use this chance to take sides and to speak in a way that makes a difference in favor of freedom , equality and tolerance . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	The Nobel Committee awarded the Peace Prize to the European Union Frida Ghitis : What a sadly missed opportunity She says the committee passed on chance to put global spotlight on person or cause Ghitis : Peace Prize can make a difference ; this time it was supremely uninspired
CNN  -- The unlikely alchemy of a hard-rock legend and a bluegrass superstar created Grammy gold Sunday night , as Robert Plant and Alison Krauss picked up five awards -- including album and record of the year -- for their work , "  Raising Sand . " Alison Krauss and Robert Plant 's song "  Please Read the Letter " won record of the year . "  Sand " won album of the year honor , while a song from the set , "  Please Read the Letter , " won record of the year . "  I 'm bewildered . In the old days we would have called this selling out . But it 's a good way to spend a Sunday , " said Plant , the legendary Led Zeppelin front man . "  Raising Sand " was produced by T Bone Burnett , whose production and oversight of the "  O Brother , Where Art Thou " soundtrack won three awards -- including album of the year -- in 2002 . For "  Sand , " Burnett selected several songs , mostly obscurities such as Gene Clark 's "  Polly Come Home " and Sam Phillips ' "  Sister Rosetta Goes Before Us , " and let Plant and Krauss mix it up in stark , often subdued fashion . The result was widely praised and reached No. 2 on the album charts . Watch Plant and Krauss talk about their win " The win adds to Krauss ' eye-popping Grammy total of 26 awards -- more than any female artist in history and third only to conductor Sir Georg Solti  31  and producer-arranger-mogul Quincy Jones  27  . The awards were overshadowed by news that performer Chris Brown , who had been up for two Grammys , had become the focus of a domestic-violence allegation . Brown turned himself in to Los Angeles police Sunday evening . Watch a report on the latest developments in the Brown case " He was released on $ 50,000 bail , according to the Los Angeles Police Department . Authorities said Brown and a woman were involved in an argument in a vehicle . Read more about Brown The argument escalated when Brown stopped the car and the woman got out , the LAPD said , citing the victim 's account . A representative for Brown at the ICM agency in Los Angeles could not immediately be reached for comment . Coldplay took home one of the Grammys ' big three honors , song of the year , for the title track of their album "  Viva La Vida . " The group also won best rock album . "  Thank you and sorry to Sir Paul McCartney for blatantly recycling the ` Sgt. Pepper ' outfits , " the band 's Will Champion said , noting the group 's colorful attire . See the stars on the red carpet " Adele won best new artist . The Grammys are often better remembered for the colorful performances than the winners , and this year 's 3 1/2 - hour telecast seemed determined to showcase nominees , often in unusual combinations and settings . Watch Tia Carrere discuss the best Hawaiian music album " Jennifer Hudson brought the house down with an emotional performance of a new ballad , "  You Pulled Me Through , " and won best R&B album -- an award presented by another big-voiced vocalist , Whitney Houston . Hudson was equally emotional in her acceptance speech . "  I 'd like to thank my family in heaven and those who are with me today , " she said , her voice catching . "  Everybody , thank you all , " she concluded . Hudson 's mother , brother and nephew were murdered last October . Watch Carrie Underwood talk about her meeting with Hudson " Jamie Foxx took a star turn with a quartet of singers -- including Smokey Robinson -- in a medley of Four Tops songs in tribute to the group 's late lead singer , Levi Stubbs . The University of Southern California marching band backed Radiohead 's performance . Paul McCartney , backed by powerhouse Dave Grohl on drums , did "  I Saw Her Standing There " -- the first track from the Beatles ' first album , "  Please Please Me , " in 1963 . Four famed rappers -- T.I. , Kanye West , Jay-Z and Lil Wayne -- were called the "  Rap Pack " in a segment that followed a tribute to one of the Rat Pack singers , Dean Martin , who received a lifetime achievement award . With them was M.I.A. , extremely pregnant but giving it her all . Then there was the pairing of Stevie Wonder with the Jonas Brothers in a medley that concluded with Wonder 's "  Superstition . " Brown and Rihanna , each scheduled to perform , were notable for their absence . Rihanna was scheduled to sing "  Live Your Life/Disturbia " and Brown was later to sing "  Forever . " Apparently substituting for one of the slots was an all-star version of Al Green 's "  Let 's Stay Together , " led by the good reverend himself . With more than 100 categories , only a relative handful were presented on the show . Among the winners not televised on the broadcast -- though available on the Internet -- was best comedy album , which went to the late George Carlin for "  It 's Bad for Ya . " It was his fifth Grammy . Carlin 's daughter , Kelly , accepted on his behalf , saying she 'd take better care of it than Carlin did with his first Grammy . That one , she observed , was taken apart in a "  chemically induced , altered state . " Carlin was eventually sent a new Grammy for his trouble .	Robert Plant , Alison Krauss "  Raising Sand " is album of year Plant , Krauss ' work wins five Grammys total Coldplay wins song of the year for "  Viva La Vida , " best rock album Jennifer Hudson wins best R&B album
The ancient world was full of strange animals that have gone extinct , such as a group of marine species with claw-like structures emerging from their heads . A new study suggests that these creatures were related to spiders and scorpions . Researchers discovered the fossilized remains of a species in southwest China that provides new insights into the evolution of animals in the modern era , scientists said . They report their findings in the journal Nature . Scientists believe that the creature -- 1 inch long , and with two pairs of eyes -- lived 520 million years ago and that it crawled or swam in the ocean . They were able to reconstruct the creature 's nervous system to gain insights about its evolutionary relationships to animals familiar to us . "  For the first time , we are able to use fossilised neural anatomy to sort out how fossil animals are related to animals today , " study co-author Xiaoya Ma of the Department of Earth Sciences at the Natural History Museum in London wrote in an e-mail . This creature belongs to the Alalcomenaeus genus , and its place in the animal kingdom lies in "  a group of weird extinct animals " called the "  megacheiran " or "  great appendage " arthropods , Ma said . The species of the Alalcomenaeus group had elongated , segmented bodies with about 12 pairs of appendages they used for swimming or crawling . They also had a pair of long , scissor-like head claws , most likely for grabbing or sensing . Scientists say the reconstruction of the new creature 's nervous system is the most complete for an arthropod living at that time , in the Cambrian geological period . Discovery makes a splash : The rarest whale The brain and central nervous system of the creature are organized in a way that is similar to those of the chelicerata , the group that includes horseshoe crabs and scorpions . This suggests a close evolutionary relationship between the ancient Alalcomenaeus and the living chelicerata . A distinct group of arthropods called the mandibulates includes lobsters , insects , centipedes and millipedes . Last year at the same site in China -- called the Chengjiang formation near Kunming -- Ma and colleagues discovered a 520 million-year-old crustacean-type nervous system in an animal called Fuxianhuia . Taken together , these discoveries suggest that by 520 million years ago , the two major groups of arthropods had diverged . Their common ancestor must have been older , researchers said . "  This means the ancestors of spiders and their kin lived side by side with the ancestors of crustaceans , " co-author Nick Strausfeld , neuroscience professor at the University of Arizona , said in a statement . Strausfeld 's team used sophisticated imaging techniques to look at the inch-long Alalcomenaeus fossil . One kind of scan revealed that iron had built up in the nervous system as the creature fossilized . They also used a technique called computed tomography that reconstructs 3-D features . By combining these images and discarding any data that were n't in both , they were able to create a sort of negative X-ray photograph , "  and out popped this beautiful nervous system in startling detail , " Strausfeld said . It confirmed what scientists had believed from the creature 's outward appearance : The extinct genus Alalcomenaeus was related to chelicerates  spiders , scorpions and others  . They also saw that the brain in the fossil was like the brains found in modern scorpions and spiders . If researchers find a fossil with features shared by this creature and the crustacean-like fossil Ma and colleagues found last year , that could be a common ancestor of both . There 's plenty more weirdness from ancient history to uncover . 18-foot oarfish discovered	The fossil is 520 million years old and was found in China Using multiple images of the animal , the researchers discovered the nervous system They also saw the brain was like those of today 's spiders , scorpions The work shows the early evolutionary differences , researcher says
CNN  -- Ah , the confirmed bachelor . Think George Clooney , Gerard Butler or even old Hollywood 's Clark Gable . We anticipate whom they 'll turn up with on the red carpet at the next Hollywood premiere or which starlet will be photographed hanging from their arm as they slip out of the hottest , newest restaurant or nightclub . Though it was n't celebrated by larger society , it used to be that gay men once enjoyed that same freedom to play the field . But thanks to our freedom-fighting brethren , not anymore . Do n't get me wrong ; it 's not that I long for the good old days when gay men and women had to hide and lie about themselves and their partners by calling them "  friend " or "  roommate . " Not at all ! But as same-sex marriage is becoming legalized in places like New York and beyond , many of us suddenly have to face the reality and the question that many of our straight friends have always faced : "  When are you going to settle down and get married ? " More and more these days , I hear gay couples lamenting over it in restaurants , at work and at dinner parties . My friends call me with their own similar accounts . Lucky for them , they do n't get called on the carpet over it in public . But I did , literally on a red carpet . And it lives in print and on the Internet for all to see . It was my first red carpet experience earlier this summer after coming out publicly in my book "  Transparent . " It did n't go well when a New York Magazine reporter inquired about my own marriage intentions . Here 's the exchange : So there we were , chatting with newly out CNN anchor Don Lemon at Monday 's Trevor Live event , and just like annoying Aunt Sadie , we asked if he and his partner of four years are planning on tying the knot . After a long , awkward pause , Lemon laughed and said , "  Listen , I am not planning on getting married . I 'm not planning on not getting married . " Another pause . "  You mean , you 're asking me if I 'm planning on getting married in the near future ? " Yes , that 's what we 're asking , we pressed . "  Since I was a kid I 've always wanted to get married . And I think that now that , you know , there is a possibility for me to get married , I think that , yeah , one day I would like to get married , and maybe soon , " Lemon said . "  I have no immediate plans , but I say why not ? I am in a very happy , very solid relationship , so sure , one day I 'd like to get married , and I might do it . " Obviously Lemon was not comfortable talking about this , but just like Aunt Sadie never takes the hint , we blustered on with questions about this hypothetical wedding . When our conversation ended and Lemon was walking away , we overheard him say to his rep , "  Did I dance around that enough ? " I warned you it did n't go well . I was n't ready for that question from a persistent reporter . Nor am I ready for it from family members , friends , neighbors or random people who approach me in public . Honestly , I had n't pondered marriage since I came to terms with my sexuality almost two decades ago . But it really hit home for me when to my and my boyfriend 's surprise The New York Observer named me a 2011 media power bachelor and I got the news in an e-mail that my colleague Joy Behar had tied the knot with her long-time boyfriend , Steve Janowitz . While the power bachelor thing was fun , the Joy thing got me thinking . I have n't had the opportunity to ask her directly why she decided to get married after 29 years of unwedded bliss . Maybe it had something to do with her new grandson and her public support of gay marriage . Perhaps New York 's new marriage law had greased the skids for Ms. Behar-Janowitz . Whatever her reasons , Joy 's last tweet before running off with Steve was a sign for me . It simply reads , "  gone fishing . " So just as I did when I came out publicly this summer , I 'll get ahead of all those "  fishing " for an answer about my marriage plans . While I respect the gay couples who have or are planning on tying the knot soon , the truth is , just like straight people , not all gay people want to or should get married . But perhaps the best answer and the one closest to my own comes from a personal quote on the website IMDB from another confirmed bachelor , Leonardo DiCaprio . "  People always like to make up stories . I am not planning on getting married . Then again , I might wake up tomorrow and decide to get married ! " Thanks Leo .	As same-sex marriage is legalized , many are asked , "  When are you getting married ? " Don Lemon was asked about this on the red carpet by New York Magazine "  Not all gay people want to or should get married , " Lemon said
As many as 200 girls were abducted from their boarding school in northeastern Nigeria by heavily armed Boko Haram Islamists who arrived in trucks , vans and buses , officials and witnesses said . The group has recently stepped up attacks in the region , and its leader released a video last month threatening to kidnap girls from schools . Dozens of gunmen stormed the Government Girls Secondary School in Chibok , about 130 km  81 miles  west of Maiduguri , on Monday night as the students slept in their dormitories , officials said . They engaged the soldiers guarding the school in a lengthy gun battle and then herded the girls onto vehicles . "  Many girls were abducted by the rampaging gunmen who stormed the school in a convoy of vehicles , " said Emmanuel Sam , an education official in Chibok . Sam could not say exactly how many girls were kidnapped , but one student who managed to get away said at least 200 students were taken . "  The Boko Haram attackers came to town around 9 p.m. and made straight for the school where they had a gun battle with soldiers stationed at the school and killed two soldiers , " said Chibok resident Maina Babagana . The gunmen then burned homes and businesses in the town in Borno state as they fled with the girls , witnesses said . A military spokesman in the region declined to comment on the abduction , saying the Nigerian Defence Ministry would issue statement later . A student who was among about a dozen girls who managed to escape from their abductors recounted her ordeal . "  They forced us into trucks , buses and vans , some of which were carrying food stuffs and petrol . They left with us in a convoy into the bush , " said the student , who declined to be named for security reasons . "  A group of motorcyclists flanked the convoy to ensure none of us escaped . " At one point , one of the trucks broke down and the girls on that vehicle were transferred to another one , the student said . The broken down truck was set on fire , she added . When another vehicle broke down and the men tried to fix it , "  some of us jumped out of the vehicles and ran into the bush . We later found our way back to Chibok , " she said . Boko Haram , which translates as "  western education is sin , " is known to have carried out deadly attacks on other schools in the northeast . In a clip released by the group March 23 , leader Abubakar Shekau threatened to launch raids and abduct girls from schools . In early March , Borno state government closed all of its 85 secondary schools and sent more than 120,000 students home following increasing Boko Haram attacks on schools .	The girls were sleeping in their dormitories when Boko Haram attacked Some girls managed to escape when abductors ' vehicles broke down Boko Haram is against western education , has launched several attacks on schools
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sophisticated submarine-like boats are the latest tool drug runners are using to bring cocaine north from Colombia , U.S. officials say . Semi-submersible boats used to smuggle drugs are gaining in quality , the Coast Guard says . Although the vessels were once viewed as a quirky sideshow in the drug war , they are becoming faster , more seaworthy , and capable of carrying bigger loads of drugs than earlier models , according to those charged with catching them . "  They tend to be one of a kind , " U.S. Coast Guard Commandant Thad Allen said . "  They cost up to a million dollars to produce . Sometimes they are put together in pieces and then reassembled in other locations . They 're very difficult to locate . " The boats are built in the Colombian jungle . They sail largely beneath the surface of the water but can not submerge completely like a true submarine . But they are the latest escalation of a tactical race between smugglers and the U.S. Coast Guard . In the past three months the Coast Guard has learned of more semi-submersible vessels smuggling drugs than it did in the previous six years , when there were 23 cases , officials said . Watch the Coast Guard chase down a semi-sub " U.S. Coast Guard intelligence officers predict 85 cases this year and 120 next year . In some instances , the semi-subs are towed behind other vessels and are scuttled if they are detected , Allen said . Authorities are investigating reports that some semi-subs are unmanned and are operated remotely , he said . Diplomatic agreements give the U.S. Coast Guard drug-interdiction jurisdiction in partner countries ' waters . Encounters have become so frequent -- and the dangers of boarding the vessels so pronounced -- that the Coast Guard is pushing for legislation that would make the use of "  unflagged " semi-submersibles in international waters a crime punishable by up to 20 years in prison , even if authorities ca n't recover drug evidence because the smugglers scuttle the transports . "  There 's really no legitimate use for a vessel like this , " Allen said . An unflagged vessel is one not registered with a government . Allen believes the semi-subs are a response to the Coast Guard 's tactic of using snipers in helicopters to shoot out engines on smugglers ' speedboats . The submersibles ' engines are beneath water level . "  We 're seeing an evolution in the construction , " he said . "  Early on we saw fiberglass and now we 're seeing steel . " Early semi-subs were capable of carrying 4 or 5 metric tons of cargo ; newer ones can carry 12 metric tons , Allen said . Their speed has increased to 12 knots , which is "  a pretty good speed on the ocean . " Despite the increase in the use of the semi-subs , Drug Enforcement Administration officials say most drugs still are transported by traditional methods -- fishing boats , speedboats and airplanes . But Frankie Shroyer , deputy chief of the DEA 's Office of Enforcement Operations , called the use of semi-subs "  an emerging threat and we are attacking it through our investigations and working with the interagency community . " The DEA 's main focus , however , "  is to dismantle entire organizations , " he said . "  So we are looking at the organizations that are building these things . ... These are the same organizations that are using containers , the same organizations that are using airplanes , same organizations using go-fast boats . " Allen said the Coast Guard , the Department of Defense and others are working on how to board the vessels . "  In many cases , they do n't stop . And it 's difficult to slow them down , " he said . The Coast Guard says drug runners also are resorting to putting refueling vessels far offshore so drug-carrying boats can avoid coastal areas , and even liquefying cocaine and concealing it in fuel . The semi-subs are "  another adaptation ... that we 're going to have to adapt to ourselves , " Allen said . Last year , the Coast Guard seized a record 355,000 pounds of cocaine worth an estimated $ 4.7 billion -- a 2 percent increase over 2006 . The Coast Guard 's largest cocaine bust ever came in 2007 -- 42,845 pounds stacked in large bundles on the deck of a freighter off the coast of Panama . E-mail to a friend	Small boats can travel almost completely submerged , Coast Guard says Semi-subs carry narcotics from Colombia to U.S. Million-dollar vessels built in jungle , sometimes assembled elsewhere They 've been around awhile , but now more sophisticated , carry more cargo
Nearly 7 in 10 Americans are angry at the direction the country is headed and 53 % of Americans disapprove of President Barack Obama 's job performance , two troubling signs for Democrats one week before the midterm elections , a new CNN/ORC International Poll shows . Democrats are battling to try and save the Senate majority , while hoping to prevent more losses in the House , which the GOP controls by a 234 to 201 margin . In the Senate , Republicans need a net gain of six seats , and several state polls in the past month of contested races show that Democrats are in danger of losing control of the majority , and thus Congress . Currently , Democrats control the Senate by a 55-45 margin with two of those seats held by independents that align themselves politically with Democrats . The CNN/ORC poll shows that 30 % of Americans are "  very angry " and 38 % are "  somewhat angry " about the way things are going in the country , while 31 % expressed "  no anger " at all . CNN Polling Director Keating Holland notes the 31 % of "  very angry " Americans matches the mood of the country in 2010 when Republicans took back control of the House . In next week 's election , the emotion of anger could be a motivating factor in driving out GOP voters . While 36 % of Republican voters said they are "  extremely " or "  very enthusiastic , " about voting this year , only 26 % of Democrats use that language to describe themselves , in the CNN/ORC poll . "  That 10 point difference is certain to affect turnout and hurt Democrats ' chances in marginal districts , " Holland said about the 435 House races on the ballot next Tuesday . And this enthusiasm gap , coupled with dissatisfaction over how the president is leading the country , is likely to influence the dozen races that will decide which political party controls the Senate for the next two years . A deeper look into the polling data shows that Obama 's job performance is only viewed favorably in the Northeast , 51 % , and in urban areas , 60 % . All but one of the races that will decide which party controls the Senate in 2015 are located in the three other geographic areas of the country and Obama 's approval rating is in the low 40 's in each one . · In the Midwest , where Democrats are trying to hold an open Senate seat in Iowa , Obama has a 56 % disapproval rating . · In the South , where three Democratic incumbents are battling for re-election in Arkansas , Louisiana , North Carolina , and Republicans are trying to hold an open seat in Georgia , as well as protect Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell in Kentucky , the president has a 52 % disapproval rating . · In the West where Democratic incumbents are fighting for another six year term in Alaska and Colorado , Obama 's disapproval rating is 55 % . Making matters even more difficult for Democrats is that Obama 's disapproval rating among rural voters is 70 % and the eight states listed above have sizable rural populations . Nationally , when asked if they agree with Obama on issues that matter most to them , only 42 % said yes , while 55 % said they disagreed with him , in the poll . POLL : Coakley trails GOP challenger in Massachusetts It is no surprise that Obama has purposely stayed away from campaigning for Senate candidates in difficult contests . It is widely believed that Democratic seats in Montana , South Dakota , and West Virginia will be won by Republicans in November . If this were to happen , Republicans will only need a net gain of three more seats to take back the Senate majority . As for Congress , only 13 % of Americans approve of how it is handling its job , while 85 % disapprove .	A new CNN poll finds large swaths of Americans angry at the direction of the country Republicans need a net gain of six seats to win control of the Senate A majority of Americans do n't approve of Obama 's job performance
