CNN  -- When Billy Nungesser appears on the news , sweat-soaked and breathless , railing against BP and the government for failing to keep the oil in the Gulf of Mexico from reaching Louisiana 's shores , the anguish on the politician 's face is real . "  He takes this personally because he feels a great responsibility for the lives and livelihoods of the people of Plaquemines Parish , " said Benny Puckett , a parish employee who works for Nungesser . "  When he says things that some people take as controversial , he does n't mean to be controversial ; he 's just speaking from his heart . " Among his more provocative statements : that the leadership of the Coast Guard and Army Corps of Engineers should be fired , that their plan of attack has been an "  embarrassment . " "  They had no plan to keep the oil out , even though they said it would n't come ashore . They had no plan to clean it up . They had no plan to make the fishermen whole . It 's like it 's being run with a bunch of seventh-graders , " the outspoken freshman parish president said last week . "  This is absolutely ridiculous and unacceptable . " Nungesser , president of Louisiana 's southernmost parish , where the Mississippi River meets the Gulf , spoke with President Obama on Friday about how to minimize the spill 's impact on a community whose livelihood depends on fishing and offshore oil industries . Nungesser has said he is confident in the president 's assurance that something would be done to protect the barrier islands , which come more than a month after the politician began sounding the alarm bell over the spill 's potential impact on Plaquemines ' extensive network of marshes and waterways . Nungesser hopes berms can be built to protect the area from the oil , and the Coast Guard was part of a discussion on the idea Tuesday . " -LSB- President Obama -RSB- has the opportunity ... to do the right thing on these berms , " Nungesser said in a phone interview Tuesday night . "  If the truth gets back to him on these berms , I 'm confident he 'll do the right thing . " Since the early days of the massive oil spill , the Louisiana native has been going non-stop , according to friends and family , waking up around 3 a.m. and returning home at 11 p.m. , after a full day of meetings , tours of the area and rounds on local and national news networks . "  I worry about him . I 'm concerned about him dropping dead on me because he never stops , " said friend Leo Polazzo , who has known Nungesser since his days as a local businessman . "  I talk to his fiancée to find out about him , because I ca n't talk to him because he 's so busy . " Nungesser says his energy comes from wanting "  to do the right thing . " "  Dad always told me I had one speed : always wide open , " he said . "  I ca n't rest as long as the job still needs to be done . " His outspokenness comes as no surprise to those who know him . Before Nungesser became the weary face representing Louisiana 's coastal communities , he was already known among friends and constituents as someone who 'd do anything to help others , who 'd open his home to strangers and stray animals alike . Like most Gulf Coast natives , his backstory is tied to the industries that have sustained the region . He grew up in Algiers , outside of New Orleans , working in his father 's cannery before starting his own business ventures . He was the second of four children and was known as the class clown who could never stay still and often brought home stray animals much to his parents ' chagrin , his sister , Heidi Nungesser Landry , said . "  Billy never sat down for a meal . He probably had -LSB- attention deficit disorder -RSB- , but they did n't diagnose it in those days . Our father would tell him to sit in the corner , and he could not stand still , " she said . After high school , he attended LSU and Holy Cross but did n't graduate , she said . Inspired by his father , William Nungesser Sr. , a local businessman and chairman of the state Republican Party , she said the younger Nungesser made an unsuccessful run for state representative and served on the state levee board in the 1980s . Soon after he began working for his father 's business , which had evolved into a catering company for the offshore industry , providing cooks and food on oil rigs . During trips out to check on operations or fill in for someone who called in sick , Nungesser became aware of living conditions on the rig and came up with an idea for his own business : converting old shipping containers into living quarters . General Marine Leasing proved to be a great success , mostly due to Nungesser 's finesse with clients , said Rene Cross , a contractor who became a friend of Nungesser 's after working with him . "  He made it a priority to keep in touch with his clients and to listen to them . If they wanted modifications or a Jacuzzi , he 'd find a way to do it , " he said . "  He 's brilliant . He 's an idea man . He has a million ideas , and he is determined to make them all work . " By the time a Canadian company offered to buy General Marine Leasing from him for a reported $ 18 million , Nungesser had moved to Plaquemines Parish , bought property on a low level of land and turned his sights to raising elk . He acquired more than 100 head in Nebraska and corralled them in an area of his property , but could never bring himself to kill them , Cross said . "  He treated them all like they were his kids , like puppy dogs , " he said . "  I think he sent a few to the butcher , but you can also use their horns for vitamin supplements , so he ended up making a profit by grinding up their horns . " Nungesser lost most of his herd when Hurricane Katrina roared through Plaquemines in 2005 , carrying some of the elk up to 30 miles from his property , Cross said . Yet Nungesser eagerly participated in relief efforts , taking his airboat on rescue missions , opening his home to stranded people and abandoned animals , and helping to clear roads . On adjacent property , a riding facility that he built for handicapped children became a staging ground for relief efforts , where volunteers slept and supplies were stored , according to Puckett , who worked on Nungesser 's property coordinating relief efforts . "  Billy is probably the most compassionate person that I 've dealt with on a regular basis and that compassion has never waned . It stays there all the time , " Puckett said . "  He was eager , at a moment 's notice , to help out . He stepped up , and he never refused anybody that he could assist . He 'd give you the shirt off his back and last dollar in pocket . " Nungesser says he ran for parish president in part because he did n't see the incumbent in the community during the Katrina clean-up . "  I saw absolutely no one standing up for the people of this parish , " he said . "  People told me , ` You ought to run and quit complaining . ' " Since taking office in 2007 , those who know him say he has cemented his reputation as a dedicated champion of the beleaguered community through a long list of accomplishments in a short period of time related to recovery efforts . "  I do n't think Billy ever really relaxes . I can get him out on the boat or hunting , and he 'll take it easy for a bit , but within 10 minutes , it 's back to the business of Plaquemines Parish , " said Cross . "  But he loves it . He takes great joy and pride in contributing to the improvement of the community . " Nungesser says he 'll keeping working hard as long as the oil threatens his parish . "  Things still need to be done to keep the oil out . ... At the end of this thing , I have to know I did everything possible to save the parish and the coast land , " Nungesser said . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Billy Nungesser warned of oil spill 's potential impact on coastal communities early on Friends , family say the Louisiana native has been working around the clock Nungesser ran for Plaquemines Parish president in response to pace of Katrina relief efforts Before politics , Nungesser ran sucessful business making mobile living quarters
CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden was right to call attention to New York 's LaGuardia Airport . From the dilapidated state of LaGuardia 's Central Terminal Building to the minimal public transport links and outdated air traffic control system , the metro area 's airports are in desperate need of modernization . But now it 's time for Biden and other leaders to put their money where their rhetoric is . The Federal Government and local politicians must step up and take sustained action . And the goal should be to fix the problem , not point fingers . Despite its outdated condition , LaGuardia serves 25 million passengers a year . As the closest airport to Manhattan , it is coveted by airlines . Moreover , New York City 's three major airports serve more than 110 million people a year , account for 500,000 jobs and contribute $ 63 billion to our regional economy , according to a November 2013 study from Global Gateway Alliance and Partnership for New York City . And they are the largest global gateway to the world for international travelers , with U.S. Customs data showing that John F. Kennedy International Airport handles the most international visitors and Newark International Airport the fifth most . As such , the airports serve as a symbol for the entire United States . Airports are responsible for the first and last impressions visitors have , and in New York , some 54 million tourists visited last year . They are fundamentally vital to our economy , tourism industry and our global reputation . As the vice president pointed out , New York 's airports are a symbol of underinvestment in infrastructure throughout the country . When the Beatles landed in New York 50 years ago last week , our airports were a symbol of the modern , efficient and forward-looking transportation infrastructure in the United States . Now , they are the embodiment of our falling behind the rest of the world . Cities all over the world have recognized the significance of their airports and have invested in state-of-the-art technology and infrastructure . Our own Global Gateway Alliance survey showed that airports from Singapore to Paris are providing innovative amenities such as 40 foot slides , ice skating rinks and on airport baby strollers to ensure that passengers have the best possible experience . The same survey showed LaGuardia and New York area airports at the bottom of the list of passenger amenities . The bottom line is we to have to invest in our airports to avoid losing out to national and international competitors and to provide a better quality of life for those millions of passengers . At LaGuardia , here 's how : -- 21st century terminals : LaGuardia 's Central Terminal Building , built in 1964 , is a prime example of an outdated terminal desperately in need of redevelopment , which is why it 's so important for the Port Authority to deliver on the promise of a modern , efficient and innovative terminal . There are also significant space constraints with only two short runways and limited parking , which are challenges that need to be addressed . -- Better passenger amenities : Frequently voted the worst airport in the U.S. by passengers , LaGuardia is definitely not known for its amenities . All of the New York area airports would benefit from providing what are now basic services , such as free Wi-Fi , which would help business travelers , and leave visitors with a better impression of their time in New York . -- Improved transportation links : Public transportation access to all of New York 's airports is behind other world class cities , which have one seat train rides directly from the city center to the airport . Options for getting to LaGuardia via public transportation are very limited , but a Bus Rapid Transit system , with dedicated lanes and just a few stops to the airport , would help remedy that . This service would remove the threat of traffic delays normally associated with buses and provide a convenient and reliable direct ride to the airport . Reviving long dormant plans for a direct subway extension to LaGuardia are also worth exploring . -- Bring NextGen to New York first : LaGuardia , along with JFK and Newark , is the most delayed airport traffic control system in the country . Every day , our airspace contributes to one half to three quarters of all delays around the country . The solution is NextGen , the new satellite-based air traffic control system . Replacing the old 1960s radar technology means fewer delays on the ground and in the air . But the FAA has to step up and make it happen in New York . Right now , the federal government is years behind in developing NextGen , and the FAA wants to roll it out in smaller markets first , despite the tremendous impact the New York airspace has on national delays . It 's past time to stop ignoring our airports and to move them to the front of the priorities line . That 's how LaGuardia will go from Third World to world class . The opinions expressed are solely those of the authors .	Vice President Biden compared LaGuardia Airport to being in a Third World country Authors : U.S. has let its airports fall far behind the curve internationally They say politicians need to make improving LaGuardia and others a priority Authors : LaGuardia needs new terminals , better transportation and more amenities
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- As senior U.S. officials sought to figure out how to respond to North Korea 's announcement that it will launch a satellite using ballistic missile technology , a State Department spokeswoman said Friday that an agreement by the United States to deliver food aid to the impoverished country would be put on pause . ' I think we 're going to take a pause here and see what happens , " State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said . " A North Korean launch of a satellite would be highly provocative . " Planning for the delivery of food aid -- under a deal struck last month in which Pyongyang agreed to halt nuclear tests , long-range missile launches and enrichment activities in exchange for food aid -- had been "  relatively far advanced , " she said . At the time of the food aid agreement , under which North Korea would receive 240,000 metric tons of foodstuffs , the United States told Pyongyang that such a launch would be contrary to the accord , Nuland said . "  Frankly , if they were to go forward with this launch , it 's very hard to imagine how we would be able to move forward with a regime whose word we have no confidence in and who has egregiously violated its international commitments , " she said . Nuland 's announcement came hours after the country 's official news agency said that Pyongyang plans to launch next month an "  Earth observation " satellite using a carrier rocket , a move that would potentially violate U.N. Security Council demands . Though the United States makes it a practice not to link humanitarian aid with other issues , "  a launch of this kind , which would abrogate our agreement , would call into question the credibility of all the commitments that the DPRK has made to us , " she said , referring to the country 's official name , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . The announcement surprised the Obama administration and the other countries involved in the six-party talks intended to find a peaceful resolution to concerns over Pyongyang 's nuclear weapons program . It raised questions about whether North Korea 's new leader , Kim Jong Un , is any different than his late father , Kim Jong Il . During talks in Beijing between the United States and North Korea , U.S. officials said North Korea had been explicitly warned against the use of space technology . "  They knew if they were to launch a satellite , this would be a matter of grave concern to the U.S. , " said one senior official who would not be identified publicly because of the sensitivity of the issue . The North Koreans notified the United States about their intention but did not make clear they were going to make the announcement public , which has made the move more difficult to deal with , the officials said . In providing a rationale for the launch , North Korea told the United States that they have the "  right " to peaceful access to space , as do all other nations , one senior official said . The official said that the United States replied that all other nations have not been judged to be a threat to international peace and stability and enjoined explicitly against conducting ballistic missile launches . "  This is not about their ` rights ' ; it 's about their obligations as a member of the U.N. , " the North Koreans were told , according to this official . "  The DPRK announcement talks about a satellite launch , " Nuland said . "  However , as we know , it requires the use of missile technology to launch a satellite , and it 's the use of the missile technology that is an explicit violation of U.N. Security Council Resolution 1874 . So it 's a matter of semantics . ... They say they 're launching a satellite . We say ` you 're launching it with ballistic missile technology , which the U.N. Security Council resolutions have explicitly precluded . ' " Ri Yong Ho , a senior North Korean nuclear envoy , traveled this week to Beijing and Moscow after attending a conference in New York sponsored by Syracuse University . The officials said he raised eyebrows in both countries by suggesting that North Korea would undertake the launch . Theories abound on why the North Koreans made the announcement : Was this the last wish of the country 's late leader , Kim Jong Il ? Is this something devised after Kim Jong Il 's death in December to mark his greatness ? Is this the regime marking the centennial of the birth of the country 's founder , Kim Il Sung , with something flashy ? Kim Il Sung was born April 15 , 1912 , and died in 1994 . In fact , the North 's official Korean Central News Agency said that the planned launch -- scheduled to take place between April 12 and April 16 -- would mark the 100th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung . It cited a spokesman for the Korean Committee for Space Technology . The centenary of Kim Il Sung 's birth is a huge event in the North Korean calendar . Since the announcement , U.S. officials have been huddling with officials from Japan , Russia and South Korea , all of which have issued tough statements warning against any such launch . The officials , who have also spoken with Chinese officials , were awaiting an announcement from Beijing . In terms of consequences , it was not clear whether the announcement would derail the deal announced by the United States and North Korea or whether anything can be salvaged . Several nations on the U.N. Security Council quickly criticized the North Korean announcement . "  Well , the position of the Security Council , of course , is that all Security Council resolutions must be abided by , " said Britain 's ambassador to the United Nations , Mark Lyall Grant , speaking in his capacity as president of the Security Council for March . "  And if this launch goes ahead , our understanding is , it would be violation of Security Council resolutions . " The French Foreign Ministry on Friday also called the move a provocation . North Korea "  must abandon " plans to launch a rocket to put a satellite into orbit next month , because doing so would violate the terms of U.N. Security Council resolutions , it said . "  The launching of a rocket by North Korea would contribute to the development of its ballistic missile capabilities , " the ministry said . Russia called the announcement a "  grave concern . " "  We are calling on Pyongyang not to oppose the international community , stay away from actions that heat up the situation in the region creating additional complications for re-launching the six-party talks on the nuclear problem on the Korean Peninsula , " the Russian Foreign Ministry said . Previous satellite launches by the reclusive North Korean regime have been widely viewed as ballistic missile test launches in disguise . The last time Pyongyang carried out what it described as a satellite launch , in April 2009 , the U.N. Security Council condemned the action , saying it breached a resolution forbidding North Korea from conducting "  missile-related activities . " The Security Council demanded that North Korea not conduct further launches . South Korea 's foreign ministry said Friday that it urged the North to respect the United Nations ruling and "  observe its international responsibility . " Academics said the North Koreans ' announcement is about more than developing the technology needed for satellite launches , which is the same technology needed for missile launches . "  They 're trying to remind the world they are dangerous and working hard to develop a delivery system , " said professor Andrei Lankov of Kookmin University in Seoul . But the North Korean news agency said North Korea will "  abide by relevant international regulations and usage concerning the launch of scientific and technological satellites for peaceful purposes . " The satellite , named Kwangmyongsong-3 , will be "  blasted off southward " from the Sohae Satellite Launching Station in the western province of North Phyongan , according to the official report . "  A safe flight orbit has been chosen so that carrier rocket debris to be generated during the flight would not have any impact on neighboring countries , " the report said . North Korea 's previous rocket launches that it said aimed to put satellites in orbit were Kwangmyongsong-1 in 1998 and Kwangmyongsong-2 in 2009 . While Pyongyang says those launches succeeded , outside agencies have found no evidence of the satellites being placed in orbit . Experts say Kwangmyongsong-2 flew over Japan , farther than any other North Korean missile , before crashing . The 2,000-mile flight suggested that North Korea is getting better at building long-range missiles . "  The upcoming launch will greatly encourage the army and people of the DPRK in the building of a thriving nation and will offer an important occasion of putting the country 's technology of space use for peaceful purposes on a higher stage , " the news agency report said Friday . CNN 's Tim Schwartz , Jethro Mullen , Paula Hancocks and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We 're going to take a pause here , " State Department spokeswoman says NEW : Planning for food aid had been "  relatively far advanced , " Victoria Nuland says Pyongyang wants to remind the world that it is dangerous , an analyst says
CNN  -- Wrestler Edward Fatu , better known as the hulking , tattooed WWE superstar "  Umaga , " died Friday of a heart attack in a Houston , Texas , hospital , a family friend said . Born in American Samoa , Fatu , 36 , was a member of the famous Anoa'i wrestling family , which includes cousin Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson , his two uncles , who wrestled as The Wild Samoans in the 1980s , and brothers , Sam "  Tonga Kid " and Solofa Jr. "  Rikishi , " according to Wrestlers Rescue , a support group for retired professional wrestlers . The two-time WWE Intercontinental champion , also known as "  The Samoan Bulldozer , " squared off with the likes of Triple H , John Cena and Ric Flair before the WWE terminated his contract in June for having violated the WWE 's Wellness Program and refusing to enter rehab , the WWE said on its site . The organization offered its condolences to his family in a brief statement on its site . To friends and family , Fatu was a devoted father who was looking forward to spending more time with his children after leaving the WWE . "  He had his demons , but he found a lot of strength in his family , " said Dawn Marie Psaltis , family friend and founder of Wrestlers Rescue . "  He was always a jokester , he was always playing a practical joke on someone . He comes from a long line of professional wrestlers and did his family proud . "	Relatives include cousin Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson and uncles The Wild Samoans WWE says it terminated his contract for violating Wellness Program , refusing to enter rehab Fatu was looking forward to spending time with children after leaving WWE , friend says
CNN  -- The town of Truth or Consequences , New Mexico , is tiny . The population barely reaches 7,000 , and the smattering of tourists it attracts throughout the year are undoubtedly lured by its rustic , small-town charm . Its handful of attractions include some vintage hot spring resorts  pre-World War II , the town was a hotspot for wellness tourism  , some nearby ghost towns and roaming buffalo . "  Here , you 're in the middle of what I consider to be the real West , " says John Mulcahy , mayor of Truth or Consequences  or T or C , as it 's known locally  . "  It 's a back-to-nature kind of place . I love to take my four-wheel drive and head out into the wilderness , where there are 100-mile vistas . There 's nothing like it in the continuous United States . " Not surprisingly , T or C lacks the name recognition of , say , Santa Fe or Albuquerque . That is set to change in the next couple of years however , as the town is on the brink of becoming the epicenter for space tourism . Spaceport America -- which next year is slated to send a troupe of multi-millionaires up into the stratosphere when Virgin Galactic moves in -- is a mere 30 miles to the northeast . "  Spaceport America employs 1,300 people across New Mexico , and we 're looking to add another 1,800 jobs by 2018 , " says Christine Anderson , executive director of Spaceport America and the New Mexico Spaceport Authority . With an additional 200,000 yearly visitors projected once Virgin moves in -- and the Spaceport completes its Welcome Center  which Anderson estimates will take another 16 months to finish  -- T or C is likely to experience a serious uptick . In fact , experts estimate the population is likely to double . Quiz : Do you have what it takes to be a space tourist ? "  The number that I 've seen that scares me the most is 3,000 people in our downtown on a Saturday , " admits Mulcahy . Currently , the potential of space tourism has everyone in the area on high alert . Virgin are meeting with local tourism suppliers next month to help ready them for the supposed onslaught , while T or C has embarked on a mission to spruce up ahead of its visitors . "  We 're working hard to make the town more attractive , but at the same time , we do n't want it to lose its character . We do n't want a 5-star hotel in downtown , " he says . Still , it 's difficult to imagine Richard Branson 's clients , many of whom have paid $ 250,000 for their ticket to space , feeling content staying at the local budget hotel . "  I would say there 's plenty of hotels to handle the initial amount of space tourists , but I do n't think there is anything  in the luxury market  , " says Dr. Alison Green , an assistant professor at the William F. Harrah College of Hotel Administration in Las Vegas , Nevada . Read more : What does a Virgin Galactic ticket buy you ? While some have called on the luxury hospitality industry to anticipate the needs of the projected high-fliers , it seems many brands are slow to answer . In April , CNN founder Ted Turner bought T or C 's Sierra Grande Lodge and Spa -- one of the few upscale accommodations in the region -- but other investors seem to be playing wait-and-see . "  We are lagging in terms of business investment , " admits Mulcahy , though he maintains he 's not worried about the future of T or C. "  This is the most amazing , iconic facility in the world , but it 's like anything else : you have to see it to believe it , and that 's true of investment . Investment follows opportunity , it does n't really lead opportunity . " Monique Jacobson , the New Mexico state tourism secretary , says that developers have been scoping out the area ever since the Spaceport was first proposed . The challenge , she says , wo n't be luring investors , so much as ensuring the region keeps its charms . "  If there are luxury resorts , they still need to be true to what makes New Mexico so unique , because that 's what 's going to keep it a special experience for the people that visit , " she says .	Spaceport America expects 200,000 yearly visitors once Virgin moves in The population boom could change the area , which remains remote The nearest town , Truth or Consequences , has 7,000 residents
In February , President Barack Obama launched an initiative to provide educational and community support for African-American boys and young men , an issue he said "  goes to the very heart of why I ran for president . " But when Obama first unveiled the "  My Brother 's Keeper " program six months ago , he could not have anticipated that the national conversation this summer would explode into a debate about race relations . In light of the death of Michael Brown -- the unarmed African-American teen who was fatally shot by a white police officer in Ferguson , Missouri , in August -- Obama said that the country is now "  awakened " to a reality that a "  gulf of mistrust " exists between African-Americans and law enforcement officials in communities throughout the country . "  We still have to close the opportunity gaps , and we have to close the justice gap -- how justice is applied , but also what is perceived , how it is experienced , " Obama said at a Congressional Black Caucus Foundation event in Washington on Saturday . "  That 's what we saw in Ferguson this summer when Michael Brown was killed and the community was divided . " "  Too many young men of color feel targeted by law enforcement , guilty of walking while black , driving while black , judged by stereotypes that fuel by fear and resentment and hopelessness , " he continued . To Brown 's family members , who were in the audience at the event , Obama gave a personal nod . "  I know that nothing anybody can say can ease the grief of losing a child too soon . " Complete coverage of Ferguson As a result of the increasingly evident "  gulf of mistrust , " Obama said , his administration will launch a "  My Brother 's Keeper " community challenge this week , in which it will ask every community in the country to publicly commit to implementing strategies to ensure that all young people can succeed . "  It 's a challenge to local leaders to follow the evidence and to use the resources to see what works on our kids , " the President said . "  We need to help our communities , our law enforcement build trust , build understanding , so that our neighborhoods stay safe and our young people stay on track . " The operation was originally launched with the plan to have leading foundations and businesses donate at least $ 200 million over five years toward mentoring programs aimed at boys and young men of color . Obama also thanked Attorney General Eric Holder , who announced his retirement last week , for his continued effort to improve race relations and advance civil rights . "  Throughout his long career in public service , Eric has built a powerful legacy of making sure that equal justice under the law actually means something , " Obama said . "  He 's been a great friend of mine . He 's been a great servant of the American people . We will miss him badly . " Obama 's remarks came at the end of a four-day annual legislative conference sponsored by the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation , a nonprofit institute that supports the policy positions of the Congressional Black Caucus .	Administration will launch a "  My Brother 's Keeper " community challenge this week Obama gives personal nod to Michael Brown 's family Obama says country is now "  awakened " to a reality that a "  gulf of mistrust " exists
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal 's hopes of successfully defending his U.S. Open title have been dealt a serious blow after the Spaniard revealed he has sustained a wrist injury during a practice session . The world No. 2 says he will be out of competitive action for "  at least two-three weeks , " ruling him out of the upcoming ATP Tour 1000 events in Toronto and Cincinnati and possibly out of this season 's final grand slam tournament which starts on August 25 . Nadal won both Masters events last season before beating Novak Djokovic in the final at Flushing Meadows in New York . In a statement released by organizers of Toronto 's Rogers Cup , Nadal expressed his dismay at missing out this year . "  I 'm extremely disappointed that I am unable to defend my Rogers Cup title this year , " said Nadal , who beat home favorite Milos Raonic in last year 's final . "  I was looking forward to coming there and playing again in Toronto as I have always loved to play in Canada and had great results in the past at a very important event . "  Unfortunately I injured myself yesterday  Tuesday  during practice and after checking with my doctors I will have to stay out of competition for at least two-three weeks . I am sorry to the tournament and to all of the fans . " The 28-year-old last missed the U.S. Open in 2012 when a knee injury forced him out of action for seven months in total . Nadal has endured fluctuating fortunes on court this year winning four tournaments so far including the French Open in June . His four-set win over Novak Djokovic clinched a ninth title at Roland Garros , but this was tempered by disappointments at Melbourne Park and Wimbledon . At the Australian Open in January , Nadal injured his back in the warm up before the final and went onto to lose in four sets to Switzerland 's Stanislas Wawrinka . Normal service was resumed in Paris before Nadal exited early for the third year running at SW19 . After being dumped out in round 's two and one in 2012 and 2013 respectively , Nadal made it to the last 16 before succumbing to Australian teenager Nick Kyrgios . Read more : Serena fighting fit after Wimbledon illness scare	Rafael Nadal to miss ATP Tour events due to wrist injury World no. 2 withdraws from events in Toronto and Cincinnati Spaniard now a major doubt for U.S. Open which starts on August 25 Nadal 's doctors tell him he can not compete for "  at least two-three weeks "
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- A U.S. soldier fired on his fellow troops at a counseling center at a base outside Baghdad , Iraq , on Monday , U.S. officials said , killing five people in the worst such attack of the six-year-old Iraq war . U.S. Army troops get a safety briefing before departing Camp Liberty , Iraq , in December 2008 . The shooting occurred at 2 p.m. at a stress clinic at Camp Liberty , near Baghdad International Airport , two senior defense officials said . Though initial reports indicated the attacker was killed in the incident , the U.S. command in Baghdad said late Monday a suspect in the killings was in custody . Neither the suspect nor any of the victims had been identified , but a defense official with access to the latest reports on the incident told CNN that the suspect had been a patient at the treatment center . "  Any time we lose one of our own , it affects us all , " Col. John Robinson , a U.S. military spokesman , said in a written statement . President Obama said that he was "  shocked and deeply saddened " by the "  horrible tragedy . " "  My heart goes out to the families and friends of all the service members involved , " he said in a written statement . "  I will press to ensure that we fully understand what led to this tragedy , and that we are doing everything we can to ensure that our men and women in uniform are protected . " The president said he discussed the issue in a meeting with Defense Secretary Robert Gates on Monday afternoon . And Gates expressed his own "  horror and deep regret " at a press briefing . Watch the defense secretary talk about the incident " "  If the preliminary reports are confirmed , such a tragic loss of life at the hands of our own forces is a cause for great and urgent concern , " Gates said . "  And I can assure you that it will get this department 's highest priority attention . " Adm. Michael Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , added the incident shows a need to "  redouble " efforts regarding troop stress levels . Camp Liberty is tightly guarded , and U.S. troops are required to clear their weapons of ammunition while on the base . The only service members who have loaded weapons are those guarding high-ranking officers and military police . Monday 's attack marks the sixth incident in which a service member was killed by a fellow service member since the launch of Operation Iraqi Freedom , the March 2003 invasion of Iraq . Camp Liberty is part of the Camp Victory Complex , one of the largest U.S. military bases in Iraq . It lies just northeast of Baghdad International Airport and is also near the massive al-Faw palace of executed former dictator Saddam Hussein . Once known as Camp Victory North , the base was renamed Camp Liberty in September 2004 , or Camp Al-Tahreer in Arabic , according to GlobalSecurity.org , a Web site that provides background on military and security issues . Like other American facilities in Iraq , Camp Liberty provides a host of amenities for the thousands of U.S. troops who call it home during their combat tours . The base resembles a giant trailer park , dotted with air-conditioned two - or three-person units that house thousands of service members . It boasts several dining facilities catered by a private company , fully equipped gymnasiums , recreation centers and a post exchange that rivals Wal-Mart . In recent years , a number of fast food restaurants such as Burger King and Pizza Hut have opened , as well as private stores and a bazaar that sells local wares . The military set up several chapels , and each unit operates stress-relief clinics -- such as the one at which the shootings occurred Monday -- where troops can request counseling . CNN 's Cal Perry , Chris Lawrence and Mike Mount contributed to this report .	Defense official : Suspect had been a patient at the treatment center President Obama to discuss incident with defense secretary Attack is the deadliest on soldiers by a fellow soldier during Operation Iraqi Freedom Five killed and three others wounded in incident
Travel + Leisure  -- The Web is an essential tool for travelers , but as booking engines and trip forums evolve and multiply , you have to know where to look -- and whom to trust . To help you , Travel + Leisure has assembled the ultimate online guide . Getting There BOOKING FLIGHTS  OVERALL Sidestep.com Comparing top aggregators Sidestep and Kayak , we found that eight-year-old Sidestep 's flight tool has a slight edge : A handy matrix at the top of the results page gives an overview of the lowest prices pulled from 600 airlines across 200 sites . And refining the search by departure time or airport is a breeze . RESEARCHING LOW-FARE CARRIERS IN EUROPE Flycheapo.com Do n't get stuck on the name . This is a great resource for learning about 45 low-fare carriers in Europe . Select your two endpoints  say Rome and Oslo  and learn who can get you from one to the other on a direct flight  Denmark 's Sterling Air  . Caveat : FlyCheapo only shows you who flies where ; for prices and schedules , you 'll have to visit the airlines ' own sites . LOCATING THE BEST INTERNATIONAL AIRFARES Farecompare.com Decide how much you want to spend and when you want to travel , and Getaway Maps will overlay the lowest fares pulled from more than 500 airlines  most of the major U.S. carriers , as well as many international ones  for a select range of cities . KNOWING WHEN TO BOOK A FLIGHT Farecast.com Buy now or wait for a better price ? Farecast uses historic pricing data to help you make an educated decision about whether or not a fare is likely to fluctuate in the coming week . A supplementary service called FareGuard  $ 10  covers the difference if they tell you to wait for a price to go down and it rises instead . Caveat : Farecast covers only 78 cities , all of them in the United States . Getting Ideas BOOKING HOTELS  OVERALL Kayak.com This two-year-old aggregator scours 159,000 hotels worldwide , and about 10 percent of the places that it turns up have been suggested by real people , so the picks are well-rounded .  Hotels.com only lists 70,000 properties .  New features allow you to sort the listings by location  using Google maps  and view photographs . FINDING LATE-BREAKING DEALS ON LUXURY HOTELS Lastminutetravel.com Search hotels by ratings in your city of choice , and the site turns up an impressive mix of reduced rates on rooms at luxury properties . Our recent results : 23 percent off a room at the Biltmore , in Coral Gables , and 15 percent off at the Goring , in London . Caveat : The best deals take digging . PREVIEWING MENUS IN THE U.S. Menupages.com With approximately 25,000 restaurants across eight cities , MenuPages makes it easy to plan meals by type of food , neighborhood , price or random craving  bialys in Philly ?  . Caveat : Menus may be a bit stale ; 3,000 to 5,000 are updated per month . And , unlike at OpenTable , you ca n't book tables online . NABBING THE PERFECT SEAT Seatguru.com Preview seat maps including where to find the power outlets as well as that extra inch of legroom for 73 models of aircraft on 39 different airlines . Like most airlines these days , the site is no-frills , but you 'll never get stuck next to the bathroom again . DISHING WITH GLOBAL FOODIES Chowhound.com An obsessive community of feisty people around the world share secret finds . The site features interviews with experts , videos of local culinary customs  watch how to tie pancetta  , and blogs such as the newly launched Tasting Notes . CUSTOMIZING AN ITINERARY Homeandabroad.com Plan a trip to one of more than 90 destinations from start to finish . Along with all the basics  hotel , restaurant , and entertainment ideas  , get tips on what to read before you go . Caveat : They tend to overpack an average day with suggestions . Planning a Cruise Cruisecritic.com Research almost anything about 60 different cruise lines and gather advice on everything ship-related -- from buying travel insurance to using onboard slot machines . Caveat : Not a booking site , so prices usually are n't listed . Getting Around MAPPING ROUTES ON U.S. PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION Hopstop.com Decide on your transport of choice , as well as how far you 're willing to walk , and get point-to-point directions for five cities . Bonus features : You can see what the trip would cost by taxi and look at panoramic shots of what to expect when you emerge from underground . Plus , there 's a new small-screen version for phones and PDA 's . Caveat : There are no actual subway maps . DRIVING DIRECTIONS IN EUROPE Viamichelin.com Scan information on 4.4 million miles of road across 42 European countries . Maps feature pop-ups with descriptions and pictures of the desired destinations ; directions include estimates about what you 'll spend on gas ; they even tip you off to speed traps . Caveat : It requires an extra step to convert from kilometers . CREATING COMPREHENSIVE MAPS WORLDWIDE Maps.google.com Simple , clearly designed maps and driving instructions are just the beginning . The standout stuff : live feeds of traffic conditions and street views of major U.S. cities  only slightly creepy  ; addresses , phone numbers and Web sites for what you 're mapping . The Basics CONVERTING CURRENCY Xe.com 180 currencies from 250 places , updated every minute . The conversion application is easy to locate  unlike that of close competitor Oanda  , and you can bookmark go-to conversions . Caveat : Animations and flashing ads create a bit of sensory overload . FINDING RELIABLE WEATHER FORECASTS Weather.com A notch above AccuWeather and Weather Underground , 11-year-old Weather does the best job of delivering the essentials clearly . Get current conditions for 98,000 destinations worldwide , updated every 20 minutes . LEARNING ABOUT HEALTH AND SAFETY ABROAD Tripprep.com A comprehensive resource with recommended vaccinations , embassy listings and crime advisories for 204 countries .  Information is culled from the state departments of the U.S. , Canada , Australia and the U.K.  Also included : tips on local customs and transportation . Caveat : Incomplete listings of doctors abroad . Free registration required . 8 more to watch Vayama.com A booking engine that pulls prices from all international flights originating in the United States , including those of low-fare carriers . Yapta.com Tracks airfares after you book and will send an e-mail about a significant price drop , along with info about how to use little-known loopholes for a refund . Travelistic.com A compilation of on-the-ground travel videos  there were more than 4,100 at press time  from real people around the world . Meethalfway.com U.K.-based site , with a soon-to-launch U.S. version , that helps you find a geographic compromise . Seriouseats.com New York Times writer Ed Levine filters , compiles and analyzes all the juiciest global food news and opinions . Airtreks.com Helps you plan complicated multi-leg itineraries without the hassle and expense of one-off tickets . Dontforgetyourtoothbrush.com Create your own handy before-you-leave checklists . TheBathroomdiaries.com A seemingly silly , surprisingly useful resource reviewing 12,000 public bathrooms in 120 countries . E-mail to a friend Planning a beach getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to Affordable Beach Resorts . Copyright 2009 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Flycheapo is a great way to learn about low-fare carriers in Europe Farecast uses historic pricing data to help you decide when to book flights ViaMichelin provides information on 4.4 million miles of road across Europe
Moscow  CNN  -- Russian President Vladimir Putin has named a new target as global sparring over Ukraine grows : food . In a decree signed Wednesday , Putin banned food and agricultural imports from countries that have imposed sanctions against his country . The retaliatory move comes more than a week after the United States and European Union increased economic sanctions on Moscow for supporting pro-Russian separatists fighting Ukraine government forces in the eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk , along the border with Russia . A list of specific products and food bans is still being worked out by the Russian government , according to the decree , which describes the order as a special economic measure "  aimed at ensuring the security of the Russian Federation . " Russia is Europe 's largest importer in value of animals , meat , dairy products , fruits and vegetables , according to the European Union . And goods from the EU represent 16 % of all Russian imports , EU numbers show . Search for MH17 victims halted for now Putin said measures would be taken to prevent a jump in food prices in Russia . A senior U.S. administration official told CNN a ban in imports will only deepen Russia 's international isolation and work against the country 's own economic interest . "  Russia 's Central Bank yesterday pointed out that bans on imported food will push up Russia 's already high inflation rate , eroding the purchasing power of Russian citizens , " the official said . The United States insists that sanctions against Russian businesses and individuals are having and effect and already weakened Russia 's economy . "  Sanctions are working as intended in putting enormous pressure and strain on the Russian economy . ... The economy has ground to halt , " U.S. President Barack Obama told reporters on Wednesday . If Putin does n't push to resolve problems in eastern Ukraine through diplomacy and peaceful means , Obama said , "  he 's going to be hurting his economy and his own people over the long term . " But so far , Obama said , violence in Ukraine has n't stopped even as sanctions against Russia have increased . "  The issue is not resolved yet , " he said . ` You still have fighting in eastern Ukraine . Civilians are dying . " Russia has denied allegations that it 's supporting separatists in Ukraine and maintains that it wants to see a diplomatic solution to the crisis . But U.S. and Ukrainian officials have accused Russia of saying one thing while doing another -- building up troops along the border and continuing to send support to pro-Russian separatists . Several countries imposed sanctions on Moscow after Russia annexed Crimea in March , which escalated the Ukraine conflict following the ouster of pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych a month earlier . Since then , tensions have simmered and flared in Ukraine , with frequent battles between Ukraine government forces and pro-Russia separatists in the eastern part of the country . A new buildup of Russian troops along the Ukraine border raised concerns Tuesday that Moscow might be contemplating another intervention like the annexation of Crimea . According to a NATO official , Russia now has about 20,000 troops stationed "  in an area along the entire border with eastern Ukraine . " The buildup nearly doubled the troop deployment in the last week by adding 8,000 more forces to 12,000 already there , the official said . In addition , Russia 's Defense Ministry is staging a week of military exercises involving air troops and anti-missile defense forces . The exercises are taking place in Russia 's southern Astrakhan region , roughly 500 miles from the border with Ukraine . Similar military exercises in the region preceded the annexation of Crimea . U.S. , EU coordinate on Russia sanctions , but will they work ? Things to know about Russia and sanctions Russian troop increase at Ukraine border raises concerns CNN 's Susanna Capelouto and Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Phil Black reported from Moscow . CNN 's Jim Acosta , Isa Soares and journalist Olga Pavlova contribute to this report .	NEW : Sanctions are "  putting enormous pressure " on Russia 's economy , Obama says President Putin bans imports from countries that imposed sanctions on Russia Details of banned products still to be worked out Russia gets 16 % of all its imports from the European Union
TAMPA BAY , Florida  CNN  -- Judging by her proud expression as she left the parking lot in her 1991 Honda Accord for the first time , Jessica Ostrofsky could have been driving a brand new sports car . Susan Jacobs ' Wheels of Success program helps low-income workers get their own cars . "  I 'm so happy , " she said with a laugh . "  Having this -LSB- car -RSB- is going to change my life drastically because it 's going to make me totally independent . " Ostrofsky , 31 , a single mother of three , had been leaving her house before dawn -- toting a stroller , car seat , diaper bag and purse -- to catch a bus . She would go first to her children 's baby sitter and then to work . The trip took up to three hours . But on Labor Day , the St. Petersburg , Florida , resident and 19 others received their own cars , thanks to Susan Jacobs ' Wheels of Success program . Since 2003 , Wheels of Success has refurbished 280 donated cars for low-income individuals and families and helped another 280 clients with vehicle-related services . "  Receiving ... the car is more than just the car , " said Jacobs . "  People literally see how it 's going to change their life " by knocking down an obstacle that had gotten in their way due to lack of transportation . Jacobs would know . The 59-year-old Tampa resident lost access to reliable transportation more than a decade ago when she ended a relationship and left her car behind . While staying with a friend who lived far from a bus line and across town from Jacobs ' evening job , she had to hitch rides to work . That did not last long , Jacobs said , thanks to a used car dealership owner who loaned Jacobs three clunkers while she saved the money to buy her own car . But soon she saw others in a similar predicament . In 2000 , as the manager of a staffing agency , Jacobs was struck by the high number of clients who lost jobs in which her office had placed them because they could n't always get there . Others turned down positions and promotions because limited public transportation kept them from early or late shifts . Jacobs was laid off from her job at the staffing firm in 2001 and turned it into an opportunity to figure out how to "  keep working families working . " She founded Wheels of Success in 2003 with two donated cars . The organization gives low-cost , donated and refurbished vehicles to qualified full-time workers or those with job offers . Employers or social service agencies refer the applicants to the group . Once they receive their vehicles , they must make low monthly payments based on their personal budgets . Those contributions average $ 40 and go toward repairing cars for other recipients . "  These are used cars . They 're not going to last forever , " said Jacobs . "  What I tell people is , ` This probably is n't your dream car , but hopefully it 's going to get you to your dream . ' " Jacobs ' group is able to restore donated clunkers to roadworthy operation by partnering with local companies and corporations that help provide auto body work at significantly discounted rates . Wheels of Success cars come with a free , one-year membership to the American Automobile Association . The organization also helps clients with ongoing repair , licensing , insurance and replacement of a car when it dies . Watch how Jacobs and her group provide working wheels for families " Clients are required to complete a car maintenance class and donate three volunteer hours to Wheels of Success per month . This helps the group serve more clients and gives each recipient the ability to "  pay it forward , " said Jacobs . On any given day , Jacobs reports about 100 qualified recipients on the waiting list for vehicles . About 60 new requests come in every other month . "  We would like nothing better than for there not to be a need for us , " she said . "  But that is n't realistic in the near future and might not be realistic even long-term for people who have three children and day care . " And recipients agree . "  Susan Jacobs is actually saving my life -LSB- because -RSB- she 's saving my job , " said Ostrofsky , who had been consistently late arriving to work because of the inconsistency of her bus 's arrival . "  In turn , she saves my apartment and saves me taking care of my children . " Watch Ostrofsky receive her Wheels of Success car " For Jacobs , seeing the results of her work inspires her . "  I love what I do , " she said . "  My life has made a difference . " Want to get involved ? Check out Wheels of Success and see how to help .	Susan Jacobs created Wheels of Success to help low-income workers get cars The organization gives donated , refurbished vehicles to qualified applicants Lack of transportation often gets in the way of people making a living , Jacobs says The top 10 CNN Heroes will be announced on October 1
Washington  CNN  -- A U.S. district judge granted a preliminary injunction Monday to stop federal funding of embryonic stem cell research that he said destroys embryos , ruling it went against the will of Congress . The ruling by Judge Royce C. Lamberth was a blow to the Obama administration , which last year issued guidelines to allow federal funding for embryonic stem cell research . Lamberth 's ruling said all embryonic stem cell research involves destroying embryos , which violates the Dickey-Wicker Amendment included in federal spending bills . "  The Dickey-Wicker Amendment unambiguously prohibits the use of federal funds for all research in which a human embryo is destroyed , " said the ruling by Lamberth , who was nominated to the federal bench by then-President Ronald Reagan in 1987 . "  It is not limited to prohibit federal funding of only the ` piece of research ' in which an embryo is destroyed . Thus , if ESC -LSB- embryonic stem cell -RSB- research is research in which an embryo is destroyed , the guidelines , by funding ESC research , violate the Dickey-Wicker Amendment . " President Barack Obama signed an executive order in March 2009 that repealed a Bush-era policy limiting federal dollars for human stem cell research . Obama 's act permitted the National Institutes of Health to conduct and fund studies on embryonic stem cells . Monday 's ruling involved a lawsuit against the National Health Institute filed by researchers opposed to use of embryonic stem cells , a group that seeks adoptive parents for human embryos created through in vitro fertilization , the non-profit Christian Medical Association and others . The ruling stops the federal funding of embryonic stem cell research while the lawsuit proceeds through the legal system . The government can appeal the injunction , and a Justice Department spokeswoman , Tracy Schmaler , said the decision was being reviewed . The field of embryonic stem cells has been highly controversial because the research process involves destroying the embryo , typically four or five days old , after removing stem cells . These cells are then blank and can become any cell in the body . Embryonic stem cell research differs from other kinds of stem cell research , which do n't require embryos . Some scientists believe embryonic stem cells could help treat many diseases and disabilities , because of their potential to develop into many different cell types in the body . While some advocates praised the executive order as a giant step forward for medical research , conservatives groups objected , contending that the destruction of human embryos ends human life . Ron Stoddart , executive director of Nightlight Christian Adoptions -- one of the groups that filed the lawsuit -- said he supported adult stem cell research that does n't require destroying embryos . "  Frequently people will say why are you opposed to stem cell research and of course are answer is , we 're not , " Stoddart said . "  We 're opposed to the destruction of the embryos to get embryo stem cells . " In a statement Monday , the Coalition for the Advancement of Medical Research said it was disappointed by the injunction granted "  in response to the latest maneuver by an ideologically driven fringe group . " "  We have full confidence that the extensive , deliberative process that shaped federal guidelines now in place will be upheld upon further review , " the group 's statement said . CNN 's Shelby Lin Erdman contributed to this story .	NEW : No word on possible government appeal as the lawsuit proceeds A judge rules government guidelines go against the will of Congress Embryonic stem cell research involves destroying embryos , the judge says Congress prohibits federal funding for research that destroys embryos
CNN  -- Despite some high-profile bombings in recent days , Iraq 's security forces are ready to take over for U.S. forces this week to stabilize the nation 's major cities , the U.S. commander in Iraq told CNN on Sunday . Except for soldiers in advisory roles , all U.S. combat troops will leave Iraqi cities and towns by June 30 . Army Gen. Ray Odierno said he 's seen a "  constant improvement " in both the security situation and governance in Iraq to prepare for the June 30 deadline for U.S. troops to withdraw from major cities . "  They 've been working for this for a long time , " Odierno said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " In a separate interview on "  Fox News Sunday , " Odierno said all U.S. troops already were out of Iraq 's major cities before Tuesday 's deadline . "  We have already moved out of the cities , " Odierno said . "  We 've been slowly doing it over the last eight months . And the final units have moved out of the cities over the last several weeks . " Watch CNN 's Michael Ware on the U.S. withdrawal " The shift is part of the security agreement that former President George W. Bush 's administration signed with Iraq . In the CNN interview , Odierno blamed the recent violence in Iraq on "  extremist elements using the timeframe and date to gain attention to themselves and divert attention from the success of Iraqi security forces . " The 131,000 U.S. troops in Iraq still will "  maintain full coordination with Iraqi forces inside the cities " and continue to have intelligence capacity , Odierno said . With approval from the Iraqis , they also will carry out operations in major cities as necessary , he said . Odierno said his goal is to help provide security that allows Iraq to hold planned national elections leading to the eventual removal of all U.S. troops by the end of 2011 . He said his biggest worry is a breakdown in stability such as a "  consistent increase in violence " or a situation that Iraqi forces ca n't handle . "  I do n't see that " happening , Odierno said . "  I think we 're on the right path . " Odierno also said Iran continues to "  interfere " in Iraq , including training insurgents and paying surrogates . But he said his mission is limited to providing security within Iraq , no matter the provocation from Iran or elsewhere . "  I 'm not authorized to do anything outside the borders of Iraq , " he said . Iran 's government has repeatedly denied fomenting violence inside Iraq .	Gen. Ray Odierno sees "  constant improvement " in security , governance in Iraq Iran continues to "  interfere " in Iraq , Odierno says Iranian government repeatedly denies instigating violence inside Iraq
CNN  -- For most of my life , I 've had a relationship with Iran , mostly good , but which included a long period in which Iran hurt me and other foreign service officers greatly . I was the press attachÃ © at the United States Embassy in Teheran in 1979 , and one of 52 Americans held hostage for 444 days during the Iranian Revolution . I can not forgive the youthful Iranians who imprisoned us and the regime that legitimized their cruelty , but I try to be as objective as possible as an observer of Iran 's situation today . Let 's be frank . Iran 's intransigence with its nuclear intentions and the West 's efforts , led by the United States , to undermine Iran 's economy and , perhaps , its legitimacy , are moving both sides further from a war of words and closer to a hot war . This war would easily draw in Israel , and perhaps even some of the Arab nations that are showing their Islamist side since the "  Arab Spring . " It could well close the Strait of Hormuz and the drive the price of oil to impossible highs , prolonging a worldwide economic funk . And it would once again put the United States front and center in a third protracted war since 2001 . But , let 's not jump to conclusions that war is inevitable or react reflexively to Iran 's saber-rattling , the way some of the Republican presidential candidates have been doing to score points on the campaign trail . They seem to think that this war would be surgical and quick . That 's the same bad thinking that got us into Iraq . I 'd rather step back a moment and focus on Iran 's strained domestic political situation as the real reason for its confrontation with the U.S. and the West . While I do n't want to sound like an apologist for the authoritarian Islamic Republic , I also do n't want us to be naÃ ¯ ve about what 's driving Iranian intentions . First , Iran 's "  civilian " nuclear program reaches back to the pre-revolutionary days of the Shah of Iran , and there is no proof , whether from the International Atomic Energy Agency or the U.S. , that Iran is actually building a bomb . Second , it 's widely reported that Iran 's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei and President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad are in open conflict today , not only politically but also theologically . While this rift is esoteric to Westerners , Tehran takes it very seriously . It comes down to Ahmadinejad trying to change the entire foundation of Iran 's theological-political infrastructure by asserting that he , not Khamenei , has a direct relationship with the Shi'ite Mahdi , or messiah . Khamenei has responded by condemning Ahmadinejad and his followers as the "  deviant stream . " Since May 2011 , this domestic conflict has shaken the regime 's stability . It may have much to do with Tehran 's flailing foreign policy as the sanctions do . The regime also has its hands full with upcoming parliamentary elections in March . It likes to say that the elections are both a model and inspiration for the new surge of democracy in the Arab world . It also sees these elections as a test of legitimacy . Remember , only two years ago , Iran was convulsed with a popular uprising that opposed the outcome of presidential elections . The reform movement was brutally crushed by the regime thugs . Major reformist leaders are still under house arrest . Whether the regime is able to market itself to its neighbors as a legitimate source of a Middle East revival is rather doubtful . More importantly , reformists have loudly and clearly stated that they are not going to participate in a rigged election . This will be the first time since the beginning of the Islamic Republic that any part of the electorate has bolted from the system . Khamenei must see this reformist move as a profound crack in his authority and to the regime 's legitimacy . Finally , there are more domestic disasters . While Iranians of all political stripes see a nuclear program as a national status symbol , they are paying a dear price for it . The sanctions are truly hurting the average Iranian . The hardships include high unemployment , inflation and commodity shortages . Last week , Iran 's currency fell to a new low against the dollar . This situation is not going to endear the regime to the electorate . Can we move away from the precipice of war ? I think so . Congress members should get out of the public relations business and stop making pronouncements about Iran that are simplistic and belligerent . It makes any chance of a negotiated settlement even more difficult . The U.S. Navy 's rescue of 13 Iranian fishermen from pirates in the North Arabian Sea was a surprising and awkward moment , and a chance for both sides to step back and breathe a little . But the startling news that Iran 's Revolutionary Court had sentenced an American , Amir Mirzaei Hekmati , to death , charging him with spying for the Central Intelligence Agency , says that Iran , once again , is up to the task of seeking revenge against the U.S. . We need to find a real structure for diplomacy to calm these new levels of tension . Just as Qatar is hosting a political office for the Taliban in an attempt to open direct talks to an end the Afghan war , a regional approach to Iran may help . Qatar has become the dynamic center within the Arab League and has been a respected go-between . Yes , it has close relations with the United States and hosts the headquarters of the U.S. Central Command , but its prime minister , Al-Thani , was not timid when he said in 2006 , "  Qatar talks to Iran as an equal , and this is important . " The Gulf Cooperation Council could play a greater role in softening Iran 's relationship with the Sunni Arab world by drawing it closer to its regional neighbors , as well as serving as a liaison between Iran and the West . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those off Barry Rosen .	Barry Rosen , a former hostage in Iran , says war of words is turning into threat of war He says despite saber-rattling and comments by GOP candidates , war not inevitable He says regime flailing due to internal tensions , hard-hit economy , upcoming elections Rosen : Intermediaries like Qatar could provide structure for diplomacy to calm tensions
Financial Times  -- Prime minister Manmohan Singh faces a growing political storm over how to measure poverty in India amid fears that new benchmarks proposed by a powerful policymaking body could see many of the country 's poor lose their welfare benefits . The poverty line estimates in India , traditionally worked out by calorie intake , are highly sensitive because as many as 400m Indians live on less than $ 2 a day . Those below the poverty line are entitled to subsidised food and other welfare payments . But new benchmarks by the Planning Commission , submitted in an affidavit to the Supreme Court as part of new food security legislation , suggest that a person living on more than Rs32  $ 0.64  a day in urban areas , like New Delhi and Mumbai , would no longer be classified as being below the poverty line . The threshold for rural areas would be Rs26 a day . By comparison , the World Bank 's poverty line is $ 1.25 a day . India is now home to more poor people than the entire sub-Saharan Africa region . Two years ago , a government appointed commission estimated that one in three Indians live below the poverty line . The commission 's estimate was higher than an earlier Planning Commission estimate of 28 per cent of the population . But Montek Singh Ahluwalia , the respected economist who is now the Planning Commission 's deputy chairman , has argued that up-to-date data will show that India has made considerable progress in reducing poverty levels . The proposed new benchmarks have angered leaders across India 's political spectrum . They have also opened India 's two most respected government economists -- Mr Singh and Mr Ahluwalia -- up to criticism that they are out of touch with the poor in India , who are struggling with the highest inflation of any large emerging market . Yashwant Sinha , a former finance minister and Bharatiya Janata party leader , lambasted poverty threshold estimates put forward by the Planning Commission as "  laughable " . Mr Sinha derided the body 's calculations as having exposed Mr Singh , who cuts an increasingly solitary figure in his cabinet after a year battling high profile scandals , as insensitive to what was "  a matter of life and death " for many people and the cause of violence across India . "  Neither the prime minister nor the deputy chairman of the Planning Commission has any real idea of poverty . They rarely go to the villages and interact with the poor , " Mr Sinha said . The benchmarks have also divided the Planning Commission itself . A senior member of the commission told the Financial Times that the poverty line figures should not have been included in the affidavit . He said the government had to do better on how it communicated economic policy to the country 's 1.2 bn people . "  I would n't have put these numbers in , " he said . "  You ca n't -LSB- as an economic planner in India -RSB- get on your high horse of economic rationalism . " Senior Congress party ministers have also raised objections . Jairam Ramesh , the minister for rural development and a close ally of Congress party president Sonia Gandhi , has written to Mr Ahluwalia asking him to consider alternative measurements and warning of possible confrontation . A.K. Shivakumar , a member of the National Advisory Council chaired by Mrs Gandhi , said Rs32 a day went nowhere in India 's fast-growing cities where rents are high and food inflation in double digits . © The Financial Times Limited 2011	Indian prime minister faces a growing political storm over how to measure poverty Proposed policy changes may lead to many of India 's poor losing their benefits India is home to more poor people than the entire sub-Saharan Africa region
CNN  The New York Times ' media columnist David Carr died from complications from lung cancer and heart disease , an autopsy revealed . "  The manner of death is natural , " Julie Bolcer , a spokeswoman for the medical examiner , said Saturday . Carr , 58 , died Thursday after he collapsed at The Times office in Manhattan . Shortly before his death , he had moderated a discussion about the film "  Citizenfour . " Carr was "  one of the most gifted journalists " to ever work at the newspaper , said Arthur Sulzberger Jr. , publisher of The Times . The veteran journalist wrote the weekly "  Media Equation " column for the newspaper . His writing style was conversational , analytic and peppered with humor . A reporter 's reporter , Carr did n't just write about journalism -- he practiced it , taking on media heavyweights with in-depth pieces that exposed wrongdoing . Before joining The Times , he worked for The Atlantic Monthly and New York magazine . But he made his name in the punchy world of alt weeklies -- first as editor of the The Twin Cities Reader , and later the Washington City Paper . He specialized in culture coverage , writing about music , television and film with ease . In 2008 , Carr published "  The Night of the Gun , " a memoir chronicling his struggle with addiction and subsequent recovery . The account was brutally honest , tracing his journey from troubled drug user to loving family man and successful professional . In one passage , he describes a night spent at a Minneapolis home of his then-girlfriend and dope dealer . Trapped in a "  drug-induced paranoia , " he narrowly escapes arrest when police officers arrive in the neighborhood . Years later , Carr returned to the house . "  Sitting there in a suit with a nice job in a city far away and those twins on their way to college , I almost would have thought I 'd made it up , " he wrote . "  But I do n't think I did . " Carr won plaudits for the book , which he reported over the course of two years . "  David was one of the most generous men I 've ever known , " CNN 's Brian Stelter said . Carr and Stelter worked together at The Times for six years and appeared together in the 2011 documentary "  Page One : Inside The New York Times . " "  David mentored and nurtured countless journalists , and I was so lucky to be one of them , " Stelter said . "  I loved him like a father , and he treated me like a son . " Opinion : David Carr , we 'll miss you CNN 's Renee Wunderlich contributed to this report .	Carr , 58 , died Thursday after he collapsed at The Times ' office in Manhattan Shortly before his death , he had moderated a film discussion
Oprah.com  -- Prop stylist Elizabeth Press traces her gift-wrapping prowess to her mother , whose creative , budget-conscious ideas -- like wrapping boxes with painted newspaper comics , pasting gift certificates inside hollowed-out books , and making decorative stamps out of eraser carvings -- proved that a little thoughtfulness goes a long way . "  She really understood presentation , " Press says . "  Her creativity could turn even inexpensive gifts into something fabulous . " Now Press has her own cost-saving tricks . To achieve a chic , monochromatic effect , she says , "  let leftovers be your guide . " If you have lime-colored ribbon from Easter , use green paper . And forget traditional holiday color combinations : Pair pink with red , yellow with gold . 1 . Keep it monochromatic Combining any two shades of the same color "  is a straightforward scheme that looks really modern , " says Press . FYI : Matte , solid-color papers tend to cost less . Oprah.com : How to personalize your gift wrap 2 . Add nontraditional accents Unexpected finishing touches are likely sitting idle in your drawers and closets . Instead of tying a bow , use cord to attach an ornament or dreidel ; pin a brooch or faux flower onto ribbon ; top children 's gifts with chocolate coins or a glued-on toy . Press particularly loves to decorate with alphabet stamps , spelling out the recipient 's name or initials , because "  they instantly make a present feel personalized . " How to make your own stamps What you 'll need : 1 . A rubber eraser  at least two inches wide  or a large potato sliced in half widthwise . 2 . A marker to draw a simple shape on the eraser or sliced potato . 3 . An X-Acto knife to carve away the eraser  or a kitchen knife for the potato  , leaving the raised shape . 4 . Water-based paint -- or a leftover can of acrylic wall paint , diluted in a bowl . Brush the paint onto your carving , test it on scrap paper , and stamp up your ribbon , paper , etc. , in random patterns . "  The idea is for it to look fun and homemade , not perfect , " stresses Press . Oprah.com : How to tie a bow 3 . Think outside the white cardboard box Pick up colorful , inexpensive containers from stores like Pier 1 , or use Chinese-takeout cartons from a party store  perfect for cookies and candy ,  tea towels or scarves  ideal for wine bottles and other odd-shaped offerings ,  and ID-badge sleeves  fun holders for gift cards . "  You do n't need wrapping paper if you have pretty fabric or containers , " Press says . 4 . Focus on the bows For about $ 50 at stores like Staples , you can buy hundreds of feet  years ' worth !  of kraft paper . Use it for all your presents , then dress them up with colorful ribbons . Classic hangtags give an old-fashioned "  special delivery ! " effect . 5 . Personalize your paper Use a printer to make unique backdrops : a color photo of you with the gift recipient , a Googled image of an Impressionist painting , a vintage map . "  It takes relatively little effort , " says Press , "  but it 's the icing on the cake . " Oprah.com : Find the perfect gift for everyone on your list Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Elizabeth Press advises spelling out the recipient 's name or initials with alphabet stamps Instead of tying a bow , attach an ornament or pin a brooch or faux flower onto ribbon Make backdrops to personalize your paper , like printing a photo of you with the recipient
CNN  -- China 's President Xi Jinping will have plenty to discuss with his Russian host and counterpart Vladimir Putin when they meet on the sidelines of the G-20 leaders ' summit in St. Petersburg this week , as relations between the former foes grow cozier . The hot issue is clearly Syria , where China and Russia strongly oppose any U.S.-led military intervention against President Bashar al-Assad 's government in Damascus over its apparent use of chemical weapons . Both urge restraint and call for a political solution -- much to Washington 's consternation . Xi , who calls the Sino-Russian relationship the "  best " among major countries , says they will always be good neighbors who aspire to "  never be enemies . " China is a major buyer of Russian weaponry and the two countries held their biggest joint naval exercise in the Sea of Japan in July this year . Obama-Putin will have chance to talk on ` margins ' of G-20 summit The two countries also enjoy a growing trade relationship , expected to be worth $ 100 billion by 2015 , that is based heavily on China buying Russian energy exports such as oil and gas . As part of this energy trade , both sides see investment opportunities in Arctic and Russian Far East resources development , and in the related advancement of pipeline infrastructure and maritime transport links such as the Northern Sea Route through Arctic waters . Putin has made it clear that he wants to see this energy trade grow even more vigorously , and has given strong backing to the various oil and gas deals struck so far by Russian-state owned energy companies Rosneft and Gazprom with China National Petroleum Corporation  CNPC  . The Russian non-state company Novatek also has a deal with CNPC involving development of the vast Yamal Liquefied Natural Gas  LNG  project in northwest Siberia . Snowden factor In contrast , relations between the United States and Moscow are increasingly frosty over issues such as missile defense , trade , human rights and the status of former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden , who has taken refuge in Russia after releasing details of U.S. surveillance programs . Opinion : Snowden asylum a blow to U.S.-Russian relations More recently the crisis in Syria has heightened the rift between Washington and Moscow , with Putin rejecting claims by U.S. intelligence agencies that President Bashar al-Assad used chemical weapons against his own citizens . While China is Syria 's biggest source of manufactured goods , it is Russia that supplies most of the military equipment used by the Syrian armed forces and has been its most steadfast ally . Putin maintains that the G-20 summit is a good forum to discuss Syria . But earlier this month , Washington decided to cancel a planned Obama-Putin one-on-one meeting in St. Petersburg scheduled for this week . The two leaders last met at the G-8 summit in Ireland in June . Russia Xi 's first priority ? When Xi officially became China 's president in March this year , his first overseas trip was to Russia . During the visit , he described ties between China and Russia as among the most important in the world and said "  it is also the best relationship between major countries . " According to Xi , China and Russia held "  similar or identical positions on key international and regional issues . " For his part , Putin responded that Xi 's visit would strengthen the strategic nature of their relationship . But things have n't always been so rosy in the post-war era . An ideological split between the two Communist powers in 1960 saw relations cool to the point where they fought a border war in 1969 . Ties were further strained by China 's brief invasion of Russian ally Vietnam in 1979 -- though relations have warmed considerably since the breakup of the Soviet Union and formation of the Russian Federation in 1991 . Even today , with energy sales to China being such a key contributor to Russia 's national budget , there is always the potential for friction . Price has been one stumbling block , while the growing energy ambitions of the former Soviet republics in Central Asia also come into calculations over pipeline routes . Kazakhstan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan , for example , are already significant suppliers of Caspian oil and gas to China via pipelines that connect to its far-western Xinjiang province in the west . Russian oil from western Siberia also flows through the Kazakhstan pipeline to China . Significantly , Xi will combine his trip to Russia for the G-20 summit with state visits to Kazakhstan , Turkmenistan , Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan later this month . Obama 's Asia ` pivot ' When it comes to China-U.S. relations , Xi so far has shown an outgoing style in pursuing what he calls the great Chinese dream of national renewal . He and Obama met as presidents for the first time at Sunnyland estate in California in June this year . While the atmosphere was relaxed at their informal get-together , Xi clearly wanted the U.S.-China dynamic to change . "  We need to think creatively and act energetically , " he said , "  so that working together we can build a new model of a major country relationship . " Xi wants the U.S. to acknowledge China 's emergence as a world power , not just in economic terms , but strategically as well . Xi 's goal is to convince the U.S. that the days of American strategic primacy in the Asia-Pacific region are coming to an end , and that Obama 's military "  pivot to Asia " looks to some in Beijing as a policy of containment . Obama , who is likely to have a special meeting with Xi on the G-20 sidelines later this week to continue their discussions on North Korea , cyber-security , human rights , climate change and bilateral trade and investment , has already gone some way to accommodating China 's ambitions , notwithstanding the Asia "  pivot . " Hosting Xi in California three months ago , Obama said it was inevitable that there were areas of tension between the two countries . "  But what I 've learned over the last four years is both the Chinese people and the American people want a strong , cooperative relationship , " Obama said . This week 's G-20 is another opportunity to see how well the two sides can nurture that relationship , particularly when Syria looms as a major point of difference .	China and Russia have signed energy deals , conducted joint naval exercises Presidents Xi Jinping and Vladimir Putin have hailed Sino-Russian relations Both countries are opposed to military intervention in Syria Relations between China , Russia and Washington have been strained in recent months
CNN  European airlines beware : Eurostar , the high-speed train company connecting London with Brussels and Paris , has just upped its game . On Thursday , the company unveiled its new e320 train at London 's St. Pancras Station . The new train will go into commercial service at the end of 2015 . The e320 is named for its max speed -- 320 kilometers per hour  200 mph  . "  Over the last twenty years , we have led the way in cross-Channel high speed rail travel , cementing the link between the UK and mainland Europe , " said Nicolas Petrovic , chief executive of Eurostar , in a statement to the press . While airplane passengers increasingly have to endure shrinking legroom , the new Eurostar trains have been built to be roomy . The ergonomically-designed reclining seats are wider , and each comes with its own USB socket and touch sensitive light controls . "  The combination of bold design , chic interiors and wi-fi connectivity will raise the bar , providing an unprecedented level of style and comfort for our customers , " added Petrovic . Other on-board perks include a 20 % increase in capacity per train  seven trains will join the fleet next year  , free wi-fi , and increased luggage areas . The design comes courtesy of Pininfarina , the Italian design studio that has worked with the likes of Ferrari and Maserati . The new design was unveiled to coincide with Eurostar 's 20-year anniversary . During that time , the company has served over 150 million customers , though Petrovic believes that 's just the tip of the iceberg . Next year , Eurostar also plans to expand its network to include direct service to Provence , with stops in Lyon , Avignon and Marseille , followed by the launch of a direct route to Amsterdam in 2016 .	Eurostar unveiled its new e320 train on Thursday The trains will go into commercial service next year Each seat will have more legroom and individual plug sockets
London  CNN  -- The dust may only just have settled in Tunisia after the Jasmine Revolution , but that has not stopped the launch of a highly provocative marketing campaign designed to entice British and French holidaymakers to the country . Adverts humoring the historic events of just a few months ago -- in which at least 300 people were killed according to the U.N. , and which unleashed a wave of pro-democracy movements across the Middle East -- have sprung up on London 's famous red double-decker buses and Paris metro stations . One of the adverts shows a woman being massaged next to the words : "  They say that in Tunisia some people receive heavy-handed treatment . " In another one , ancient Roman ruins are juxtaposed alongside this caption : "  They say Tunisia is nothing but ruins . " The company behind the campaign , Memac Ogilvy , defended using the recent revolution in a humorous context . Nicolas Courant , creative director of Memac Ogilvy in Tunis , said : "  We wanted to create a debate , it is a way to drive awareness ... there is a perception in Europe of there still being a security problem in Tunisia . "  We wanted to do something with our Tunisian humor , it is a nice way to show how things have changed ... it is OK to live here , we are living here . " Income from tourism is a significant part of the Tunisian economy but slumped during the uprising . Visitor numbers are slowly recovering , according to figures from the Tunisian National Tourist Office in London , but they are still expected to be 50 % down on 2010 , says Mehdi Houas , the Tunisian Trade and Tourism Minister . Tourist numbers for 2011 are expected to fall to 3.5 million . That 's in contrast to 7 million in 2010 , who brought in $ 2.55 billion in revenues . "  It 's been terrible . The only sector affected was tourism , and of course  related  work . But it 's terrible for the economy as a whole because it 's 50 % of our foreign exchange , " Houas told Reuters.com Protests against the former president Zine el Abidine Ben Ali -- who had ruled Tunisia since 1987 -- began to erupt late last year . Fed up with corruption , unemployment and escalating prices of food , people began demonstrating en masse after the self-immolation suicide of a fruit cart vendor in December . The revolt led to Ben Ali 's ouster and triggered a wave of protests against longtime rulers across North Africa and the Middle East . Ben Ali will be tried in absentia next week , the country 's interim prime minister said Tuesday . He has said he is a victim of "  injustice " and denies allegations he has improper bank accounts or property holdings outside of Tunisia . The former leader called various charges against him "  nothing but a masquerade with the only purpose of illustrating a symbolic break with the past . "	Nicolas Courant : "  We wanted to create a debate , it is a way to drive awareness . " At least 300 people were killed and 700 injured during the uprising , according to the U.N. 7 million people visited Tunisia in 2010 , says Tunisian tourism minister
CNN  -- In February 2009 , President Barack Obama gave this stern warning to bailed-out banks : "  You are not going to be able to give out these big bonuses until you 've paid taxpayers back , " Obama said at a town hall meeting . "  You ca n't get corporate jets , you ca n't go take a trip to Las Vegas or go down to the Super Bowl on the taxpayers ' dime . " He should have added : " ... unless you work for the federal government . " Twenty months later , as we all now know , a government agency called the General Services Administration rolled into Vegas on $ 822,000 worth of taxpayers ' dimes so that 300 federal employees could enjoy a luxury spa , a clown show and a mind-reader , among other "  over the top " entertainments at a regional training conference . The revelation , unearthed by an internal inspector general , has resulted in two senior-level firings and the resignation of GSA chief Martha Johnson , while triggering the usual amount of political japery in Washington . But it 's worth lingering on the contrast between this incident and Obama 's original bank target . The bailed-out bank that had been planning to send its most valuable employees to Vegas -- as it had been doing for years -- was Wells Fargo . One fact largely overlooked in the national shaming campaign that proved effective enough to derail the trip was that Wells Fargo did n't want the bailout . Or at least said it did n't when then-Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson summoned the nation 's top nine private bankers to Washington on October 13 , 2008 . Here 's how Time magazine described the scene : " -LSB- T -RSB- he nine bank bosses , assembled in the Treasury 's imposing boardroom , were each handed a piece of paper with the terms : $ 25 billion of preferred shares each from Citigroup , JPMorgan Chase , Wells Fargo and Bank of America . In return for the capital , the U.S. would collect a 5 % dividend in the first five years . Although Wells Fargo chairman Richard Kovacevich resisted , Paulson gave the bankers no choice . " Newsweek 's Michael Hirsh put it even more explicitly , and presciently : "  Richard Kovacevich had a point . Why should his company , Wells Fargo , sign its freedom  and his compensation  away to the U.S. Treasury when , unlike many other banks , it had n't overloaded itself with risky , mortgage-backed securities ? The Wells Fargo chairman eventually agreed Monday to Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson 's capital injection plan -- it was , frankly , an offer he could n't refuse -- but Kovacevich 's objections still resonate . Amid the continuing market turmoil , there is a sense that all of us are being asked to assume collective guilt for the large , but still identifiable , group of rogues and villains who got us into this mess . And then we 're supposed to just forget about it . " A funny thing about collective shame -- we are happy to administer it on CEOs who get their arms twisted by the feds , yet we shy away from applying it to one of the only truly collective entities we have : taxpayer-funded government . We love to bash Goldman Sachs for trading exotic mortgage-backed derivatives , but we are far less likely to even point out that the government-sponsored enterprises Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were trailblazers on the derivatives-trading fronts . It should n't be surprising in this climate that federal employees would assume they get to play under different ethical rules and public scrutiny than fat-cat bankers . After all , Senate Majority Whip Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , said last month that discretionary spending has been cut "  to the limit , " and Obama just this week thundered that the House GOP 's recently proposed budget -- which , by the way , increases spending from $ 3.5 trillion to $ 4.9 trillion over the next decade -- amounts to "  social Darwinism " that deliberately guts the middle class . And let 's not forget what the GSA does : As The New York Times puts it , the agency is "  essentially the government 's personal shopper for big-ticket items , like buying and leasing buildings and cars . " These are precisely the people tasked with making sure taxpayer dollars are spent most wisely . We have a federal government on autopilot , borrowing 40 cents on every dollar , after a decade-plus bipartisan spending binge that has doubled the budget in nominal terms . Washington is a boomtown , gentrifying rapidly as the rest of the country eagerly awaits the appearance of green shoots . The surprise is n't that a federal agency went wild , or even that it got caught . What remains a genuine stumper is that the rest of the country has n't quite figured out that the real Sin City has relocated 2,500 miles east . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matt Welch .	Matt Welch says Obama told bailed-out banks in 2009 to curb corporate junket spending He says $ 822,000 GSA junket shows our lecturing government guilty of same thing He says we like to shame bankers even as Washington wastes , overspends Welch : Vegas junket not as surprising as Americans not seeing real Sin City is D.C.
CNN  -- After a harsh winter for much of the United States , you 're probably more than ready for spring . And if you 're looking for a way to welcome the season of flowers , the National Cherry Blossom Festival is a good place to start . The annual Washington festival started Wednesday , the first day of spring , and runs through April 14 . The peak bloom time for the cherry trees is expected in early April . Arabella Bowen , executive editorial director for Fodor 's Travel , recommends these seven ways to experience the more than 3,000 cherry trees in bloom : Arrival of spring deserves its own parade The National Cherry Blossom Festival Parade runs along Constitution Avenue  from 7th to 17th streets N.W.  from 10 a.m. to noon April 13 . The parade will feature celebrity performances , giant helium balloons , colorful floats and marching bands from across the country . Grandstand seating can be purchased for $ 20 , and there is no cost for viewing along the parade route . Celebrate the culture of Japan Also on April 13 , Sakura Matsuri , a Japanese street festival , runs nearly a mile through downtown Washington and features traditional and Japanese pop musical performances , an arts and culture section , martial arts demonstrations and Japanese products , plus more than two dozen food vendors and two Kirin Ichiban beer gardens . These events make a nice addition to a day spent enjoying the blossoming trees , which were a gift from Tokyo more than 100 years ago . Cruise the blooms Relax and tour the cherry blossoms by boat on the Potomac River . Enjoy a lunch cruise for $ 57 or a dinner cruise for $ 107 with Spirit Cruises , or just go for a 45-minute sightseeing cruise on the Capital Elite yacht for $ 26 . Capture the perfect shot Take your best shot with a cherry blossom photo safari . Washington Photo Safari offers sunrise and afternoon tours at the Tidal Basin for $ 69 . The sunrise tours meet at 6:15 a.m. , but "  remember that great art is only produced through suffering , " the company 's website says . Washington Photo Safari also offers a photo excursion that includes a boat tour along the Washington Channel into the Potomac River for $ 89 . Stroll under the blossoms Take a walking tour of your own around the Tidal Basin as signs along the way highlight facts and history of the trees . Use the Tidal Basin Cherry Tree Location Map as a guide , with names and descriptions of the tree types . Fly a kite The Blossom Kite Festival , from 10 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. March 30 on the Washington Monument grounds , showcases kite ballets and demonstrations by pros , but it also gives kids and families a chance to build and fly their own kites . Check out the Hot Tricks Showdown and the Rokkaku Battle on the competition field or learn to fly your own kite at noon on the family field . Cherry-pick a hotel that 's also in bloom Many hotel operators have blossom-themed packages . Kimpton Hotels ' "  Blossoms & Bubbles " package offers blossom-inspired perks such as handcrafted cherry blossom soap , a $ 30 credit per day for dining or parking , and bubbles at check-in for kids . Plus , guests can sip complimentary sake at the evening wine hour from 5 to 6 p.m. . The package is available at Kimpton 's 11 Washington and northern Virginia hotels . Starting rates range from $ 135 to $ 185 per night . Washington 's Willard InterContinental is known for its live cherry blossom display during the festival . The Willard 's Very Cherry Blossom Package for two is available through April 14 , and includes valet parking , breakfast for two and two Old Town Trolley tour tickets . The package price per room starts at $ 409 per night , based upon availability .	Washington 's National Cherry Blossom Festival runs through April 14 Enjoy the blossoms with boat tours , photography safaris and Japan-inspired events Hotels get in on the season with blossom-themed offers
CNN  -- On the outskirts of Rio de Janeiro , nestled along Guanabara Bay and within sight of the iconic Christ the Redeemer statue , one of the world 's largest open-air landfills has closed after more than three decades of operation . The landfill , known as Jardim Gramacho or Gramacho Gardens , is piled almost 300 feet high across 14 million square feet -- the equivalent of 244 American football fields . It is the largest landfill in Brazil and all of South America . Built in the late 1970s , it received close to 8,000 tons of trash daily , 70 % of all the trash in the Rio metro area . The closure comes less than three weeks before the United Nations ' RIO +20 summit , where world representatives will gather to take a direct look at sustainable solutions for the Earth 's environment . The move also comes in advance of Rio 's preparations to host the 2014 World Cup and the 2016 Summer Olympics . It 's part of a continuing effort led by Rio 's state environment minister to close all of the area 's five official open-air landfills -- as well as an unknown number of clandestine ones -- by 2014 . Brazil tries to balance farming and forests The landfills are giving way to more modern treatment facilities designed to reduce their environmental impact . In Jardim Gramacho 's case , the daily trash will now go to Seropedica , which the government says is the most advanced treatment plant in Latin America . It 's designed to curb production of greenhouse gases and pollution of the Guanabara Bay marshes . According to the city of Rio , the sludge from the decomposing trash will be treated and turned into recycled water , and escaping methane will be harvested . At Jardim Gramacho , about 75 million cubic meters of methane gas will be collected over the next 15 years . The Brazilian petroleum company Petrobras will purchase the gas and use it to run one of its refineries . After 15 years , the landfill will be turned into a park , officials say . At the turn of the century , complaints arose that Guanabara Bay was not safe for bathing because of contaminants leaching from Jardim Gramacho . The city announced the closing of the landfill several times but always postponed it until now . Part of the proceeds from the methane sales will go toward rehabilitating the drug-infested slums , or favelas , that have sprung up around the landfill . Rio de Janeiro Mayor Eduardo Paes sees the closing of the landfill as an end to "  the crime that Rio has committed for the last 40 years . " At its peak , Jardim Gramacho had about 5,000 catadores , people who spend their days scouring landfills for plastic , paper , wood , metal and anything else that can be sold to recycling companies . Their numbers have dwindled to about 2,000 as business at the landfill has wound down , city officials said , and now there is concern about their future . These workers , whose ages range from 16 to 87 , have been depicted by many media outlets and were featured in Vik Muniz 's Oscar-nominated 2010 documentary "  Waste Land . " The film helped raise funds for the catadores , whose work supports close to 15,000 residents near the landfill , according to government estimates , and is responsible for much of the city 's recycling . According to Brazil 's environment ministry , only 18 % of the entire country 's recycling is done as part of a formal program . That means most recycling is done by catadores . The president of the Jardim Gramacho Cooperative of Collectors , Sebastian Carlos dos Santos , notes that there are about 1 million catadores all across Brazil . "  This is a promising market that needs to be a humanized form of work , " he said . Catadores at Jardim Gramacho generally earn about the Brazilian minimum wage , roughly $ 268 U.S. dollars a month . But in many cases , they can bring home twice as much . According to the city of Rio , the cooperative and city officials negotiated more than $ 11 million as severance to be split among those workers who could prove they had been working at the site for the last few years . The severance , paid by the company responsible for the harvesting of the methane gas , is being paid to more than 1,600 workers . How loggers are helping replant rain forests The cooperative was also able to negotiate with the state government to set up a fund that will , for the next 14 years , provide funding for projects to educate the workers and provide them with tools to continue the job of recycling . The fund will also pay for classes if workers want to pursue another trade or career . Catadores often work in dangerous conditions and receive no benefits . They are frequent victims of diseases such as dengue fever , spread by mosquitoes that breed in the landfill 's stagnant water , as well as respiratory ailments and infections attributable to rats , birds and other vermin . In addition , medical waste from all the hospitals in the area was dumped at Jardim Gramacho . The workers can seek treatment at state hospitals through Brazil 's precarious public health system . The closing of the landfills is bittersweet to these workers . The cooperative and its members know this is a step forward in rebuilding and conserving Rio 's environment , but for many , this also means their only source of income has gone down the drain . Severina Alzira Silva , 87 , is described in the cooperative 's blog as one of the oldest pickers working in the Gramacho landfill . She 's worked there for more than 30 years , has nine children and is illiterate . "  I fear for my future , because I need to keep working , " she said in one post .	A Rio de Janeiro dump , the largest in South America , is closing after three decades Drug-ridden slums , informal economy grew up around Jardim Gramacho Thousands of scavengers , called catadores , made their living off recycling trash there The government is promising to retrain workers , improve slums , turn land into park
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan has slipped to the world 's third largest economy , falling behind the blistering speed of China 's manufacturing growth , according to Japanese figures released Monday . Japan 's cabinet office released its nominal gross domestic product figures for 2010 . Japan 's economy was valued at US $ 5.4742 trillion dollars while China was at US $ 5.8786 trillion . Japan 's economy did grow in 2010 , but only 3.9 % , according to the government . China 's is expected to grow more than 10 % . At the speed China is growing , Japan 's government predicts China will overtake the United States as the world 's largest economy in less than 20 years . China has expanded domestic industries and infrastructure , driven by a surge in exports . Multinational corporations have expanded in China , taking advantage of low labor costs . Japan , meanwhile , has been stuck in stagnation and deflation for two decades . Decisive economic policy has been lost in the revolving door of the country 's top leader , with Japan seeing six prime ministers in just five years . Looking ahead , Japan is facing a demographic tsunami , with the world 's fastest aging population and one of the globe 's lowest birth rates . On the national debt issue , Japan 's parliament is struggling to cap its GDP-to-debt ratio , which is nearing 200 % -- the world 's highest among developed nations . The size of an economy does not tell the entire picture : Japan 's GDP per head is around $ 40,000 while China 's is $ 4,500 . The standards of living remain remarkably different in the two countries . But the economic size of a country gives a snapshot of not just the financial influence of a nation , but its power in the world 's political sphere .	Japan 's economy is now third in the world , with China moving into second place The United States remains the world 's largest economy Japan 's government predicts China will overtake the U.S. in less than 20 years
The new year will be the year the nation really starts to experiment with marijuana . It wo n't be the year legalization sweeps the country ; it will be a year of wait and see . Indeed , 2014 will see the legalization movement gain greater political strength while facing the possibility of setbacks if the implementation of new laws fails . It will also be a year of momentum-building . Advocacy groups will build on their recent ballot successes and work hard assisting implementation of new laws in Colorado and Washington . It may not be a flashy year ; it may not be a headline-grabbing year , but it will be a critical year for the future of legalization advocacy . In 2013 , Washington and Colorado built the administrative infrastructure to ready their states for the legal sale of marijuana after successful 2012 ballot initiatives . Those initiatives were among the biggest victories to date for the legalization movement . Of course , those successes did n't come about by accident . They were largely because legalization advocates -- over the course of many years -- transformed the movement into a mature , organized set of interest groups . These well-funded , expertly staffed groups showed themselves to be a political force with statewide ballot initiatives and increasingly in elections . Demonstrating the increasing acceptance of marijuana , the founder of a medical marijuana store , a respected businessman , was voted mayor of Sebastopol , California , last month . Opinion : Finally , a nation legalizes pot Statewide victories were complemented by local-level initiatives . Successes in places like Portland , Maine , and Lansing , Michigan , will probably generate greater energy in other cities , like Washington , that are considering legalization . Building on this trend , groups will continue to develop as a politically savvy and powerful interest . In the world of lobbying , nothing breeds success  or raises funds  like prior success , and the past 14 months mean the movement will grow in numbers and financial capacity . On a grass-roots level , organizations like NORML and the Marijuana Policy Project will continue to show people that support for legalization is no longer taboo . Instead , it is a serious issue that deals with public health , regulation , taxation and budgeting . These groups have done well to frame the issue not as a dorm-room debate but as a public policy problem . Those efforts pull supporters out of the shadows ; they will continue in 2014 . In 2014 , marijuana advocacy organizations will also continue to do something unheard of in today 's American politics : unite Americans . This is one of the most remarkable , rarely discussed aspects of the movement . They do n't just bring together like-minded Americans . They often bring together groups who normally bitterly oppose each other . Liberals join hands with libertarians . Wealthy white voters who see marijuana laws as outdated join with non-white voters who see the enforcement of marijuana laws as discriminatory . Children of the 1960s join with their grandchildren who wo n't retire until even as late as the 2060s . On many issues , these groups have different views , but on legalization , many people find common ground . All those who think it should be legal to inhale may be the ones who breathe fresh air into American politics . They will produce policy solutions in a system that consistently fails to do anything of note . The gains for supporters of legalization will be on display in 2014 . But something else will happen behind the scenes this year that will be absolutely critical for the movement . Advocates are planning statewide efforts , similar to those in Colorado and Washington . Organizations in places like Oregon and Massachusetts , among other states , are considering legalization ballot initiatives in the coming years . However , elected officials and voters may well take a wait-and-see approach . Colorado 's and Washington 's experiences will affect voters in future legalization efforts . If those states have a positive experience with legalization -- dispelling opponents ' concerns about addiction , traffic safety and crime -- and it adds to their budgets , others will be more open to legalization . Advocacy groups will face a flourishing political landscape . If , however , the experiences in those states are negative -- implementation goes awry , programs become cost-inefficient or public health concerns arise -- the movement will stumble . Advocates are not leaving that outcome to chance . In a show of how serious they are about legalization-as-public-policy , they are actively assisting states in implementation . If the movement will continue to succeed , it must be actively committed to making implementation work and work well . If the experience of the Affordable Care Act in 2013 has shown us anything , it is that implementation matters . Botched rollouts , unforeseen bumps in the road and other challenges hurt advocates and embolden opponents . In this way , 2014 is the start of experimentation with marijuana . It might not be a flashy year for the movement or the opposition . But 10 years from now , legalization advocates may look back at this year and note that it was make or break for the movement , making 2014 one of the most crucial years for marijuana policy .	2014 is the year the nation starts to experiment with legal marijuana , John Hudak says He writes that other states will watch what happens in Colorado , Washington closely Hudak : Organized advocacy groups took debate out of dorm room to policy makers He says groups will help states with implementation , crucial for success
CNN  -- A wheel from the main landing gear of a Colgan Airlines passenger plane fell off and rolled away as the aircraft was landing in Buffalo , New York , earlier this week . A wheel fell off the landing gear of Q400 Bombardier upon landing on Colgan Flight 3268 earlier this week . On Thursday night , The Toronto Sun posted a video of the incident shot by a passenger on the Q400 Bombardier -- the same type of plane involved in a fatal Colgan Airlines crash three months ago , also on approach to Buffalo Niagara International Airport . The video shows the wheel touch down on the ground and then roll away , followed by metal parts that are meant to keep the wheels in place . The plane was towed to the gate , where everyone on board "  deplaned normally , " said Joe Williams , a spokesman for Pinnacle Airlines , Colgan 's parent company . "  At no time was any passenger or crew member at risk , nor were any injuries reported , " Williams said of the Tuesday incident . "  The aircraft was properly maintained in accordance with the manufacturer and Federal Aviation Administration procedures . " Williams said the incident "  appears to have been caused by the failure of the outer wheel bearing ... the bearing was relatively new , having been on the aircraft for five weeks . " Colgan Flight 3268 originated in Newark , New Jersey . "  I was scared , and the other passengers looked worried , too , " one passenger told the Toronto newspaper . "  For a moment , I thought the worst in that we may not make it . " Three months ago , Colgan Air Flight 3407 crashed in nearby Clarence Center , New York , killing all 49 passengers and crew members aboard . One person was killed on the ground . Hearings about the cause of that accident have been held in Washington this week . Investigators have focused on pilot fatigue as a possible cause of the crash .	Wheel from main landing gear fell off as aircraft was landing earlier this week Colgan Airlines spokesman says no one on Flight 3268 was injured One person on flight : "  I was scared , and the other passengers looked worried , too " Three months ago , Colgan Air Flight 3407 crashed , killing all 49 people aboard
YANGON , Myanmar  CNN  -- Myanmar opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and an American man who swam to her lakeside home went on trial in the military dictatorship Monday behind closed doors inside a prison compound . Soldiers guard the entrance to Insein Prison on Monday in Yangon , Myanmar . The trial is expected to last about three months , said Nyan Win , spokesman for her National League for Democracy party . Suu Kyi 's lawyer asked the court to open up the hearings but was turned down because of security concerns , Win said . Police put up roadblocks on the streets leading to the Insean Prison near Yangon , with a half-dozen officers at each station . Shops around the prison were closed , according to opposition exile groups . A group of diplomats from Germany , Italy , Australia and Britain tried to pass through the barricades to attend the trial . They were stopped and turned away . "  It was a way of signaling our concern at what 's happening and the need for the proceedings in the court to take place in an open and transparent fashion , " Britain 's ambassador to Myanmar , Mark Canning , told CNN . About 100 supporters of Suu Kyi waited outside . The American visitor , John Yettaw , is charged with immigration violations and trespassing into a restrictive area , charges that carry a maximum sentence of five years in prison . Watch more on Suu Kyi 's trial " He is accused of staying overnight in Suu Kyi 's lakeside home earlier this month , violating the conditions of her house arrest , according to the country 's ruling military junta , which rarely grants her visitors . The central Missouri man was appointed a lawyer selected by the U.S. embassy , Win said . Suu Kyi , the 1991 Nobel Peace Prize laureate , and two of her maids have been detained under Section 22 of the country 's legal code -- a law against subversion -- according to Nyan Win , spokesman for Suu Kyi 's National League for Democracy . Suu Kyi , 63 , had been scheduled to be released from house arrest later this month after being incarcerated 13 of the past 19 years . She is now being held in a specially built area of Insein Prison , where Yettaw also is detained , a U.S. Embassy official told CNN on Friday . The timing of Suu Kyi 's detention raised suspicion among her supporters , who said the government 's action was an excuse to extend her house arrest . Watch former U.S. president Jimmy Carter discuss Aung San Suu Kyi " "  This is the cunning plan of the regime to put Daw Aung San Suu Kyi in continuous detention beyond the six years allowed by the law they used to justify the detention of her , " said the U.S. Campaign for Burma , a pro-democracy group fighting for her release . "  Daw " is an honorific . The southeast Asian country was known as Burma before the military government changed it to Myanmar . Those who oppose the junta still use the old name . Suu Kyi 's lawyer , U Kyi Win , blamed her prison detention on Yettaw . Local media said Yettaw , a 53-year-old former military serviceman from Falcon , Missouri , swam almost two miles across Inya Lake on May 3 and sneaked into Suu Kyi 's home . Police maintain a round-the-clock presence outside the house . And swimming in the lake is forbidden . U Kyi Win told CNN that Yettaw arrived at his client 's house that day and that she asked him to leave immediately . U Kyi Win said Yettaw refused to leave , first saying he did n't want to swim in daylight for fear of being captured , and later blaming leg cramps . Yettaw finally left May 5 . Suu Kyi did n't tell authorities about the visit because she did n't want Yettaw or anyone else to get in trouble , Win said , nothing that several of her party members and supporters are already in jail . He added that Yettaw would likely be in the courtroom during the trial . Little else is known about Yettaw 's role in the Myanmar incident or his intentions , apart from local media reports that said Yettaw , a diabetic , told Suu Kyi 's two housekeepers he was tired and hungry after the swim and they offered him food . Some previous media reports referred to him as John William Yeattaw . He appeared healthy and in good spirits at a hearing on Friday at Insein Prison , the U.S. Embassy official said . The defense will argue that Yettaw entered Suu Kyi 's home due to poor government security , said Jared Genser , a Washington , D.C.-based lawyer who is one of the attorneys on her defense team . "  Frankly , she does not believe she did any offense , " Genser said . He noted that Insein Prison houses many political prisoners , and the conditions are poor for even a young , healthy person . Tuberculosis is rampant , mosquitoes and other insects are numerous , and nighttime temperatures at the prison frequently reach 90 degrees Fahrenheit  29-32 Celsius  with no fresh air traveling through the facility , Genser said . "  There is deep reason to be concerned with her detention , " he said . "  Insein is a notorious prison . It is filthy . ... When you combine that with her health concerns , it is very worrying . " Suu Kyi has been the face of Myanmar 's pro-democracy movement and the focus of a global campaign to free her . Her National League for Democracy party won over 80 percent of the legislative seats in 1990 , but she was disqualified from serving because of her house arrest , and the military junta ignored the results . It was during her house arrest that she won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Myanmar opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi on trial with U.S. man John Yettaw is charged with trespassing into restrictive area Suu Kyi 's supporters call charges an excuse to extend her house arrest The Nobel Peace Prize laureate was scheduled to end 13 years of house arrest
Rockets flew between Israel and Hamas as tensions in the region continue their upward climb . Hamas security sources reported at least 60 Israeli airstrikes across Gaza on Monday night into Tuesday , including from F-16s , Apache helicopters and drones . The sources said at least 10 people were injured . "  Operation Protective Edge is underway . Targeting #Hamas capabilities that are terrorizing #Israel , " Israel Defense Forces spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner tweeted . The position of the IDF has changed , the spokesman said at an earlier news briefing . Last week they were focused on de-escalation , but now Israel is preparing for a possible deterioration of the situation , he said . Lerner said the IDF has already called up several hundred reservists and is prepared to add 1,500 more . During the last offensive on Gaza in November 2012 , 30,000 reservists were called up . Eight Palestinian militants were killed in more than 25 Israeli airstrikes and 39 rocket attacks across Gaza on Sunday night into Monday , said Ashraf Al-Qidra , a spokesman for the Health Ministry in Gaza . At least 15 people were injured , he said . CNN originally reported nine killed but the death toll was lowered because one man believed to have been killed in a tunnel in Rafah was found to be alive and in critical condition . "  The enemy has crossed the red lines and will be made to pay the price for its crimes , " Mushir Al-Masri , a Hamas leadership figure and member of the Palestinian parliament , wrote on his Facebook page . "  The blood of our martyrs is precious ... and is fuel for the intifada and the resistance . " After that statement , 70 rockets were fired from Gaza into Israel , with Hamas claiming responsibility . Israeli air raid sirens were heard near Yavne in central Israel as militants in Gaza stepped up their attacks . At least one person was wounded by shrapnel in Ashdod , according to Israeli rescuer services . In another tweet , Lerner said that all summer camps , kindergartens and schools within a roughly 25 mile  40 kilometer  radius of Gaza have been forbidden because of the threat of rockets . Suspects questioned The escalation of military action comes after the slaying of a Palestinian teenager , which was perhaps an act of retaliation for the killing of three Israeli teens earlier . Israeli police have questioned six suspects about what they did "  before and during the murder " of the Palestinian teen who was abducted and burned to death , Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said . Naftali Schwartzburger , the lawyer of one of the six suspects , said on CNN affiliate Israeli Channel 2 on Monday that Israeli police conducted re-enactments of the killing of Mohammed Abu Khedair . Flare-up in Israeli-Palestinian violence : Why now ? The fallout from the slayings might damage Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's political future . Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman , head of Yisrael Beiteinu party , said in a press conference Monday that he told Netanyahu of his intention to dissolve his party 's joint faction with Netanyahu 's Likud party , saying it was "  not working . " Lieberman criticized Netanyahu 's handling of Gaza . Netanyahu on Monday spoke with the father of the Palestinian teenager who was burned alive in Jerusalem last week , expressing shock at what he called an "  abhorrent " murder . As anger continues to boil over the death of 16-year-old Abu Khedair , Netanyahu talked by phone with Hussein Abu Khedair , telling him that the killers will be brought to trial and "  will be dealt with to the fullest extent of the law . " Police have said there is a "  strong indication " the attackers may have been motivated by a desire for revenge over the deaths of the three Israeli teenagers , whose bodies were found a week ago in a field in the West Bank . "  Israel stands thoroughly against this . We promised to investigate . We promised to bring the perpetrators of that crime to justice and guess what ? We delivered . We 've done exactly that , " said Mark Regev , spokesman for Netanyahu . The teen 's father said later Monday that he did not recall speaking with the Prime Minister . "  I was up until 5 a.m. this morning and tried to go to sleep around then , " Hussein Abu Khedair said . "  Around 7 or 7:30 , I started getting phone calls from many Hebrew speaking people . I was tired and could not make out what or who I spoke to . I ca n't recall speaking to Netanyahu . " In a region that has experienced decades of fighting and mistrust , the past week 's events have still managed to shock -- and to further embitter relations between Israelis and Palestinians . Israeli police also announced Sunday a confession in the killing of a Jewish Israeli teen a month ago . Shelly Dadon , 19 , was kidnapped and stabbed to death by an Arab Israeli taxi driver , who has now provided details of the killing , according to Rosenfeld . ` Stop this disgusting cycle of violence ' Meanwhile , the Abu Khedair family is irate over the treatment by Israeli police of one of the burning victim 's cousins , an American high school student . Relatives say Tariq Abu Khdeir , a 15-year-old high school sophomore from Florida , was beaten while being detained amid protests over his cousin 's death .  The American branch of the family uses a different spelling of the family surname . Khdeir , who was in Jerusalem to visit family during his summer vacation , was released on bail Sunday . The magistrate court ordered that he stay under house arrest for nine days at a relative 's house in a different neighborhood from the family home . "  We 're extremely concerned that he 's under house arrest right now without really facing any legitimate charges that have been made public , and that those who beat him apparently are walking free , " his family attorney said Monday , speaking from Florida . Senior State Department officials told CNN that the United States was instrumental in securing the release of the youth . Senior officials in the Obama administration said they were shocked at two videos in which Khdeir was seen being held down and pummeled by men in the uniform of Israeli security forces , the officials said . The officials said they expect Tariq will be able to return home to Florida with his family in the next few weeks . Israeli authorities say Khdeir was part of a group of youths who attacked police . "  From what I understand about the facts of the case , this is not just an innocent bystander who was pulled off of a schoolyard , " Israel 's ambassador to the United States , Ron Dermer , told "  Fox News Sunday . " "  He was with six other people . They were masked . They threw petrol bombs and Molotov cocktails at our police . Three of them had knives . ... That does not excuse any excessive use of force , and our Justice Ministry is opening an investigation . " But State Department officials questioned Dermer 's remarks . "  They are investigating whether he was throwing rocks , " another senior State Department official said . "  Even if he was , the question is , was this the right response to that ? Obviously we do n't think so . " Regev , Netanyahu 's spokesman , agreed . "  This is no excuse for this sort of behavior and we 're currently investigating it . It 's not the police investigating themselves . We 've initiated an impartial , objective , independent inquiry into exactly what happened , " he said . ` Demolish their houses ' Abu Khedair 's mother , Suha , said she wants equal justice for the people who abducted him in the early morning as he was heading from his home to a mosque for prayers . He died after being burned alive and hit on the head with a blunt object , authorities say . "  If they sentence them and demolish their houses and give them life sentences , it might satisfy me a little , " Suha Abu Khedair said . The Israeli military destroyed the homes of the two main suspects in the killings of the three Israeli teenagers . Those suspects are still at large . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas has called on the United Nations to set up an international investigation into recent crimes against Palestinian people , including the killing of Abu Khedair , the Palestinian state news agency WAFA reported . Officials from both sides have called for restraint amid fears that the cycle of horrific violence could continue .	"  Operation Protective Edge is underway , " says Israeli spokesman IDF calls up several hundred reservists , is prepared to add 1,500 more Eight Palestinians are killed by Israeli airstrikes , rocket attacks Police have arrested six Israeli suspects over the killing of a Palestinian teenager
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The number of people killed in a car bombing in Afghanistan 's capital rose to 26 , including six Italian soldiers , Afghan authorities said Saturday . The coffins of six Italian soldiers killed in a suicide attack in Kabul return to Rome . Sixteen people died in the blast Thursday , and at least 55 Afghan civilians were wounded . Ten have died from their injuries since the bombing . The explosion Thursday targeted a mostly residential area near the Supreme Court in Kabul , a witness said . The bodies of the Italian soldiers killed in the blast returned to Italy Sunday , their coffins draped in the red , green and white Italian flag . Dignitaries , relatives and row upon row of uniformed troops stood on the airport tarmac as the coffins were carried off the plane , television pictures from the scene showed . Watch more about Italy in mourning " Italy 's President Giorgio Napolitano gently touched the caskets perched on the shoulders of grim-faced soldiers at Rome 's Ciampino military airport . Nearby , a woman shook uncontrollably as a baby sported a maroon beret -- the kind worn by the paratroopers killed in the Kabul attack . The six deaths marked largest number of Italians killed in a single day in Afghanistan . Watch more about Italy 's Afghan mission " Before the remains left for Rome , the Italian military , international troops and dignitaries held a service in the Afghan capital . "  It 's a tragedy for us , " Lt. Col. Renato Vaira of the Italian military said at the Kabul service . "  But this is a point to continue our mission . " "  We 'll miss them . They 're not the first . I hope it will be the last , " said Maj. Gen. Tommaso Ferro of the Italian military . The arrival of the soldiers ' remains was televised nationally in Italy . The bodies were taken for an autopsy . A day of mourning is scheduled in Italy on Monday , the same day as the burial service . After the attack , Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said it would be "  best " for the country 's troops to leave Afghanistan as soon as possible . Berlusconi gave no timeline for a withdrawal , but said any pullout would have to be coordinated with allies . The 500 troops Italy sent to Afghanistan this summer will be home by Christmas , Ignazio La Russa , Italy 's defense minister said . The troops were sent ahead of the Afghan presidential election August 20 . The rest of Italy 's 2,800 troops in Afghanistan will withdraw only when NATO calls for it , La Russa said .	Explosion targeted a mostly residential area near the Supreme Court in Kabul Bodies of six Italian soldiers who died returned to Italy Sunday Italian Prime Minister says it would be "  best " for country 's troops to leave Afghanistan Deaths were the highest single-day death toll for Italy in the Afghan mission
CNN  -- Tiger Woods and General Motors have announced that they will conclude their nine-year endorsement deal at the end of December . World number one Woods is happy to have more ` personal time ' with wife Elin expecting their second child . The parties agreed to a "  mutual and amicable separation " that included a desire for more personal time for 14-time major winner Woods whose wife Elin is expecting their second child . And GM say the company is searching for "  budget efficiencies " during a difficult economy . World No. 1 Woods has endorsed GM products around the world for the past nine years and has been heavily associated with the Buick brand in the U.S. , Canada and China markets . The endorsement deal , believed to be worth at least $ 7 million a year , was to end in 2009 . Woods ' agent at IMG , Mark Steinberg , said the decision to end the relationship one year early was "  absolutely mutual . " "  It was a combination of things , " Steinberg said . "  Tiger was looking to gain some more time , and certainly it was an opportunity for GM to reduce its spending with everything going on . " GM 's vice president for North American sales , Mark LaNeve , says the separation is the result of discussions earlier in the year and is not related to the company 's campaign for $ 25 billion in loans from the federal government . In a Web site statement , Woods commented , "  I am very proud of the long standing partnership I 've had with GM and have enjoyed being a part of the company 's dramatic product evolution . "  We 've had a lot of fun together and I participated in some unique and rewarding activities . We 've enjoyed a tremendous partnership over the years and we will maintain strong ties with the many people at GM we call friends . " Woods has yet to decide when he will be fit to return to the circuit following knee surgery after winning the U.S. Open in June at Torrey Pines . There has been speculation it could be early February for the defense of his Buick Invitational title on a course -- Torrey Pines -- where he has won five straight events "  That 's the most frustrating thing for me , because I do n't know , " Woods said recently . "  I like having things planned out . I like understanding what I need to shoot for , but I do n't know . "  And the surgeons do n't know , either , because they 've never dealt with an injury like this for a person who plays golf at an elite level . "	Tiger Woods and GM are ending their nine-year endorsement association General Motors searching for "  budget efficiencies " during difficult economy Woods wants more personal time with wife Elin expecting a second child
CNN  -- Pakistan 's President Asif Ali Zardari and the British Prime Minister David Cameron Friday pledged to increase cooperation between the two countries on economic development and security issues . Meeting at Cameron 's official country residence , Chequers , both leaders affirmed their commitment to further strengthen strategic ties , said Downing Street . Both leaders appeared to be making an effort to smooth relations between the two countries after the diplomatic spat prompted by comments made by Cameron about Pakistan promoting the export of terror . Zardari is also facing criticism for being away from home during devastating flooding in north-east Pakistan . "  It 's a friendship that will never break no matter what happens , " Zardari said . "  Storms will come and storms will go and Pakistan and Britain will stand together and face all the difficulties with dignity and we will make sure that the world is a better place for our coming generations . " Cameron expressed support for Pakistan 's democratic government and support for coping with the damage caused by recent floods , Downing Street said . Zardari thanked Cameron for the UK 's pledge of # 10 million of immediate relief for flood victims . The British PM , who had dinner with Zardari on Thursday evening , has not publicly apologized for his comments about Pakistan promoting the export of terror . Cameron said Friday he recognized the sacrifices made by Pakistan 's military and population in fighting violent extremism , Downing Street said . Speaking to the press after their Chequers meeting , which lasted about an hour , Cameron said : "  We want to work together to combat terrorism , that is a real priority for my government . " Zardari invited the Prime Minister to make an early visit to Pakistan and Cameron accepted , Downing Street added .	British PM and Pakistan President hold talks at Chequers Both leaders pledge to increase economic and security cooperation Meeting overshadowed by Cameron comments Zardari facing criticism for being away while parts of Pakistan suffer flooding
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Iraq 's smaller religious groups have been facing "  ongoing severe abuses , " and the situation requires a response from the United States , a religious freedom watchdog said Tuesday . In late November , members of a Christian Iraqi family sit in a home in Lebanon after fleeing violence in Mosul . The U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom issued a report citing "  threats and intimidation " against Chaldo-Assyrians and other Christians , Sabean-Mandaeans and Yazidis . The commission wants the U.S. State Department to designate Iraq as a "  country of particular concern " -- a status that would allow policy responses , including public condemnations , the denial of state visits , and even sanctions . Spokeswoman Judith Ingram said such a designation would draw attention to the abuses and "  encourage a robust policy response . " There has been "  reconciliation " between Iraq 's dominant Shiite and Sunni religious groups , but tensions continue to reverberate and that 's a concern , the commission said . But the smaller groups do n't have "  militia or tribal structures to protect them " and they "  do not receive adequate official protection . " "  Iraq 's non-Muslim religious minorities -- particularly Christians , Mandaeans and Yazidis -- have suffered religiously-based attacks and other abuses , and have fled the country , at rates far disproportionate to their numbers , seriously threatening these communities ' continued existence in Iraq , " the report said . "  Lacking militias , and in the case of the Mandaeans unable to defend themselves for religious reasons , they are easy prey for extremists and criminals , and they do not receive adequate protection from the authorities . As in earlier years , they also are caught in the middle of a Kurdish-Arab struggle for control of disputed northern areas where the minorities are concentrated and have been targeted because of this . " Examples include Christian protest over provincial election legislation and anti-Christian violence in Mosul this autumn and election intimidation of non-Muslims in Nineveh province in 2005 . The Iraqi Constitution also "  gives Islam a preferred status , providing a potential justification for abuses and discrimination against non-Muslims . " The commission is recommending that the incoming Obama administration ensure "  safe and fair provincial elections " and "  security and safety for all Iraqis . " It calls for making prevention of religious abuse a "  high priority " and urging the Kurdish region to support "  minority rights . " It also urges addressing the displaced persons ' and refugee problem . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Religious freedom watchdog group urges protection of Iraq 's minority religions Situation severe enough to merit response from United States , group says Smaller groups do n't have militias or tribal structures to protect them Incoming U.S. administration urged to ensure "  safety for all Iraqis "
CNN  -- Roger Federer came from set down against Tomas Berdych to claim a sixth Dubai Duty Free Championships title on Saturday . The Swiss who rallied after losing the first set to Novak Djokovic in Friday 's semi repeated the trick against his Czech opponent in the final winning 3-6 6-4 6-3 to claim the 78th tour title of an illustrious career . "  Things definitely went my way out here tonight , but I have had a lot tougher matches in the last one-and-a-half years , so this is nice to get a lucky break again . " Federer notched up a solitary title in 2013 , beating Mikhail Youzhny on the grass of Halle last June as the 32-year-old struggled with a back injury . But after hiring Stefan Edberg as a part-time coach at the end of last year  he was n't present in Dubai  , Federer has enjoyed a promising start to 2014 , reaching the finals of the Brisbane International and the semis of the Australian Open in January . The 17-time Grand Slam champion led the Czech 11-6 in head-to-heads going into Saturday 's match , but Berdych had prevailed in their last two encounters , which including a three-set win at the semifinal stage in Dubai last year . It was the big Czech who took an early lead , breaking in the sixth game before taking the opening set without alarm . Another break of serve in the fifth game of the second set and Berdych looked odds on for back-to-back titles after winning in Rotterdam last month . But Federer made the most of some unforced errors by the Czech in the next game to level and then broke himself in the 10th to level the match . After saving a break of serve in the opening game of the third , Federer then made a crucial break in the fourth game before clinching victory and ending Berdych 's 11-match winning streak . Federer 's win sees him claim third place outright on the list of all-time ATP Tour winners list , although it seems he is unlikely to go any higher . In second place is Ivan Lendl with 94 wins with Jimmy Connors way out in front on 109 . Meanwhile at the Mexico Open , Andy Murray 's quest for a first title since Wimbledon goes on after he was defeated in the semifinal of the Mexico Open by Bulgaria 's Grigor Dimitrov . The 22-year-old Bulgarian won 4-6 7-6  7-5  7-6  7-3  and will face South Africa 's Kevin Anderson in Sunday 's final . Read more : Nadal , Djokovic confirmed for exhibition league Read more : Becker and Edberg relive classic rivalry	Swiss champion takes his sixth Dubai title with three set win over Tomas Berdych Federer won a solitary title in 2013 but has enjoyed a promising start to 2014 season The 32-year-old ends Berdych 's 11-match winning streak to claim 78th tour title Andy Murray loses in three sets to Bulgarian Grigor Dimitrov in Mexico Open semi
The Krystall hotel will doubtless inspire a few gags about a frosty reception when it opens in December 2016 , but once guests realize they 're about to check in to a giant floating snowflake , it could just as easily melt hearts . The 86-room luxury venue has been designed by architecture firm Dutch Docklands for the Norwegian city of Tromso , offering clients a unique destination and an unrivaled spot from which to view the northern lights . "  We call it a scar-less development , " architect Koen Olthuis tells CNN , explaining why the five-star Krystall will sit in icy waters off Tromso 's rugged coastline rather than on dry land . "  Because it 's floating , we do not have any impact on that location . If you take it away after 100 years or so , it will not leave any footprint . "  That 's the only way to bring a hotel to such a precious and beautiful marine environment . " Olthuis says the Krystall has been inspired by the floating architecture widely found in his low-lying Dutch homeland , but will be on a far grander , and more opulent scale that is hoped will attract wealthy visitors from Japan , Russia and other parts of Europe . "  In the hotel , you 'll float through hallways lined with cool , futuristic blue shapes , recline by a fireplace faced in transparent bricks resembling ice blocks and sleep in rooms tricked out in minimalist , winter-themed designs , " he adds . Floating real estate The Krystall 's best features , however , are the glass roofs that will offer clear views of the northern lights and windows that will gaze over the snowy tree-lined Norwegian coast . Because it 's out at sea and not moored to the land , the hotel will only be accessible by boat , but the architect promises it wo n't be affected by high winds and waves thanks to "  dampers , springs and cables . " "  The floating basis is very big and because of that also very stable . You will not notice any movement . This hotel is floating real estate and will not move , " Olthuis says . "  It 'll have the same look and feel as a land-based hotel , but on the most beautiful spot on the water . " The cost of building such a structure is n't disclosed , though put at 15 % higher than for an equivalent hotel on dry land . The Krystall 's dry dock construction was , in fact , first planned a few years ago , but put on ice  of course  until 2015 because of the global financial downturn . In the meantime , Dutch Docklands has begun work on a separate development in the Maldives . Ocean Flower , a complex of 185 floating villas in a flower-shaped configuration , is already being built near the islands ' capital Male . Rising water levels Greenstar , another planned development for the Maldives , involves building a floating hotel in the shape of star . A further project involving floating private islands off Miami has also recently been announced . Though his company 's hotels are designed for the luxury leisure market , they form a wider portfolio of work intended to address a more down to earth concern -- climate change . With the effects of rising water levels that scientists have blamed on global warming already being felt in Maldives and Miami , Olthuis says we need to learn to live with the water , not just fight it . It 's an approach that has already drawn criticism from some environmentalists who say that we should be tackling the causes of global warming rather than taking to the seas to avoid its affects . Olthuis is convinced of the need for his approach . "  I see around me the first signs of a new generation of climate change architects who do not only want to provide icons but also solutions , " he adds . "  We live in a dynamic world where static buildings do not bring us the needed flexibility . "  Building on water brings us new space for expansion , safety against floods and flexibility to adjust developments without demolition whenever needed . "	Krystall hotel scheduled to open off the coast of Norway in 2016 Architect Koen Olthuis says the hotel is inspired by Dutch floating houses Krystall follows another floating hotel venture being build off the Maldives Designer says hotel design addresses climate change conditions
The United States and its allies are working to stop what they regard as an ominous trend : attacks against NATO-led troops by Afghan security forces or others clad in military or police uniforms . The assaults , called green-on-blue or insider attacks , have spiked this year , causing the deaths of 39 International Security Assistance Force troops -- including two in Farah province Friday . An estimated 101 NATO troops have been killed in green-on-blue attacks since May 2007 across Afghanistan , military analyst Bill Roggio said Friday . Roggio , managing editor of the Long War Journal blog , which reports and analyzes terror issues , said green-on-blue attacks have caused around 13 % of coalition deaths this year . Of the green-on-blue attacks since 2007 , about 40 % of the deaths have occurred this year and 35 % occurred last year , Roggio said . More U.S. soldiers killed amid Taliban claim of infiltrating Afghan forces U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said he is concerned that the attacks will damage coalition and Afghan partnership efforts . Speaking at a Defense Department news conference Tuesday , he discussed measures to stop the acts by improving intelligence and vetting of security force recruits . "  Our enemies have attempted to undermine the trust between the coalition and Afghan forces , and in particular they have tried to take credit for a number of so-called green-on-blue or insider attacks that have taken place this fighting season , " he said . "  Make no mistake about it . I 'm very concerned about these incidents . " One measure to combat the attackers is a "  guardian angel program , " Panetta said . That "  involves identifying one individual who stands to the side so that he can watch people 's backs and hopefully identify people that would be involved in those attacks , " he said . Pentagon changing lingo to ` green-on-blue ' in growing threat Panetta cited increasing "  the intelligence presence " to obtain "  better information with regards to these kinds of potential attacks . " He also mentioned increasing the counterintelligence presence to "  identify those threats . " For example , a NATO official quoted in a column co-authored by CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen said that the increase of counterintelligence officers is designed to "  ferret out Taliban double agents . " Panetta also said the military is using and reviewing a "  thorough " and "  eight-step " vetting process . "  We 're doing forensics on the particular instances that occur in order to make sure , you know , how that process -- that vetting process operated and what we can do to improve it , " he said . Another measure to fight the attacks is "  implementing a notification process " for alerting people to threats . And another is that all troops at NATO headquarters in Kabul now must carry loaded weapons around the clock , CNN has learned . Panetta said Gen John Allen , the chief NATO commander in Afghanistan , is meeting with village elders to discuss the issue . Village elders "  are the people who usually vouch for individuals . They have to sign something that vouches for the character of individuals , and he 's going back to them to ensure that that 's being done properly . " "  All of this requires action both by the United States and coalition forces and by our Afghan partners who also face this insider threat . We should n't forget that the Afghans themselves are targets of these kinds of attacks , as well , " he said . Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , appeared at the news conference with Panetta . Allen is convening a conference of senior coalition commanders , and Afghan security ministers are having a summit on the issue , Dempsey said . He stressed that Afghan security forces are also suffering from the same trend and noted that President Hamid Karzai has condemned the attacks . He cited an instance where Afghan soldiers who were killed when they came to the aid of their American counterparts in one of the attacks . Official : Man in Afghan security uniform kills 3 U.S. troops "  There 's far more stories about the positive relationship than there is about this particular insider attack trend , but it is one that we have to remain seized with and focused on , " he said . "  Unknown but important , they 've discharged hundreds of soldiers who did indicate ... that some of these young men had the capability to be radicalized , either by virtue of travel back and forth to Pakistan , by literature , by language , by music . " Nevertheless , Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed Omar has claimed that fighters are infiltrating Afghan security forces to attack NATO-led forces on their bases . "  Many Afghans in the rank and files of the enemy have shown a willingness to help the  Taliban  in a shrewd manner , " said a statement posted on militant websites Thursday and obtained by SITE Intelligence Group , which monitors the activities of militant groups on the Web . "  As a result , the foreign invaders and their allies at their military centers and bases are suffering crushing blows by these heroic soldiers . " Panetta said that "  one of the reasons the Taliban is targeting in this manner , we believe , is the success that our Afghan partners are having on the battlefield . The reality is , the Taliban has not been able to regain any territory lost , and so they 're resorting to these kinds of attacks to create havoc . " And , Panetta said , there 's "  no one source " for the attacks . Some are people "  who , for one reason or another , are upset and suddenly take it out . We 've seen that here in the United States oftentimes . " Sometimes , they are people who are n't Taliban but become radicalized , he said . "  They use cell phones to tune into various , you know , stations that provide incentives for that type of thing . And so we 've seen some of that take place in some of these attacks . And then others , you know , have some Taliban ties , " Panetta said . "  It 's difficult to kind of draw any kind of firm conclusion as to just exactly , you know , whether this is kind of a pattern , a broad pattern . As a matter of fact , at least from everybody I 've talked to at this point , you know , these seem to be incidents that are taking place and oftentimes caused by different backgrounds of the individuals involved . " Bergen , who wrote the column for CNN and the New America Foundation with Jennifer Rowland , said the "  motivations of about half the attackers are difficult to classify because the perpetrator is either dead or has fled . Citing media accounts , Bergen and Rowland say many of the "  green-on-blue " attacks appear to have occurred after quarrels between Afghan and international troops , or because the Afghan soldier has "  personal grievances . " They cite a Department of Defense report in April that said "  investigations have determined that a large majority of green-on-blue attacks are not attributable to insurgent infiltration of the ANSF -LSB- Afghan National Security Forces , -RSB- but are due to isolated personal grievances against coalition personnel . " They said one military behavioral scientist who interviewed more than 600 Afghan soldiers and policemen last year "  found they held overwhelmingly negative perceptions of Western soldiers . " "  The Afghan security forces aired grievances ranging from NATO soldiers ' supposedly indiscriminate fire that killed civilians to the public searching of Afghan soldiers outside NATO bases , as well as U.S. soldiers urinating in public or cursing at their Afghan counterparts , " according to the authors . Another cause of the increase in the attacks over the past two years is the growth of the Afghan army and police force , Bergen and Rowland say . Afghan police officer fires on NATO troops	The coalition has formed a "  guardian angel " program Counterintelligence has been bolstered to finger Taliban double agents The forces are working to improve their recruit vetting process Analysts say "  personal grievances " have caused many of the attacks
CNN  -- IN FOCUS : Abu Dhabi 's aerospace ambitions The Middle East is fast becoming a major hub for air travel and aviation technology . Recently the world 's leading aircraft companies gathered in Abu Dhabi for the Global Aerospace Summit . At the summit , Strata , a division of Abu Dhabi 's development fund , Mubadala , unveiled a $ 1 billion deal with Boeing to build airplane parts of carbon composite . MME spends a day on the factory floor . FACETIME : George Whitesides , President & CEO , Virgin Galactic This week marked the final voyage of the space shuttle and it was to a museum . The United States retired its space shuttles last year due to a lack of funding . Now , the private sector has stepped into space exploration . Virgin Galactic was one of the first and for a price tag of $ 200,000 , you could be on your way to space . MME sits down with the man behind the out-of-this-world experience , George Whitesides . Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  all GMT  : Thursdays : 1545 , Fridays : 0845 , Saturdays : 0615 , Sundays : 0515 , 1545	Middle East is rising as a hub for air travel and aviation technology MME visits the factory floor of Abu Dhabi 's Strata which recently unveiled $ 1 billion deal with Boeing MME sits down with George Whitesides , president and CEO of Virgin Galactic
London  CNN  -- Two iconic teams , each boasting a history and tradition that spans generations , will go head-to-head for club football 's biggest prize on Saturday . Manchester United , the champions of England , face Barcelona , the champions of Spain , at London 's famous Wembley Stadium for the right to be crowned Europe 's best . These are teams whose exploits inspire emotions and evoke memories that are embedded in the psyche of fans all over the globe . But who will triumph in the UEFA Champions League final -- the culmination of a competition that began with qualifying rounds in June last year -- when the two titans clash in front of 86,000 avid supporters and millions more watching around the world ? Will it be United , the home of the Busby Babes , George Best and David Beckham -- or Barca , where football legends Diego Maradona , Johan Cruyff and Lionel Messi are revered ? Pinto 's picks : The European season in hindsight CNN gives you the lowdown on why this match is so special , and why so many neutrals will be tuning in to watch the outcome . UEFA 's dream final Spain 's Primera Liga and England 's Premier League are regarded as the two best leagues in European football . However , only once in 55 previous finals have both countries ' respective champions faced each other . Manchester United and Barcelona were also the finalists on that occasion two years ago in Rome , with the Spanish side running out 2-0 winners . And with only German champions Borussia Dortmund sandwiched between Barcelona  79,000  and Manchester United  75,000  in Europe 's average home attendance table , it means demand for final tickets is almost unprecedented . With each club receiving just 25,000 tickets apiece , at prices ranging from $ 490 for the most expensive to $ 245 for the cheapest , never before will so many fans be watching from the comfort of their TV screens . UEFA spokesman Kimmo Bellmann told CNN : "  We expect viewing figures to be in excess of 300 million , which will make it the biggest final in the history of the European Champions League . "  The match will be aired in 220 territories by 113 broadcasters , while there will be 180 cameras covering the action , of which 38 will be in high definition . " UEFA has been accused of pricing fans out of attending the match , but the reality is that the ruling body could fill Wembley three times over because of the support that both teams generate . Financial fortune A report commissioned by sponsors MasterCard predicts that the winners of the final will enjoy a record economic windfall of around $ 180 million . The figure is based on a combination of official prize money , an increase in squad value , enhanced media rights and greater brand equity . Even the losers will receive in the region of $ 105 million for their efforts . Professor Simon Chadwick , author of the report , said : "  Manchester United versus Barcelona is the dream final as far as most football fans are concerned . "  But the English and Spanish champions are two of the most successful teams off the pitch too . They will collectively scoop $ 285 million , making this the most lucrative final in European club football 's history . " Chadwick added : "  Forbes magazine last year listed Manchester United as the most valuable sports brand on the planet , while Barcelona claimed eighth spot in the league table . "  While the Champions League is a strong brand in its own right , the nature and strength of the brand is clearly heavily influenced by its constituent parts -- the participating clubs . " Battle of the giants Alongside Real Madrid , Barcelona and Manchester United are the two biggest clubs in European soccer -- with a tradition for playing the game with style and panache . Such is their popularity , they attract fans from all over the world , not just the Catalan region of Spain or the north-west of England . Barcelona have more than 1,300 officially registered supporters ' clubs globally , with estimates that 25 % of the Spanish population follows Barca . Meanwhile , United have long been recognized as the most supported football team in the world . The club 's official Facebook page became the fastest growing of any sports side in the world , registering almost 2.4 million followers within two months of being set up in July 2010 . Accountancy firm Deloitte recently estimated United had 75 million fans worldwide , although other estimates have the figure at a mind-blowing 300 million -- largely based on huge income streams from Asia , where the club has a massive following . United officially recognize over 200 supporters clubs in 24 countries , with huge swathes of support coming from the south of England , many miles from the club 's Lancashire roots . The 22 players Not every soccer fan supports Barcelona or Manchester United , but nearly every follower will be monitoring proceedings on television , radio or the Internet . As well as attracting worldwide support , there will be millions of fans willing either of the teams to lose -- especially in Madrid and Liverpool , where the bitter rivals of both clubs are based . For those neutrals just wanting to watch a game of soccer , a treat could well be in store . Busquets free for Champions League final This current Barcelona side is being widely touted as the greatest to ever grace club football . Packed to the brim with players who helped Spain win the 2008 European Championship and 2010 World Cup final , they also have the best player in the world among their ranks . Argentina forward Messi is blessed with remarkable skill , balance and control and the 23-year-old is following in the footsteps of both Dutchman Cruyff and compatriot Maradona in starring for Barca while being universally recognized as the number one player on the planet . Add to the list the attacking talents of David Villa , Xavi Hernandez , Andres Iniesta and Dani Alves , as well as the defensive steel of Carlos Puyol and Gerard Pique -- the only player on view who has played for both teams after starting his senior career at United before returning to the Camp Nou -- then it 's easy to see why the Spanish side are favored to win the match . Under coach Pep Guardiola , already a Catalan hero for his time as player with the club , Barca have won three Spanish league titles in a row and are on the verge of a second Champions League title in that period -- a remarkable record . United come into the game on the back of sealing a record 19th domestic league title , a significant achievement as it moved them clear of rivals Liverpool . They boast the greatest English player of his generation , striker Wayne Rooney , and golden oldies Ryan Giggs  37  and goalkeeper Edwin van der Sar  40  -- the latter will be retiring at the end of the match . Why Scottish coaches rule English football But perhaps United 's main hope of halting Barca lies with manager Alex Ferguson , who can lay claim to being the greatest coach in soccer history . In his 25 years in charge of the club , Ferguson has won 12 league titles and countless other domestic trophies . If he leads United to victory on Saturday , he will become the first manager to win three Champions League titles . Battle for supremacy The original European Cup was initiated in 1955 by French newspaper L'Equipe , under the jurisdiction of UEFA . Although the eventual premise was to involve only teams who had won their domestic league titles , in the early days L'Equipe actually invited those teams it considered to have the most fan appeal to participate . Barcelona 's Spanish rivals Real Madrid dominated in its formative years , taking the trophy in the first five years , while English clubs dominated from 1976 to 1982 , winning six times in a row courtesy of Liverpool , Nottingham Forest and Aston Villa . The format remained the same until 1992 , when UEFA created the Champions League , involving not only domestic champions but also teams who finished second , third and fourth in their respective leagues . United and Barca both won the competition once under the old format  United in 1968 and Barca in 1992 -- ironically both times also at Wembley  . And , since the introduction of the Champions League , the two teams have maintained identical records , both winning the cup twice and losing in the final once . Saturday 's match will see one of the teams claim their fourth European title , overtaking the beaten finalist in the all-time winners ' table . The wonder of Wembley To much national debate , Wembley Stadium , the recognized home of soccer in England -- the country where the sport originated -- was closed in 2000 , ahead of a controversial proposal to raze it to the ground before building a new arena on the same site . Football cathedral prepares for final The stadium 's dramatic opening in 1923 set the trend for 77 years of iconic images . That year , an estimated crowd of over 200,000 piled in to the newly-built arena to watch the FA Cup final between Bolton and West Ham , spilling onto the pitch numerous times only to be dispersed by a policeman on a white horse . That initial "  White Horse Final " proved the prelude for a lifetime of sporting and non-sporting memories that gives Wembley its legendary status . From local hero Henry Cooper knocking down the greatest heavyweight boxer of them all  Cassius Clay in 1963 before he changed his name to Muhammad Ali  to England captain Bobby Moore wiping his muddy hands before accepting the 1966 World Cup trophy from Queen Elizabeth II , Wembley Stadium has been at the forefront of English folklore . But perhaps the most famous date in the stadium 's history fell on July 13 , 1985 , when 72,000 music fans attended Live Aid , a 10-hour concert to raise funds for famine relief in Ethiopia which featured some of the biggest names in British music history coming together on an emotional and unforgettable balmy evening . When the new $ 1.3 billion Wembley Stadium finally opened its doors in 2007 , following various legal disputes between its constructors and the English Football Association , seven long years had passed . Now , four years later , the famous stadium will stage its biggest match since being rebuilt .	Manchester United will face Barcelona in the Champions League final at Wembley Both teams are aiming to become European champions for the fourth time The final is a repeat of the 2009 final in Rome , when Barcelona triumphed 2-0 UEFA expects viewing figures of over 300 million people worldwide
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama and Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh agreed Tuesday to team up and tackle a checklist of economic , nuclear , security and environmental challenges . Obama welcomed the Indian leader to the White House on Tuesday in what is the first state visit of his presidency . The two men had what they called a productive sit-down meeting before briefing reporters . "  I believe that the relationship between the United States and India will be one of the defining partnerships of the 21st century " and will reflect the "  strategic dialogue " between the countries , Obama said , calling India "  the world 's largest multiethnic democracy " with a fast-growing economy . "  We 're the world 's two largest democracies . We have a range of shared values and ideals . We 're both entrepreneurial societies . We 're both multiethnic societies . We are societies that believe in human rights and core freedoms that are enshrined in our founding documents , " said Obama , who also stressed the dynamic role of the growing Indian-American community . Singh 's visit comes amid his country 's continued tense relationship with nuclear rival Pakistan , regional concerns over the Afghan war and the burgeoning trade relationship between the U.S. and India . It also follows a year after the deadly terror attack on the Indian city of Mumbai . Obama said he and Singh "  agreed to strengthen the economic recovery and expand trade and investment " to create jobs from both nations . "  Indian investment in America is creating and sustaining jobs across the United States , and the United States is India 's largest trading and investment partner , " Obama said . Obama said he reaffirmed his administration 's commitment to implement a civil nuclear agreement with India , which Singh signed with former President George W. Bush . Both countries are attempting to put the finishing touches on the deal , which would provide for the development of Indian nuclear power for peaceful uses . Obama also supported Singh 's backing for nuclear nonproliferation efforts . "  I look forward to ... India 's participation as a full partner in our shared vision of a world without nuclear weapons , " he said . Ahead of next month 's Copenhagen climate change framework meeting , Obama said he and Singh settled on a "  comprehensive " agreement that would "  cover all the issues under negotiation " and would build on what the president called the "  progress " of his recent trip to China . Obama said he and the Indian prime minister have agreed to pursue new efforts , such as a clean energy initiative , more affordable energy , a green partnership to reduce poverty and an effort to phase out subsidies for fossil fuels . "  We resolved to take significant national mitigation actions that will strengthen the world 's ability to combat climate change . We agreed to stand by these commitments with full transparency , through appropriate processes , as to their implementation , " he said . As for security , he and Singh decided to work closer on information-sharing to prevent the kind of militant attack that happened in Mumbai last year , and they discussed Obama 's Afghan policy review , which is expected to lead to an announcement on troop levels next week . Obama said the pair agreed to widen education exchanges in science and technology and ties between universities and colleges . He said both countries want researchers to work together to reduce hunger and fight disease . Singh also touched on the same topics and invited Obama and his family to visit India , an invitation the U.S. leader accepted . Noting the global economic crisis illustrates "  the fact that our prosperity is interlinked , " Singh reiterated Obama 's remarks on tightening trade and investment ties . "  We admire the leadership that President Obama has provided to stimulate and guide the -LSB- Group of 20 -RSB- process that is now fully in place , " he said . He also endorsed collaboration in education , health and agriculture . "  We will deepen our ongoing cooperation in frontier areas of science and technology , nuclear power and space , " Singh said , also noting the two agreed on the early and "  full implementation of our civil nuclear cooperation agreement . " As for climate change , he said he and Obama "  have agreed on the need for a substantive and comprehensive outcome which would cover mitigation , adaptation , finance and technology . " Singh also brought up another issue : that the U.S.-India "  strategic partnership should facilitate transfer of high technologies to India . " "  The lifting of U.S. export controls on high-technology exports to India will open vast opportunities for joint research and development efforts , " he said . "  It will enable U.S. industry to benefit from the rapid economic and technological transformation that is now under way in our country . " On Afghanistan , Singh pointed out the importance of helping the war-wracked country emerge "  as a modern state . " "  The forces of terrorism in our region pose a grave threat to the entire civilized world and have to be defeated . President Obama and I have decided to strengthen our cooperation in the area of counterterrorism . " On Tuesday evening , Singh and his wife , Gursharan Kaur , will attend a state dinner in a tent on the South Lawn , with Oscar-winning singer-actress Jennifer Hudson scheduled to entertain the black-tie crowd . Singh 's visit -- his second to Washington after a meeting with Bush -- will last five days . He arrived in the United States on Sunday . He attended a luncheon Monday hosted by the U.S. India Business Council and U.S. Chamber of Commerce , and he addressed the Council on Foreign Relations . On Wednesday , Singh will meet with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Defense Secretary Robert Gates and later will attend a reception for the Indian community hosted by Meera Shankar , the Indian ambassador to the U.S. Singh on Thursday will fly to Port of Spain , Trinidad and Tobago , to attend the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting . The 77-year-old Singh is a Cambridge - and Oxford-educated economist who was governor of the Reserve Bank of India from 1982-1985 and the nation 's finance minister from 1991-1996 . A member of the Congress Party , he is serving a second five-year term as prime minister . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	NEW : Afghanistan , climate change , economy , nuclear civil deal on two leaders ' agenda Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is on first state visit of Obama presidency Singh will attend White House state dinner President Obama accepts invitation to visit India
CNN  -- The night before he turned 40 , Rich Roll had what he calls a "  moment of clarity . " Overweight and out of shape , Roll had to stop to catch his breath while walking up the stairs of his Southern California home . Roll , now a father of four , feared he was close to a heart attack . That low point prompted the entertainment attorney and former college swimmer to lose weight and get healthy . Roll not only followed through on his promise to himself and his family , he transformed his body and his life . He adopted a vegan or plant-based diet and six months later , with almost no experience , entered the extreme endurance event known as Ultraman . Ultraman is like a super-size triathlon . It 's a three-day race covering 320 miles on the big island of Hawaii , including a 10-kilometer ocean swim , more than 260 miles by bike and a double marathon run . Not only did Roll finish the race , he placed 11th overall . He went on to compete in more endurance events , including EPIC5 , finishing five Ironmans on five Hawaiian islands in less than a week . His accomplishments have attracted international attention and praise . In 2009 , Men 's Fitness magazine named Roll one of the "  25 Fittest Men in the World . " Roll is telling his amazing and inspirational story in the new book "  Finding Ultra : Rejecting Middle Age , Becoming One of the World 's Fittest Men , and Discovering Myself . " He 's encouraging everyone , especially middle-aged fathers , to improve their diet , fitness and long-term health . He took time out of his busy schedule to talk to CNN this week . The following is an edited transcript : CNN : Just about five years ago , you turned yourself into one of the fittest men on the planet . How are you doing today at age 45 ? Rich Roll : I feel fantastic and I continue to learn and refine and try to do it better . Like most people , my life is busy , and recently with the book I have n't been able to train as regularly as I 've become accustomed to over the past several years . So when I 'm not on my schedule the way I like to be , then I do n't feel as good . But in the balance of things looking back from 5Â 1/2 years ago to where I am now , it 's nothing short of remarkable . If anything I am more a believer than I ever have been in the program that I talk about in the book and have every intention of continuing on this path . At the time , five years ago , all I wanted to do was lose a little weight and feel better . I had no idea it would lead to the life that I 'm leading now . It 's crazy . CNN : Between your family , your job and training , what 's a typical day like for you ? Roll : My schedule is different every day . Often it 's dictated by what the kids have going on and what their activities happen to be so I take a tip from that . It 's very fluid . I try not to be too strict every day because then I get frustrated when things do n't work out the way I want them to . So I try to remain open . Generally , I get up early , I take my kids to school ; then I try to squeeze in a training session , then I get some work done , then I try to squeeze another training session in . I 'll pick my kids up from school . I 'll work for another couple of hours . I 'll have dinner with my kids , and quite often I work late into the night . See Dr. Sanjay Gupta interview Rich Roll in 2010 CNN : What does it take to make such a major lifestyle change ? Is it a question of willpower ? Roll : I think it 's a little bit more than that . I think the important thing to bear in mind , that 's been incredibly helpful to me in many instances in my life , is to remember that mood follows action . I think it 's very easy to say I 'll get to that when I feel better or when I 'm in the right mood , then I 'll do that , or when the universe aligns and everything is perfect , then I 'll dust off that dream , but it never happens . The action has to come first . You have to take the action before you know where it 's going to lead you without knowing the outcome and irrespective of your mind-set or how you feel at the time . That 's key and the other thing is to emphasize the importance of those dreams we all have because life is short , and there 's no time like the present to set them in motion . My hope is that people can see through the extreme endurance event aspect of the book and realize that 's purely intended as metaphor . Not everyone who reads my book will want to do Ultraman or become 100 % vegan , but I hope it serves as inspiration for whatever that thing is you 've had in the back of your mind that you always wanted to do . There is a way and a means to breathe life into those things if you 're willing to prioritize it in a way you have n't done before . CNN : What advice would you give to those inspired after reading your book ? Roll : The biggest thing is to not overcomplicate it and just start . You do n't have to have the whole thing mapped out . You do n't have to know where it 's going to lead you . You should n't get caught up in the results of it . You just need to begin and embrace the journey and be open to where it 's going to lead you . CNN : How do you maintain a balance and find time for it all ? Roll : Balance is very difficult . It 's something I 'm always chasing and pursuing . I 'm always trying to get that recipe , that chemistry perfect , but the truth is you ca n't do everything every day so something 's got to give . I 'm not a professional athlete ; nobody 's paying me to race . I do n't make any money doing it . I 've made a little bit of money writing the book but not enough to support my family , so I have to work just like everybody else . When I 'm training then , I 'm not earning so I have to be reasonable about the whole thing . I 'm just like every other dad in that regard . CNN : You 've accomplished so much in the past five years , but what 's your next goal ? Roll : Certainly I want to continue to push my body and see what it 's capable of in an athletic concept . I love doing that , and I will continue to look for athletic challenges . That will be something I will always do , but I would say that my priorities have shifted a little bit . Now my focus and what 's most important to me professionally is spreading a healthy message . I want to help inspire people through the book or get them to make healthier choices about their eating . I 'm hoping the book will create a platform for me to be able to go around the country and speak to groups and kids at schools or corporations and get people eating better . Being able to have a positive impact on somebody 's health , there 's nothing better than that . It 's extremely gratifying . So my hope and my aspiration is to be able to play a small role in trying to create a healthier America . Read an excerpt from "  Finding Ultra "	Rich Roll was overweight and out of shape on the eve of his 40th birthday Roll decided to get fit , and within months , he competed in a grueling triathlon The father of four says he hopes to be an example to others facing life 's challenges
CNN  Italians have a saying : "  Too much of something cripples it . " We 're overcrowded with so many frescoed churches , medieval castles and Roman ruins that we simply do n't know what to do with them , let alone care for a proper upkeep . We 've turned blind to their value and beauty . There are nearly 5,000 "  gems " scattered across the country , ranging from museums to archaeological areas and monuments . Italy boasts the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage sites in the world -- 50 , several of which risk crumbling to the ground due to neglect and lack of public resources . And there are another 42,000 that are at the mercy of mudslides , floods and natural calamities . The UNESCO-listed Basilica of Assisi , where St. Frances ' tomb lies , is just the last of a series of national shames . Its frescoed walls by Renaissance masters including Giotto risk falling down and are badly in need of a restyle . In a desperate move the monks have launched a crowdfunding project to raise 500,000 euros . We 're talking of one of the biggest pilgrimage sites in the world -- not to mention its artistic value . I remember once an American colleague asking me : "  But what does Italy do with its immense cultural heritage " ? Good question . If other nations had half as much of what we boast , they 'd make a much better job with it . Paradoxically , if we had just the Coliseum or Venice it would be easier . But we do n't and trouble is Italy does n't know how to exploit this treasure . Take the British Museum 's successful exhibition on Pompeii in 2013 : we have the real site in our backyard but the British made the best of it worldwide while the real Pompeii was -- and still is -- making global headlines just because of its frequent collapses . Or , worse , Italy could n't care less to promote its assets . As a travel writer I have the misfortune of dealing with tourist offices almost on a daily basis and it 's a battle : many are reluctant to give information and have no good photos of places . I find myself almost begging them , when it should be the other way round . The true but sad thing is that restyling in Italy is mainly thanks to private funds and sponsors . Crowdfunding has already saved Bologna 's San Luca Portico . The Coliseum is getting a makeover thanks to shoe brand Todd 's , while a few visionary businessmen are rescuing crumbling villages by turning them into luxury resorts . Yet it 's not just a matter of scarce public resources or austerity-driven measures . It 's also about not having a sense of artistic and cultural attachment , the care to cherish a country 's valuable monuments . And that 's because Italians have always lacked a sense of national belonging : Italy , despite its millenary history , is one of the world 's most modern states , unified in 1861 . Patriot Massimo D'Azeglio once said : "  Now that we 've made Italy , we need to make Italians . " Tough job indeed , and we 're still a long way to go . There 's also wide-spread approach that tends to limit restyling in general . Heritage authorities are in love with the Romantic ideal "  of decadent ruins " : better leave the monument or site as it is , even allow it to rot , rather than recover it and "  destroy its original beauty . " Each time new subway works bring to light an unknown Roman theatre or necropoli , it all freezes - the public works and the artistic upkeep . Preservation is equal to negligence and oblivion . But that 's a blind approach . There 's so much Italy could do with what it has , that it could live off tourism . Symbola Foundation estimates that culture and art , if well exploited , could generate a turnover of 214 billion euros a year , amounting to 15.3 % of GDP . Another thorny issue is having a cheap culture . Entrance tickets to the Coliseum , Italy 's top site that each year lures more than 6 million tourists , cost a maximum of 12 euros . Matera 's rock crypts are 5 euros . Not to mention churches featuring Michelangelo 's works , which are free to enter . The first time I visited Westminster Abbey in London , and St. Patrick 's church in Dublin , I was shocked to find out I had to pay to get in . And it was quite expensive , too . One could argue that Italy does well to open for free the Lord 's doors , but probably in some "  critical " cases a minimum cost to enter would n't hurt . The country 's mindset needs to change , too . Monuments and works of art are not dead , but living things that deserve to be sexed-up once in a while . If we do n't have enough space to showcase all of them or the money for their maintenance , why not give them over to other countries to run ? Or sell them to rich businessmen ? Similar options make state authorities ' hair stand on end : they stress art belongs to the Italian people and should remain in public hands -- even if it 's inaccessible and unenjoyable . Yet is it better to have a public ruin or a private , thriving multimedia museum ? The Uffizi Galleries ' secret cellars are stacked with 2,500 forgotten masterpieces , which could be leased out to privates . Curators fear the artworks could get damaged if moved . But cobwebs and dust can do no harm , right ? Our sunny piazzas , bridges and frescoed castles should be regularly rented out for lavish ceremonies and weddings of billionaires couples or for major company events that would bring millions of euros to cities ' coffers . And who cares if for one single evening residents are unable to park their car in front of their palazzo ? There are also 6,000 abandoned medieval "  ghost towns " that could be recovered or sold to revamp local economy . The state should also speed up the process of putting up for auction hundreds of artistic sites and historical buildings to privates and international investors who get to run them for 50 years . Since the project launch in 2012 so far just two restyles have worked out , one being a Renaissance villa in Florence turned into a deluxe spa resort . Fine , Rome was n't built in a day . But it could crumble in an hour .	Italy boasts the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage sites in the world Italy does n't know how to exploit treasures , and appears not to care about them , writes Silvia Marchetti
CNN  -- If you have ever fancied yourself as a movie director but thought it was too difficult or expensive , think again . The answer could be in your pocket . The technology to make a movie could be sitting in your pocket -- a mobile phone . Mobile technology , which allows you to shoot video with a phone small enough to fit in your back pocket , means it has never been simpler to translate your story to the screen . CNN 's The Screening Room Mobile Phone Movie competition is inviting potential filmmakers to showcase their talents by making a short film on a mobile phone . You do n't need to worry about complicated editing equipment either . If you have a computer , you can use any of the simple video editing software widely available , or why not just edit in-phone . Read our tips for first-time mobile phone movie-makers here Once you have made your film , it could n't be simpler to enter : Just shoot a short film of up to five minutes , on any subject , using your mobile phone , and upload it as a video response to this video no later than midnight on 25 May 2009 . Click here for step-by-step instructions on how to enter the competition . If you are successful , your film could be watched by millions of people from all over the world on CNN.com , or maybe even CNN TV . So , there 's no excuse not to grab your phone and join the movie-making revolution . Just remember , you must read the Terms and Conditions before you submit your video .	Enter CNN 's The Screening Room Mobile Phone competition Submit a short film made on a mobile phone and you could see it on CNN.com Grab your phone and join the movie-making revolution
As April 15 approaches , the fact that we tell time in circles brings us to remember the attack on the Boston Marathon one year ago . But what exactly is there to remember ? Beyond the facts , what 's worth keeping so close that it becomes a part of ourselves ? That matters . Every memory changes us , so what we choose to remember depends on -- and reveals -- what sort of people we want to be . Of course , the memories of the three people who were killed that day certainly will stay forever in the hearts of those who knew and loved them . The pain of the survivors will not be forgotten quickly . But for those of us who do not know any of the victims , what does it mean to remember their pain and the suffering of their loved ones ? That terrible things happen ? That sometimes those terrible things are caused on purpose ? We 'll be reminded of those facts by the heightened security at the 2014 Boston Marathon . It would be foolish to forget that the marathon is an inviting target . Why hundreds will race for Boston But focusing solely on the pain and loss of the victims does n't lead us any further . In fact , if taken to an extreme , it can cause us to forget some of our rights and freedoms , just as the memory of 9/11 's horrors led us to cede freedoms of movement and privacy to which we had been long accustomed . So we will learn lessons about security -- perhaps not all of them appropriate . More positively , what should we be remembering and thus letting change us ? For me , one thing to remember is that not a single person who made it to the local medical facilities died . Not one . In part it was because of the calm determination of those who took care of the injured at the site , moving them to medical facilities where professionals cared for them immediately and through long rehabilitations . It 's well worth remembering that in the midst of chaos and danger , the needs of others can drive off our fear . But from this I also remember the importance of having a medical infrastructure in place , with people and equipment ready to help . The power of training , dedication and an investment in facilities is worth remembering , and then acting on . I remember how wrong the mainstream media went in its early reportage , and how lost we could become on the Web . The mainstream media made flat-out errors , and a discussion at Reddit misidentified a killer , causing the falsely accused student 's family great pain . We should remember that there are consequences to idle speculation . That should make us more patient and more tentative in our judgments . Knowledge can be hurried but not rushed . Boston bombing survivor , a year later Likewise , I remember being shocked that the younger of the brothers accused in the attack was described so warmly by his school friends as an accepting and empathetic person . From these descriptions , we could learn that no one is to be trusted . I take a different lesson , although one not nearly as neat and clean : People are infinitely complex and never entirely knowable . I remember the day Boston stayed inside as the killers were hunted . We did this not out of fear -- the chance that they would come down your street with guns blazing was minuscule -- but because it was all we could do to help bring to justice the murderers who attacked our city at a moment of civic celebration . Boston was strong because Bostonians acted in solidarity . That strength is well worth remembering . And then there is the memory of the murderers themselves . But I see no reason to remember their names .	David Weinberger : What is worth remembering a year after the Boston Marathon attack ? He says the victims , of course , but also professionals who saved those taken to hospitals Investment in medicine made care possible , and Bostonians helped each other , he says Weinberger : Media , Web often got things wrong , showing dangers of idle speculation
CNN  -- Though he told authorities that the devil made him do it , Satanists disapproved , after a man allegedly shattered a stone copy of the Ten Commandments last week . The man is accused of running his car on Friday into a controversial 6-foot-tall granite tablet of the biblical edicts erected near Oklahoma City 's Capitol , CNN affiliate KFOR reported . He then left his car standing near the monument , which -- as photos showed -- was smashed asunder through the second commandment : "  Thou shalt not take the Name of the Lord thy God in vain . " He walked into the Federal Building , where he made threats against President Obama and the federal government , KFOR reported , citing U.S. Secret Service agents . The man told the agents that the devil made him wreck the religious monument , which was placed at the Capitol in late 2012 . He also said he was mentally ill and had stopped taking his medication . He has been detained at a mental health facility for evaluation . Condemnation of the destruction came quickly from two sources that have railed against the monument -- the ACLU of Oklahoma and the Satanic Temple . The ACLU filed suit last year against the presence of the monument on state property , and on Friday , said that it would keep fighting for its removal , because it feels it violates the Constitution . But the organization was also "  outraged at this apparent act of vandalism . " "  The Ten Commandments constitute a strong foundation in our clients ' deeply held religious beliefs , " the Oklahoma ACLU said in a statement . The Satanic Temple has demanded to have a monument of its own erected next to the Judeo-Christian one . And it still wants it , but "  only alongside the 10 Commandments , " it said in a statement posted by KFOR . "  If our monument stands at the state Capitol , we want it to complement and contrast the Ten Commandments , with both standing unmolested as a testament to American religious freedom and tolerance . " The Satanists could well have that wish fulfilled , but only in part . Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin has vowed to have the Ten Commandments monument rebuilt . .	A man allegedly rams his car into a Ten Commandments monument The 6-foot granite copy of the biblical edicts has drawn criticism from a civil rights group The ACLU still wants the monument gone -- but legally ; it condemns the apparent vandalism The Satanic Temple also condemned the monument 's destruction as violation of free speech
CNN  -- A White House national security official was fired after sending sometimes insulting messages on Twitter under a fake name , a senior administration official said . The story about National Security Council Director of Nonproliferation Jofi Joseph was first reported by the Daily Beast . Joseph was fired for messages sent on the account @natsecwonk , the administration official confirmed to CNN 's Jake Tapper . That account had been deleted Tuesday evening . The Daily Beast reported the account had been used to send messages to the foreign policy community since 2011 . The website said some of the tweets contained messages that insulted top White House officials . Teacher suspended after giving student a Twitter lesson In one , @natsecwonk wrote , "  I 'm a fan of Obama , but his continuing reliance and dependence upon a vacuous cipher like Valerie Jarrett concerns me . " In other Twitter messages , the Daily Beast said he was critical of Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes and Secretary of State John Kerry . His messages were also critical of Republicans , foreign policy experts and others . In one tweet , the Daily Beast said he wrote , "  So when will someone do us the favor of getting rid of Sarah Palin and the rest of her white trash family ? What utter useless ... " CNN attempted to contact Joseph but has not yet received a response . U.S. court says ` liking ' something on Facebook is free speech	The official fired was Jofi Joseph , an official confirms Joseph was the director for nonproliferation at the National Security Council He is accused of sending insults under the name @natsecwonk His insults included Valerie Jarrett , John Kerry and Sarah Palin , according to a report
CNN  -- Former "  Bachelor " contestant Gia Allemand was hospitalized after suffering "  a serious emergency medical event " in New Orleans Monday night , her representative said Tuesday . Allemand , 29 , was listed in critical condition at University Hospital , according to a statement given to CNN . The representative said details of the medical emergency "  are currently not known . " "  On behalf of the family , we kindly ask for privacy at this time , " the statement said . "  Further statements will be released as more information becomes available . " Her mother and long-term boyfriend Ryan Anderson , who plays for the NBA 's New Orleans Pelicans , are with her , her rep said . Allemand appeared on Season 14 of ABC 's reality dating competition "  The Bachelor , " which aired in 2010 , opposite commercial airline pilot Jake Pavelka . While she did n't get the final rose , she went on to compete on the first two seasons of the spinoff show "  Bachelor Pad . " Allemand 's Twitter account describes her as "  Christian . Bachelor 14 . Bachelor Pad 1 & 2 . Pescetarian . Wannabe Poet . Shark Week Enthusiast . Professional Giggler . Pure Barre instructor " from New Orleans . Her biography calls her an actress , model and reality TV contestant . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Allemand , 29 , is in critical condition at New Orleans ' University Hospital Details of the "  serious medical event " are "  currently not known , " rep says She appeared on season 14 of "  The Bachelor " opposite Jake Pavelka
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- A Pakistani man was arrested in Barcelona for links to a group that allegedly supplied forged passports to terrorists close to al Qaeda , Spanish police said Friday . Suspect , Malik Imtanan Sarwar , 30 , was arrested Thursday . He was missing when police arrested 10 suspects in December -- seven in Barcelona and three in Thailand . The man was part of an alleged ring that stole passports in Spain and sent them to Thailand , police said . The passports were forged in Thailand and supplied to groups linked to al Qaeda , the police statement said . . Sarwar was an active part of the group , both in sending stolen documents to Thailand and in securing funds for the group , the statement said . The alleged leader of the group was a Pakistani man based in Thailand . He allegedly gave orders to other suspects in Europe about the type of passports to be stolen -- including the nationality and age of the passport holder -- so they could be sent to Thailand , forged and later used by terrorists to cross borders more easily in Europe and the West , the statement said . "  This operation has neutralized an important cell that provided passports to al Qaeda , so that the forgery apparatus of this organization is weakened internationally , and also its operational capability , " the statement said .	The man , 30 , was missing when police arrested 10 suspects in December Police : He was part of an alleged ring that stole passports in Spain and sent them to Thailand The passports were forged in Thailand and supplied to groups linked to al Qaeda
Tel Aviv , Israel  CNN  -- Gil Shwed is an Israeli programmer and entrepreneur who is regarded as one of the fathers of modern Internet security . He got his first job writing software at the age of 12 , and by 1993 , at the age of 24 , he formed the Internet security company Check Point with two business partners and a borrowed computer in his associate 's grandmother 's apartment in Tel Aviv . Check Point created the first firewall using "  stateful inspection " -- the second-generation of firewall technology widely used today . In the years since , hacking has become big business -- one of the fastest growing areas of crime , according to Interpol , with an estimated global cost of $ 1 trillion a year . Read : Materials that magically mend themselves As a result , his company Check Point now has grown to boast nearly 3,000 staff and accounts for one third of the global security software market , with its security software used by every Fortune 100 company . "  In 1993 , most people did n't know what the Internet is all about , " says Shwed , who sensed the Internet would be big but had no idea it would grow to become as central to modern life as it has . "  I never imagined the Internet to have such a huge effect on the world or for Check Point to be a company that sells for nearly a billion-and-a-half dollars today , " he said . But as vital as the Internet -- and by extension , cyber security -- has become to our lives , few of us really have a handle on how it works . Here , Shwed explains of some of the basic concepts . What 's a firewall ? A firewall is a piece of software or hardware that protects the security of a computer network -- be it a home or business network -- by controlling incoming and outgoing traffic between the network and the rest of the Internet . Some form of security is necessary to protect computer networks from hackers . "  Basically , a simple system connected to the Internet , every hacker can break in in a few seconds . You put some layers of security ; the efforts required to break in are becoming bigger . " A firewall works by analyzing incoming data packets and determining whether they should be allowed through . Read : Smartphone knows if you 're happy or sad "  It can just sit in the entrance to the organization like a door and you block whoever goes in or goes out , " says Shwed . "  It knows how to analyze the traffic and basically classify each type of connection . " Today , firewalls are becoming increasingly complicated , says Shwed . "  There are multiple layers and you need to provide ... many different types of protection , many different types of the system , " he says . "  Today , the firewall does probably ten more things : it knows how to encrypt your traffic when you communicate with mobile devices , it knows how to scan the data for potential leakage ... It knows how to look for very sophisticated attacks ; it knows how to look for bots . " What are bots ? Also known as web robots , bots are software applications that run automated tasks over the Internet , and are often used for malicious purposes . "  Bots are small software agents that sit on our personal computers . They hide there , they communicate with their operator which tells them what bad things to do , " says Shwed . Bots can often be disguised in legitimate-looking content to infect vulnerable computer networks . Read : Will dandelion tires gain traction ? "  The firewall  knows how to find these kinds of communications that disguise themselves in sort of legal communications . " Computers infected with malicious bots can be by directed by the third party controlling them -- known as a "  bot herder " -- to perform tasks en masse , such as a distributed denial of service , or DDoS attack . In a DDoS attack , massive networks of infected "  zombie " computers are directed to target a system with traffic , overloading and effectively crashing the targeted network . How has the threat environment changed ? "  Twenty years ago , the typical hacker was like a student trying to show his technical skills with no bad intentions , " says Shwed . "  Today it 's governments , sophisticated organizations . " He said that "  every business today is facing hundreds , if not thousands of attacks everyday . And these attacks can go from small things that slow you down to bad things that will stop your business right away immediately . "  That motivation can be political , it can be financial -- stealing data or things like that . It can be extortion . " The extortion could take the form of a threat to take down a network if a sum was not paid , or a more subtle approach . "  We 've seen several cases where somebody calls an organization and says ` I 'm a security researcher , I 've found that your company is being targeted . I 'll let you know how to block it if you pay me my consulting fees . ' It can start from small amounts , $ 5000 , $ 15000 . " But while large companies and governments were obvious and attractive targets , home computer users were just as vulnerable , as general attacks were aimed at security vulnerabilities , rather than specific targets . "  The general break-ins are not happening by targeted attacks , by somebody trying to attack you or your organization . The general attacks  come through  tools that scan the Internet and find the place to break in -- and wherever they can break in , they 'll break into . " It sounds overwhelming . Are there any new approaches to the problem ? Shwed 's company has a new product called ThreatCloud , which it bills as the first collaborative approach to fighting cybercrime . "  One of the things we realized about two years ago is that today every company , every person in the world fights cyber threats individually . We all install systems , we 're all being attacked , in many cases , by the same people , thousands of times a day . "  So what we came up with was that idea of a threat cloud . And ThreatCloud is like a collaboration network -- whenever a customer network sees an attack or sees something suspicious , it reports to the ThreatCloud service  which  analyzes threats from multiple sources . "  If it finds out that it 's actually an attack , it can automatically update the rest of the world and let everybody enjoy that intelligence , that know-how that some attack has been happening and everybody should block that source . "	Gil Shwed is the CEO of Check Point , a leading name in computer security software He says Check Point provide security software used by every Fortune 100 company Company launching a new collaborative approach to cyber security called "  ThreatCloud " "  ThreatCloud " will share information on attempted cyber attacks between users
Brave or reckless ? A group of thrill-seeking surfers plunged into raging waters during one of the biggest storms to hit Europe in recent times -- one of them thinks he might have broken the record for riding the biggest wave , while another is recovering in hospital after taking "  the hardest beating by man or woman anywhere in the ocean . " Praia do Norte , at the Portuguese town of Nazare , is renowned for its huge swells -- and Monday brought more with the weather that caused havoc across the continent , killing at least 13 people . Carlos Burle caught one of these , estimated to be around 100 feet high , not long after helping to haul his fellow Brazilian Maya Gabeira out of the pummeling surf after she was knocked unconscious . Gabeira , one of the world 's leading female big-wave surfers , was taken to hospital and escaped with just a broken ankle , while Burle is hoping to have his feat ratified as a Guinness World Record . The daredevil who surfs glacier waves "  It was luck . We never know when we will be catching the wave , " the 45-year-old Burle told Surfer Today . "  I still had n't surfed any wave and everyone had already had their rides . Maya almost died . For me , it was a big adrenaline moment to get back there after what happened . " Burle is hoping to surpass the 2011 record set by American Garrett McNamara , whose 78-foot wave ride was ratified by Guinness the following year . McNamara , who also managed an unconfirmed effort estimated to be around 100 foot at Praia do Norte in January this year , was in the water Monday as part of the support crew for Burle , Gabeira and compatriots Pedro Scooby and Felipe Cesarano . World 's 50 best surf spots "  It was definitely huge with the waves breaking right in front of the rocks , " McNamara wrote on his Facebook page Tuesday . "  Maya Gabeira is the toughest water woman I have ever witnessed . She also caught one of the biggest waves of the day . She took the hardest beating I have ever seen by man or woman anywhere in the ocean and made it close to the shore all on her own . "  What happened after was terrible . It just shows how strong she is and how hard she trained by how well she is doing after going through what happened to her !! Thankfully she will be home from the hospital today . " ` Beauty is a woman riding a wave ' McNamara said they had taken all possible safety precautions . "  On big days we have back up for the back up . 2 safety drivers in place . A team on the cliff with walkie talkies , a team on the beach with quads and life guard , " he wrote . "  What happen to Maya yesterday was extremely unfortunate and thanks to God and everyone on the beach , especially the Nazare lifeguard Nuno for bringing her back . Kite rider - The girl who fought back from the brink "  After having such a close call yesterday it did n't feel right to keep surfing when there were still surfers out there without back up safety so Andrew Cotton , Hugo Vau and I decided to drive 3 jet skis for safety until everyone went in in case there was another emergency . " The surfers intend to stay at Nazare until early December in order to catch more monster waves , according to a report by the Portugal News .	Brazilian surfer catches monster wave in Portugal during Monday 's European storms Carlos Burle hopes to have set a new world record at Praia do Norte near Nazare Fellow Brazilian Maya Gabeira is recovering in hospital after almost drowning Record-holder Garrett McNamara was among the support crew at the beach
Washington  CNN  -- A Maryland man accused of making threats against his workplace and who had a large cache of legally owned weapons was charged Wednesday with a misdemeanor , according to state officials . Neil Prescott , 28 , has been charged with misuse of a telephone and will be formally arrested once he is released from a hospital , where he 's been undergoing a court-ordered mental evaluation . Prescott was taken into custody early Friday morning and a search of his home revealed about 25 weapons , including hand guns and assault rifles , along with 40 large steel boxes of assorted ammunition , officials said . Maryland man who called himself ` joker ' taken into custody Angela Alsobrooks , the state 's attorney for Prince George 's County , said that although Prescott allegedly made serious threats , it was not possible to bring felony charges . "  Maryland does not have a statute on the books that makes it expressly illegal for a person to communicate generalized threats over the telephone , " said Alsobrooks . She said Maryland should have a stronger law about such threats and that she would lobby for one . Alsobrooks also said no weapons charges could be brought because Prescott owns his guns legally . Prescott worked as a subcontractor for Pitney Bowes and was in the process of being fired . On July 23 , he was on the phone with a supervisor and allegedly said several times , "  I am a joker . I 'm going to load my guns and blow everybody up , " according to local police . Police officials said they took the threats seriously and were sensitive to the use of the word ` joker ' in the aftermath of the July 20 mass shooting at an Aurora , Colorado , movie complex showing the latest Batman movie , "  The Dark Knight Rises . " The Joker was the villain in a previous film in the series and also appears in the comic book series that inspired the films . Suspect James Holmes was arrested in the Aurora shootings and charged with murdering 12 people and wounding dozens more . Alsobrooks said that Prescott is still hospitalized in Maryland . If convicted on the misdemeanor charge , he faces a maximum sentence of three years in jail , a fine of $ 500 or both . In a Friday news conference , police also revealed that when they interviewed Prescott on Thursday , he was wearing a T-shirt saying , "  Guns do n't kill people . I do . " Later that day , a judge issued an order for Prescott to be hospitalized for evaluation . Analysis : Fewer U.S. gun owners own more guns Democrats propose limits on online ammo sales CNN 's Ted Metzger contributed to this report .	State 's attorney for Prince George 's County says felony charges not possible Angela Alsobrooks urges stronger threat laws in Maryland Neil Prescott , 28 , has been charged with misuse of a telephone Prescott is in a hospital undergoing mental evaluation
CNN  -- For a new parliament , it was an inauspicious beginning . While most new buildings are inaugurated with a ceremonial shovel , a gentle turning of the first sod and possibly a brass band , Georgia turned the earth on its new parliament by demolishing a 46-meter-high Soviet-era war memorial with explosives . The blast ended in tragedy when it killed a Georgian woman , her 8-year-old daughter and left several more injured . "  According to preliminary information , safety measures were not met , " Murtaz Zodelava , the country 's chief prosecutor , stated at the time . Three years later and the glass dome -- a vast structure that would not be out of place on the set of a science fiction film -- is still dogged by controversy . Costing almost $ 83 million , critics see the building as a gigantic folly in an impoverished country . Others say the decision , which effectively takes the seat of power from the capital Tbilisi and puts it in Georgia 's second city Kutaisi 220 kilometers  137 miles  to the west , will mean less rather than more transparency . For the government of President Mikheil Saakashvili , however , the building represents Georgia 's hopes for the future . His pro-Western government , which suffered a defeat at the hands of Russia 's military in 2008 , has continued to defy its giant neighbor . The destruction of the war memorial , which commemorated Russian and Georgian war dead from World War Two , was denounced by Moscow as an act of "  vandalism " . For Saakashvili , the new parliament sends a potent message to Moscow . "  This new building of our parliament is a symbol of the new Georgia , " Saakashvili said at the official opening of the yet-to-be finished legislature late last month against a backdrop of marching troops and military hardware . He warned in his speech that Moscow still wanted to "  accomplish its cherished dream : to topple Georgia 's government " . "  I am confident that the Georgian people will stand guard to save Georgia 's independence , " he said . "  We have fought so that Georgia would not have a single elite and that the country would not be managed from a single street . " Meanwhile , opposition groups maintain the construction of the parliament has been shrouded in secrecy and at least $ 45.3 million in public funds has been allocated for the project in a ` totally non-transparent ' manner , according to a report by the Tbilisi-based legal advocacy group , Georgian Young Lawyers ' Association  GYLA  , released in April . The GYLA report said papers requested under the country 's freedom of information laws only resulted in the partial release of some documents , while other documents on the public record were not released at all . "  It became obvious from the very beginning of the monitoring that information about construction of the parliament building was totally concealed , " the report reads . "  The absolutely non-transparent process gives a legitimate reason to conclude that 73.77 million Georgian lari  $ 45.3 million  has been handled in an absolutely vague and , possibly , corrupt manner . " The group also maintains that the move to Kutaisi will sideline the country 's opposition , taking the legislature to the industrial city where it will not be called to account by protests or petitioners . The Georgian government , however , is unperturbed by the critics , saying the move makes a clean break from the brutalist Soviet-era architecture that dominates Tbilisi . The Regional Development and Infrastructure Minister , Ramaz Nikolaishvili , who heads the construction work , recently told foreign media on a tour of the site that the building would raise the bar on Georgia 's levels of visual education . "  We do n't want our children 's taste to be ruined by communist architecture , " he said . "  We want beautiful buildings and we want the next generation to grow up with good taste . This will help them live in a better and more dignified way . " CNN 's Eye On series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports	New parliament building being constructed away from capital Tbilisi Structure resembles a huge , glass bubble , cost $ 83 million Critics claim it is an expensive folly in impoverished country President defends it as symbol of revitalized nation
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- An Iranian woman , blinded by a jilted stalker who threw acid in her face , has persuaded a court to sentence him to be blinded with acid himself under Islamic law demanding an eye for an eye . Ameneh Bahrami refused to accept "  blood money . " She insisted instead that her attacker suffer a fate similar to her own "  so people like him would realize they do not have the right to throw acid in girls ' faces , " she told the Tehran Provincial Court . Her attacker , a 27-year-old man identified in court papers as Majid , admitted throwing acid in her face in November 2004 , blinding and disfiguring her . He said he loved her and insisted she loved him as well . He has until early this week to appeal the sentence . Doctors say there is no chance Bahrami will recover her vision , despite repeated operations , including medical care in Spain partially paid for by Iran 's reformist former president , Mohammed Khatami , who was in power when the attack took place . Majid said he was still willing to marry Bahrami , but she ruled out the possibility and urged that he remain locked up . "  I am not willing to get blood money from the defendant , who is still thinking about destroying me and wants to take my eyes out , " she told the court . "  How could he pretend to be in love ? If they let this guy go free , he will definitely kill me . " Bahrami told the court that Majid 's mother had repeatedly tried to arrange a marriage between the two after Majid met Bahrami at university . She rejected the offer , not even sure at first who the suitor was . Her friends told her he was a man who had once harassed her in class , leading to an argument between them . But he refused to accept her rejection , she said , going to her workplace and threatening her . Finally , she lied and told him she had married someone else and that "  it would be better all around if he would leave -LSB- her -RSB- alone . " She told the court that she reported the conversation to police , saying he had threatened her with "  burning for the rest of my life " -- but they said they could not act until a crime had been committed . Two days later , on November 2 , 2004 , as she was walking home from work , she became aware of a man following her . She slowed , then stopped to let him pass . "  When the person came close , I realized that it was Majid , " she said . "  Everything happened in a second . He was holding a red container in his hand . He looked into my eyes for a second and threw the contents of the red container into my face . " Bahrami knew exactly what was happening , she said . "  At that moment , I saw in my mind the face of two sisters who years ago had the same thing happen to them . I thought , ` Oh , my God -- acid . ' " Passers-by tried to wash the acid off Bahrami , then took her to Labafinejad Hospital . "  They did everything possible for me , " she said of the doctors and nurses there . Then , one day , they asked her to sign papers allowing them to operate on her . "  I said , ` Do you want to take my eyes out ? ' The doctor cried and left . " They did want to remove her eyes surgically , she learned , for fear they would become infected , potentially leading to a fatal infection of her brain . But she refused to allow it , both because she was not sure she could handle it psychologically , and because she thought her death would be easier for her family to bear . "  If I had died , my family would probably be sad for a year and mourn my death , and then they would get used to it , " she told the court . "  But now every day they look at me and see that I am slowly wasting away . " The three-judge panel ruled unanimously on November 26 that Majid should be blinded with acid and forced to pay compensation for the injuries to Bahrami 's face , hands and body caused by the acid . That was what she had demanded earlier in the trial . But she did not ask for his face to be disfigured , as hers was . "  Of course , only blind him and take his eyes , because I can not behave the way he did and ask for acid to be thrown in his face , " she said . "  Because that would be -LSB- a -RSB- savage , barbaric act . Only take away his sight so that his eyes will become like mine . I am not saying this from a selfish motive . This is what society demands . " Attacking women and girls by throwing acid in their faces is sufficiently common in countries such as Bangladesh and Cambodia that groups have been formed to fight it . Human rights organizations have condemned the practice in Afghanistan and Pakistan . It is not clear how often such attacks take place in Iran . Iran and Saudi Arabia are the only countries that consider eye-gouging to be a legitimate judicial punishment , Human Rights Watch has said . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	Man admitted throwing acid in Iranian woman 's face in 2004 Attack blinded and disfigured woman , who had rejected his overtures Man , sentenced to blinding by acid , has until early this week to appeal Victim speaks of her life : "  I am slowly wasting away "
CNN  It took six grueling years . But finally , Barack Obama took the chance to look the American people in the eye and declare job done . In his State of the Union address Tuesday night -- more a lofty campaign style rallying call than a traditional plodding policy lecture -- Obama declared he had delivered on what voters first elected him to do : conquering a "  vicious " economic crisis and ending ground wars in the Middle East . "  Tonight , we turn the page , " the president said in his address to a joint session of Congress , trying to make an emphatic break with a turbulent 15-year period when twin shocks from terrorism and financial meltdowns rocked the nation . "  The shadow of crisis has passed , " he said . "  The state of the union is strong . " For the first time in a State of the Union address it sounded like he meant it . The loose and combative Obama who Americans saw on Tuesday night was not the graying , crisis-stifled president who last year seemed weary of his job and failed to mount an effective defense of Democrats as the party lost the Senate in November . There was no sign of contrition , or even an indication he felt at all bloodied by the disastrous mid-terms , in which Democrats lost control of the Senate . Instead , riding a tide of unexpected momentum which has even surprised White House aides , Obama shoved back in the game by wielding executive powers on issues like Cuba and immigration to prove he is still a political force in Washington . "  I have no more campaigns to run , " he said drawing Republican applause , before silencing his foes with a kicker that encapsulates his attitude to an opposition party with which he has feuded for his entire presidency . "  I know -- because I won them both . " "  Middle class economics " He said the "  verdict is clear " that his brand of "  middle class economics " works , and promised to wield his veto against any GOP attempt to roll back reforms on health care and the financial industry . In exactly two years , Obama will be out of the White House . But he could not resist offering a pointer for a Democrat who wants to succeed him -- presumably Hillary Clinton , pushing new doctrines of "  middle class economics " and "  smarter " Middle East policy which would keep ISIS at bay and spare American soldiers from foreign quagmires . Obama 's claim of a new era of prosperity at home and security abroad angered Republicans . Potential candidates blast tax proposals Mitt Romney , an old Obama foe mulling another shot at the White House accused the president of a lack of leadership . "  More intent on winning elections than on winning progress , he ignores the fact that the country has elected a Congress that favors smaller government and lower taxes , " Romney said on Facebook . With fear of homegrown jihadists stalking the West , from Paris to Ottawa and Australia to Belgium , Obama critics say he was in denial over a failing strategy to take on global terrorism . Obama did not mention al-Qaeda at all . And he only referred to the attacks on the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo in passing . "  We stand united with people around the world who have been targeted by terrorists -- from a school in Pakistan to the streets of Paris , " Obama said , but gave no indication that the sudden eruption of home grown jihadism would change his national security strategy . Obama cuts loose during speech "  Instead of sending large ground forces overseas , we 're partnering with nations from South Asia to North Africa to deny safe haven to terrorists who threaten America , " he said . Focus on economy , not terror Potential GOP presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio warned that "  saying wars are over is n't enough to keep us safe . " And even as he declared one era of foreign wars over , the president asked Congress to give him backing to wage another -- albeit the arms length clash using mainly air power -- against ISIS . Obama 's aides said the president saw his address not as a chance to unveil the usual laundry list of programs -- but to tell a "  new story " about a presidency which has unfolded in times of crisis at home and abroad . GOP skeptical of Obama 's call for unity His appearance , six years on from the cold January day in 2009 when he took the oath of office , coincided with a cluster of political turning points . For the first time in a State of the Union address Tuesday , Obama , the most liberal president since Lyndon Johnson , stood up in the House of Representatives and stared out at the members of two chambers which are now both controlled by Republicans . It was a reminder that despite two crushing presidential victories , Obama 's two terms also included two bitter mid-term rebukes from voters . Economic milestones But with unemployment down to 5.6 percent , with the economy churning out several hundred thousand jobs a month , and with growth accelerating , Obama may have reached a political milestone . For years , the president has got little credit for restoring an economy that was shedding 700,000 jobs a month when he took office . That 's partly because the results of the rebound have been so uneven . While the stock market has soared , many in the Middle Class have been left behind . Wages are stagnant and many of the new jobs created pay less and have fewer benefits than the ones that are gone . Still , there is a sense now that the benefits of the recovery are spreading , and low gas prices are restoring a half forgotten sense of well being for many Americans . "  With a growing economy , shrinking deficits , bustling industry and booming energy production -- we have risen from recession freer to write our own future than any other nation on Earth , " Obama said . "  It 's now up to us to choose who we want to be over the next 15 years , and for decades to come . " A Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll released Tuesday showed that 45 percent of Americans were now very or somewhat satisfied with the US economy , and the trend is rising . The percentage of those who believe America is in decline has dropped to its lowest level since the crisis . The country now seems 50-50 split on that issue . "  This is a president who for whatever reason , woke up and saw the economic numbers and saw he had a pretty strong hand , and he is going to start playing some cards right now , " said John Geer , a professor who specializes in the presidency at Vanderbilt University Obama 's own political fortunes are rising as a result . A Washington Post poll has him at 50 percent , his highest rating for nearly two years . Other surveys confirm the rebound , but place Obama in the high 40s -- still heady territory for a president shellacked in the mid-term elections . Confronting new threats The sense that Obama is confronting an important political moment also played out as he addressed foreign policy . After years of telling Americans that the tide of war is receding , Obama is being forced to confront an alarming new manifestation of violent jihadism in Europe , which many officials fear could soon make its way to the streets of the United States . American warplanes are in the skies over Iraq again , following the sudden rise of ISIS . Up to 3,000 troops have been sent back to the country just years after Obama told Americans the war was over . Splintering states in the Middle East including Syria and Yemen are offering new safe havens for terror groups with the United States in their sights . Obama made the case for a focused but "  smarter " campaign against ISIS , but took time to rebut criticisms by Republicans like John McCain and Lindsey Graham who believe he is too slow to use force abroad . "  When we make rash decisions , reacting to the headlines instead of using our heads , when the first response to a challenge is to send in our military -- then we risk getting drawn into unnecessary conflicts , " Obama said . The back end of a presidency The speech also marked a moment of valediction . Barring some great national political crisis , Tuesday 's appearance may have been the last time when Obama took the stage as America 's most important voice for liberalism . When Clinton announces what is seen as her almost certain presidential campaign later this year , she will likely become the go-to voice for progressives on all domestic issues . And by the time of the State of the Union address next year , the presidential primary season will be in full swing -- drawing media attention from the lame duck in the White House . Robert Lehrman , chief speechwriter for former vice president Al Gore , said that Obama had long term political goals in mind as he knew almost nothing he proposed would get passed . "  But he is laying the groundwork for whoever it is in 2016 to run against a Republican , " said Lehrman , now a professor at American University . Apparently sensing his time is short , Obama mounted an extraordinary defense of his own political skills , even referring to the speech in Boston he made as an unknown senatorial candidate at the Democratic National Convention in 2004 . "  Over the past six years , the pundits have pointed out more than once that my presidency has n't delivered on this vision , " Obama said arguing that many people thought he was naive . "  I know how tempting such cynicism may be . But I still think the cynics are wrong , " Obama said , in a plea for a "  better politics " that will likely remain unfulfilled , in one of the biggest disappointments of his presidency .	Obama finally declares victory over economic recovery Promises ` smarter ' war policy after getting troops home Reminds Republicans he won two elections
London  CNN  -- British ministers had a special guest in their midst during their Cabinet meeting Tuesday : Queen Elizabeth II . It was a historic occasion because it is thought to mark the first time a monarch has attended such a session since Queen Victoria more than a century ago . Read more : Diamond jubilee complete coverage The monarch , wearing blue , was greeted at the door of 10 Downing Street by Prime Minister David Cameron . The queen has not attended a Cabinet meeting before now because her involvement in Britain 's political life is generally formal or ceremonial . Her role is clear : "  As Head of State The Queen has to remain strictly neutral with respect to political matters , unable to vote or stand for election , " according to the British Monarchy 's website . Her presence as an observer Tuesday coincides with the end of the yearlong celebration marking her 60 years on the throne . During that time , the United Kingdom has had 12 prime ministers . The session lasted 90 minutes , during which ministers presented her with a gift they personally paid for to mark her diamond jubilee . The queen also visited the Foreign and Commonwealth Office on Tuesday , where she was paid a rather unusual tribute : the naming after her of 169,000 square miles of the Antarctic . Foreign Secretary William Hague said the southern part of the British Antarctic Territory had been designated "  Queen Elizabeth Land " in honor of her 60-year reign . The previously unnamed territory is nearly twice the size of the United Kingdom and about a third of the whole land mass of the British Antarctic Territory , Hague said . The queen 's visit to the Foreign Office , only her second in the past six decades , is the final official engagement of her busy jubilee year .	NEW : A large part of the British Antarctic Territory is named for Queen Elizabeth II She attends her first Cabinet meeting at 10 Downing Street As head of state , the queen has to remain strictly neutral The visit is part of her diamond jubilee celebrations
CNN  -- Henning Frunder was only 21 years old in 1968 when he decided he wanted to leave Eastern Germany . Polish fishermen were meant to take him and a group of students across the sea to the Northern border of West Germany , but the group never made it on that boat . Letters to friends in the West asking for money to pay for the journey ended up in the hands of East Germany 's secret police , the Stasi . A few weeks later , Frunder and his friends were arrested , put on trial , and sent to jail for trying to illegally leave East Germany . Frunder spent months in a Stasi prison before eventually being deported to Western Germany in the fall of 1970 . At that time he had no idea who sold him and his friends out . "  We were not trained in conspiracy . Maybe we trusted more people than we should have with our plans , " he says . What Frunder knew was that it must have been someone that they trusted , someone who pretended to be a friend . For over 40 years Eastern Germany 's Ministry of State Security , known as the Stasi , spied on its citizens , often using so-called "  informal employees " -- secrets informants -- to report on their own colleagues , friends and family . When the Berlin Wall fell in November 1989 , Stasi agents were given the order to cover their tracks and destroy any evidence that would reveal names of secret informants , documentation of dealings with the West , protocols and recordings of trial proceedings -- none of it was ever meant to be seen by the public . Activists were able to stop the destruction when they occupied the Stasi headquarters in January 1990 . Over 45 Million pages of Stasi files had been torn apart and what the shredder could not handle had been simply torn apart by hand . Over 15,000 bags containing more 600 million pieces of paper were recovered . In 1992 , two years after the German reunification , the Agency for the Federal Commission for the Stasi Records  BStU  was put in place . Its task : Solve one of history 's biggest puzzles . Roland Jahn is the Federal Commissioner in charge of the Stasi Records Agency . Jahn is an ex-Stasi prisoner himself . He says the agency is doing an important job in dealing with the past . "  It is incredibly important for those concerned to gain access to their files , people get a part of their lives back that was stolen from them " , stresses Jahn . He adds that the agency providing access to secret police files is unique and serves as an international role model . So far 1.5 million pieces have been put back together , most of them by hand . Currently about a dozen employees are still manually trying to reconstruct the files . With 600 million pieces left , continuing the task by hand seems almost impossible . "  It is important that we develop systems to speed up the process " , says Jahn . In 2007 a computer system was introduced to accelerate the process . According to the Stasi Records Agency , the new virtual puzzle system has helped piece back together four bags so far . To tackle the remaining 15,000 bags a "  better scanner technology has to be developed and put in place , " says Jahn . Decades after being sold out , Henning Frunder had thought he moved on . He did n't think he would ever find out who denounced him . "  Over time I stopped wondering , I thought it would not change much " , he recalls . In 1994 he received first clues about who his betrayer might have been , but it was not until 2011 , over five decades later , that Frunder received a call from the Stasi Records Agency . "  Out of 15,000 bags they came across one that had my name in it , " he remembers . It was the file of secret informant Aleksander Radler , a member of Frunder 's student group . Radler , nicknamed "  Thomas , " spied for the Stasi for over 25 years . "  When I learned that Radler was living in Sweden , preaching the word of God as a priest , this is when the outrage came , " Frundler continues . But Frunder never contacted the former spy . "  He never showed any remorse , if he did , it might be interesting to talk to him . " Even though the recovery brought back old memories that Frunder thought to had been consigned to the past , he still believes it is in the interest of society to reconstruct the Stasi files . "  Looking back at my own story , I think I was able to deal with it , because I was so young , I had n't built much they could take away from me . But he adds that "  others suffered more than we did and I am sure that there are many people out there that have big blanks to fill , and recovering the Stasi files could help bridging these gaps in the ordeal they went through . " Stasi Records Agency Commissioner Roland Jahn sees the confrontation with the past as vital for the future . "  If you chose to live with a lie you damage our democracy . That 's why it is important to uncover the truth , even if it hurts " , he says . Today , every citizen has the right to request access to their files at the Stasi Records Agency either online or in person . In over two decades more than three million requests for files have been made , with more than 30,000 applications in 2014 alone . If and when the remaining 600 million pieces of Stasi files will be puzzled back together , Jahn can not tell . It will depend on available funds , public and political interest and technology . However , Jahn is proud of what has been accomplished in the last 25 years . "  Germany has shown how to consistently face the past and deal with it , and being observed by the international community , it has created something that is of great importance today . "	Henning Frunder was jailed in East Germany after his plans to leave came to attention of Stasi When the Wall fell in 1989 , Stasi agents tried to destroy records which would reveal informants A painstaking operation to piece together more than 600 million pieces of paper continues Frunder 's name , and the name of the man who betrayed him , were revealed
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- A quarter of Russian crops have been lost in the recent drought , leaving many farms on the brink of bankruptcy , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said Thursday . The government should prevent increases in the price of grain and fodder , which will eventually affect the prices of food products like flour , bread , meat , and milk , Medvedev said at a government agriculture meeting in the southern Russian region of Rostov . "  Right now , everybody is of course thinking about it -- farmers as well as officials responsible for agriculture , " Medvedev said in comments broadcast on Russian state television . "  But we also understand that regular people , too , are thinking about what will happen after this extremely tough summer , how it will affect the prices on staples food . " He said government authorities should closely monitor food prices on a daily basis , "  otherwise there will always be someone who would want to capitalize on this situation . There are such cases already . " Large parts of Russia have suffered this summer from excessive heat , drought , and a spate of wildfires that have also created stifling smoke and smog . Hundreds have died in the combined disasters . Alexander Frolov , who heads the Russian meteorological service Roshydromet , said this week that virtually no rain is forecast in Russia this month . The situation is so bad in some regions that there is "  no reason " to start planting winter crops , Frolov said . Roshydromet forecasts a 30 percent drop in Russia 's harvests due to the drought , he said . Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has already announced a ban on grain exports that will begin August 15 and could last until December 31 , based on uncertainty over this year 's farm production . Some regions wo n't be sowing winter grain at all this year , he said . Thursday , Medvedev lifted the state of emergency in three of seven Russian regions most affected by wildfires . The Emergency Situations Ministry said the number of areas covered by the fires has decreased 25 percent in the past day . The fires burning in the remaining four regions of western and central Russia are still intense , however , with tens of thousands of firefighters deployed there . Medvedev ordered the Emergency Situations Ministry to take addition precautions to protect "  strategic sites " from the fires . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko and Matthew Chance contributed to this report .	Medvedev says crop losses will eventually affect the prices of flour , meat , and milk A quarter of the nation 's crops have been lost , the Russian president says Forecasters say virtually no rain is forecast in Russia this month
CNN  -- Through time the art and architecture of the Islamic world has defined a civilization that once extended from Cordoba in Spain to the Mogul empire in China and India . Today a new cultural landmark in Qatar brings together 14 centuries of that history under one roof at the Doha Museum of Islamic Art . Designed by architect I.M. Pei , best known for his glass pyramids at Paris ' Louvre museum , the stunning building houses 3,800 square meters of treasures , spanning three continents . From intricate metal work and calligraphy to ceramics , textiles and precious stones , the collection represents the feverish efforts of the Qatari royal family to assemble an unrivalled collection of Islamic antiquities over the past few years . "  One of the enormous achievements is to have built up such a collection of such enormous historic and aesthetic importance in such a short space of time , " Museum Director Oliver Watson told CNN . Treasure trove of antiquities Among the standout pieces in the museum 's collection are the earliest surviving pages of the Koran , dating from the late 7th century , the earliest surviving silk carpet from Iran and a 9th century Iraqi porcelain bowl . Such objects bore enormous influence on the Islamic world and beyond . For example , Iraqi pottery such as the museum 's white glazed bowl with blue calligraphy was copied by the Chinese , eventually becoming the largest ceramics industry in the world . "  The interesting thing is not only that the Islamic world had trade connections out to China , but that this kind of ware , that was n't used in China -LSB- at the time -RSB- was commissioned . These were works that were commissioned by merchants in Basra to be made in central China , " Watson explained . The Chinese "  took the blue color from the Middle East , and the Middle East was the first major customers for Chinese blue and white -LSB- porcelain -RSB- . " In a nearby gallery rests the jade pendant of Shah Jahan . The Mogul Emperor wore it as a necklace in the 17th century to calm the despair in his heart after his wife died during childbirth . Shah Jahan is perhaps better known for the mausoleum he built to his wife -- the Taj Mahal in India . "  There is the whole history of a whole culture , a whole civilization embedded in these objects , and we are just beginning to explore that , " said Watson . Modern architectural icon The Doha museum opened in 2008 with extravagant celebrations . In a region known for its glass and steel towers , this structure stands out as a modern icon paying homage to ancient traditions . "  This building is very special to me , simply because it helped me to learn something about another world , another religion , another culture , " said Pei at one of the opening events . The building 's design combines minimalism , cubism and the arabesque . It has wide open spaces , geometric patterns typical of Islamic art , octagons , circles , domes and cubes . Pei found his inspiration for the design in the courtyard of Cairo 's Ibn Tulun mosque , specifically the 13th century ablution fountain in the center , the sabil .	Doha Museum houses antiquities spanning 14 centuries and three continents Earliest surviving Koran , Shah Jahan 's jade pendant among treasures Architect I.M. Pei designed the modern building based on Ibn Tulun mosque in Cairo
CNN  -- Gov. Bob McDonnell of Virginia delivered the Republican response to President Obama 's State of the Union address on Wednesday night . Here is a transcript of the speech . McDonnell : Thank you very much . Thank you . Good evening . I 'm Bob McDonnell . Eleven days ago , I was honored to be sworn in as the 71st governor of Virginia . I 'm standing in the historic House Chamber of Virginia 's Capitol , a building designed by Virginia 's second governor , Thomas Jefferson . It 's not easy to follow the president of the United States . And my 18-year-old twin boys have added pressure to me tonight by giving me exactly 10 minutes to finish before they leave to go watch "  SportsCenter . " LAUGHTER I 'm joined by fellow Virginians to share a Republican perspective on how to best address the challenges facing our nation today . We were encouraged to hear President Obama speak this evening about the need to create jobs . All Americans should have the opportunity to find and keep meaningful work , and the dignity that comes with it . APPLAUSE Many -- many of us here tonight -- and many of you watching -- have family or friends who have lost their jobs . In fact , 1 in 10 Americans is unemployed . That is unacceptable . Here in Virginia , we 've faced our highest unemployment rate in more than 25 years , and bringing new jobs and more opportunities to our citizens is the top priority of my administration . Good government policy should spur economic growth and strengthen the private sector 's ability to create new jobs . APPLAUSE We must enact policies that promote entrepreneurship and innovation so America can better compete with the world . What government should not do is pile on more taxation , regulation and litigation that kill jobs and hurt the middle class . It was Thomas Jefferson who called for "  a wise and frugal government which shall leave men free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and shall not take from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned . " He was right . Today , the federal government is simply trying to do too much . Last year , we were told that massive new federal spending would create more jobs immediately and hold unemployment below 8 percent . In the past year , more than 3 million people have lost their jobs , and yet the Democratic Congress continues deficit spending , adding to the bureaucracy , and increasing the national debt on our children and our grandchildren . The amount of debt is on pace to double in five years and triple in 10 . The federal debt is now over $ 100,000 per household . This is simply unsustainable . The president 's partial freeze announced tonight on discretionary spending is a laudable step , but a small one . The circumstances of our time demand that we reconsider and restore the proper limited role of government at every level . APPLAUSE Without reform , the excessive growth of government threatens our very liberty and our prosperity . In recent months , the American people have made clear that they want government leaders to listen and then act on the issues most important to them . We want results , not rhetoric . We want cooperation , not partisanship . APPLAUSE There is much common ground . All Americans agree that we need health -- health care system that is affordable , accessible , and high quality . But most Americans do not want to turn over the best medical care system in the world to the federal government . Republicans in Congress have offered legislation to reform health care , without shifting Medicaid costs to the states , without cutting Medicare , and without raising your taxes . And we will do that by implementing common sense reforms , like letting families and businesses buy health insurance policies across state lines and ending frivolous lawsuits against doctors and hospitals that drive up the cost of your health care . And our solutions are n't 1,000-page bills that no one has fully read , after being crafted behind closed doors with special interests . In fact , many of our proposals are available online at solutions.gop.gov , and we welcome your ideas on Facebook and Twitter . LAUGHTER All Americans agree that this nation must become more energy independent and secure . We are blessed here in America with vast natural resources , and we must use them all . Advances in technology can unleash more natural gas , nuclear , wind , coal , alternative energy that will lower your utility bills . Here in Virginia , we have the opportunity to become the first state on the East Coast to explore for and produce oil and natural gas off-shore . APPLAUSE But this administration 's policies are delaying off-shore production , hindering nuclear energy expansion , and seeking to impose job-killing cap-and-trade energy taxes . Now is the time to adopt innovative energy policies that create jobs and lower energy prices . APPLAUSE All Americans agree that a young person needs a world-class education to compete in the global economy . As a young kid , my dad told me , "  Son , if you want a good job , you need a good education . " Dad was right , and that 's even more true today . The president and I agree on expanding the number of high-quality charter schools and rewarding teachers for excellent performance . More school choices for parents and students mean more accountability and greater achievement . A child 's educational opportunity should be determined by her intellect and work ethic , not by her ZIP Code . APPLAUSE All Americans agree that we must maintain a strong national defense . The courage and success of our armed forces is allowing us to draw down troop levels in Iraq as that government is increasingly able to step up . My oldest daughter , Jeanine , was an Army platoon leader in Iraq , so I am personally grateful for the service and sacrifice of all our men and women in uniform , and a grateful nation thanks them . APPLAUSE We applaud President Obama 's decision to deploy 30,000 more troops to Afghanistan . We agree that victory there is imperative for national security . But we have serious concerns over the recent steps the administration has taken regarding suspected terrorists . Americans were shocked on Christmas Day to learn of the attempted bombing of a flight to Detroit . This foreign terror suspect was given the same legal rights as a U.S. citizen and immediately stopped providing critical intelligence . As Sen.-elect Scott Brown has said , we should be spending taxpayer dollars to defeat terrorists , not to protect them . APPLAUSE Here at home , government must help foster a society in which all our people can use their God-given talents and liberty to pursue the great American dream . Republicans know that government can not guarantee individual outcomes , but we strongly believe that it must guarantee equality of opportunity for all . That opportunity exists best in a democracy which promotes free enterprise , economic growth , strong families , and individual achievement . Many Americans are concerned about this administration 's effort to exert greater control over car companies , banks , energy , and health care , but over-regulating employers wo n't create more employment , overtaxing investors wo n't foster more investment . Top-down , one-size-fits-all decision-making should not replace the personal choices of free people in a free market , nor undermine the proper role of state and local governments in our system of federalism . As our founders clearly stated , and we governors clearly understand , government closest to the people governs best . APPLAUSE And no government program can ever replace the actions of caring Americans freely choosing to help one another . The scriptures say , "  To whom much is given , much will be required . " As the most generous and prosperous nation on Earth , it is heartwarming to see Americans giving much time and money to the people of Haiti . Thank you for your ongoing compassion . APPLAUSE Some people say they 're afraid that America is no longer the great land of promise that she has always been . They should not be . America will always blaze the trail of opportunity and prosperity . America will -- must always be a land where liberty and property are valued and respected and innocent human life is protected . Government should have this clear goal : Where opportunity is absent , we must create it . Where opportunity is limited , we must expand it . Where opportunity is unequal , we must make it open to everyone . APPLAUSE Our founders pledged their lives , their fortunes , and their sacred honor to create this great nation . Now we should pledge as Democrats , Republicans and independents -- Americans all -- to work together to leave this nation an ever better place than we found it . God bless you , and God bless this great land of America . Thank you very much .	Gov. Bob McDonnell of Virginia responds to State of the Union speech Americans do n't want to turn health care over to government , he says McDonnell : GOP has serious concerns about Obama 's terrorist policy
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Fourteen people were killed and another 60 were injured in Indonesia over a four-day period as a result of Cyclone Iggy , according to the country 's National Disaster Management Agency . Most of those who died were struck by falling trees or debris from strong winds , said agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho . More than 2,000 homes were also damaged in 35 towns or cities in Java and Bali between Wednesday and Sunday , he said . The government has provided food and aid to the areas affected , the agency said . As of Sunday , Iggy was off the northwestern coast of Australia , said Tom Sater , meteorologist for CNN International . The Australian Bureau of Meteorology issued a cyclone warning for the coastal area from Onslow to Coral Bay , including Exmouth . Iggy is currently classified as a Category 1 cyclone and is near stationary , according to the warning . Iggy is forecast to stay offshore and avoid the coast of Western Australia , said Sater . The effects of Iggy , however , may create high sea conditions , he said . In anticipation of the storm , Australia has shut down some of its coastal oil operations , according to Sater . Iggy is "  expected to continue to move very slowly overnight before taking a more southwesterly track during Monday , " the Australian Bureau of Meteorology said in a Sunday advisory . CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	60 people have been injured , Indonesia 's disaster management agency says More than 2,000 homes are damaged in Java and Bali A cyclone warning is issued for Australia 's western coast
CNN  -- As an expression of hard power , they do n't come bigger or more fearsome than the USS George Washington . The U.S. Navy 's nuclear-powered aircraft carrier can base as many as 75 warplanes , has a combat load of 97,000 tons and is manned by 6,250 battle-ready crew . But as an expression of soft-power , the Nimitz-class carrier is finding its influence in its Asian theater of operations goes far beyond the range of its fearsome arsenal as it assists the Typhoon Haiyan relief operation -- known as Operation Damayan -- in the Philippines . Equipped with everything from a 51-bed hospital ward and an operating theater to dentists ' surgeries , according to Jane 's Defense , the USS George Washington is leading a flotilla of U.S. Navy support vessels in support of the effort . The projection of U.S. power on the world stage , especially in the context of a humanitarian disaster such as Haiyan , represents a public relations goldmine for the U.S. military , at a time when the U.S. is perceived as losing influence in the region to China . It may not be the only navy helping in the aftermath of the disaster -- Britain and Australia have both committed vessels to the relief effort -- but considering the Washington 's traditional links with the Philippines as a former colony  and for many decades one of its most important strategic bases  the relief effort has a special resonance . "  The U.S. extending its soft power in the region as well as directing the relief operation are not contradictory objectives , " Philippine political analyst Ramon Casiple told CNN . "  The Philippines and the U.S. , of course , have a long history so there is an expectation that they would help because they 've helped in previous chapters in our history . " He said even the region that is the focus of the relief effort -- eastern Leyte province -- has special meaning for the U.S.-Philippines relationship . "  This is the area where General MacArthur 's forces landed during World War II when he fulfilled the promise of returning to the Philippines after ousting the Japanese . "  But while there 's an expectation , there is also a gratefulness for this help . " Criticism has been leveled at China for its ham-fisted handling of its relief contribution , initially pledging $ 100,000 in humanitarian support . Although it later raised the amount to $ 1.6 million , analysts have said that it has allowed its spat with the Philippines over the Spratly Islands -- claimed severally by Malaysia , the Philippines , China , Taiwan and Vietnam -- to cloud its judgment . The donation , which does not meet even that of furniture store , Ikea , which has pledged $ 2.7 million through its charitable foundations , has dented its global image at a time when American influence is seen as declining in the region as China steps into the breach . Analysts say China has missed an opportunity to win hearts and minds though non-traditional forms of diplomacy of which the supply of emergency assistance can form a crucial component . "  One reason China 's efforts to develop its soft power have failed is the utilitarian way Beijing approaches the rest of the world . Instead of using culture , adept diplomacy and trashy movies to seduce other countries , China hands out cold , hard cash , " said analyst William Pesek in a recent Bloomberg View . "  All the investment poured into railways in Indonesia , tunnels in Brazil , power grids in Cambodia , hydroelectric projects in Laos , bridges in Vietnam , roads in Zambia , factories in Malaysia , airports in Myanmar , and mining rigs in Uzbekistan comes with a high cost . In return , China demands complete docility . That 's the message being sent to the Philippines now . " Meanwhile , the victims of Haiyan are happy to find help where they can . "  If you are talking of those western allies aligned with the US then you have the same level of commitment to humanitarian aid , " Casiple said . "  The others , meaning these countries not so aligned to the Philippines or those such as China that have issues with the Philippines , are a bit more reticent . "  But the main thing to remember is that they are giving aid . "	One of U.S. Navy 's largest vessels , USS George Washington , is leading typhoon relief effort As an expression of soft-power , the Nimitz-class aircraft carrier is finding its influence in Asia U.S. links with Philippines as former colony means the relief effort has a special resonance Criticism has been leveled at China for its handling of its relief contribution
Washington  CNN  -- There were n't any starlets or red carpet , but the Library of Congress had a blockbuster day at the movies on Thursday . The government of Russia presented the Library of Congress with digitally preserved copies of 10 silent films that previously had been thought to be lost forever . According to the Library of Congress , more than 80 percent of American movies from 1893-1930 -- also known as the "  silent era " -- no longer exist in the United States . Like today 's movies that are distributed to theaters around the world , many of those early silent films were circulated internationally . Over the past 20 years , the Library of Congress has discovered some of the missing films in international libraries and archives , like the Gosfilmofond , the Russian state film archive . "  A study published by the Library of Congress in 1993 concluded that the majority of U.S. movies from the 1920s survive only in foreign film archives , " said Librarian of Congress James Billington . He went on to explain that in the days of early American movie-making , many studios and theaters simply threw old movies away . Russia , he explained did n't generally throw them away . Many of the films sat in storage , making it possible for them to be preserved for restoration today . Caroline Frick , curator of motion pictures at the George Eastman House museum of photography and film in Rochester , New York , said such film repatriation projects are exciting , with "  a huge array of film history that still remains unknown because so many of the films do n't exist . " Frick explained that Russia 's digital preservation of American silent films is an example of how film preservation itself has changed , especially in the last 10 years . "  It used to be that you preserved on film but now we have a multitude of ways , including making digital copies so that the images are preserved . " Included in the restored movies is a 1923 film staring then-child-star Jackie Coogan , called "  Circus Days , " about a boy who runs away from his uncle to join the circus ; and "  Canyon of the Fools , " starring Western movie star Harry Carey . Billington accepted the digitally preserved movies on hard drives presented by Vladimir Kozhin , head of Russia 's Presidential Management and Administration Department , at a ceremony Thursday . These ten films are the first of hundreds that will be repatriated over time . The ten films presented Thursday , their studios and production year include : -- "  Valley of the Giants "  Famous Players , 1919 -- "  You 're Fired "  Famous Players , 1919 -- "  The Conquest of Canaan "  Famous Players , 1921 -- "  Kick In "  Famous Players , 1922 -- "  The Call of the Canyon "  Famous Players , 1923 -- "  Canyon of the Fools "  R-C Pictures , 1923 -- "  Circus Days "  First National , 1923 -- "  The Eternal Struggle "  Metro Pictures , Louis B. Mayer , 1923 -- "  The Arab "  Metro , 1924 -- "  Keep Smiling "  Monty Banks , 1925	It 's estimated that 80 percent of Hollywood 's silent-era films no longer exist in the U.S. Ten films from that era were discovered in a film archive in Russia They were turned over to the Library of Congress
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama lags in several polls on fixing the economy . His favorability rating is virtually even with that of presumed GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney . His signature health care reform law appears on the verge of being overturned . Women , once central to his base , are now drifting toward his opponent . He has even lost support among once-passionate young voters . Yet , according to a USA Today/Gallup poll released this week , 56 % of those polled believe the president will cinch re-election this fall , compared to 36 % percents who think Romney will win . Some are wondering : "  What gives ? " Despite the heated campaign , lackluster performance on the economy and negative feelings many conservatives have toward the incumbent president , many voters still like Barack Obama as a person . And , in the popularity contest that is American politics , that can go a long way . He croons the opening lines of Al Green 's "  Let 's Stay Together " and the Twitterverse goes crazy . Flattering pictures of him with the first lady and his daughters spread across Facebook like kudzu . He goes on late-night TV to slow jam with Jimmy Fallon , and then reclaims the overplayed mantle of the "  cool " president . Poll : Romney up , Obama down among women Obama even turned on the charm during an appearance Tuesday on "  The View , " a move political experts say will help revive his popularity among women -- a key voting bloc . He answered pop quiz questions about reality star Kim Kardashian 's short-lived marriage . He deferred to the first lady on a question about the racy "  50 Shades of Grey , " a novel currently on many women 's must-read lists . Still , he is locked in a virtual dead heat with Romney in nationwide horserace polls and his approval rating is stuck around 50 % , according to the latest CNN/ORC International poll . But Gallup this week has the president leading the former Massachusetts governor by 29 points when it comes to "  likeability . " And an earlier CNN/ORC poll had Obama nearly 10 points ahead of Romney on the likeability factor . Poll : Gender gap and likeability keep Obama over Romney New York Times columnist David Brooks recently dubbed Obama the "  ESPN president , " attributing his high favorability marks to his "  post-boomer manliness . " "  It 's been long established that voters want a president they 're comfortable with , " said Jennifer Duffy , a senior editor with the Cook Political Report . "  What 's his favorite pastime ? Playing basketball . He likes hanging out with his kids . It 's clear he 's a parent like most parents . He talks about his wife . He 's very good at connecting with people , he 's a good speaker . " Those factors lend to Obama 's "  nice guy " image , Duffy said . It 's an image the Obama campaign worked hard to cultivate during the 2008 election cycle when he was portrayed by Republicans as an Ivy-League-educated , poor-bowling , elitist professor who looked down on people who "  cling to guns or religion . " Sending first lady Michelle Obama out on a charm offensive to make the rounds on talk shows and dispatching Vice President Joe Biden to places like eastern Ohio , where he was slated to speak on the president 's economic record , has also helped , Duffy said . But his opponent is launching his own charisma counter-offensive . Now that the bruising GOP primary has ended , the Romney campaign 's efforts to soften their candidate 's image as a stiff and out-of-touch rich guy may be paying off , said Andra Gillespie , an associate professor of political science at Emory University in Atlanta . Romney got chuckles when he appeared on "  Late Night with David Letterman " in December . His Top Ten list of things he 'd like to say to the American people included quipping "  What 's up gangstas -- it 's the M-I-Double Tizzle . " Other personal touches include a blog by Romney 's personal aide , Garrett Jackson , which chronicles his time on the campaign trail with the GOP presidential hopeful and even features a stop at Junior 's Cheesecake restaurant in New York . Ann Romney 's popular Pinterest page includes recipes and pictures of patriotic-themed desserts . Gillespie attributes most of the gain in Romney 's favorability to fact that he 's the likely Republican presidential nominee . "  Now that it 's clear to see that he is going to be the nominee , you 'll find Republican voters fall in line and like their guy a little bit more , " she explained . Still , Romney 's comments about his wife owning "  a couple of Cadillacs , " stories about elevators and six-car garages , bragging about his pals who own NASCAR racing teams and Ann Romney 's recent appearance on CBS ' "  This Morning " in a $ 1,000 designer t-shirt fueled critics who accuse the former Massachusetts governor of flaunting his wealth . Even in the midst of a struggling economy , Ronald Reagan used his popularity and likeability to help propel him to a second term in 1984 . And Harry Truman won a come-back re-election in 1948 after a series of battles with Congress over post-war reconstruction . But plenty of well-liked presidents ended up as one-termers , said Larry Sabato , director of the University of Virginia 's Center for Politics . Former president Gerald Ford , who had a friendly , affable persona , had a tough time overcoming his pardon of Richard Nixon . Former president George H.W. Bush , whose popularity peaked after the first Gulf War , was ultimately felled by a sluggish economy . "  Presidential decisions are a product of economic conditions and job approval , " Sabato said . "  It 's wonderful to be liked , but it does n't affect the vote that much . "	Even in a tight race and a bad economy , Obama 's likeability numbers keep him above water Candidates are using social media , daytime and late-night TV to show some personality Romney is pushing his own charm factor to woo voters
CNN  -- Just like some U.S. officials looking into the mystery , the man who captured video of an apparent fireball plunging from the sky over Texas on Sunday is perplexed about what it was . Video captured in Austin , Texas , shows a meteor-like object in the sky Sunday morning . "  I do n't know what I saw in the sky . It was something burning and falling really fast , " Eddie Garcia , a videographer for News 8 Austin , told CNN Monday . "  I 'm looking in the viewfinder and I see , just , something flying through the sky . And it kind of looks like it could be dust , it could be something , and then I look up and , no , it was something burning in the sky , " he said . "  And you know , this is something that you see at night clearly during a meteor shower or something like that , but you do n't see something like that during the day . " Authorities in Texas said there were reports of sonic booms in the area Sunday as well . Watch video of meteor-like fireball " Early speculation was that it might have been debris from two satellites -- one American , one Russian -- that rammed into each other in space a week ago . But the U.S. Strategic Command , which tracks satellite debris , said it was not . "  There is no correlation between those reports and any of that debris from the collision , " command spokeswoman Maj. Regina Winchester told CNN Monday . So what was it ? "  I do n't know , " she responded . "  It 's possible it was some kind of natural phenomenon , maybe a meteor . " Meteor fireballs bright enough to be seen in the daytime are rare but not unheard of . Two of the most recent fell in October in the Alice Springs region of Australia and last June just west of Salt Lake City , Utah . The one over Australia was unique because the asteroid that caused it was discovered and tracked before it reached Earth 's atmosphere , according to the Sydney Observatory 's Web site . It says the asteroid was about 6.5 feet wide . A sonic boom also was heard in connection with that event , the Australian observatory says . On Friday , the National Weather Service reported that its office in Jackson , Kentucky , had received calls about "  possible explosions " or "  earthquakes " in that area . "  The Federal Aviation Administration has reported to local law enforcement that these events are being caused by falling satellite debris , " the service said Friday . "  These pieces of debris have been causing sonic booms , resulting in the vibrations being felt by some residents , as well as flashes of light across the sky . The cloud of debris is likely the result of the recent in-orbit collision of two satellites on Tuesday February 10 , when Kosmos 2251 crashed into Iridium 33 . " CNN 's call Monday to NASA to get its take on the fireball over Texas was not immediately returned . Garcia said he had been told NASA may have called him . The FAA had asked pilots Saturday to keep an eye out for "  falling space debris , " warning that "  a potential hazard may occur due to re-entry of satellite debris into the Earth 's atmosphere . " FAA spokesman Roland Herwig said Sunday there had been no reports of ground strikes or interference with aircraft in flight . He said the FAA had received no reports from pilots in the air of any sightings , but had gotten "  numerous " calls from people on the ground in Texas , from Dallas south to Austin . As of Monday morning , Herwig said his agency had no information about what the fireball was . iReport.com : Did you see the fireball ? Send photos , video He also said the FAA had rescinded its warning to pilots to look out for space debris . Garcia , the videographer , was out covering a marathon race Sunday morning when he caught a glimpse of the blaze . In the video , it appear as a meteor-like white fireball blazing across the clear sky . "  I remember shooting it and wondering what I shot , and then looking around and seeing if anyone saw it with me , and everyone was just focused on that marathon that we were shooting at the time , " he told CNN Newsroom . Whatever it was , Garcia said he 's "  just grateful I got a shot of it . And , hopefully , that 'll help " people figure out what it was .	Video shot in Austin , Texas , shows meteor-like object in sky Sunday morning Fireball sightings , reports of sonic booms come days after satellite collision in space FAA told U.S. pilots to watch for "  falling space debris "
Gruesome footage of a toddler falling victim to two successive hit-and-run accidents and then being ignored by many passers-by at the scene last week in southern China continued to galvanize the nation Monday , prompting a fierce debate on the state of morality in Chinese society . A security camera captured the horrific incident last Thursday outside a hardware market in Foshan , Guangdong Province . Two-year-old Wang Yue was seen toddling in the middle of a narrow street and looking around , oblivious to a fast-approaching white van . The disturbing video shows the van knocking the girl over . The driver briefly stops with the girl underneath the van , before continuing on , its rear tires slowly rolling over her small body . The girl is left barely moving in her own blood as several pedestrians and cyclists pass by . Minutes later , another small truck drives over Wang without slowing down , the video shows . More passers-by walked , cycled or drove around her motionless body without stopping -- until a woman carrying a sack appeared 10 minutes after the initial collision . Dropping her sack , she quickly moved the girl to safety and went to look for help . Wang remained in critical condition Monday afternoon in a military hospital in the nearby city of Guangzhou , her father told CNN . "  I 'm still so worried , " said Wang Chichang , who runs a hardware store in the Foshan market , as he waited for updates from doctors . At the time of the accident , Wang was busy tending his shop while his wife was hanging laundry , and neither noticed their daughter had wandered outside , state media reported . "  I feel helpless and angry , " the father said . "  Had one passer-by stopped to help earlier , this whole thing would n't have been so tragic . " Police have caught and detained both drivers , state media reported . Wang , the father , told CNN that the van driver had earlier called to offer the family money , but refused to turn himself in . The heroine in the video turned out to be a 58-year-old scavenger named Chen Xianmei . "  Blood was coming out her nose and mouth , " Chen told local reporters . "  I did n't understand why no one else had carried her from the street . " In emotional video posted online , the girl 's wailing mother bows on her hands and knees , her forehead resting on the ground at Chen 's feet -- a symbol of extreme deference to show the family 's deep gratitude for her daughter 's rescuer . The mother is inconsolable as loved ones lead her -- her body as limp as a rag doll 's -- from the scene . The grainy footage of the accidents went viral on Chinese Internet within minutes of posting . By Monday afternoon , it had become the most viewed topic on Sina Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter , with more than 4 million tweets discussing the video . "  This kind of news sends chills down my spine every time , " a user named "  the silent wolverine " wrote . "  We once believed in a world filled with love and were taught by the government on maintaining high moral standards -- but the cold reality just keeps flying in the face of our belief . " Echoing such sentiment , Wang 's father said her tragedy is more than just personal . "  If our society continues to be like this , my child 's case wo n't be the last one , " he said . While netizens directed their anger on the indifferent passers-by and lamented vanishing morality in society , many also see a glimmer of hope through Chen 's action . "  The scavenger probably never imagined she was actually ` richer ' than many of us , " user "  Van-stephen " commented on Weibo . "  She follows her conscience , which many of us have already lost . " In recent years , assisting victims in traffic accidents or other emergency situations has become controversial in China . In an attempt to cover costly medical expenses , several senior citizens , injured in accidents that were their own fault , turned against people who helped them at the scene by suing the good Samaritans for compensation , according to state media . Despite the potential trouble and some criticism that she was seeking fame , Chen appeared unfazed . "  I did n't think of anything at the time , " she told local reporters . "  I just wanted to save the girl . "	The toddler was the victim of two successive hit-and-run accidents The incident has galvanized public debate in China about morality Her father said she 's is in a critical condition in a military hospital in Guangzhou Police have caught and detained two drivers
Tokyo  CNN  -- At least six people were killed when a magnitude-6 .4 earthquake struck Japan Tuesday morning , a local fire department said . The six were killed when a landslide triggered by the quake buried three homes in Iwaki , the city 's fire department said . Three people were rescued and hospitalized , and fire officials were working to rescue an unknown number of others believed to be trapped , the department said . The quake struck at about 8:08 a.m. Tuesday  7:08 p.m. Monday ET  , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . It had a depth of about 13 kilometers  8 miles  and was centered about 77 miles east-southeast of Tokyo . Monday night , one person was killed in Iwaki and several others were trapped when a powerful 6.6-magnitude earthquake triggered landslides there , the fire department said . It happened exactly one month after the country 's devastating 9.0-magnitude quake and tsunami . Threat level now on par with Chernobyl The earlier quake was centered about 100 miles  164 kilometers  northeast of Tokyo and about 30 miles  50 kilometers  southwest of the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The landslides in Iwaki buried three houses . Police in Fukushima Prefecture initially reported that four people were trapped . The Iwaki Fire Department later said more than four people were trapped , but the exact number was unclear . Authorities were trying to rescue them . Their condition was not immediately known , police said . The earthquake did not cause a tsunami . Japan to evacuate more towns Workers at Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant , which has suffered cooling problems and radiation leaks since the March 11 earthquake and tsunami , evacuated briefly but soon returned to resume their efforts to cool the troubled facility . Prime Minister Naoto Kan delayed a scheduled news conference as a result of the earthquake , his office said . The government wants to handle the immediate emergency before holding a news conference , the office said . Japan to evacuate more towns The Tokyo Electric Power Company said 220,000 households and businesses in Fukushima were without power after Monday 's quake . Japan has been hit with hundreds of aftershocks since the March 11 earthquake and ensuing tsunami that killed at least 13,116 people . More than 14,000 remain missing . CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report	NEW : Six people were killed and three injured in Tuesday 's quake It was centered about 77 miles east-southeast of Tokyo Monday 's 6.6-magnitude quake triggers several landslides in Iwaki The earlier quake prompted workers at the Fukushima Daiichi plant to evacuate briefly
Boston  CNN  -- Courtroom drama erupted Friday when James "  Whitey " Bulger stood and angrily addressed the judge , without the jury present , about how his murder trial was "  a sham " and he was n't going to take the stand in his own defense . That provoked an outburst from the widow of a man who is among 19 people Bulger is charged with killing . The judge quickly restored order . Bulger told the court Friday why he wo n't testify . "  My thing is ... I did n't get a fair trial . This is a sham . Do what ya 's want with me , " the reputed Irish mafia boss told the federal judge . His voice shaking , the 83-year-old Bulger told the judge he had a deal with now-deceased Jeremiah O'Sullivan , the head of the Justice Department 's New England Organized Crime Strike Force who later became U.S. attorney in Boston during the height of Bulger 's allegedly brutal reign . "  In return he promised to give me immunity . As far as I 'm concerned I did n't get a fair trial , " Bulger said . He did n't elaborate on what the agreement was . Judge Denise Casper questioned Bulger on his decision not to testify . Bulger responded : "  I 'm making the choice involuntarily . I feel I 've been choked off from making an adequate defense . " Bulger 's attorneys release photos designed to show his softer side At one point , the widow of a man whom Bulger allegedly killed interrupted proceedings with an outburst . "  You 're a coward ! " Patricia Donahue asserted when Bulger indicated he would not testify . Casper called for "  silence " in the gallery . Bulger is charged with killing Donahue 's husband , Michael . Jurors were not present when Bulger spoke or when Donahue made her outburst . When the jury returned to the courtroom , the defense rested , concluding 35 days of testimony . Bulger 's claim to immunity seemed to contradict his legal defense : His lawyers spent a large part of the seven-week trial disputing assertions that Bulger was an FBI informant . The judge previously ruled that Bulger could not argue immunity as defense in this trial . The jury will begin hearing closing arguments Monday . Outside of court , Tommy Donahue , son of Michael Donahue , shared his mother 's sentiment and called Bulger "  a rat coward . " "  He is going to take his secrets to the grave with him , " Donahue said of Bulger . Before resting its case , the defense read aloud the prior deposition of one witness who has brain cancer and could not deliver testimony in person . In all , the defense called 10 witnesses over five days . Prosecutors called 63 witnesses . One of the witnesses did double duty , called to the stand by each side . That means the jury heard from a total of 72 witnesses over the 35 days . Bulger witnesses ' death ruled a homicide Bulger 's defense team said earlier in the day that Bulger is prepared to forfeit the assets found in his Santa Monica , California , apartment to the families of two men he is accused of murdering . Nearly $ 822,000 was found in the alleged Boston Irish mob boss 's possession when he was arrested in 2011 . "  My client is prepared to have all the money forfeited to the victims ' family that prevailed at trial first , but had it reversed because of ... a highly technical  court  process , " J.W. Carney said Friday . The families of alleged murder victims Donahue and Brian Halloran -- whom Bulger is also accused of killing -- won a judgment in 2009 , but an appeals court tossed it out , saying the suit was filed too late . The Donahue family has been in court virtually every day of this trial . There remains a question as to whether Bulger 's offer is a meaningful one . The government has seized the money , so technically it no longer belongs to Bulger . Only if he is found innocent and the money is found to have been earned legitimately would it be returned . Carney confirmed outside of court that Bulger 's decision not to testify was made shortly before it was announced , after his client heard all of the witness testimony . Tommy Donahue expressed appreciation to Bulger 's defense attorneys Hank Brennan and Carney . "  I tip my hat to Carney and Brennan , " Tommy Donahue said , referring to the gesture of forfeiting Bulger 's recovered assets to his family and Halloran 's family . In a 32-count indictment , prosecutors accuse Bulger of participating in 19 murders , racketeering , money laundering and extortion during some two decades . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia and Deborah Feyerick contributed from Boston and Michael Martinez wrote from Los Angeles . Ross Levitt contributed to the report .	Widow of alleged victim shouts from gallery to Bulger , "  You 're a coward ! " "  He is going to take his secrets to the grave with him , " her son says later "  This is a sham . Do what ya 's want with me , " Bulger tells the judge He offers assets of nearly $ 822,000 to murder victims ' families if convicted
CNN  -- She grew up in grinding poverty , losing both her parents at a tender age but 14-year-old whizz-kid Maud Chifamba has defied adversity and hardship to break academic records . Against all odds , the extremely bright teenager has written history as last week she became the youngest ever university student in Zimbabwe -- as well as the whole of southern Africa , according to education officials . Maud , who was born on November 19 , 1997 , has just started her studies toward a Bachelor of Accountancy Honors Degree at the University of Zimbabwe , the country 's oldest and most esteemed educational institution . Her intellectual prowess and hard work have earned her a four-year scholarship of nearly $ 10,000 after she excelled at last year 's Advanced Level exams . Now , one week into her new life at the university , softly-spoken Maud already feels settled . "  I 'm really enjoying it , " she says with striking modesty . "  It 's better than what I expected . I 'm just enjoying all the lectures . " Read related : ` The future of Zimbabwe is bright ' But before deservedly claiming a spot inside the university 's vast lecture halls , finding herself amongst much older students , Zimbabwe 's wunderkind had to overcome tremendous financial and social challenges . Born to a poor family in the Hunters resettlement community in Chegutu , central Zimbabwe , Maud lost her father when she was just five years old . Her mother also passed away last year . Her two brothers , who are general workers at a farm , were unable to pay the fees required to keep her at formal school so Maud started studying vigorously at home all by herself . Armed with determination , Maud put all her efforts into studying , embarking on a disciplined reading routine that lasted for several hours each day . "  I studied very hard , " she remembers . "  For the biggest part of the day and even into the night , " adds Maud . Maud says the death of her parents made her realize that she would have to take her destiny into her own hands . "  It really motivated me to work harder because there was no one to take care of me except myself in the future , " says Maud . "  That was ... a motivator for me to have something to do with my life . " Gifted with natural intelligence , Maud 's promising future was apparent from an early age . Her remarkable aptitude impressed her primary school teachers who decided to move her up from Grade 3 to Grade 6 . Aged nine , she took her final primary school examinations , where she obtained top marks for all of her subjects . Lacking financial support to undertake her high school education , Maud studied on her own and completed her Ordinary Level in just two years after skipping two forms . Read : How ` Afropreneurs ' will shape Africa 's future Her hard work paid off last December when she scored 12 points at her A-Level exams , an astonishing feat that earned the 14-year-old girl a place at the Harare-based University of Zimbabwe . "  It 's phenomenal , especially if you consider that for her A-Levels she was not in formal school , " says Gershem Pasi , the commissioner general of the Zimbabwean Revenue Authority , the body that 's now sponsoring Maud 's university education . "  She was just reading by herself at home and her brothers only managed to pay the examination fee . " Munyaradzi Madambi , dean of students at the University of Zimbabwe , describes Maud as a "  very warm and polite young woman , " whose intelligence and maturity shines through . "  She is  confident , efficacious and unique in the sense that you do n't normally expect this position among kids from underprivileged backgrounds , " he says . Madambi says the university is committed to helping its wonder student develop into a balanced individual while fulfilling her dreams . "  We are making sure that she grows up to be a well-moulded , mature adult but of course without really suffocating her or putting her under any pressure , " he says . Zimbabwe has an adult literacy rate of 92 % , which is one of the highest in Africa , according to UNICEF . Madambi says people in the country have an "  incredible and insatiable appetite for education . " "  Normally those that come from underprivileged backgrounds , their desire is really to work hard and excel and of course Maud is an exceptional case in terms of intellectual prowess , " he says . Maud is now on course to conquer even greater heights , becoming Zimbabwe 's youngest ever accountant when she graduates in four years time . "  My dream job is to become an accountant , " she says . Complete coverage : African Voices	14-year-old Maud Chifamba has been admitted to the University of Zimbabwe Maud , who is studying to be an accountant , is the youngest ever student in the country Unable to pay her school fees , the orphaned girl had to study alone at home She is being described as "  confident , efficacious and unique "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Actor Tim Roth is in an abandoned building near downtown Los Angeles , and he 's about to mix things up . British actor Tim Roth plays a human lie detector on the hit series "  Lie to Me . " "  This is a scene where the FBI is interrogating a suspect , " Roth said . "  I 'm breaking into the interrogation to get information out of him using the sort of techniques that my character espouses as opposed to pressuring him . " Roth , who plays Dr. Cal Lightman on the hit Fox series "  Lie to Me , " is shooting scenes for the season finale , which will air May 13 . His character is an expert on body language and the detection of deception . "  Our series is based on the idea that we can read what 's going on across your face and if it 's contradicting what you 're actually saying , " Roth said . Lightman and his colleague , Dr. Gillian Foster -- played by Kelli Williams -- run "  The Lightman Group . " They observe body language and interpret what it means in order to help law enforcement agencies see through the bull . His character is based on Dr. Paul Ekman , a specialist who reads clues embedded in the human face , body and voice to expose the truth in criminal investigations . Ekman , who in 2001 was named as one of the most influential psychologists of the 20th century by the American Psychological Association , is a scientific consultant for the show . Roth says Ekman can be intimidating . "  He makes me very , very nervous , Paul , you know , " he said . "  I mean , he 's the sweetest man , as sweet as can be , but when he 's around , you feel like your acting is really being judged . " Roth is perhaps best known for his outings with famed director Quentin Tarantino . The British actor pulled off a convincing American accent in the cult classics "  Reservoir Dogs " and "  Pulp Fiction . " He uses his true-Brit accent in "  Lie to Me , " which debuted in January and is one of the season 's few successful new dramas . In a review for Entertainment Weekly , critic-at-large Ken Tucker wrote that "  Like ` Monk ' and ` Psych ' and ` The Mentalist , ' ` Lie ' offers us an eccentric who 's brought in by law enforcement to solve crimes . " Though he gave the show a B-minus , Tucker praised Roth for "  resist -LSB- ing -RSB- the cuddly/cranky . " The show has quickly found its fan base , though ratings have declined slightly since the show was put in its 8 p.m. Wednesday time slot , ahead of "  American Idol . "  The first five episodes aired after "  Idol . " "  I got stopped because one of my lights was out and I was coming back from work and the guy , the cop that stopped me said ` Oh , we watch your show ' and they seemed to enjoy it , " said Roth . "  ER " alum Mekhi Phifer is set to join the cast as an FBI agent for two episodes this season , starting Thursday . "  I 'm here to kick ass and take names , you know . So it 's kind of different , " Phifer said . "  It 's fun , you know . Obviously , I carry a gun and I 'm in law enforcement rather than being a doctor . " Phifer particularly likes acting in intense scenes with Roth . "  I have my own way of doing it , " he said . "  It 's a little different than the way Tim does it . It 's a lot of fun , and we 're having a great time . " And will time spent on the show help Phifer better detect when people are lying to him in real life ? "  It 's going to take a few more episodes , but I 'm pretty perceptive , " he said . Roth , however , makes no claims of special powers -- at least when he 's away from the set . "  I try not to know too much , because it actually is quite extraordinary , " he says . "  When you watch politicians on TV , you can use the stuff that Paul does to see if they 're lying or not . I try not to take it home . "	British actor Tim Roth stars in the hit Fox series "  Lie to Me " Actor best known for his appearances in Quentin Tarantino films Roth plays a body language expert who can detect liars "  ER " alum Mekhi Phifer is set to join the cast
NEW YORK  CNN  -- In a dramatic reversal , the Florida state attorney 's office announced Monday it will seek the death penalty against Casey Anthony , the 23-year-old woman charged in the death of her 2-year-old daughter Caylee . Casey Anthony is charged with first-degree murder in the slaying of her daughter Caylee , 2 , Trial is set for October . The state had previously said it would not ask for the death sentence for Anthony . The development could have a major impact on how the case plays out at trial , including whether defense attorney Jose Baez can stay on the case . Baez has not been certified by the court to defend capital punishment cases . Prosecutors announced their change in strategy in a letter of intent . Read the letter of intent  pdf Meanwhile , Anthony 's defense filed a motion on Friday with Orange County Circuit Court , seeking more phone records from a dozen people involved in the case . The motion asks for any and all records for "  phone calls , text messages , P2P communications , Internet usage , WAP usage , and cell tower pings . " The defense wants records from the defendant 's parents , George and Cindy Anthony ; her former fiancé , Jesse Grund ; her brother , Lee Anthony ; a friend , Amy Huizenga ; and Roy Kronk , the meter reader who found Caylee 's remains in December of last year . Kronk had called authorities as early as last August to report he had seen a suspicious bag in the area . Other names on the list include several former boyfriends , two private investigators , a volunteer searcher and Richard Cain , an Orange County Sheriff 's deputy . Cain was fired after an internal investigation found he failed to respond to repeated calls from Kronk about the suspicious bag . Cain has refused to leave the job and is awaiting an appeal . "  Various cell phone service providers are in possession of certain items which are material to the preparation of the defense in this cause , " the motion says , adding , " the items sought by this application can not be obtained through normal discovery . " The motion says the release of these records could lead to admissible evidence in Anthony 's trial , which is set to begin in October . Anthony is charged with first-degree murder of Caylee , whose remains were found in woods near her grandparents ' home in Orlando .	Florida 's turnaround could have a major impact on how the case plays out Casey Anthony 's defense filed motion for more phone records from a dozen people Motion asks for all "  phone calls , text messages " of those associated with case
CNN  -- Federal investigators ruled out foul play in a commuter train derailment in Bridgeport , Connecticut , that left more than 70 people injured and shut down service along the busy New York-to-New Haven corridor , officials said Saturday . National Transportation Safety Board investigators are now focusing on a broken rail as a possible cause behind Friday 's rush-hour collision of two trains . "  It is of substantial interest to us , and we will be sending a portion of that track back to the laboratory in Washington , D.C. , for analysis , " Earl Weener of the NTSB told reporters Saturday . Weener said the fracture could have been caused by the accident itself , or it could have been broken before the trains collided . Investigators will also look at the trains ' braking performance , wheel and track conditions , and speed and other information from data recorders , he said . In addition to the trains , investigators also are examining the behavior and actions of the crew . The wreckage wo n't be removed until investigators finish examining it on site -- possibly Sunday , Weener said -- and then two tracks will have to be repaired before they can be reopened . While that happens , a long stretch of rail that tens of thousands of passengers take daily will be shut down . That includes Metro-North service for a 30-mile stretch between New Haven and South Norwalk , Connecticut , and Amtrak service between New York and New Haven -- both closed indefinitely . "  I think this is going to be with us for a number of days , " Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy told reporters Saturday morning . ` Absolutely staggering damage ' The damage to the tracks and several train cars is "  absolutely staggering , " said U.S. Sen. Richard Blumenthal , D-Connecticut , who visited the site with other officials Saturday . Wreckage littered an area of about 200 yards , officials said . "  Ribbons of the sides of cars are torn away like ribbons of cloth , " Blumnethal said . "  Tons of metal tossed around like toy things . The insides of cars are shattered . " The two Metro-North passenger trains , heading in opposite directions , collided Friday evening in southwestern Connecticut , damaging both trains and leaving some people critically injured . The accident occurred when a train heading from New York City to New Haven derailed around 6:10 p.m. . That train struck the other train in Bridgeport , Connecticut , Weener said Saturday . Three people still were in critical condition Saturday morning , according to Andrew Doba , spokesman for Malloy . The governor had said Friday night that five people were seriously injured . Of the 70 people taken to hospitals Friday , nine remained in the facilities Saturday morning , hospital representatives told CNN . ` Doctors up front ' A passenger in a middle car of the New York-bound train , Chris Martin , said his car went dark after the crash . He then heard someone yell over the intercom for "  all the doctors up front . " Martin said his crowded train was evacuated . Everybody on his train was physically fine , he said , but many were shaken emotionally . He said he saw injured people outside the train . Brian Alvarez said he saw the wreckage . "  I saw this one car and it was completely destroyed , and they were pulling people out of the car , " Alvarez said . " ... They were all bloody . " Bridgeport Mayor Bill Finch said Friday that travel headaches could persist for weeks because the two tracks affected by the derailment -- which are both "  shot right now " -- may take weeks to repair . Cranes will have to remove the wreckage from the tracks once the NTSB has finished its on-site probe . Because of a bridge replacement project , those two tracks are the only way in and out of New York City by train from that part of Connecticut . Malloy said the state would set up a system taking rail Metro-North patrons from Bridgeport to the closest operable station , in South Norwalk , during the shutdown . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Rob Frehse , Chris Welch , AnneClaire Stapleton and Jordana Ossad contributed to this report .	NEW : NTSB investigators are focusing on a fractured rail NEW : "  It is substantial interest to us , " an NTSB official says One train derailed then hit a train going the other way , officials say Hospitals say they have treated 70 people
CNN  -- Police dropped assault and harassment charges against a man who Lindsay Lohan said choked her during a scuffle over cell phone photos early Sunday , a New York Police Department official said . Instead , Christian LaBella , 25 , and Lohan , 26 , filed harassment claims against each other . "  Cross complaints for harassment were filed and LaBella 's assault arrest was voided after detectives investigated further , " NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne said . The incident happened in a guest room at New York 's Union Square W Hotel at 5 a.m. , according to a police official who did not want to be named . Lohan said she and three other friends -- another woman and two men , including LaBella -- went to the room after a night of partying at a nightclub , another police source said . From there , the accounts differ . Lohan told police she asked LaBella to borrow his cell phone because her battery died , and then discovered photos he took of her at the nightclub , the source said . LaBella told police Lohan took his phone without permission and refused to give it back . When she refused to return the phone , Lohan told police that LaBella pushed her onto the bed and she suffered scratches , the source added . Lohan said she then ran out of the room and into the stairwell with LaBella in pursuit , according to the source . She accused LaBella of choking her during the struggle for the phone , the source said . Police , who responded to a fire alarm that officers said had been pulled by Lohan , arrested LaBella on two misdemeanor counts of assault and harassment based on Lohan 's description of what happened . Those charges were dropped when investigators decided there was not enough evidence to support them . Both Lohan and LaBella could have difficulty pursuing competing civil claims , a police source said . LaBella could argue she took his phone without permission , and Lohan can argue he attacked her , the source explained . Lohan did not seek medical treatment , the source added . "  While she did sustain some injuries , she was not hospitalized , " Lohan publicist Steve Honig said . Police will have no further involvement in the case . Lohan , who is on unsupervised probation for a shoplifting conviction , moved to New York this summer following a series of late-night controversies in Los Angeles . LaBella told police he is a clerical worker from Valley Village , a suburb of Los Angeles . A spokesman for U.S. Rep. John Shimkus confirmed to CNN that LaBella is an employee in the Illinois congressman 's Washington office . "  Obviously , the congressman does not condone his actions , " said Shimkus spokesman Steve Tomaszewski , declining to comment further . NYPD releases video of Lohan traffic incident Lohan recovering after hospital visit Lohan 's probation nears end CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : Lindsay Lohan and Christian LaBella file harassment claims against each other , official says Lohan grabbed LaBella 's phone when she realized he took photos of her , a police source says LaBella says she took the phone without his permission , according to the source Lohan "  did sustain some injuries , she was not hospitalized , " her publicist says
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's move to relax travel , trade and economic restrictions with Cuba set off a firestorm from opponents on Capitol Hill , who immediately vowed to block the new policy . Top Republican leaders and other key lawmakers were furious they were kept in the dark about the secret mission orchestrated by the White House to bring home Alan Gross , an American hostage held in Cuba for the last five years . Although they supported Gross ' release they denounced the Obama administration 's sweeping changes to a policy that isolated the communist country for over 50 years , arguing these steps would only make it harder to force a more democratic government in Cuba . What can Congress do to roll back Obama 's actions ? Defund a new U.S. Embassy in Cuba Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio , whose parents emigrated from Cuba , said he would use every tool at his disposal -- including using Congress ' power of the purse to block funding for a new U.S. embassy in Havana . But Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , who was part of the U.S. delegation that flew down to pick up Gross , batted aside the funding threat , noting there are already diplomatic personnel working in a U.S. "  Interests Section " in Havana . "  The horse is out of barn , " Leahy said . The spending bill that Obama signed on Tuesday night funds the State Department 's operations through September . That measure includes funding for the U.S diplomatic facility in Cuba 's capital . GOP leaders are discussing whether to strip that money out as part of their debate on spending bills early next year . Republicans will control both chambers of Congress next year and both top leaders -- House Speaker John Boehner and Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell -- made statements critical of the President 's actions . In an interview on Wednesday the incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said he deferred to Rubio , effectively agreeing to fight back aggressively to reverse the administration 's Cuba policy . "  Sounds like the correct response to me , " McConnell told The Associated Press about Rubio 's pushback to the President 's new policy . "  I think he knows more about this than almost anybody in the Senate if not everybody in the Senate and I would n't differ with his characterization . " Texas Sen. Ted Cruz said he was n't sure the votes were there in the Senate , but he would be part of an effort to try to unravel the new rules . "  I am hopeful that we will prevent a bad deal and a bad decision , " Cruz said on CNN . Block the nomination of the U.S. Ambassador to Cuba Obama instructed Secretary of State John Kerry to "  to re-establish diplomatic relations that have been severed since January of 1961 . " But Rubio , who is expected to chair a key Senate panel that would consider a presidential pick for U.S. Ambassador to Cuba , immediately vowed to block any nomination . Democrats again point to existing diplomatic personnel in place to keep an embassy running in Havana . RELATED : The wait for Cuban beaches and cigars continues "  There are lots of countries where we do n't necessarily have a confirmed ambassador in place right now , but we have full diplomatic relations with them , " Rep. Chris Van Hollen , D-Maryland , said . Retain current U.S. embargo The President outlined a series of changes such as new travel rules , allowing American tourists to use debit cards while visiting Cuba , permitting relatives to send money to family members living in Cuba . But he admitted the current embargo passed by Congress restricts the scope of what he could do . He called on Congress to lift the embargo -- something Rubio and other top Republicans said would n't happen in the next Congress . While he was confident Congress would n't repeal the embargo , Rubio acknowledged there are limitations to what Congress can do to stop the President 's plans from moving forward . "  Many of the changes that have been today such as diplomatic relations fall within the purview of the presidency . My criticisms are largely based on the fact that these are unwise decisions , " Rubio said . CNN 's Ted Barrett contributed to this story	Congressional Republicans are upset with the Obama administration 's new policies with Cuba They hope to blunt his influence by either defunding a potential embassy or blocking an ambassador nominee It 's unclear how effective they can be even when they take control of Congress in January
CNN  -- Hope smells like eucalyptus and lemongrass for the farmers of Ikirezi . The Rwandan co-operative is a producer of essential oils , with ambitious plans to reconstruct communities still scarred by genocide . This month will see the launch of Ikirezi 's designer scent "  Patchouli of Rwanda " in upscale Selfridges of London , as well as many of the world 's leading department stores , making its debut alongside the offerings of Chanel and Estee Lauder . This dream comes true courtesy of Canadian entrepreneur Barbara Stegemann , for whom it is all in a day 's work . She is the founder of "  7 virtues , " an enterprise with the rare mission of producing exotic , luxury fragrances of uncompromising quality , and also building successful businesses in the most devastated regions of the world . "  We are up against giants and we should n't really exist , " Stegemann admits happily . "  But you just have to follow your gut and hope that people will connect with what you 're doing . " Personal journey The mission has been deeply personal from the outset for the ex-journalist , which began after a near-fatal ax attack on a serviceman friend in Afghanistan that made her determined to find a way of supporting development in the country . She found it in Abdullah Arsala , a Jallalabad supplier of oils , on the verge of quitting under pressure from the Taliban . Stegemann extended her credit card to its limit to buy a single cup of orange blossom for $ 2,000 , and via a Canadian perfumer released the first bottles in a few local stores . An appearance on entrepreneurial reality TV show Dragon 's Den secured her publicity , investment and a long-term business mentor in philanthropist W. Brett Wilson , enabling her to scale up production . Four years later , 7 Virtues has produced fragrances from Afghanistan , Haiti , Iran and Israel , and now Rwanda . Stegemann 's line is carried in the boutique stores of Europe and North America , and airlines such as Virgin Atlantic . She has been named one of Canada 's most powerful women and her reputation has grown to the point that Bill Clinton invited her on a development trip to Haiti . Giving back to local economies The business has also delivered for her suppliers , with an estimated $ 250,000 reaching these local economies . Arsala 's distillery in Jallalabad has found new buyers and now employs several thousands in harvest season , with knock-on improvements in local infrastructure and education . Government funding has boosted the business further , as perfume oils are recognized as viable alternative crops to the poppy . "  Barb has become our ambassador , " says Dr. Nicholas Hitimana , founder of the Ikirezi group . "  I have already received a request for oil because of the story of Patchouli of Rwanda . " Key to Stegemann 's approach is the insistence this is business not charity . "  It 's not even philanthropy , " she says . "  I need my suppliers and they need me , so we are equal . That 's what separates us from other companies that will donate a dollar for a cause ... I was raised in poverty and I know enterprise is the solution , not charity . " Surprisingly , operating from some of the most dangerous parts of the world has not negatively affected the business . "  People say it 's a risky supply chain , and I always buy a little extra to be sure , but we have never had a problem . DHL run the most dangerous routes in the world . I have more problems with our local shipping networks . " Stegemann credits persistence and belief for the company 's success -- "  forgetting the people that say no . " She has been happy to sacrifice , forgoing a salary to constantly reinvest in order to compete in the elite fragrance world , supplementing her income through a bestselling book about her experiences . She works long hours researching potential supply sources , and is prepared to fly across the world for a meeting . She has also been forced to confront constant risk and rejection , and even the possibility of oblivion , in a cut-throat industry in which most new companies do n't survive the first year . The ethical choice But the 7 Virtues have unique selling points , informed by the production process , that enable them to position their fragrances as the transparent , ethical choice , with more than a trace of feminism . "  We do n't use skinny models , movie stars or expensive imagery , just the farmers ' stories and their oils with no added chemicals , " says Stegemann . "  People who ca n't wear most fragrances can wear ours because of the composition . " "  I have never been comfortable going to a beauty counter because I never felt airbrushed or thin enough - that 's scarier for me than Haiti or Rwanda . So I 'm happy to be sharing something that does n't impose upon women or make them feel they need to be externally beautiful in the way that airbrushed imagery tells us to be . We want to change the model at home too , to make the beauty counter a place women that can feel empowered . " The entrepreneur is aware that the finest of ethical credentials would fall flat without an elite product , so she does not compromise on quality and the fragrances ' growing popularity suggests they compete on their own terms . Stegemann still has grand plans . Syria and Palestine are among the targets for future scents , and she hopes to deepen her involvement in international development efforts with leading organizations and public figures , to lend her insight to making support for local economies count . But her primary ambition now is about taking business to the next level and making it pay . "  We have gone from thriving to surviving and now I want to prove this business model works . Each year we make more money , and its time to ramp it up now and show people that social enterprise can pay dividends . "	Entrepreneur creates luxury fragrance brand with ingredients from war and disaster zones The ' 7 Virtues ' brand has tapped Afghanistan , Haiti and now Rwanda Some of the world 's leading department stores such as Selfridges will sell the perfumes This could be the model for profitable social enterprise
CNN  -- Former U.S. Sen. Charles Percy , a prominent Illinois Republican who served in the Senate for nearly 20 years and became chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee , died Saturday , said a spokesman for Sen. Jay Rockefeller , a relative . He was 91 . Percy , a one-time rising star in the Republican Party who was once considered a potential presidential candidate , was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1966 and served until 1985 . His daughter , Sharon , the wife of Rockefeller  D-West Virginia  , spoke publicly in 2009 of her father experiencing Alzheimer 's disease . She made those remarks before the National Alzheimer 's Association . Born in Florida and raised in Chicago 's far north neighborhood of Rogers Park and the well-to-do suburb of Winnetka , Percy was regarded a business wunderkind who rose to become the president , CEO and board chairman of Bell & Howell , a manufacturer of made home-movie cameras and electronic consumer products . He became president at age 29 . He was appointed as President Dwight Eisenhower 's personal representative to presidential inaugurations in Peru and Bolivia with the rank of special ambassador in 1956 . After an unsuccessful run for governor of Illinois in 1964 , he successfully ran for the U.S. Senate two years later . While campaigning in 1966 , Percy 's other daughter , Valerie , Sharon 's twin , was murdered at age 21 in the family 's Kenilworth , Illinois , home , a crime that shocked Illinois and the nation . The murder is unsolved , but remains a vivid memory for many residents of Chicago and Illinois who knew Percy . While in the Senate , Percy emerged as an antagonist to President Richard Nixon , also a Republican , when Percy called for a special prosecutor to investigate Watergate , the political scandal that eventually culminated in Nixon 's resignation . Percy considered running for the 1976 presidential nomination , but he backed off after Nixon resigned in 1974 and after Vice President Gerald Ford became the new president and decided to seek the 1976 nomination himself .	NEW : Percy once considered running for president in 1976 Percy was suffering Alzheimer 's in recent years He was a one-time rising star in the Republican Party He was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1966 and served until 1985
Chapel Hill , North Carolina  CNN  For 18 years , thousands of students at the prestigious University of North Carolina took fake "  paper classes , " and advisers funneled athletes into the program to keep them eligible , according to a scathing independent report released Wednesday . "  These counselors saw the paper classes and the artificially high grades they yielded as key to helping some student-athletes remain eligible , " Kenneth Wainstein wrote in his report . He conducted an eight-month investigation into the scandal , which has plagued the university for nearly five years . Four employees have been fired and five more disciplined because of their roles . One other former employee had honorary status removed , Chancellor Carol Folt said Wednesday . Wainstein is the former federal prosecutor hired by UNC to independently investigate the academic fraud brought to light by CNN , the Raleigh News & Observer and other media outlets . In all , the report estimates , at least 3,100 students took the paper classes , but adds the number "  very likely falls far short of the true number . " For the first time since the scandal first came to light five years ago , UNC admitted that the wrongdoing went further than academics and involved its athletic programs . In fact , Folt said , "  it was a university issue . " A stellar reputation comes crashing down UNC has long been a place where it was believed that athletics and academics went hand in hand . It has enjoyed a stellar reputation , producing basketball greats such as coach Dean Smith and Michael Jordan . Now , that reputation has been stained . According to the report , one former head football coach , John Bunting , admitted to knowing of the paper classes and his successor , Butch Davis , also admitted some knowledge . Current men 's basketball coach Roy Williams is steadfast that he did not know , Wainstein said . The detailed 131-page report is being shared with the NCAA and could have huge implications for the university . In the past 18 years , UNC has won three national championships for college basketball -- in 1993 , 2005 and 2009 -- that could be in jeopardy along with countless wins . And it was n't just the revenue-generating sports that benefited . The report says that athletes in a wide range of sports were involved , and it notes a noticeable spike of enrollment of Olympic-sport athletes between 2003 and 2005 . UNC in January : We failed students ` for years ' Report spreads the blame around For five years , UNC has insisted the paper classes were the doing of one rogue professor : the department chair of the African American studies program , Julius Nyang ` oro . Wainstein 's report spread the blame much further . It also revealed that it was Nyang ` oro 's assistant , Debbie Crowder , who actually created the paper classes out of sympathy for athletes and other students who were not "  the best and the brightest . " Nyang ` oro went along with them when he figured them out . Crowder was such a fan of UNC sports , particularly basketball , that she would sometimes miss work after a loss , the report says . It was well-known on campus that Crowder was a lax grader and gave high grades without regard for content , Wainstein said , emphasizing that she never gave a grade unless a student submitted a paper and did not change grades that were already given . Wainstein did find that five counselors actively used paper classes , calling them "  GPA boosters , " and that at least two counselors , one in football , suggested to Crowder the grade an athlete needed to receive to be able to continue to play . Nyang ` oro was more hands off . He had initially held legitimate independent studies classes , Wainstein said , but was accused of "  being an ass " by counselors who felt he was too hard on athletes . Crowder then took it upon herself to create the first paper classes , naming Nyang ` oro as the instructor even though she was managing all aspects of them : sending out paper topics , giving grades and assigning no meeting times . "  It is not clear whether Crowder ever got Nyang ` oro 's explicit approval to arrange these irregular independent studies . It is clear , however , that he ultimately learned about these classes and acquiesced in them by taking no action to put a halt to them . " When Crowder announced she was retiring , there was a spike in enrollment in the last year of her classes , because football counselors urged student athletes to sign up . Crowder actively tried to cover her activities , according to the report . UNC fake class scandal and NCAA 's response wind their way to Washington A strategy to keep players eligible Former head football coach John Bunting admitted that he knew of the paper classes and said that former Director of Football Cynthia Reynolds told him they were part of her strategy to keep players eligible . Reynolds , who is now an academic program coordinator at Cornell University in Ithaca , New York , was one of four employees who refused to cooperate with Wainstein 's investigation . The report shows that during Bunting 's years as head coach , there was a steady rise of enrollment of football players in the paper classes . Butch Davis , who succeeded Bunting as coach and was eventually fired in the wake of the scandal in 2011 , also admitted to knowing there were "  easy classes , " Wainstein said . Basketball coach Roy Williams maintained he had no knowledge of the fraud , Wainstein said , which was supported by a drop in enrollment in the suspect classes by basketball players during his tenure . There were no findings regarding renowned coach Dean Smith , who is ill with dementia . For health reasons , the Wainstein team was also unable to interview his longtime No. 2 and eventual successor , Bill Guthridge . The report does say that Smith 's longtime academic adviser , the late Burgess McSwain , and her successor , Wayne Walden , knew about the paper classes . McSwain , who died of cancer in 2004 , was a very close friend to Crowder , the report says . During the Smith years , 1961 to 1997 , the report says there were 54 basketball players enrolled in paper classes . Although the paper classes did start in the spring of 1993 , the year of Smith 's final championship , grades would not have been entered until after the championship game was played . A whistleblower 's saga Many of the academic-athletic staff who were named and implicated by Wainstein were also named by university Learning Specialist Mary Willingham , who went public with detailed allegations about paper classes and who , after a an all-out assault on her credibility by the university , has since filed a whistleblower suit . CNN interviewed Willingham in January about her years working with student-athletes . She said that she had worked with dozens of athletes who came to UNC unable to read at an acceptable level , with some of them reading like elementary schoolchildren . She also said that there were many members of the athletic staff who knew about the paper classes , and her revelations contradicted what UNC had claimed for years -- that Nyang ` oro acted alone in providing the paper classes . Whistle-blower in UNC paper class case files lawsuit Willingham said paper classes were openly discussed as a way to keep athletes eligible to play , and former football player Michael McAdoo told CNN he was forced into majoring in African American studies , the department at the heart of the paper-classes scandal . Willingham shared her reaction to the report with CNN on Wednesday : "  I did n't need Wainstein to validate me because the truth is validation enough , but I feel like what I 've said for the last five years is in the report . "  I gave Chancellor Folt credit ; she did a good job , " she said . Willingham also said she believes it took so many years and six previous investigations because "  this is the flagship of the university system and of the state , and to admit we did anything wrong was too difficult there is a level of arrogance here and that 's part of the culture . " Refused to help in investigation Folt would not say who was fired or being disciplined . Wainstein , however , did name those who refused to cooperate , as : -- Octavus Barnes , academic counselor for football 2002-2009 . -- Carolyn Cannon , associate dean and director of academic advising . 1999-2010 , who was the principle adviser for the men 's basketball team . -- Cynthia Reynolds , director of football , 2002-2010 . She was called a "  critical witness . " -- Everett Withers , interim head football coach in 2011 . He 's now at James Madison University . Scandal has been unfolding for years The first hints of scandal began in 2010 , with allegations that some athletes were having improper contact with agents . As the university investigated , it found academic irregularities and finally announced , under pressure from the News & Observer newspaper in Raleigh , that there were classes where very little work was required . For the next five years , UNC administration was on the defensive , admitting only to allegations as they surfaced and never digging deep to the root of the problem . Wainstein said he found no evidence that administrators tried to cover up anything . He attributed the five-year delayed response to "  insufficient appreciation of the scale of the problem . " Six previous internally commissioned reports had stopped short of systemic accusations . Folt said that when she took the job as chancellor in October 2013 , she decided to hire Wainstein because there were still too many unanswered questions . "  I wanted to be sure that we would n't have to do this again and again , " she said . CNN analysis : Some college athletes play like adults , read like 5th graders	Report by investigator found advisers funneled athletes to "  paper classes " 3,100 students took those bogus classes , Kenneth Wainstein 's report finds The report found the practice more widespread than many first thought UNC 's national championships could be on the line
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Authorities in northern Pakistan were looking for 384 inmates who escaped from a prison early Sunday morning after hundreds of Taliban militants raided the facility . The attack took place in the city of Bannu in northwest Pakistan , an area known for a heavy militant presence . Four prison officials were wounded in the attack , which lasted more than two hours , said Iftikhar Khan , a senior police official in the city . Of the 944 prisoners the facility held , 384 escaped , officials said . Among them were 21 high-profile militants , said Iftikhar Hussain , the information minister of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province , where Bannu is located . The attackers apparently were aiming to free a senior Taliban commander , he said , but prison records were destroyed in the attack , and officials were still working to verify the names and crimes of those who escaped . "  This is beyond terrorism . Such an attack challenges the writ of the state , " Hussain said . Two of the inmates who escaped had been awaiting execution . One , Adnan Rashid , had been found guilty in the attempted murder of former President Pervez Musharraf in 2003 . The other , Safi Ullah , was convicted of several bombings in northern Pakistan in recent years , officials said . Authorities were investigating how militants managed to enter the city , Hussain said . "  A soul-searching investigation is underway to answer some big questions , " he said . "  How were the militants allowed to block routes to the jail before the attack ? Why did n't the reinforcements arrive ? " The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack , according to its spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan . "  We will go where we need to go " said Ehsan , vowing to continue attacks that would result in the release of other imprisoned Taliban fighters . Journalist Wajahat S. Khan contributed to this report .	NEW : Four prison officials are wounded in the two-hour attack , a police official says NEW : 21 of the 384 escapees were high-profile militants , an information minister says Attackers apparently aimed to free a senior Taliban commander , the information minister says The Pakistani Taliban claims responsibility and vows to continue attacks to release imprisoned militants
CNN  -- Serena Williams became the first woman through to the semifinals of the season-ending WTA Championships on Thursday , winning her third successive match in Istanbul . The world No. 1 trounced former Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova 6-2 6-3 in just 72 minutes to secure top spot in the Red Group . The American has now won her past 13 matches at the event , passing Chris Evert to have the second-best unbeaten streak behind Martina Navratilova 's 21 in a row from 1983 to 1987 . "  I feel pretty good -- I was really aggressive tonight , " Williams said after extending her career record to 5-0 against the fourth-seeded Czech , firing 27 winners -- with 11 aces -- and making just 13 unforced errors . "  Petra was aggressive too , but I think my serve did really well . I 'm just glad to still be alive in the tournament -- I did n't have any expectations coming here , I just wanted to come here and enjoy myself , and that 's what I 've done . "  It just feels good to not be out of the tournament . " However , Polish third seed Agnieszka Radwanska is out after losing 6-2 6-2 to Angelique Kerber . The German now has a 1-1 record , as does Kvitova , ahead of their winner-take-all clash on Friday . In the White Group , Li Na is "  one foot " away from making another piece of tennis history . Already the first Chinese player to win a grand slam singles title , and the first to be ranked in the top five , she will now seek to reach the semifinals of the WTA Championships for the first time . Two previous attempts have ended in disappointment , going home with a 1-2 record on each occasion , but the 31-year-old is in touching distance this year after winning her second successive match in Istanbul . "  It was tight , but at least it 's better than the last two years , because now I 've got one foot in the semis -- but another foot still out of the door , so I have to see how it goes tomorrow , " she said . Li faces world No. 2 Victoria Azarenka in her final round-robin match , and may still go through even if she loses -- depending on the result of Friday 's other White Group clash between Jelena Jankovic and Sara Errani . Li beat Jankovic 6-3 2-6 6-3 on Thursday in the first match this week to go to three sets , leaving Serbia 's former world No. 1 with a 1-1 record ahead of her final match against Errani -- who is out of contention following two defeats . Azarenka , who beat Li in January 's Australian Open final when she was the top-ranked woman , also has a win and a loss . The Belorussian has won their past five encounters , including at the WTA Championships in 2011 and 2012 , but has been in poor form recently with just one win in four matches since losing the U.S. Open final to Williams . Meanwhile , Grigor Dimitrov -- known earlier in his career as "  Baby Federer " -- will face the real thing in Friday 's quarterfinals at the Swiss Indoors event . The Bulgarian , who claimed his first ATP Tour title in Stockholm last weekend , earned a clash with 17-time grand slam winner Roger Federer by beating Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-3 6-2 . Defending champion Juan Martin del Potro set up a clash with French qualifier Paul-Henri Mathieu , while Edouard Roger-Vasselin and Daniel Brands also went through to the last eight . World No. 3 David Ferrer reached the quarterfinals of his home Valencia Open , where he will play fifth seed Jerzy Janowicz , but American No. 4 John Isner was upset by Frenchman Jeremy Chardy .	World No. 1 Serena Williams wins her third successive match at WTA Championships American beats Petra Kvitova in straight sets to reach semifinals of season-ending event Third seed Agnieszka Radwanska is out after losing to Germany 's Angelique Kerber China 's world No. 5 Li Na wins again in other group , faces Victoria Azarenka in decider
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Thirty people convicted of drug and other criminal charges will be hanged on Sunday , Iran 's semi-official Fars News Agency reported Saturday . A convicted Iranian drug dealer is hanged from a crane in the southern city of Shiraz in September . The 30 had their cases tried by the highest judicial authorities and were found guilty of the charges brought against them , Iran 's judiciary said in a statement . The verdicts are final , and the sentences will be carried out Sunday , according to Fars . According to Amnesty International , Iran executed 317 people last year , second only to China 's 470 . The U.S. executed 42 people in 2007 , according to Amnesty International . The Iranian judiciary 's statement said that all 30 were convicted of crimes including murder , murder in commission of a crime , disturbing public safety and security , being a public nuisance while drunk and being involved in illegal relationships -- relationships between men and women who are not married to each other . Kidnapping and using weapons while committing a crime were among the charges . The statement said that 20 of the people were convicted of drug and alcohol dealing , armed robbery and smuggling arms . The judiciary said it will provide more details later as to the crimes committed by those condemned and added that the hangings should serve as a warning to those who are contemplating committing such crimes . Others are awaiting trial , and their sentences will be carried out as soon as the verdicts are pronounced by the courts , the judiciary said . The judiciary asked the public to notify the authorities if they have any information that might lead to arrest and convictions of criminals . Iran 's government launched a campaign March 20 to increase public security and bring the crime rate down . Police cracked down on drug dealers , whom they called criminal gang members , and habitual criminals who use guns in the commission of their crime . Alleged weapons smugglers and people who break social and religious laws , including adulterers , were also targets . National television showed scenes of what were described as criminals being paraded in chains as a deterrent to others . The wave of arrests has subsided , as officials are now prosecuting the suspects and sentencing those convicted . Journalist Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	The condemned include people convicted of drug and alcohol offenses Iran executed 317 people in 2007 , compared with 42 executions in U.S. Iran 's government announced a crackdown on crime in March
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- All around the world this weekend , Christians are celebrating Easter . For them , this holiest of days announces that death does not have the final word and that eternal life awaits those who would just believe . Sunday also marks the anniversary of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's death . Forty-two years ago , an assassin 's bullet took his life as he struggled to secure the promises of American democracy for the children of slaves . His sacrifice , along with countless others , helped usher in a new chapter in American life -- one that prepared the way for the election of our nation 's first African-American president . Every now and again , the convergence of significant historical moments occasions a time for serious reflection . How might we think about the significance of the resurrection of Jesus and the martyrdom of Martin Luther King , Jr. to the lives we currently live as Americans ? What lessons does Easter hold for us ? And what does remembering King 's death teach us ? On April 27 , 1957 , Dr. King delivered an Easter sermon titled , "  Questions that Easter Answers . " For him , Easter settled the mystery of death and secured for us the importance of living a life in light of those forces that go beyond our physical experience . We are not simply biological processes . Instead , King argued , Easter cries out to us about the importance of the unseen and of the personality , those "  spiritual forces that are eternal and not merely these material things that we look about and see . " We matter . Our hopes and aspirations , our joys and triumphs matter . Not because of something we have actually done , but rather , because of an inheritance borne on a cross on Calvary . King understood Easter 's answer to the significance of human action in the world . "  There is a faith , there is love , there is hope , there is something beyond the external that will stand through the ages . " This view holds off the notion that life has no meaning or is doomed to end in shipwreck . The fact that so many have lost their jobs , their homes , their dreams in these difficult times confirms for us that life carries with it a ` Good Friday ' experience -- that darkness and disappointment can be constant companions . "  But thank God the crucifixion was not the last act in that great and powerful drama , " King preached . "  There is another act . And it is something that we sing out and cry and ring out today . Thank God a day came when Good Friday had to pass . " For King , Easter teaches us that death does not have the last word ; that invisible forces are more real than the shadows that we currently inhabit ; and that the darkness of Good Friday may be necessary but will eventually pass away . Easter ultimately demonstrates that "  love is the most powerful force in the universe , " said King . And this insight reaches beyond Christians to all of us , no matter what we believe . Here , love is n't some sentimental notion ; instead , it involves risks , daring and growth -- a surrender to that feature of human personality that can cause us to sacrifice our lives in defense of it . Love conquers cowardice . It shatters hubris and crushes the illusions of death . It fortifies the soul amid the darkness of the hour ; it calls us to bear witness and to suffer , if necessary , the consequences . The mindless chatter of today distracts us from the power of love . Instead , we are mired in the sundry politics of Washington , or we are content to spew venom at our opponents . Mean-spiritedness carries the day . But Easter , if I understand King correctly , teaches us to love and to witness the miracle of the resurrection before the powers that be , no matter the consequences . "  It says to us , " King preached , "  that love is the most durable power in the world " and is stronger "  than all of the military giants , all of the nations that base their way on military power . " Such a conviction led him on April 4 , 1967 , a year before he was killed , to condemn the Vietnam War and to say that America was "  the greatest purveyor of violence in the world . " The fact that Easter falls this year on the anniversary of Dr. King 's death highlights the true lesson of this holiest of days . We are not to sit idly by because Easter proclaims the victory . Too many Christians take comfort in the wrong-headed idea that all is settled because Jesus rose from the dead . Martin Luther King , Jr 's death suggests otherwise . His was a life given in love and in devotion to justice . Are we , Christian or not , as committed ? To stopping war ? To ending poverty ? To fighting for the most vulnerable among us ? Or , are we content to rest in the illusion that salvation is guaranteed ? Our lives , if we are to be saved , must stand as a testament to that legacy which , beyond our doing , is inescapable . Cowardice and complicity must die in us . And we must rise again to "  love " a new world into existence . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eddie S. Glaude .	The anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr. 's death coincides this year with Easter Eddie Glaude says the martyred preacher spoke about the message of Easter King said Easter shows that death does not have the last word , according to Glaude King challenged people to fight for social justice , and said love is the "  most durable power in the world "
CNN  -- The combination of a gun and a surprise gone wrong left a beloved 18-year-old track star dead , authorities in Longmont , Colorado , say . The incident happened Friday when Premila Lal and her 12-year-old cousin decided to play a joke on Nerrek Galley , a close family friend , according to Lal 's father . The Lal family had recently moved , and Galley had been keeping an eye on the recently vacated home . Lal and her cousin snuck into the house just before 8 p.m. unbeknownst to Galley , who was playing video games with Premila 's 15-year-old brother , Pranil . Galley and Pranil heard a noise and went to check it out , the brother told CNN affiliate KUSA on Sunday . "  We thought maybe there was an intruder in the house and maybe some people knew we moved , and they were coming to check if we got everything so we started clearing the house , " Pranil told KUSA . But the intruder turned out to be Premila , who jumped out of a closet as a harmless joke , according to her family . "  The door opened and she kind of , like , screamed and then Nerrek pulled the trigger , " her 12-year-old cousin told KUSA . Authorities say the family 's description of what happened is consistent with their investigation . "  All the witnesses had consistent statements , " Commander Jeffrey Satur of the Longmont Police Department told CNN Sunday . A neighbor told CNN 's affiliate KDVR that she saw the group rush out of the home , screaming . Lal was admitted to a hospital and was pronounced dead about an hour later . Galley is being held on charges of reckless endangerment , child abuse and providing a gun to a juvenile because Lal 's 15-year-old brother had access to the gun , police say . So far Galley has not been charged in Lal 's killing . A court hearing was scheduled for Monday . "  We lost a daughter , so we do n't want anybody else to lose their son , you know , especially when it was accident , " Premila 's father , Praveen Lal , told Denver TV station KCNC . Galley 's attorney was not available for comment Monday . No public statement has been made on his behalf . Pranil told KUSA that Galley "  is devastated right now . " Police said they do not suspect the involvement of alcohol or drugs . The teen 's death was "  unintended and extremely tragic , " police said in a statement . Lal was honored at a weekend cross country meet at her alma mater , KDVR reported . Her family described her as an athlete , popular girl and strong student . Longmont is a former farming community at the foothills of the Rockies . More recently , the community of just under 90,000 has developed high-tech jobs . The town was already stunned by a murder-suicide a day earlier . An 80-year-old man shot his 72-year-old wife before killing himself , police say . Before last week , Satur said , he ca n't remember when the last shooting was . "  It 's been a tough weekend . " CNN 's John Branch and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report	NEW : Teen 's brother says friend is "  devastated " Premila Lal was shot and killed by a family friend The 18-year-old is remembered as a good student and athlete Police call the shooting death "  unintended and extremely tragic "
Atlanta  CNN  -- Citing safety concerns and the organization 's history , Georgia transportation officials said Tuesday they would not allow a local chapter of the Ku Klux Klan to "  adopt " a one-mile stretch of highway in North Georgia . The Klan chapter wanted to clean a stretch of Georgia State Route 515 in Union County , Georgia , according to paperwork obtained by CNN . The application was filed by the International Keystone Knights of the KKK on May 21 . Keith Golden , commissioner for the state Department of Transportation , wrote the chapter 's secretary that officials determined the mountain roadway , with a speed limit of 65 mph , was not a safe place for cleanup volunteers to work . Golden 's letter to April Chambers cited other concerns . "  The impact of erecting a sign naming an organization which has a long-rooted history of civil disturbance would cause a significant public concern , " he wrote . "  Impacts include safety of the traveling public , potential social unrest , driver distraction or interference with the flow of traffic . " The chapter did not immediately respond to messages left Tuesday by CNN . Previously the Klan chapter said it would approach the American Civil Liberties Union if its application was denied . "  All we want to do is adopt a highway , " Chambers said Monday . "  We 're not doing it for publicity . We 're doing it to keep the mountains beautiful . People throwing trash out on the side of the road ... that ai n't right . " "  We 're not racists , " Chambers said . "  We just want to be with white people . If that 's a crime , then I do n't know . It 's all right to be black and Latino and proud , but you ca n't be white and proud . I do n't understand it . " A kinder , gentler Ku Klux Klan ? ` We do not hate anyone , ' imperial wizard says A similar request in Missouri set off a legal battle that stretched for years and went all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court . A Ku Klux Klan chapter there sought to adopt a portion of Interstate 55 . A federal appeals court ruled the state could not bar the KKK from participating in the program , and the high court declined to review the case , letting that ruling stand . However , the Missouri Department of Transportation eventually kicked the KKK , a white supremacy group , out of the program because members were not picking up trash as agreed , spokesman Bob Brendel said Monday . The state also named the stretch of I-55 after civil rights activist Rosa Parks , according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch . Georgia has been participating in the Adopt-A-Highway program for more than 20 years . The program provides advertising for sponsors who agree to clean a stretch of road on a sign posted along the stretch . "  Any civic-minded organization , business , individual , family , city , county , state or federal agency is welcome to volunteer in the Georgia Adopt-A-Highway program , " the DOT website says . Chambers said the group is more than 100 strong . "  We have a lot of support , " she said . "  I do n't see why we ca n't  adopt the stretch of highway  , " she said . "  Would it be any different if it was the Black Panthers or something ? Someone always has some kind of race card . " On its website , the International Keystone Knights of the KKK says it is "  fed up with the Federal tyranny and oppression of Reconstruction , and the time was ripe for Clandestine Armed Resistance . " The Southern Poverty Law Center , which monitors hate groups , lists the KKK as "  the most infamous -- and oldest -- of American hate groups . " "  Over the years since it was formed in December 1865 , the Klan has typically seen itself as a Christian organization , although in modern times Klan groups are motivated by a variety of theological and political ideologies , " the law center 's website says .	NEW : Letter to Klan cites "  public concern " NEW : Commissioner also says area will not be adopted because of safety concerns KKK had wanted to clean part of Georgia State Route 515
CNN  -- Just like any other night in the NBA , the starting lineups of the Boston Celtics and visiting Golden State Warriors were introduced over the public address system . But Wednesday was n't just any night at Boston 's TD Garden . And the loudest ovations were not for members of either team . Louis "  Louie " Corbett , 12 , who is rapidly losing his eyesight due to retinitis pigmentosa , was in the house to fulfill his final seeing wish : watch his beloved Boston Celtics play a game . "  Welcome Louis ! " flashed on all four sides of the Jumbotron to thunderous applause . "  I 'm quite excited to be here for the game , " Louie told CNN affiliate WCVB . While the reason for his long journey from Auckland , New Zealand , was distressing , the circumstances that brought two communities on opposite sides of the planet together were extraordinary . Louie 's progressive disorder will eventually deteriorate his vision . Faced with the grim reality that he will soon lose the ability to see the world around him , his parents wanted to give their youngest of five children an international sightseeing tour . "  This year we 're going to try and fill his world with as many beautiful images as we can , " his mother , Catherine Corbett , told CNN . Louie was instructed to make something of an ocular bucket list -- things and places he 'd like to see for the first , only and likely last time . He picked places such as the Grand Canyon , Niagara Falls , the Empire State Building and , in a sign of the times , Google headquarters in California . But the thing he wanted to experience the most was n't a landmark or a national park . An avid sports fan , Louie wanted to take in a game . And not just any game -- the Boston Celtics . "  For some reason , he really got hooked on American basketball , " his mom said . "  He cares about nothing else . He is really quite passionate about it . " Making the list was the easy part . Getting there , however , would be trickier . With Louie 's eyesight rapidly fading -- by 50 % in the past year alone -- the trip was going to have to be soon . Like , matter-of-weeks soon . Warren Casey , the CEO of a Boston-based software firm , stepped in with a hefty donation and the promise to raise even more . The fact that Casey 's company is based in Boston -- the very place Louie was headed -- had nothing to do with why he got involved . "  That was a random coincidence , " he told CNN . "  I did it because the Corbetts are my next-door neighbors . " Casey makes the 24-hour-plus trek from his Auckland home to his office in downtown Boston every six weeks . He got Air New Zealand to pick up Louie 's airfare tab and donated his own points as well . Casey and his partners at Ceiba Solutions agreed to pay for the trip no matter how much was raised while friends and strangers from opposite sides of the planet donated about $ 25,000 in just four weeks . "  It is so touching , " Catherine Corbett said . "  People are just so supportive . " The fundraising campaign soon picked up steam on social media , reaching strangers far and wide . "  Somebody Tweeted me an article about this boy in New Zealand and told me I should read it , " said Corinne Grousbeck , who lives outside of Boston . Grousbeck is the incoming chair of the trustees at the Perkins School for the Blind , one of the oldest schools for the visually impaired in the country . Her son , 21-year-old Campbell , was blinded by a condition similar to Louie 's . "  I completely understood where the Corbetts were coming from in wanting to build a visual memory bank for  Louie  , " Grousbeck said . "  It 's an incredibly difficult thing to have to go through . " But that was n't the only coincidence ; Grousbeck 's husband just so happens to own the Boston Celtics . "  Of course when I read about how he was a big Celtics fan , I knew that we had to have him come for a game , " she said . The coincidences did n't end there . When Grousbeck learned that the Corbetts would be coming to Boston for their game on March 5 , she realized she would be unable to give Louie her seats because she had given them away . "  March 5th had coincidentally been scheduled as Perkins School for the Blind Night at the TD Garden  home of the Celtics  , " she said . "  We 'd already given away our seats to the school 's students , families and donors . " While Grousbeck made sure Louie and his family had great seats -- practically on the Celtics bench -- she says the real show was the Perkins chorus singing the national anthem . "  I think for a 12-year-old like Louie , for him to be able to watch visually-impaired kids perform the national anthem on a national stage , for him to see what blind people can achieve , that 's going to give him the lasting memory , " she said . And his Boston trip was filled with other coincidences as well . He spent the day Tuesday at the Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary , whose cutting-edge ocular research may one day turn Louie 's "  farewell to vision " tour into simply one heck of a trip . Those odds might be long , but smart money would n't bet against Louie . He seems to have serendipity on his side .	Louis Corbett , 12 , may soon lose his vision due to rare disease He attended a Celtics game Wednesday night , thanks to generous donations The New Zealand boy got thunderous applause at the game
CNN  -- China is a football backwater . A country where the domestic league is plagued by corruption and the huge population is largely indifferent towards the "  beautiful game . " The sport in the nation has been rocked by a bribery investigation which resulted in two former high-ranking officials being handed 10-and-a-half-year prison sentences , while four former national team players are serving shorter terms . So why would Didier Drogba , a soccer star who recently scored the penalty which crowned Chelsea champions of Europe , swap the bright lights of the English Premier League for mid-table mediocrity with Shanghai Shenhua ? It seems strange , but the Ivory Coast striker is the latest in a line of high-profile football figures to take advantage of the attractive salaries on offer in the Chinese Super League  CSL  . He will reportedly be paid $ 315,000 a week -- the highest in the CSL . Drogba seals big-money Shanghai move "  All these players going over there are past their prime and looking for one last big payday which will see them through for the rest of their lives , " football agent Rob Shields told CNN . "  It 's definitely money motivated . "  It 's the commercial side of it . That 's what Chinese clubs pitch to the players and their agents . It 's not the standard of football they are used to , but the money they can make on the commercial side is absolutely immense . " Drogba 's former Chelsea teammate Nicolas Anelka made the switch in January , joining Shenhua on a two-year deal . Italy 's 2006 World Cup-winning coach Marcello Lippi was recently appointed at Guangzhou Evergrande , an ambitious club which has splashed out on South American players Dario Conca of Argentina and Paraguay 's Lucas Barrios . Where Shanghai and Guangzhou are concerned , the recruitment drive is being funded by wealthy individuals who , according to Simon Chadwick , professor of sport business strategy at England 's Coventry University , see football as a way to gain political influence . Guangzhou is owned by Xu Jiayin , chairman of the Evergrande Real Estate Group , while Shanghai 's chairman Zhu Jun heads online gaming company The Nine City . "  Essentially they are vanity projects , " Chadwick told CNN . The idea behind bringing top-level players to the CSL is , he believes , related to an attitude which is prevalent within the Chinese national psyche . "  There is a Chinese phenomenon known as ` guanxi , ' which translates literally as ` special relationship , ' " explained Chadwick . "  Buying a club gives an owner good ` guanxi , ' because it enables you to connect with politicians and other business people . Very often owners buy into clubs for those reasons . "  If Chinese football is successful globally , it makes China look good and it makes the politicians look good . What buying a club does is give the owners a certain amount of political influence . " Despite luring stars such as Drogba and Anelka away from Europe 's finest competitions , the CSL is yet to truly capture the public 's imagination . This is partly down to the reputation the sport has among China 's 1.3 billion inhabitants . A recent crackdown on corruption saw Nan Yong and Xie Yalong , two former directors of the Chinese Football Administrative Center , sent to prison for over a decade after being found guilty of accepting bribes . Former national team midfielder Shen Si , who played for China 39 times between 1995 and 2002 , was sentenced to six years behind bars , while former teammates Qi Hong , Jiang Jin and Li Ming will spend five and a half years in jail . "  There are a lot of allegations of bribery , match-fixing , corruption , " said Chadwick . "  In terms of the general public , it is largely switched off to Chinese football , because they are aware many of the people involved in the game are not straight . "  Not only do fans not want to watch football which is fixed , at the same time parents do n't want their kids associated with something which has got such a poor record and high profile in terms of corruption . "  There are far superior products out there , such as Spain 's La Liga , the EPL and Italy 's Serie A . The likes of Manchester United and Real Madrid think of China and big money , but the reality is football is a minority sport in China . " While investment attracts players with global reputations , it does little to aid the development of young Chinese talent , meaning little or no benefit is felt by the national team -- which is 73rd in the FIFA world rankings . With China struggling to establish itself as a true football power , Chadwick said the money being spent on foreign players could instead be redirected to develop an infrastructure which would help develop promising youngsters . "  If you look at Conca , he stands out from the crowd because he is so superior . The standard of his play is so superior compared to the local players , " Chadwick said . "  Chinese football clubs are investing very little in grassroots . Investment and spending is heavily skewed towards the professional level and not towards the development of the game . " The current trend is for aging stars such as the 34-year-old Drogba and Anelka , 33 , to head to lesser leagues such as the CSL in the twilight of their careers . Shields sees no reason why the migration can not continue , and he expects others to follow that path -- Nigeria striker Yakubu , 29 , is the latest player linked with a Chinese switch after almost a decade spent playing in England . "  Chinese clubs  seem to be doing it the right way at the moment , " Shields said . "  The stadiums are getting built , they 're recruiting big names . "  They 're not going gung ho , they 're not going over the top and there are still some local players there . Another couple of big-name players will go over , perhaps in the next couple of months . " But , according to Chadwick , the modern Chinese population are not excited by over-the-hill players , and he said only a genuine football superstar will successfully engage the public . "  The Chinese are an interesting group of people because on one hand they 're quite defensive about themselves , " he said . "  But at the same time they 're becoming more aware of their own identity . "  They 're not prepared to accept Europe 's castoffs . They do n't want Anelka and Drogba . They want Barrios and Conca , and then the likes of Bastian Schweinsteiger , Wayne Rooney and Sergio Aguero . "  Players who are in their early to mid-20s and reaching the peak , it would be those people who would be much more significant . Then the floodgates will open . "	Veteran Didier Drogba is the latest star name to join the Chinese Super League Striker will be reunite with former Chelsea teammate Nicolas Anelka at Shanghai Italy 's World Cup-winning coach Marcello Lippi is in charge at Guangzhou Evergrande Guangzhou boasts star players such as Dario Conca and Lucas Barrios
Chicago , Illinois  CNN  -- Severe overnight storms in the Chicago area caused power outages , flight cancellations and flooded homes and roadways . About 50,000 ComEd customers were without electricity Saturday morning after lightning and heavy downpours pummeled the city overnight , said Laura Micheli , a spokeswoman for the utility . It was unclear when power would be restored to those households because storms were still rolling through the area , she said . The outages started at about 6 p.m.  7 p.m. ET  Friday night . CNN iReporter Nancy Holst of Lombard said her husband , who is a firefighter , responded to several calls overnight where he was working in waist-deep floodwaters . She said he took one look at her once-blooming garden now sitting under 6 inches of water and said , "  That 's nothing . " The storms caused damage through Chicago suburbs before moving into downtown in the morning , she said . The bad weather also forced the cancellation of 200 flights at the Chicago O'Hare International Airport Saturday morning , according to Karen Pride of the Chicago Department of Aviation . There were delays of up to one hour at the airport at midday , she said , but no delays were reported at Midway International Airport . Pride said there was some airfield flooding at O'Hare Friday night , but flight operations were not affected . The National Weather Service in Illinois reported that at least 6.3 inches of rain fell at O'Hare and 6.2 inches at Midway . CNN affiliate WGN reported more than 5 inches of rain were dumped over some parts of the Chicago area Saturday morning . There were also reports of flooded basements and expressway closures . A flood warning remained in effect for parts of the region until 7 p.m.  8 p.m. ET  . CNN 's John Branch contributed to this report	NEW : A flood warning remains in effect until 7 p.m. Severe storms have caused thousands to lose power in Chicago The storms have moved into downtown Flooding has forced officials to close some roadways
Allegations of a chemical weapons attack carried out by the Syrian regime last week have heightened tensions internationally . There 's been tough talk from Western leaders and a flurry of activity by the United States -- all of which seem to suggest that a military strike against the regime could be in the offing . But through it all , Syria seems to retain the support of some good friends . Why do Russia , Iran and China continue to support a regime that 's accused of slaughtering tens of thousands of civilians in the 2-year-old civil war ? Here 's why . Who wants what after chemical weapons horror RUSSIA Why it cares : Two main reasons : One has to do with economics ; the other with ideology . a  Economics : Russia is one of Syria 's biggest arms suppliers . Syrian contracts with the Russian defense industry have likely exceeded $ 4 billion , according to Jeffrey Mankoff , an adjunct fellow with the Center for Strategic and International Studies Russia and Eurasia Program . He noted the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute estimated the value of Russian arms sales to Syria at $ 162 million per year in both 2009 and 2010 . Moscow also signed a $ 550 million deal with Syria for combat training jets . Russia also leases a naval facility at the Syrian port of Tartus , giving the Russian navy its only direct access to the Mediterranean , Mankoff said . b  Ideology : Russia 's key policy goal is blocking American efforts to shape the region . Russia does n't believe revolutions , wars and regime change bring stability and democracy . It often points to the Arab Spring and the U.S.-led war in Iraq as evidence . Russia also does n't trust U.S. intentions in the region . It believes humanitarian concerns are often used an excuse for pursuing America 's own political and economic interests . "  Russia 's backing of  Syrian President Bashar  al-Assad is not only driven by the need to preserve its naval presence in the Mediterranean , secure its energy contracts , or counter the West on ` regime change , ' " said Anna Neistat , an associate program director at Human Rights Watch . "  It also stems from  Russian President Vladimir  Putin 's existential fear for his own survival and the survival of the repressive system that he and al-Assad represent . In Putin 's universe , al-Assad can not lose because it means that one day he , Putin , might as well . " What it 's saying : Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov insists there 's no proof yet Syria 's government is behind the chemical weapons attack . And any plans to strike Syria would challenge provisions of the U.N. charter , the ministry said . The ministry accused Washington of trying to "  create artificial groundless excuses for military intervention . " On Wednesday , Russia walked out of a U.N. Security Council meeting where Britain was expected to pursue a resolution to authorize the use of force against Syria . "  The West handles the Islamic world the way a monkey handles a grenade , " Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin tweeted . Why it matters : Russia is a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council . It has the power to veto Security Council resolutions against the Syrian regime and has done so repeatedly over the past two years . So , if the United States and its allies are relying on a U.N. mandate to greenlight a military strike , they may be waiting a long time . Chemical weapons in Syria : How did we get here ? IRAN Why it cares : Iran and Syria are bound by two factors : religion and strategy . a  Religion : Iran is the world 's most populous Shiite Muslim nation . The Syrian government is dominated by Alawites , a Shiite offshoot , and the rebels are dominated by Sunnis . That connection has bound them for quite a while . Iran counted on Syria as its only Arab ally during its eight-year war with Iraq . Iraq was Sunni-dominated . The last thing Iran wants now is a Sunni-dominated Syria -- especially as the rebels ' main supporters are Iran 's Persian Gulf rivals : Qatar and Saudi Arabia . b  Strategy : For Iran , Syria is also a strategically key ally . It 's Iran 's main conduit to the Shiite militia Hezbollah in Lebanon , the proxy through which Iran can threaten Israel with an arsenal of short-range missiles . In 2009 , the top U.S. diplomat in Damascus disclosed that Syria had begun delivery of ballistic missiles to Hezbollah , according to official cables leaked to and published by WikiLeaks . So , it 's in Iran 's interest to see al-Assad 's regime remain intact . Western intelligence officials believe the Islamic Republic has provided technical help such as intelligence , communications and advice on crowd control and weapons as protests in Syria morphed into resistance . A U.N. panel reported in May that Iranian weapons destined for Syria but seized in Turkey included assault rifles , explosives , detonators , machine guns and mortar shells . Ayham Kamel of Eurasia Group believes the Iranians must be alarmed that the tide is turning against al-Assad . "  Iran probably has excellent information regarding Assad 's position . That information would make clear that Iran is increasingly likely to lose its only ally in the region , greatly reducing its strategic reach , " he said . What 's it saying : Iran has cast events in Syria as part of a much broader ideological battle . It 's a "  war between the front of hegemony and the front of resistance , " Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has said . Iran 's position , as outlined by Foreign Minister Javad Zarif and new President Hassan Rouhani , is that the Syrian government is a victim of international plots . Iran believes the West and almost all Arab countries are in cahoots in an effort to implement regime change in Syria . Iran says the main objective of this plot is to make the region safer for Israel . This week , Zarif warned of "  graver conditions " in Syria is attacked . "  If any country attacks another when it wants , that is like the Middle Ages , " Zarif said Wednesday . Why it matters : Many believe Iran is Washington 's greatest threat in the region , especially with its nuclear potential . It 's unclear how Iran might respond if Syria is attacked . But the rhetoric certainly has been ominous . "  Starting this fire will be like a spark in a large store of gunpowder , with unclear and unspecified outcomes and consequences , " Khamenei told Iranian Cabinet members this week . "  The U.S. threats and possible intervention in Syria is a disaster for the region and if such an act is done , certainly , the Americans will sustain damage like when they interfered in Iraq and Afghanistan . " What justifies intervening if Syria uses chemical weapons ? CHINA Why it cares : China 's relationship with Syria is more nuanced . Some say it wants to maintain its financial ties . It was ranked as Syria 's third-largest importer in 2010 , according to data from the European Commission . "  Beijing 's renewed interest in Damascus -- the traditional terminus node of the ancient Silk Road ... indicates that China sees Syria as an important trading hub , " according to a 2010 report from The Jamestown Foundation , a Washington-based research and analysis institute . But there 's a bigger factor at play . China has said foreign countries should n't meddle in Syria 's internal affairs -- and perhaps for good reason . China has had its own share of international controversies over its policies with Tibet as well as allegations of human rights violations . Finally , China does n't want to reprise what happened with Libya . It abstained from a U.N. Security Council resolution on that one , clearing the way for a NATO military intervention in Libya . "  It was rather disappointed with the payoff , " said Yun Sun of the Brookings Institution , writing in the East-West Center 's Asia Pacific Bulletin . "  Neither the West nor the NTC  Libyan National Transitional Council  showed much appreciation for China 's abstention . " So , he says , China has "  formulated a far more sophisticated hedging strategy " when it comes to Syria . "  Rather than siding with either Assad or the opposition and standing aside to ` wait and see , ' Beijing is actively betting on both . " What 's it saying : China said it is firmly opposed to the use of chemical weapons and supports the U.N. 's chemical weapons inspectors . It also said it wants a political solution for Syria -- though some say hopes for such an ending have waned . "  A political solution is always the only realistic means to resolve the Syria issue , " Foreign Minister Wang Yi said . Like Russia , China also walked out of Wednesday 's U.N. Security Council meeting where Britain planned to pursue a resolution on Syria . Why it matters : China is a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council . And like Russia , China has repeatedly blocked sanctions attempts against the Syrian regime -- leading to a perpetual stalemate at the U.N. body to take any serious action on Syria . ` Red line ' debate : Chemical weapons worse than attacks ?	Russia has sold billions of dollars in arms to Syria Iran is the most populous Shiite Muslim nation ; al-Assad is Alawite , a Shiite offshoot China said it still wants to see a political solution in Syria
CNN  -- Israel said Tuesday it wo n't bow to demands by world leaders to abandon plans for new settlements on Palestinian territory . "  Israel will continue to stand by its essential interests even in the face of international pressure , and there will be no change in the decision that was taken , " the Israeli prime minister 's office said Tuesday . The decision , which a senior Israeli official in the prime minister 's office said was in response to last week 's United Nations ' vote elevating the U.N. status of the Palestinian Authority , has drawn international ire and concern that it could complicate efforts to restart peace talks . Israel plans to build 3,000 housing units in East Jerusalem and the West Bank , many of them in the large West Bank settlement of Ma'ale Adumim . Long-term plans call for the eventual construction of 5,000 units in the area . Palestinian leaders object , saying the settlements are illegal and would slice the West Bank in two and cut it off from the proposed Palestinian capitol of East Jerusalem . Israel has not yet formally acknowledged the plans . Read more : Clinton : New Israeli settlements a ` set back ' for peace Australia and Egypt on Tuesday joined five European countries that have summoned Israel 's ambassador to hear criticism of the decision . Australian diplomats expressed "  grave concern " over the plan , the Foreign Ministry said in a statement . Foreign Minister Bob Carr , traveling in New Guinea , said the decision would make peace negotiations more difficult . "  I am extremely disappointed with these reported Israeli decisions , " he said . Egyptian Foreign Minister Mohamed Kamel Amr told Israeli Ambassador Yaakov Amitai that his government 's decision "  does not comply with the principle of land versus peace that is the basis of the peace negotiations in the region , " the Foreign Ministry said . Britain , Denmark , France , Spain and Sweden have also summoned Israeli ambassadors for similar discussions , which are frequently used to publicly demonstrate a nation 's displeasure with another country 's actions . The British Foreign Office called Israel 's move "  deplorable " and said it threatens a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . The foreign ministries of France , Spain and Denmark issued similar statements asking Israeli officials to reverse their decision . British Minister for the Middle East Alistair Burt said he met with Israeli Ambassador Daniel Taub on Monday , calling for Israel to heed calls "  to avoid reacting to the U.N. General Assembly resolution in a way that undermines the Palestinian Authority or a return to talks . " Read more : Abbas calls for Palestinian unity after ` birth certificate ' for Palestinian state The Palestinian Authority also blasted Israel 's decision Tuesday as a provocation that flies in the face of international will . "  A clear message must be sent to Israel that all of its illegal policies must be ceased or that it will be held accountable and will have to bear the consequences of its violations and obstruction of peace efforts , " Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas wrote in a letter to U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . The United States has said it is opposed to Israel 's decision , but has not taken the step of summoning its ambassador to say so . "  We urge Israeli leaders to reconsider these unilateral decisions and exercise restraint , as these actions are counterproductive and make it harder to resume direct negotiations to achieve a two-state solution , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said Monday . Read more : Israel plans new homes in East Jerusalem , West Bank The Israeli Cabinet , in a unanimous vote Sunday , rejected the U.N. General Assembly 's decision on Palestinian status , saying it changes nothing and will not be a basis for negotiations . In an e-mail statement to reporters Tuesday , the prime minister 's office said that the U.N. decision was a "  one-sided move " and said "  Israel is not sitting with her hands tied . " Also on Tuesday , Israel demolished a mosque in the village of Farqqa in the Hebron region of the West Bank and attempted to tear down the East Jerusalem home of a Palestinian family . The mosque , which was previously torn down in 2011 because it lacked proper permits , was demolished again Tuesday as the result of a court case brought by Regavim , a pro-settler organization . The group said the mosque had been built illegally and was blocking construction in the Jewish settlement of Abigail . The building was not a mosque but "  a building that was used for prayer " and was demolished according to a court order , said Guy Inbar , a spokesman for the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories which is part of the Israeli Defense Ministry . "  The case has no connection to the political developments and should not be connected to them in any way , " he said . "  It was a court decision . " Village council head Suliman Addra deplored Israel 's action . "  My message to the free world is to stop the Israelis from committing crimes against religious sites and to help in rebuilding the mosque , " Addra said . In the East Jerusalem incident , municipal workers and Israeli border police began work to demolish the home , saying it lacks proper permits , before the homeowner was able to get a court order stopping the work . "  They destroyed all the internal furniture and electronics of the house and attacked my wife and handcuffed me , and held my children . It was done in a vicious way , " homeowner Tareq Ghaith said . Read more : Palestinian bid explained CNN 's Mike Schwartz , Kareem Khadder and Alexander Fenton and journalist Mohamed Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : Egypt summons Israeli ambassador over building plans "  A clear message must be sent to Israel , " the Palestinian leader says in U.N. letter Israel is under pressure to reverse its decision to expand West Bank settlements Israel says it wo n't back down from the decision
London  CNN  -- It 's a simple love story : Girl meets guy , it 's hate at first sight , and then they fall in love . "  Pride and Prejudice , " the original rom-com , turns 200 today , with fans around the world celebrating the story that launched a whole industry . The tale of feisty heroine Elizabeth Bennet and her relationship with the haughty , brooding Darcy is the stuff of spinoffs aplenty : Even if you 've never read the original , chances are you 've seen one of its many remakes , from Bridget Jones to Bollywood , zombie thrillers to murder mysteries . But Jane Austen 's best-known and most-loved novel , first published on January 28 , 1813 , and viewed by the author as her "  own darling child " was n't an immediate hit . "  It was very well received , and it made money , but it was n't a massive bestseller in her day , " says Louise West , curator of the Jane Austen House Museum at Chawton , in Hampshire . Instead it became a slow-burn success , turning its creator -- after her early death in 1817 -- into a literary star . In his recent book "  What Matters in Jane Austen ? " expert John Mullan claims that only Shakespeare and Dickens "  can rival her continuing , international appeal . " Cambridge University English professor Janet Todd puts Austen 's enduring appeal down to "  the mixture of simplicity and complexity -- her work looks so simple , so ordinary , and yet underneath , the more you look , the more you see , and the more complicated it becomes . "  Austen is one of the very few real crossover writers , who are popular with the public and also feted by critics and academia -- it is very rare . " "  It 's not just any old love story , " says West . "  It is also brilliantly written . Austen was the first truly modern novelist , and ` Pride and Prejudice ' is full of irony , craft , careful plotting -- you read it for the story , but you get all these other layers of richness too . " But she says the secret of the story 's success is down to its protagonists , Elizabeth and Darcy , "  two terribly attractive characters who spark off each other in a very dynamic and sexy way , " and to its heroine , in particular . " ` Pride and Prejudice ' is the book that brings more people here than any other , " says West . "  They come looking for Elizabeth Bennet -- she is the character women aspire to be , she got the fairy story , and they want it to be real . " The book 's bicentenary is being marked throughout the year with a series of events , starting with an international "  Pride and Prejudice Readathon " at the Jane Austen Centre in Bath on Monday , and including exhibitions and an outdoor theater production in London . A conference celebrating the anniversary will also be held at Lucy Cavendish College , Cambridge University , featuring everything from scholarly lectures to a Regency Ball -- and talks by figures including veteran mystery writer P.D. James , who turned "  Pride and Prejudice " into a detective story in her "  sequel , " "  Death Comes to Pemberley . " In Jane Austen 's footsteps : Discover novelist 's England Over the course of two centuries , what began as a simple love story , sold to a publisher for Â # 110 at the time , is now a global industry worth billions of dollars : Everything from Hollywood movies to bestselling books , including 2009 parody "  Pride and Prejudice and Zombies , " and even themed weddings . "  It is a multi-billion pound business , because nobody has to pay any royalties to the author , " explains solicitor Mark Stephens . "  They can just go back to the original text and remake programs , and as a result they 're much cheaper to make . " A string of hugely popular adaptations , from TV miniseries to big budget Hollywood versions has helped ensure the novel remains popular with generation after generation . West said the most notable boost came from the BBC 's 1995 version , starring Jennifer Ehle as Elizabeth , and -- famously -- Colin Firth as Darcy , complete with wet shirt . "  That had a major impact for us , " she says . "  At the time we had about 25,000 visitors a year , and that doubled almost overnight -- we had 58,000 visitors that year . "  Everyone fell in love with Colin Firth . I do n't want to go on about him -- though I could , of course , " she jokes . "  He was n't the only thing people loved about that version , but I 'd be lying if I said he had n't had a major impact . " David Lassman , of the Jane Austen Centre in Bath , agrees . "  The 1995 production really ignited the whole Jane Austen ` industry ' . " And it 's not just about the cash : Some fans say "  Pride and Prejudice " has changed their life . Austen herself wondered if the novel was "  too light and bright and sparkling , " but for many it is just this uplifting tone which has "  taught them to hope . " "  Our visitors ' book is full of comments from people who 've come from around the world , telling us what ` Pride and Prejudice ' means to them , " says West . "  They range from the usual ` It 's my favourite book , ' and ' I love Darcy , ' to ` This book has saved me at times of great trial , ' she says , adding : "  Austen was even prescribed to soldiers in World War I , to help them get over shell shock . " For Lassman , the timelessness of "  Pride and Prejudice " is key : "  Things change , the world is modernized , but deep down we still want the same things : Love , and happiness . " Gurinder Chadha , director of 2005 Bollywood remake "  Bride & Prejudice " says the story is universal -- whatever the setting . "  Jane Austen said that every woman wants to find their Darcy , " says Chadha . "  They do n't want to compromise to to be accepted by that Darcy , they want to be their own woman . It 's a romantic desire that we all have . It 's the ultimate love story . " And that , it would seem , is ... a truth universally acknowledged . CNN 's Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Jane Austen 's "  Pride and Prejudice " was published on 28 January , 1813 The best-known and most-loved of her novels , it has spawned a whole industry Story has inspired a Bollywood remake , a murder mystery , and even a zombie horror
CNN  -- Thailand and Cambodia have called for dialogue as tensions continued to escalate over an ancient border temple on disputed land . Cambodian soldiers stand guard near Preah Vihear temple , close to the Thai border . The countries agreed to meet Monday even as each side deployed more troops to the site of the Preah Vihear temple , the national Thai News Agency reported Thursday . Both Cambodia and Thailand lay claim to the 11th century temple , which sits atop a cliff on Cambodian soil but has its most accessible entrance on the Thai side . The International Court of Justice awarded the temple to Cambodia in 1962 , but the 1.8 square mile  4.6 sq. km  area around it was never fully demarcated . Last week , the United Nations approved Cambodia 's application to have the temple listed as a World Heritage Site -- places the U.N. says have outstanding universal value . The decision re-ignited tensions , with some in Thailand fearing it will make it difficult for their country to lay claim to disputed land around the temple . Opposition parties in Thailand used the issue to attack the government , which initially backed the heritage listing . Watch Thai villagers block anti-government demonstrators " A Thai court overturned the pact , prompting the resignation of Thailand 's foreign minister , Noppadon Pattama . He had endorsed the application . Cambodia , meanwhile , is preparing for general elections on July 27 . And Prime Minister Hun Sen , who has been in power since the mid-1980s , has portrayed the U.N. recognition as a national triumph . The current flare-up began Tuesday , when Cambodian guards briefly detained three Thais who crossed into the area . Once they were let go , the trio refused to leave the territory , the Thai News Agency said . The Cambodian state-run news agency , AKP , said that Thailand sent troops to retrieve the men and gradually built up their numbers . Thailand denies the charge , saying its troops are deployed in Thai territory . The standoff continued Thursday , with each side asking troops to withhold fire unless they are fired upon , the news agencies said . Thailand has put its Air Force on standby to evacuate its nationals from Cambodia if tensions worsen , TNA said . So far , the only casualty has been a Thai soldier who was injured Tuesday by a landmine -- possibly left over from the time the Khmer Rouge occupied the area . The Khmer Rouge , a radical communist movement that ruled Cambodia from 1975 to 1979 , won power through a guerrilla war . It is remembered for the deaths of as many as 1.5 million Cambodians .	Both agreed to meet as each side deployed more troops to Preah Vihear temple Both Cambodia and Thailand lay claim to the 11th century temple The International Court of Justice awarded the temple to Cambodia in 1962 Current row began when Cambodia briefly held 3 Thais who crossed into the area
CNN  -- As the story of the tragic Newtown , Connecticut , elementary school shooting unfolds , many people are pondering : Why has there been so much violence in the U.S. lately , and what can be done to stop it ? This year saw a mass shooting of movie theater patrons in Aurora , Colorado ; the sentencing of Jared Lee Loughner on 19 counts , including murder and the attempted assassination of congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords ; and the first overall rise in U.S. violent crime in nearly two decades . And as the world heard about the Connecticut school killings , many people took to social media to express their frustration . We 're universally shocked and horrified by these tragic events . The question is : What do we do now ? A simple search for "  WTF ? " on Twitter turns up an outpouring of frustration over this story . And the comment threads on CNN.com lit up with debates over gun control . So now what ? CNN would like to hear from you . Tell us what you think needs to be done to help control violence in the world . Where do you think we should channel our frustration ? Is it better gun control ? Readily available health care ? More money for policing and emergency response ? Share what you think society needs to do to stop the killing . Tweet your ideas with the hashtag #nowwhat , or share your thoughts in the comments below . If you 're in Newtown and would like to share images , or you have remembrances , please upload them to CNNiReport.com . Complete coverage : Connecticut school shooting	Dozens killed in Connecticut elementary school shooting People around the world ask , simply : Why ? Tell us what you think society should do to help control violence
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Sometimes , a film is so powerful that it haunts you long after you 've left the theater . Usually , it 's because of the weight of the message . The film haunting me is "  The Blind Side . " And the message ? I 'll leave that to Leigh Anne Tuohy to explain . Tuohy and her husband , Sean , are the subjects of the new movie , "  The Blind Side . " The film is an adaptation of the 2006 book , "  The Blind Side : Evolution of a Game " by Michael Lewis . It tells the incredible story of Michael Oher , who went from being a homeless inner-city high school student whose father was dead and whose mother was a crack addict to a star lineman at the University of Mississippi -- eventually being selected by the Baltimore Ravens in the 2009 NFL draft . The Ravens recently signed the 6-5 , 309-pound Oher to a 5-year , $ 13.8 million contract . This American Dream is brought to us not just by Oher 's talent , perseverance , and hard work but also by the fact that he was adopted by the Tuohys . The white , wealthy Memphis family not only fed and clothed Michael but also loved him as one of their own along with daughter Collins and son Sean Jr. . The "  Blind Side " is the No. 2 film in America , and the role of Leigh Anne Tuohy is played to perfection by Sandra Bullock . Still , some critics dismissed the film as hokey and condescending , with one calling it the latest chapter in Hollywood 's "  long , troubled history of well-meaning white paternalism , with poor black athletes finding success through white charity . " They missed the point . Simply put , there 's a lot that any one of us can do to improve the life of our fellow man . And the fact that we do it is its own reward . "  He had a much greater impact on our lives than we did on his life , " Leigh Anne said in a recent interview . "  You have this child , and you bring him in , and you realize how fortunate you are , how you 're blessed to have family , you 're blessed to have your health . So much in life you take for granted . " There 's the message : So much in life you take for granted . We 've forgotten how lucky we are , because we 're busy cursing fate . We 've stopped being grateful for what we have , because we somehow find it more satisfying to complain about what we do n't . Until we meet someone who has much less than we do . So much in life you take for granted . As Americans , we 've become victims of our own success . We 've strayed so far from the example of our immigrant parents and grandparents that we bear no resemblance to that model . Weighed down by own bloated sense of entitlement and self-importance , we 've lost our appetite for competition and we prefer to talk instead about what we think we "  deserve . " At the first sign of adversity , we play the victim , give up , or fall apart . With all the blessings that come with living in the world 's most remarkable country , still we complain . We retreat . We whine . Here in the Golden State , thousands of students at the University of California turned out to protest a 32 percent fee increase . I wrote a column , expressing disappointment that these "  brats " consider a publicized subsidized college education an entitlement and telling them to go get jobs if their education is that important to them . I heard back from many of their parents who , angrily rising to their children 's defense , informed me -- in incompatible narratives -- that either there were no jobs or their kids already had two of them . How about that ? Bratty parents . Apparently , in California , the apple does n't fall far from the tree . After a few days of that noise , I was ready for a movie where , in one of the more poignant scenes , a young man is given his own bedroom and remarks that he 's "  never had one before . " Not a room but a bed . In another scene , Michael is so grateful to be at Thanksgiving dinner that he respectfully sits at the dining room table while the rest of the family plops down in front of the television . In another scene , he requests a driver 's license just so he can have something with his name on it . So much in life we take for granted . I saw the movie in a well-to-do suburb north of San Diego . The crowd cheered , laughed , and cried . When it was over , there were smiles all around . I wondered : For all we 've acquired , what have we lost -- and look to movies like this to replenish ? The scene about the bed made me want to run home and gather up every one of my kids ' toys and give them to Goodwill . And , I tell you , the next time they ask for something they do n't need , they 're getting a paper route . Or at least they would if they were n't a preschooler and a toddler . In one scene , Leigh Anne interrupts football practice to give Michael a helpful tip for a lineman -- treat the team like your family and protect the family . She tells the startled football coach : "  You can thank me later . " Treat yourself to a nice present this holiday season . See this movie . You can thank me later . The opinions expressed by this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	A new film , "  The Blind Side , " tells inspirational story of hope and caring , says Ruben Navarrette Jr. . He says film points up how fortunate most Americans are Rather than appreciate their luck , many wallow in complaints about obstacles , he says Navarrette : There 's so much in life that we take for granted
Russia has expelled an American journalist and author critical of President Vladimir Putin in one of the first such cases since the Cold War . David Satter , a former Moscow correspondent for the Financial Times and author of three books on Russia and the former Soviet Union , had been working as an adviser to the U.S. broadcasters Radio Free Europe and Radio Liberty since September . "  As some of you may know , I 've been expelled from Russia , " he wrote on his Twitter page Monday . Satter told CNN he had gone to the Ukrainian capital Kiev to exchange his existing visa for a correspondent 's visa when he was told his application had been rejected , on the grounds that his presence in Russia was "  undesirable . " He is now in London "  until we figure out what to do next . " Satter is a fellow at Johns Hopkins University and the Hudson Institute , a U.S.-based think tank . He has written extensively on the history of Russia in the post-Soviet era . In a prepared statement , the Russian Foreign Ministry accused Satter of violating entry visa regulations . It said that after entering Russia on November 21 , he waited five days before converting his initial visa into a multi-entry visa -- a "  major breach of the Russian migration law . " After receiving his accreditation from the ministry , Satter was supposed to immediately go to the Federal Migration Service to get his multi-entry visa , but he showed up there on November 26 , the statement said . Satter spent about five days in Russia "  illegally " in November , according to the ministry . A Moscow court heard his case on November 29 , and he was fined and ordered to leave the country , the ministry said . Satter left Russia on December 4 . He is now barred from the country for five years , the ministry said , adding that this was not uncommon , with more than 500,000 foreign citizens banned from entering Russia for three to 10 years because of breaking rules . Spy cases Asked about the statement , Satter told CNN : "  That 's just an attempt to confuse world opinion . " "  I at no time violated any regulations . I operated strictly in conformity with what I was told to do by the Foreign Ministry , " he said . "  I followed all bureaucratic procedures . " He described being told by a diplomat at the Russian Embassy in Kiev that "  the competent organs , " referring to the Federal Security Service , had determined that his "  presence on the territory of the Russian Federation is undesirable and I am banned from entering Russia . " He said such language was usually used in spy cases . Satter said he wanted to go back to Russia . "  I think their decision should be reversed immediately . I do n't accept it , " he said . "  On the other hand , being realistic , I understand that the chances are not great . ... It looks pretty serious . " Critical of Putin In December , after suicide bombers killed more than 30 people in the Russian city of Volgograd , Satter wrote for CNN.com that visitors to the upcoming and highly touted Winter Olympics in the Black Sea city of Sochi "  are walking into what effectively is a war zone . " "  I 've always been critical of the Putin regime . This is nothing new , " he said . "  It may be that for reasons of their own , they 've finally found that criticism to be more than they wanted to put up with . But there 's actually quite a lot to criticize , so if you 're going to report honestly from Russia , you almost have to be critical . " Satter said the language used to reject his visa hearkened back to the Cold War era and its application to a journalist was "  unprecedented . " But whether it reflected a shift in policy toward international newsgathering was unclear , he said . "  In any case , the expulsion of even one correspondent has an effect on everybody else because it makes it clear that critical reporting may incur a very serious cost , " he said . Opinion : The Kremlin 's game with Alexei Navalny Interactive : 25 years on , relive the Cold War and see its impact on today 's world	Satter tells CNN that he "  followed all bureaucratic procedures " in Russia The Russian Foreign Ministry says he violated visa entry rules Satter says he tried to get a correspondent 's visa and was rejected as "  undesirable " He 's the author of three books about Russia and the former Soviet Union
CNN  -- As we tuck ourselves into bed at night , little do we realize that we have the chance to get some extra work done while we sleep . The unconscious mind has long been appreciated as a well of creativity from which some of our greatest artworks , scientific discoveries and inventions have been dredged up . But studies show it is also a powerhouse when it comes to processing unwieldy amounts of information . When making complex decisions that require us to weigh multiple factors , some researchers believe we can benefit from learning to combine our conscious deliberations with unconscious processing . The idea that we only use a small percentage of our brain 's capacity is "  completely ridiculous , " according to Maarten Bos , who researches decision making and the unconscious mind at Harvard Business School . "  We use our brain the whole time , " he says . We tend to consider the time we spend sleeping , for instance , as a mentally inactive period . But sleep is associated with better memory performance , and "  slow-wave " sleep in particular has been shown to enhance our ability to make mental connections and integrate unassociated information . This sort of mental heavy-lifting during sleep could be useful for discovering creative solutions to problems and could potentially help combining factors in a way that allows us to make decisions , says Bos . See also : Work skills for the ` conceptual age ' "  We sleep a quarter to a third of our lives , " Bos says . "  Just imagine how great it would be if you can use that time , in a way that 's not disrupting us . "  Many people do n't like their job , but if you are wrestling with something and you can , without laying awake , help your mind process information , that would actually be pretty awesome . " According to Unconscious Thought Theory , the conscious mind is good at arranging information in accordance with rules , and performing precision maneuvers such as those involved in arithmetic . But compared to the unconscious , it is "  low capacity " -- we can only consciously think about a certain number of factors at any one time -- and more likely to be bamboozled by irrelevant factors . In comparison , the unconscious is good at synthesizing large amounts of information , and privileging important considerations over trivial ones . In an experiment conducted by Loran Nordgren  Kellog School of Management  , Bos and Ap Dijksterhuis  Nijmegen University  , a group of subjects were asked to choose the best out of 12 apartments , and given six rules to abide by  rent must be no more than $ 2,000 a month , must allow dogs  , in making their choice . Those given four minutes to consider their decision chose apartments that fit with the rules 75 % of the time but selected the best apartment just 29 % of the time . Those who deliberated for two minutes and then were distracted for two minutes chose a rule-abiding apartment 44 % of the time , but identified the apartment with the best aggregate of attributes 58 % of the time . This may sound deeply mysterious , but most of us are probably familiar with the feeling of having arrived at a decision by unconscious means . "  Say you want to buy a house , " Bos explains . "  You walk in and the house just feels right . This is the place where you think you want to live . There may be factors that are not easily verbalized , and that 's where your unconscious mind comes along . " Maybe the real estate agent is diffusing the scent of freshly baked cookies in your direction . Maybe you are just tiring of looking at open homes . But Bos 's research suggests that some instincts are the result of the unconscious having correctly identified the best option . Bos explains you can actively use this kind of intuition as a decision-making tool . "  You start with taking in all the information . Then , you distract yourself . Then , whatever feels right , that 's the  option  you go with , " he explains . "  But after that , you check the facts . One house might feel really right when you 're there , but it might be built on toxic waste . " See also : Micro managers : Learn to trust your people A growing body of research suggests that cognitive biases consistently cloud our judgment , and that we consistently overestimate our analytical prowess . Psychologist Daniel Kahneman , who won the Nobel Prize for Economics in 2002 and authored last year 's "  Thinking Fast and Slow , " has explored how our conscious thought processes are susceptible to being disrupted by irrational , subconscious influences . He famously distinguished between two modes of thinking : System 1 , which is "  fast , automatic , effortless , associative , and difficult to control or modify " , and System 2 , which is "  slower , serial , effortful , and deliberately controlled ... relatively ï ¬ ‚ exible and potentially rule-governed " . "  We think that 's incomplete , " Bos says , "  because there 's also a slow , unconscious process , and that 's what we 're talking about . " "  Gut decisions are really fast and influenced by all kinds of things , like stereotyping , or liking the first or last thing you see , " he explains . "  There 's a difference between those , and a slower , more deliberate process that happens subconsciously . "	The unconscious can help make complex decisions , scientists say While sleeping , our ability to make associations is enhanced . "  Unconscious Thought Theory " says the unconscious is good at synthesizing large amounts of information
CNN  An Iraqi man watching his first snowfall in his new American hometown was shot and killed by an unknown assailant , according to Dallas police . Authorities have stepped up patrols in the neighborhood where Ahmed Al-Jumaili lived -- and died -- in their effort to find out who killed the 36-year-old early Thursday , as he and his brother stood in the parking lot of his apartment complex watching the snow . Al-Jumaili 's wife was with them taking photos . Dallas police spokesman Jeff Cotner said Al-Jumaili , who recently immigrated to the U.S. , had never seen snow and "  just like all of us , a pretty snowfall brings the child out in us . " There is "  extreme heartache ... and no shortage of sadness for this beautiful young man who had just come to this country 20 days ago , " said Alia Salem , executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations in the Dallas and Fort Worth area . CAIR became involved in the case immediately after the shooting , according to Salem , because of "  a heightened sense of awareness with regard to hate crimes against Muslims . " Salem said the Muslim community wanted to know whether the shooting death was random or whether Al-Jumaili was targeted . Police say they have no indication so far that it was a hate crime . When shooting broke out , Al-Jumaili cried "  I 'm hit ! " according to Cotner , basing that on statements from witnesses and the victim 's relatives . He ran to his apartment nearby and died a few hours later . Police did not say where Al-Jumaili was struck or how many times he was shot . Some residents reported seeing two to four men enter the apartment complex on foot through a vehicle gate before the shooting , according to Cotner . He said there was no interaction between the men and Al-Jumaili and his family . In black-and-white soundless surveillance video , one person who appears to be carrying a rifle is seen running just ahead of a second person , Dallas police Officer Monica Cordova said . The second person is shown walking at a slower pace , holding what appears to be a handgun in his right hand . Approximately 13 seconds later , another person comes into view and passes by the camera , followed by a fourth individual who is walking , she said . From the vantage point of the camera , it is difficult to make out any of the features of the suspects or even the gender , although police have said they are looking for four black males . Witnesses say multiple shots were fired from what is believed to be a rifle . Cotner said police are conducting tests to find out whether more than one rifle was used in the shooting , but he said he could not reveal the make or model of the weapon . Cotner said Friday that other than that , police have little to go on . "  We ca n't solve this crime alone , " he said . Authorities are appealing to the public to contact them with any information that might help the investigation . North Texas Crime Stoppers is offering a $ 5,000 reward for information that leads to an arrest and an indictment , police said . Salem is encouraging anyone with information about the shooting to share it . She said there are online campaigns underway to help raise funds for the family 's expenses , as well as an effort to raise additional funds to contribute to the reward . CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	Dallas police say Ahmed Al-Jumaili was killed by shot from a rifle , but they are n't revealing what type Authorities say shooting does not appear to be a hate crime , but that has n't been ruled out
CNN  -- Jason Mraz pulled up to the studio near Burbank Airport on his scooter , like a kid anticipating the start of a new school year . But in this case , it was the first day of rehearsal with his new band . "  I invited a lot of people to come audition , a lot of people that I love and have always wanted to work with , but I could n't hire everyone , " said the San Diego-based singer-songwriter . "  I could only fill five positions . It felt like I was breaking up with people . I had to call people and be like , ` I 'm sorry , it 's not going to work out . ' " The break-up theme is front-and-center on "  I Wo n't Give Up , " the lead single off of Mraz 's fourth studio album , "  Love is a Four Letter Word . " "  It 's not a break-up album . It was certainly written at a time when I was n't certain what was going to happen inside of a relationship , " he told CNN , settling into a couch . He 's referring to his broken engagement to fellow singer-songwriter Tristan Prettyman . But the two-time Grammy winner says the message is more figurative than literal . June 2011 : Mraz , Prettyman split "  It 's an album of love songs , but not just through the filter of romanticism . It 's also through compassion and empathy and love of our natural world . At the end of the project , I still did n't feel like these 12 songs summed up what love is . I was like , ' I do n't know . Love is a four letter word . ' " And so is the word "  tour . " Mraz 's "  Tour is a Four Letter Word " kicks off on June 8 in Pusan , South Korea , and hits the United States the following month in Honolulu , Hawaii . In the meantime , he 's devoting much of his passion to the newly launched Jason Mraz Foundation . " ` Jason , ' in Greek history , means ` healer , ' " he pointed out . "  So I really wanted to take that on , not only in my music , but in my work in the world . " Mraz sings at Sundance The foundation supports a variety of causes , from education and the environment to addiction assistance and human rights . He 's also been outspoken about his support for marriage equality . "  Traditional marriage between a man and a woman , and trying to put that into a law or a rule , is basically saying that gay people are n't real . Well , gay people are very real . It is treating our gay and lesbian citizens like second-class citizens . I think it is the final step in the civil rights movement , " he said . For Mraz , that 's what his song , "  I Wo n't Give Up , " is all about . "  It 's about not giving up on a dream , or the integrity of who you are , " the singer said . "  There is no dream too big or too small . Everyone has one thing that is worth fighting for . "	Jason Mraz 's fourth album , "  Love is a Four Letter Word , " has been released The break-up theme is front-and-center on "  I Wo n't Give Up , " the lead single "  It 's an album of love songs , but not just through the filter of romanticism , " Mraz tells CNN
CNN  As if scripted by Hollywood , former New York Gov. Mario Cuomo 's death on New Year 's Day came just hours after his son , Andrew , was sworn in to a second term in the same office . It was a storybook ending to a larger than life career and personality that raised enduring questions about whether Cuomo 's style of big-hearted , big-state liberalism can win the White House . Mario Cuomo was famous for the idealism he expressed in soaring oratory , but he had a prickly practical side as well . Cuomo , the political infighter , was famously combative : He frequently picked fights with the press and had a contentious relationship with the state legislature that included comparing them to clapping monkeys in one address . In 1977 , Cuomo famously ran three races for New York mayor against Ed Koch in a single year , a bitter string of campaigns that included a scurrilous flier suggesting Koch was gay  Koch denied this until his death ; Cuomo denied any knowledge of the flier  . Cuomo lost all three contests , but bounced back to defeat Koch in the 1982 race for governor . That 's when Cuomo began to tantalize his fellow Democrats , many of whom wanted him to lead a liberal counterattack on the conservative Republican philosophy embodied by President Ronald Reagan . An electrifying speech at the 1984 Democratic National Convention sent Cuomo to the front ranks of Democratic candidates -- and in 1991 , a plane famously idled at a local airport , waiting for a go-ahead to rush paperwork to New Hampshire that would have enrolled him in the 1992 presidential primary . In the end , after extended deliberations that earned him the nickname "  Hamlet on the Hudson , " Cuomo opted not to run for president , and in 1993 he turned down an all-but-engraved invitation by President Clinton to accept a nomination to the Supreme Court . The consensus among New York 's political class is that Cuomo avoided the national stage due to personal doubts and hesitations ; As one observer put it , "  Cuomo simply did not trust enough people to build the kind of staff needed to run an effective national campaign . " But the question remains : Would America have been ready to elect an unabashed liberal ? And is the country ready to do so now ? At a time when income inequality has far surpassed even the startling differences of the 1980s , liberalism shows signs of revival . After 20 years of electing Republican mayors , New York City voters in 2013 chose Bill de Blasio , whose promise to close the gap between rich and poor was embodied in a line -- a "  tale of two cities " -- taken directly from Cuomo 's 1984 speech . Cuomo 's son , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , used his inaugural speech to focus on national issues : He included talk of raising the minimum wage and boasts about being the first big state in the nation to legalize same-sex marriage and implement tough restrictions on gun ownership . Andrew Cuomo said his father , on what turned out to be his deathbed , had reviewed the speech . "  He said it was a good speech , " Andrew said . A hint , perhaps , of things to come .	Errol Louis : Mario Cuomo 's death a reminder of when a strong liberal mulled presidential run He says Cuomo 's son , N.Y. 's governor , also eyes presidency . Can liberalism make comeback ?
CNN  -- One of the Web 's basic tenets is that small contributions from lots of people can amount to something powerful in the aggregate . Fans of the Japanese band Sour contributed images to a music video . Now , a growing group of writers , musicians , visual artists and videographers is turning this Wikipedia-era philosophy into online collaborative art . Twitter users are banding together to write an opera for London 's Royal Opera House . Bands like My Morning Jacket and Sour , out of Japan , are turning to fans to help film their music videos . Programmers are pulling quotes from online social networks to make automated poems . More than 50,000 animators are divvying up work on an upcoming animated film called "  Live Music , " and amateur videographers are re-filming "  Star Wars " in 15-second bites . This crowd-sourced creativity online is putting a new twist on traditional ideas of artistic ownership , online communication and art production . "  What 's exciting is that it 's being tested out by a lot of people who have access to -LSB- the technology -RSB- , " said Mary Jane Jacob , executive director of exhibitions at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago . "  I think that we 're in a great communal workshop . " In recent months , the collaborative projects have been showing the professionalism it takes to get noticed amid the clutter of content on the Internet , said Ze Frank , an online personality who orchestrated several early online art projects . Sign up for a CNN art project Frank said people have been making collaborative online art "  since the beginning of the Web . " But much of it was n't worth looking at . Some collaborative books proved to be too much work for even herds of people to tackle . Efforts to create massive drawings with thousands of contributors sometimes ended up looking like random scribbles , for example . But for some reason -- either because people are getting savvier with cameras or because the projects are getting more visibility -- things are starting to click , Frank said . Even if some of the latest collaborative efforts fail to produce masterworks , the real value is the process , he said . "  Even if the -LSB- Twitter-written -RSB- opera ends up sucking as a performance , the value may have already been played out in the theater of the creation of it , " he said . Many of the projects aim to hit on universal themes . "  The little elements that are n't synchronized " in the group art projects remind people that our differences are what make us interesting , said Matt Maloney , associate dean of the school of film and digital media at the Savannah College of Art and Design , referring to this music video , which features fans of the Japanese band Sour . "  The backgrounds change , the people move differently , the quality and temperature of the photography varies from component to component , " he said . "  If that phenomenon did n't exist , if we were all the same and we were all uniform , this type of collaboration " would not be powerful . Jacob , of the Art Institute of Chicago , said the projects speak to how people yearn to communicate and to be heard in these hyperconnected , digital times . "  It lets you ... meet other people , " she said . "  We 're not talking eHarmony , but all these things , they 're interesting and they are of the moment . When people want to use -LSB- communication technologies -RSB- in a creative way , that 's really exciting . " The online art collaborations grow out of a parlor-game tradition called "  exquisite corpse , " she said . Around 1920 , famous surrealist artists gathered to draw portraits in pieces . They folded up large sheets of paper so that each artist could see only the edges of what had already been drawn . The pictures made sense only after the paper was unfolded . The online versions of this concept take the idea further because they involve people all over the world who often know nothing of each other , she said . For example , Darren Solomon 's site , inbflat.net , features 20 YouTube videos of musicians , many of whom do n't know each other , playing various melodies in the key of B flat . Visitors to the site can play the tunes in any order or combination they choose , meaning that each user in a sense becomes part of the artwork , Solomon said . Solomon , who once played bass with Ray Charles and now writes music for TV ads , said the "  In B Flat " project shows that "  the world can come together and we all speak that -LSB- musical -RSB- language . " "  Something about it is very hopeful , " he said . One key to the project 's success , he said , is that it takes relatively little effort for musicians to send in Web-quality videos of themselves playing a short melody in a certain key . "  They 're happy to start picking up a video camera and start shooting or they 're happy to pick up an instrument and start playing , " he said . Solomon finds that idea so compelling that he 's participated in other projects . With his two sons , ages 7 and 11 , he shot three of the 15-second clips of the user-generated "  Star Wars " that will be stitched together by the site Star Wars Uncut . In one of the videos , he and the boys act out a scene with puppets . In another , his sons wear hooded sweatshirts and fight with light sabers in a New Jersey tunnel . In some cases , people do n't even know they 're making contributions to online art . Andrei Gheorghe , a Web developer in Romania , created the "  Longest Poem in the World " by aggregating public Twitter posts and arranging them in rhyming couplets . Computers add 10 to 20 lines to the poem each minute , he said . Gheorghe said he does n't consider his work art . "  It was just a random idea that popped up and I played with it . And it is what it is , " he said . Art professors said deciding what is and is n't art is a complicated process . In some ways , these collaborative projects are fine art , they said . In other ways they 're like games or means of communication . Like all good art , these projects are trying to "  stand convention on its ear , " said Maloney , from the Savannah College of Art and Design . "  That 's going to keep happening , " he said . "  So as soon as we finally nail this down you 'll have another group of talented artists that are going to say , ` Well , I 'm going to do something completely different . ' "	Large groups of people are creating collaborative art projects online One site wants to re-film "  Star Wars " in 15-second clips , submitted by viewers Another has a customizable tapestry of 20 musicians , each playing their own tune Experts say the art comments on digital society and online connections
CNN  -- Some of the bravest , noblest women and men I have met are members of the United States armed forces . To them , military intervention is not about winning a debate on television or sounding smart on Twitter . With the United Nations ruling out support for military options to stop the bloodbath in Homs in Syria , leading U.S. commentators are calling for NATO and the Arab League to intervene militarily . In reality , this would mean the United States would once again carry the heavy burden of war . In NATO 's recent operation in Libya , the United States provided 75 % of the reconnaissance data , surveillance , intelligence and refueling planes . Syria is not Libya , and NATO without the United States is not up to the job . The Arab League is no match for a brutal Syrian regime backed by Russia , China and Iran . In essence , therefore , we must stop pretending about NATO or the Arab League intervening and accept that it is not "  international intervention , " but U.S. military intervention that is being sought in yet another Muslim-majority country . The Muslim dimension is important because the lessons of Lebanon , Iraq , Palestine and Afghanistan are that , invariably , intervention leads to occupation , which leads to varying degrees of Islamist radicalization . Whatever the motivations to advance U.S. military intervention , we need to address the following questions before contemplating placing U.S. armed forces in harm 's way again , and demanding the U.S. taxpayer foot the bill . First , what does such U.S. military involvement look like ? In military terms , what is the "  TTP ? " -- the envisaged tactics , techniques and procedures for U.S. armed forces ? Is intervention designed to create a safe human corridor through which besieged Syrian citizens in Homs can escape , or are we talking about all-out regime change ? Second , if Assad were to be removed by force or arrested by U.S. soldiers for war crimes , who could rule Syria without an ongoing , costly U.S. troop presence on the ground ? The U.S.-led , allied mistake in Iraq -- to dismiss the Ba'ath party from power -- led to years of chaos and killing . Today , the Syrian business sector , media , education , security , mosques and police forces are controlled by the Ba'ath party . What happens to this embedded national infrastructure ? In other words , what is the day-after plan ? Third , how does the United States propose to head off the hostilities of China and Russia , who are Syria 's allies ? Additionally , Hezbollah , Iran and assorted Jihadist groups will see U.S. forces as sitting targets in an Arab country . Al Qaeda in Iraq will be revived with renewed strategic depth and alliance with terrorists in Syria . What is the potential military and strategic blowback in exposing U.S. forces to an array of enemies at one stroke ? Fourth , intervening in Syria sets a new precedent . The Economist reports of unrest in China . If , buoyed by U.S. intervention in Syria , Chinese protesters were to take to the streets and Beijing proceeded to unleash another Tiananmen Square-style massacre , would the United States consider military strikes on China ? Why not ? Put simply , what "  third and fourth tier effects , " as they are known by military strategists , have not been thought about by interventionists ? I am convinced that military options in Syria will do immeasurably more harm than good . My conviction stems from living in Syria during the U.S. occupation of Iraq and visiting Syria regularly over the last decade . I learned that Syria is a complex nation -- its ethnic , sectarian , tribal and religious composition is fragile . Thankfully , the White House and State Department have so far steered clear of pursuing military options . But the war drums are being beaten in the U.S. media and on the think-tank circuit . Conventional thinking will not solve Syria 's complex conflict . These are the questions that should be on the table : How can a face-saving exit route for Assad be found ? Will Russia provide a home , or Iran ? If protesters in Syria are democracy activists , what stops them from working with their democratic neighbor , Israel ? The answer to that question tells us much about anti-Israeli , and by extension , anti-American sentiment in Syria . How can Turkey and Arab nations persuade the opposition to return to nonviolent protest ? Who can hold the country together after Assad 's departure ? War is a costly , deadly last resort . Diplomacy , sanctions , freezing assets , travel bans and international isolation will hasten Assad 's demise . He is self-destructing , and we do not need to thump our chests in the midst of a fiscal crisis with the false glory of "  mission accomplished " in a country that shares borders with Israel , Iraq , Turkey , Lebanon and Jordan . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Husain	Ed Husain says pundits , others wrongly calling for military intervention in Syria He says , first answer : What will that look like , specifically ? Who will take control after Assad ? He says military options would do much more harm than good ; U.S. must continue to resist Husain : Why do n't rebels ally with democracy like Israel ? Can Assad find face-saving out ?
CNN  -- Around 30,000 Syrians have fled to Iraq 's Kurdistan region in the past five days , and the influx is continuing , the United Nations ' refugee agency said . It started Thursday , when Iraq 's Kurdish Regional Government opened a temporary pontoon bridge . Since then , thousands have swarmed into the country to escape the fighting and economic calamities of the Syrian civil war . Previously , the U.N. Office of the High Commissioner for Refugees had registered 155,000 Syrian refugees in Iraq . The agency says the latest "  exodus " is "  among the largest we have so far seen during the conflict . " The U.N. refugee agency and its partner teams are working to provide shelter and distribute food , water and supplies , such as tents and portable latrines . The agency said last week there were more than 684,000 Syrian refugees in Lebanon , 516,000 in Jordan , 434,000 in Turkey , and 107,000 in Egypt , the agency said . U.N. inspectors in Syria to assess if chemical weapons used in civil war Syria is a ' 10-year issue , ' top general says	Around 30,000 people have fled to Iraq in recent days The U.N. refugee agency calls the flight an "  exodus " Many refugees are also in Turkey , Lebanon , Jordan and Egypt
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- A police officer was killed Monday in a suicide bombing at the gate of a police station in Islamabad , authorities said . The bombing took place at a police station in Pakistan 's capital , Islamabad . The explosion occurred on Pakistan Day , a national holiday . The bomber apparently walked up to the police station and blew himself up at its gate . The station houses a special intelligence-gathering branch of Islamabad police . Two people -- the suicide bomber and a police officer -- were killed , police told CNN . Pakistan 's GEO-TV reported three people were dead and 10 wounded in the blast . The blast blew the doors off the police branch and damaged a mosque adjacent to the building , according the network . "  Parts of the bodies , the human bodies , are spread around the area , " GEO-TV 's Hamid Mir told CNN . The explosion was heard at CNN 's offices , 2 or 3 miles away . Members of the police branch housed in the building help protect government officials such as the prime minister , CNN 's Reza Sayah said , and with the explosion , someone is "  trying to send another message to the federal government here in Islamabad . " Watch more on the bombing " "  The blast  underscores the acute security situation this government is facing , " he said . If the blast was a suicide bombing , it would be the second in the area within a week , Mir said . On March 16 , a suicide attack targeted a bus station near Islamabad . The office targeted Monday is in a crowded area , said Mir , who added : "  This intelligence office is not secret . It 's a very well-known intelligence office . " However , the area was not in a high-security zone , he said . Asked about the Pakistanis ' attitude toward these repeated attacks , Mir said public opinion in Pakistan was divided . "  Everybody 's against the terrorism , but they think the Americans also need to change their policies . They are in trouble after 9/11 . America is secure , but the people in Pakistan are not secure . " CNN 's Ram Ramgopal contributed to this report .	A loud explosion has been heard in Islamabad , Pakistan 's capital Suicide bomber apparently targeted special police branch Blast came as Pakistanis celebrated their national day
Washington  CNN  -- The United States and Japan have agreed that about half the U.S. Marines on the Japanese island of Okinawa will soon leave , a transition that could ease a long-simmering resentment of the Americans ' presence that has at times boiled over . The news from a joint U.S.-Japanese committee comes as Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Nodo prepares to meet Monday with President Barack Obama in Washington . "  I am very pleased that , after many years , we have reached this important agreement and plan of action , " Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta said , noting the lengthy seesaw talks aimed at cutting the American presence on the island south of Tokyo . About 9,000 Marines and their family members will leave Okinawa , the U.S.-Japan Security Consultative Committee said Thursday . About 5,000 will go to Guam as part of a much larger U.S. military build up in Asia , a realignment that comes amid China 's rapid growth as a major economic and military power . The U.S. military presence on Okinawa has caused considerable controversy . Some have complained about noise from the base , in an urban area . Many others were incensed by the misconduct of U.S. troops stationed there , including the 1995 rape of 12-year-old Japanese girl by three U.S. military personnel . Opposition to the presence of U.S. troops in Okinawa runs so deep that it contributed to the resignation of former Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama in 2010 . He had promised to move the base but later announced that the base would stay , a decision he called "  heartbreaking . " His critics said then that he gave in to U.S. pressure , and his government coalition broke up . "  Recognizing the strong desires of Okinawa residents , these relocations are to be completed as soon as possible while ensuring operational capability throughout the process , " the U.S.-Japan Security Consultative Committee Japan 's foreign minister , Koichiro Genba , called the agreement satisfactory . U.S. military personnel by country "  It 's forward-looking and meaningful , one that can act upon the changing security environment as well as reducing the burden on Okinawa , " Genba said Friday morning . Of the Marines being transferred , about 2,700 will be sent to Hawaii and still others will rotate through a base in Darwin , Australia . The relocations are in line with President Barack Obama 's goal to have the military have a geographically distributed presence in the Pacific . The transfer leaves between 9,000 and 10,000 Marines belonging to the 3rd Marine Expeditionary Force on Okinawa . "  So , in the end , we are sustaining the same presence in the western Pacific that we 've intended for some time , " said a senior U.S. defense official , who spoke on condition of anonymity as a matter of routine during a briefing with reporters . Okinawa was the site of the last major campaign for U.S. forces in the Pacific during World War II . The Battle of Okinawa lasted from March through June 1945 . More than 100,000 civilians , 100,000 Japanese troops and 12,000 Americans were believed to have died in the fighting for the island chain , roughly 1,000 miles south of Tokyo . After the United States defeated Japan in World War II , a U.S. occupation force remained in Okinawa and other parts of the country . Japan regained control of the islands in 1972 . During the Cold War , the United States military presence on Okinawa served as a bulwark against communism in a strategic location during the Vietnam War . More recently , the United States has kept its forces in Okinawa and increased its military footprint across Asia as China rises as a major economic and military power . Much of the U.S. assistance to Japan after last year 's earthquake was launched from Okinawa bases . The friction between locals and military personnel has been exacerbated in recent years by cultural misunderstandings and the isolated criminal acts . It 's hoped the reduction of forces on the island chain will reduce the animosity . The call for the U.S. military to leave Okinawa escalated after the 1995 rape of the 12-year-old , a crime that outraged the Japanese and led to calls by many that American troops leave . In 1996 , spurred in part by Japanese anger on Okinawa , Washington and Tokyo signed an agreement to reduce the amount of land being occupied by U.S. forces . About 40,000 U.S. personnel are based in Japan , and more than three-quarters of the military bases are on Okinawa . At its height , U.S. military operations on Okinawa accounted for about 20 percent of the land use on the island chain . In 2006 , the United States and Japan reached an agreement that would have relocated thousands of Marines off the island once the Marine Corps Air Station at Futenma was closed and moved to Camp Schwab on Okinawa . That plan stalled after widespread protests over the proposed location and costs for the new air base . Futenma is not addressed under the agreement announced Thursday to move the Marines . "  I think what we 've done with the agreement is ... to create the political space for the government of Japan to move this forward on its own timeline , " the defense official said . As part of the agreement , the United States will begin returning lands on Okinawa in phases as the Marines depart . Part of the $ 8.6 billion cost to relocate the Marines from Okinawa to Guam will be picked up by Japan , which has agreed to pay $ 3.1 billion , the Security Committee statement said . Bob Kovach reported from Washington , Chelsea J. Carter from Atlanta . CNN 's Phil Gast , Greg Botelho and Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	About 9,000 Marines will be moved off Okinawa , a U.S.-Japan committee says Japan 's foreign minister calls the agreement "  satisfactory " The agreement creates "  political space " for Japan , a defense official says Tensions have sometimes been high on Okinawa between locals , U.S. personnel
The man who jumped the White House fence earlier this month and breached the mansion 's doors actually made it farther than originally thought , officials said Monday . White House fence jumper has PTSD , former stepson says Omar Gonzalez , a 42-year-old Iraq war veteran who had a knife in his pocket , overcame one Secret Service officer and ran into the East Room of the White House , where he was then subdued , a federal law enforcement said . Rep. Jason Chaffetz , who was provided the information by whistleblowers during his congressional investigation into the incident , also confirmed the details of what now appears to be a wild chase through the main floor of the White House , first reported by the Washington Post . The Secret Service had previously stated that Gonzalez was stopped after entering the front door of the North Portico . Gonzalez ran through much of the main floor , past a stairway that leads up to the first family 's residence , and was ultimately stopped at the far southern end of the East Room . He also reached the doorway to the Green Room , an area that looks out on the South Lawn . No shots were fired inside the White House , the federal law official said . Official : Secret Service twice interviewed , released would-be White House intruder The Secret Service has not yet commented on the new details . "  I could not be more proud of the individual agents , but I worry that Director  Julia  Pierson and the leadership there at the Secret Service is failing them , " Chaffetz said Monday on "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . " Pierson will face tough questions at an already-scheduled hearing on Tuesday before the House Oversight Committee . A Republican from Utah who sits on the committee , said he wants to know why an audible alarm in the White House had been muted after ushers said it was making too many noises . White House encourages ` perspective ' after Secret Service And shortly after the incident earlier this month , the Secret Service issued a statement saying officers "  showed tremendous restraint and discipline in dealing with " Gonzalez . Chaffetz said he has a problem with that , too . "  I do n't want tremendous restraint , " he said . "  I want to see overwhelming force to deter somebody . When you have the situation where you have the apparent lax security , you 're unfortunately going to invite more attacks . And that 's the concern . " Pierson sent a letter to committee chairman Darrell Issa last Friday raising concerns about an holding open discussion on security issues and urged the chairman to allow some of her testimony to take place in a classified setting . "  Simply put , publicly airing the very security measures employed by the Secret Service and the various challenges we confront at the White House complex will arm those who desire to cause injury - or worse - to the President and First Family with critical information , and doing so would be beyond reckless , " Pierson wrote . How the Secret Service could beef up White House security CNN has learned from a Democratic source on the Oversight Committee that Issa has agreed to Pierson 's request , and will hold a separate , classified session on Tuesday . The top Democrat on the committee , Rep. Elijah Cummings , D-Maryland , praised the decision to protect the agency 's mission . "  This is not a Democratic issue or a Republican issue , but an American issue , and the last thing we should do is give people like Gonzalez a road map for how to attack the President or other officials , " Cummings said in a written statement to CNN .	Rep. Jason Chaffetz says agency leadership may be failing Omar Gonzalez overpowered a Secret Service officer , report says He ran through much of the main floor before being stopped in the East Room The Secret Service director testifies in a congressional hearing on Tuesday
