"  Jordanians look around the region and they say to themselves -- ` We 're lucky -- the streets are safe . There is stability . ' " Those were the words of a former Jordanian minister speaking to CNN on a bleak , damp day in Amman 18 months ago . At the time , Egypt and Yemen were in turmoil , Tunisia 's president had fled , and Shiite protesters were taking to the streets of Bahrain . But even then , there was plenty of grumbling in Jordan -- over gas prices , unemployment , pervasive corruption . Tribal sheiks described their disappointment with King Abdullah , who succeeded his father to the throne in 1999 . In towns like Mafraq , near the Syrian border and traditionally a bedrock of support for the monarchy , there was an undercurrent of resentment -- especially toward Queen Rania for her alleged lavish lifestyle . Those same grievances have stoked the current protests , triggered by a sudden and sharp increase in the price of cooking oil and fuel as state subsidies have been withdrawn . Now King Abdullah confronts what analysts in Amman say is the biggest crisis of his 13-year reign . Osama Al Sharif -- an Amman-based commentator and syndicated columnist -- says the economic crunch is merging with evermore strident demands for political change , now led by the Muslim Brotherhood . But the sometimes violent protests in Amman and elsewhere this week have also included young men from poor areas , and for the first time a refrain from protests elsewhere in the Arab world -- "  The People Want the Downfall of the Regime " -- has been heard . The street protests this week have underlined a growing divide between older tribal leaders and a younger generation that 's "  on a totally different bandwidth , " Al Sharif says . Al Sharif and others do not believe the monarchy is under threat . Jordan 's military , security and intelligence services are efficient and intensely loyal . But the threat of more unrest beckons , and could deter what little foreign investment Jordan attracts . The Islamic Action Front , the political arm of the Muslim Brotherhood , is demanding the price hikes be rescinded immediately . It also wants changes to the election law -- and constitutional reform so that the prime minister is directly elected and not appointed by the king . The Brotherhood , which intends to boycott parliamentary elections in January , has built alliances with other opposition groups . The government appears adamant that with the state 's coffers nearly bare and compensation offered to the poorest , subsidies have to be reduced . That 's the condition set by the International Monetary Fund for $ 2 billion in further credit . Jordan simply ca n't survive without foreign aid . The state has a huge role in the economy -- as employer of more than one-third the work force and in subsidizing the price of basic commodities which consumes almost one quarter of all government spending . When it ca n't afford those subsidies , or the International Monetary Fund demands they are reduced in return for loans , trouble is not far away . As in Egypt and other Arab countries , the Jordanian "  street " is hypersensitive to the price of bread and cooking oil . Most Jordanians struggle to get by : The average per capita income is $ 6,500 . Price "  shocks " provoked street protests in 1989 and 1996 -- just as they did in Egypt in 1979 and 2007 . The Kingdom 's current problems echo those of 1989 . Aid was declining , but spending was rising amid ever-worsening unemployment . As part of a deal with the IMF , the government cut subsidies on basic goods and riots erupted in southern Jordan , quickly turning into more general protests against the government . The same syndrome has taken hold this year , worsened by cuts in gas supplies from Egypt to less than one-fifth the agreed amount . The government has already tried once  in August  to tackle subsidies , but retreated in the face of protests . Despite its lack of size and economic clout , Jordan matters to the West . The Hashemite Kingdom has been consistently pro-Western , is one of only two Arab states to have a peace treaty with Israel and is at the heart of a volatile neighborhood . In the past it has quietly allowed the American and British militaries to use its territory and facilities as a staging ground . About half of Jordan 's population is Palestinian , and the monarchy has worked hard to ensure peace between them and the various tribes that live there . The Kingdom 's geography -- as a neighbor of Israel , Syria , Saudi Arabia and Iraq -- has thrown up awkward and sometimes impossible choices . Its current financial situation is not helped by the presence of some 200,000 Syrian refugees on Jordanian soil and King Abdullah 's cautious attitude toward events in Syria -- while Jordan is quietly helping the Syrian opposition , it has kept its ambassador in Damascus . Al Sharif says the less-than-wholehearted Jordanian support for the Syrian rebels may explain why Saudi Arabia has not delivered the expected level of financial aid this year . There is also a growing threat from Salafist/jihadi groups . Eman Ebed Alkadi of the Eurasia Group says Salafists have acquired weapons from Syria and points out that Jordanian intelligence recently uncovered a plot to launch terror attacks on diplomatic missions in Amman . Radical clerics such as Abu Muhammad al-Tahawi have called for sharia rule in Jordan to replace "  the gang of corruptors " in power . Al Sharif says some commentators , himself included , believe that as trust in the monarchy erodes , it 's time for a "  grand political initiative " from the king -- one that addresses the current dissent and sets a new role for the monarch within a revised constitution . The United States says it supports both the king 's road map for reform -- which gradually shifts more power to the elected parliament -- and demands for a more inclusive political process . But the two may not be compatible . The tribes do n't want to see the largely urban Muslim Brotherhood -- which derives much of its support from Jordan 's Palestinian population -- gain power at their expense . Economic crisis , a government virtually out of money , a generational divide , political deadlock , rising unrest in neighboring countries : King Abdullah faces a multifaceted challenge that would have tested the abilities of his wily father .	Rising oil and food prices stoke unrest in Jordan Islamic Action Front demanding price hikes be rescinded immediately Threat of more unrest could deter what little foreign investment Jordan attracts Growing threat from Salafist/jihadi groups
CNN  -- We 've all done it -- surfed on over to the book of faces , our hearts racing and pupils dilating with excitement , let our cursors linger over those oh-so-powerful words , "  Remove From Friends , " and clicked away with the maniacal glee of a serial killer . Still , there are n't that many among us who have the skill -- the expertise -- to cut ties without cutting deep . At this point , some of you may be reminiscing about the sepia-tinged past , those glory days when , if you did n't want to chill with Lucy "  I Eat Paste " Smith anymore , all you had to do was ghost out of her life , letting the last tendrils of your friendship dissolve into the ether like wisps of smoke . Well , those days are as dead as Lucy 's creepy gray front teeth . Now , every time someone exits your life , you have to decide whether to keep them in your Facebook stream or cut the lifeline . "  Friends and acquaintances come and go as we move through life stages and find the need for keeping some friends and losing others , " says Dr. Larry Rosen , author of "  Rewired : Understanding the iGeneration and the Way They Learn . " "  If you had no way to unfriend someone , then this would lose the authenticity of having a relationship . " You hear that ? Unfriending is practically doctor-approved . Still , how do you know when -- and how -- to take the pal-eviscerating plunge ? Read on for our tips on handling unfriending situations . The ex-friend We 've all nixed an ex-friend at one time or another . One group is even urging users to purge their Facebook feeds of annoying pals this week by declaring it Delete-A-Friend Week . In fact , in an online poll of about 800 of our friends and readers , 43 percent said they were most likely to ax a close acquaintance when erasing a Facebook friendship . Said axing usually happens because of one of two scenarios : One , your best guy friend 's girlfriend hates you , a situation that led to a knock-down , drag-out fight at a local watering hole . Two , you used to chill with this dude back when you lived in Illinois , dreaming of the jug band you would form when you moved to the big city . Now you actually live in the big city , where you do , indeed , have a jug band  ironically , of course  , and homeboy is still back in the cornfields . In scenario one , it would probably be a good idea to reach out one last time -- in the real-world realm -- and see if you can sort out whatever BS went down at the bar . If , in the end , your former best boy persists in the venom-spewing and un-pleasantries , it 's probably more healthy to remove him from that glorious realm of time-wastery . Seeing his face pop up among photos of Muriel 's wedding and Marco 's new kitten ai n't gon na do much for your sanity . In scenario two , it 's up to you to gauge how much Cornfield 's presence offends you . According to Christopher Sibona , who penned "  Unfriending on Facebook : Friend Request and Online/Offline Behavior Analysis , " a paper he 'll be presenting at the Hawaii International Conference on System Sciences , 50 percent of people who have unfriended someone saw the person in question zero times in the past year . If your former friend has no impact on your current life , and you do n't foresee yourself getting the band back together , why keep him in your cyber stable ? If you 're one of those other 50 percent who see the faded friend on a more frequent basis , you may want to rethink the "  Unfriend . " Nothing is more awkward than attending a party replete with ghosts of camaraderie past . The ex Most of the time , it 's probably best to hit "  Unfriend " after the whole , "  It 's not you , it 's me " talk . Out of sight , out of mind , and all that . But it seems like a lot of folks like to keep tabs on their exes via Facebook -- only 22 percent of those surveyed said that they were most likely to unfriend an ex . Hey , I guess it 's easier to make drunken , nostalgic mistakes when you still have access to their wall , huh ? If you do decide to take the plunge , be gentle . If you 're the dumper , cut your ex a break : Let him/her unfriend you . It 's the least you can do after putting his/her heart through this meat grinder called love . If you 're the dumpee , and the object of your unrequited attention feeds you some line about still wanting to be "  friends "  an option that 's about as enticing as forming a cuddle pile with your ex , her new dude and a couple of rabid skunks  , send her a message before you clicky-click her outta your life . Now , if your ex is basically El Diablo , just take aim and fire . And no one will blame you if you let out the littlest of evil laughs whilst doing the blocking or unfriending deed . The enemy who friended you Yup . He tortured you in grade school by mocking your name , your shoes and the way you crossed your T 's . Now he 's asking to be your friend , albeit a decade or two later via the World Wide Web . Curious , you accept his request -- you just wan na know if he ended up marrying Missy , the homecoming queen , or if he finally made it to Hollywood . After seeing that he did , indeed , make Missy his Missus  with whom he reared four hideous , mulleted children  and that he did , indeed , take off to Tinseltown  you thought that dude in that scary Skinemax flick looked familiar  , you feel no desire to maintain ties with the former bully . Well , friend , this is your chance to get back at old Biff , so unfriend away . In fact , 22 percent of those surveyed would pull rather pull the trigger on an old foe than anyone else on Facebook . Revenge is a dish best served cold , and nothing 's colder than depriving someone of your thoroughly illuminating status updates -- there 's an emo song lyric for every occasion , right ? One last thing : Our survey also included the option of "  ex-boss , " but only 12 percent of respondents would unfriend that acquaintance over all others . Good thinking : You really should n't be friends with your boss on Facebook , anyway .	CNN 's "  netiquette " columnists offer advice on how to politely unfriend people online Consider reaching out before you unfriend someone you 've had a fight with If you dump someone , let them unfriend you first You may want to reconsider unfriending someone you will run into socially
Washington  CNN  -- Using some of the most dramatic language yet by a U.S. official , Secretary of State John Kerry on Friday called on world leaders to contribute far more to the international Ebola response . Kerry warned that , absent a concerted effort by the international community , "  Ebola has the potential to become a scourge like HIV or polio that we will end up fighting -- all of us -- for decades . " The secretary made these remarks to a room of foreign ambassadors at the State Department in Washington . He called on them to use their influence to bring stronger commitments to the Ebola fight , which has plagued Sierra Leone , Guinea and Liberia for weeks , and has spread as far as the United States and Europe . Rand Paul : Ebola is "  not like AIDS " "  There is no country that is exempt from being able to do something to be able to contribute to this effort and help make a difference , " Kerry said . "  And everything we do depends on how we coordinate our efforts as partners in how we contribute together . " Kerry praised a handful of countries for their contributions to the effort , including Cuba -- a historical foe of the U.S , that more often finds itself under criticism by the State Department . "  Cuba , a country of just 11 million people , has sent 165 health professionals , " Kerry noted in his remarks , "  and it plans to send nearly 300 more . " The United Nations has called on the international community to give $ 1 billion to the Ebola response effort over the next six months . So far , Kerry noted , only about a third of that need has been met . "  We live in a world of a lot of close calls , tough decisions on a daily basis -- difficult and contentious issues where you can have an honest disagreement about what the best course of action is , or about what the facts are , or the results of your decision may be , " Kerry conceded , adding , "  Ebola is not one of them . " So far , more than 4,000 people have died from the epidemic in West Africa . The World Health Organization estimates that there will be between 5,000 and 10,000 new Ebola cases per week there by the first week of December . CDC director on Ebola : ` Only thing like this has been AIDS '	Kerry spoke at the State Department on Friday to a group of foreign ambassadors . Kerry praised a handful of countries for their contributions to the effort , including Cuba . Kerry said "  Ebola has the potential to become a scourge like HIV or polio " .
CNN  -- Go to any provincial city in China -- small hayseed towns where the population barely nudges three million people -- and you 'd be forgiven for thinking the national youth pastimes , after smoking , are online gaming and flirting . "  I like the personality tests and I like chatting with people , but I have n't been brave enough to meet anyone yet , " says Nolan Lee from Guiyang in China 's central Guizhou province . The 20-year-old student says she uses social media more than she cares to admit . "  I still use -LSB- microblogging website -RSB- Weibo for a lot of things but new things like Pengpeng come up all the time -- this one is pretty good actually . If I shake my mobile , it finds new people for me to meet and to compete with . "  I like the fact that it uses traditional Chinese games like truth or dare -- you can think up things that will be funny or embarrass the other person . It 's fun . " Launched in June , Pengpeng is a new mobile phone app that combines games and online chat . The Beijing-based start-up launched with $ 4.2 million in seed funding and since then has gone from strength to strength . Even outside China , it has proved sticky , recently hitting the number two position in Malaysia . For Andy Tian , the brains behind Pengpeng , elbowing a space into China 's crowded and ferociously competitive social networking space requires financial backing but , more than this , it demands a keen eye for how young subscribers are using the net . "  We have four million users which makes it one of the fastest growing mobile apps in China , " Tian told CNN . "  More than 90 % of the users were born after 1990 so they 're below the age of 24 . "  These people are the most active on social networks in China . " Throwing a good party Pengpeng uses location-based technology that allows users to meet strangers through playing games . As well as the usual Facebook-style feed and group chat , the app hosts quizzes , competitive games , horoscopes and the staple of teenagers everywhere on the net : personality tests . "  A lot of social networks out there enable you to meet someone and just start chatting -LSB- and -RSB- sharing pictures , " said Tian . "  That 's great but the next generation should be able to interact in a much more fun way . " Tian likens Pengpeng to throwing a good party . "  We see mobile social apps as something like an amusement park -- you come and you 're always playing with other people ; you meet them in a ` no pressure ' way , " he says . "  If you throw a party with good music , good drinks and good food , if you have a good theme -- maybe it 's 1920s and everyone wears a Fedora hat -- then everyone has a good time . "  But if you throw a singles ' party just to find the member of the opposite sex of your dreams , then it 's not going to be very much fun . "  We are creating all the amusements -- all the food and the drink -- and marrying it to a social platform . It might seem to be pretty obvious but no one has thought of it before . " Strong growth While Facebook still dominates the social media landscape globally with 1.32 billion monthly active users  MAU  , its Chinese rivals are starting to close the gap . Qzone , which runs the massively popular QQ instant messaging service , is second on the list with 645 million MAU . Other Chinese sites such as Wechat , or Weixin as it is known in Chinese , have gained as many as 438 million MAU in a short few years , stealing a march in terms of numbers on sites like Twitter . Twitter , Facebook and YouTube have been locked out of the Chinese market since 2009 , leaving the field open to homegrown social media sites such as Sina Weibo and Tencent Weibo . While some say the ban is motivated by a need to censor the web in China , most analysts believe that protectionism for its own domestic versions of YouTube - namely Tudou and Youku - has been behind the move . Nevertheless , the progress of Chinese social media is keenly monitored in the West where companies such as Facebook and Google hope to one day re-enter the market . "  Pengpeng is just one of many of these new startups -- but these are up against very big companies . They 're only getting a small slice of the pie , " says analyst Xiaofeng Wang of Forrester . "  The most popular social platform used to be Weibo -- which combines elements of Facebook and Twitter -- but mobile messaging apps are now the most popular apps like Wechat from Tencent . " But she says the growth of anonymous social networking platforms are now the latest development in China -- not unsurprising in the light of the strict controls the government places on online debates . "  Sites such as UMi and Mimi are gaining more and more users -- it wo n't become mainstream however , " Wang says . "  When it 's anonymous , users are more willing to share information . Users may have nicknames , but behind those nicknames are real social connections , friends and colleagues . " Fittingly , UMi literally translates as "  no secrets " while Mimi means "  secrets " . As for Pengpeng , users are as anonymous or as open as they want to be . "  So far , I have n't been bothered to meet anyone off any of the games , " says Lee . "  But who knows , one day I might put on some make up and a nice dress , " she jokes .	Pengpeng uses location-based technology to allow users to meet strangers through playing games Founder Andy Tian says Pengpeng has four million users and is one of the fastest growing apps in China The Beijing-based startup launched with $ 4.2 million in seed funding earlier this year Social media in China is seeing the rise of sites that allow users to post anonymously
CNN  -- It says it all when Europe turns to China for a bailout . That was what happened last week when the man in charge of the European Financial Stability Fund flew to Beijing to see if he could interest Chinese investors in propping up the finances of the eurozone . How the mighty are fallen . Thirty-five years ago the average German was roughly 15 times richer than the average Chinese . Today the ratio is less than 3-to-1 . Back in 1980 the Chinese economy accounted for just 2.2 % of global economic output , one third the size of Germany 's share . By 2016 , according to the International Monetary Fund , the Chinese share will be 18 % , six times larger than Germany 's . We are living through an extraordinary reversal of economic fortunes after 500 years when the big story was what historians call "  the great divergence . " Beginning in 1500 , Europeans and European settlers in North America began to get richer than Asians  and everyone else , too  . The gap between the "  West and the Rest " widened at an accelerating rate until the later 1970s . But then -- on our watch -- that trend went into high-speed reverse . Watch Niall Ferguson 's TED talk So what has been going on ? The West first surged ahead of the rest thanks to a series of institutional innovations that I call the "  killer applications " : 1 . Competition . Europe was politically fragmented into multiple monarchies and republics , which were in turn internally divided into competing corporate entities , among them the ancestors of modern business corporations . 2 . The Scientific Revolution . All the major 17th-century breakthroughs in mathematics , astronomy , physics , chemistry and biology happened in Western Europe . 3 . The rule of law and representative government . An optimal system of social and political order emerged in the English-speaking world , based on private-property rights and the representation of property owners in elected legislatures . 4 . Modern medicine . Nearly all the major 19th - and 20th-century breakthroughs in health care were made by Western Europeans and North Americans . 5 . The consumer society . The Industrial Revolution took place where there was both a supply of productivity-enhancing technologies and a demand for more , better and cheaper goods , beginning with cotton garments . 6 . The work ethic . Westerners were the first people in the world to combine more extensive and intensive labor with higher savings rates , permitting sustained capital accumulation . For hundreds of years , these killer apps were essentially monopolized by Europeans and their overseas cousins in North America and Australasia . Westerners not only grew richer than "  Resterners . " They grew taller , healthier and longer-lived . They also grew more powerful . By the early 20th century , just a dozen Western empires -- including the United States -- controlled 58 % of the world 's land surface and population , and a staggering 74 % of the global economy . TED.com : Does democracy stifle economic growth ? Beginning with Japan , however , one non-Western society after another has worked out that these apps can be downloaded and installed in non-Western operating systems . That explains about half the catching up that we have witnessed in our lifetimes , especially since the onset of economic reforms in China in 1978 . The other half is explained by our tendency to delete the secrets of our own success . Ask yourself : Who 's got the work ethic now ? The average South Korean works about 39 % more hours per week than the average American . The school year in South Korea is 220 days long , compared with 180 days here . The consumer society ? Did you know that 26 of the 30 biggest shopping malls in the world are now in emerging markets , mostly in Asia ? Only three are in the United States . Modern medicine ? Well , we certainly outspend everyone else . But the results in terms of public health are pretty miserable . The rule of law ? For a real eye-opener , take a look at the latest World Economic Forum Executive Opinion Survey . On no fewer than 15 of 16 different issues relating to property rights and governance , the United States fares worse than Hong Kong . TED.com : Joseph Nye on global power shifts What about science ? Statistics from the World Intellectual Property Organization show that already more patents originate in Japan than in the United States , that South Korea overtook Germany to take third place in 2005 , and that China is poised to overtake Germany , too . Finally , there 's competition , the original killer app that sent the fragmented West down a completely different path from monolithic imperial China . Well , the World Economic Forum has conducted a comprehensive global competitiveness survey every year since 1979 . Since the current methodology was adopted in 2004 , the U.S. average competitiveness score has fallen from 5.82 to 5.43 , one of the steepest declines among developed economies . China 's score , meanwhile , has leapt up from 4.29 to 4.9 . Hands up readers who thought the future would , like an iPhone , be designed in California and only assembled in China ? You were wrong . Western predominance is ending on our watch . And it 's ending not just because the rest of the world finally figured out how to download our killer apps . It 's ending because we deleted them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Niall Ferguson .	Niall Ferguson : For 500 years , the West had enormous economic advantage He says the work ethic , modern medicine , consumerism helped power the West In recent decades , rest of world has caught up and adopted these concepts , he says Ferguson : The fact that Europe is seeking bailout help from China says it all
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Government ministers from the United States , Japan and South Korea will sit down in Washington early next month to grapple with the tensions in the Koreas , South Korea 's Foreign Affairs Ministry said Tuesday . The ministry did not provide further details about the date of the meeting , but it comes as China continues to call for an emergency meeting of the six major powers involved in talks about the Korean peninsula . This diplomatic activity reflects efforts to lower anxieties in the Koreas , which have been at a boiling point since November 23 . That day , four people died and 18 others were injured in a North Korean artillery barrage that targeted Yeonpyeong Island in South Korea 's part of the Yellow Sea . The war of words got louder when South Korea and the United States launched joint anti-submarine military exercises in the Yellow Sea on Monday , a move that drew North Korean ire . Being North Korea 's largest trading partner and strongest ally , China has been urged by the international community to confront the crisis . It has been meeting with both North and South Korea , and it has engaged in diplomacy over the matter . On Tuesday , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said China has "  a duty and an obligation to press upon the North Koreans that their belligerent behavior has to come to an end . " Asked whether the United States believes China has done enough in that regard , Gibbs said : "  I do n't know that I 'm going to get into grading them , as much as I 'm going to say that there 's an obligation there , and we expect them to live up to that obligation . " A top Chinese envoy met with South Korea 's president on Sunday , and a top North Korean official arrived in Beijing , China , on Tuesday , the first visit to China by a North Korean official since last week 's shelling of Yeonpyeong Island . CNN affiliate YTN reported that Choe Tae Bok , chairman of North Korea 's Supreme People 's Assembly , is on a five-day visit to China . And over the weekend , China called for an emergency meeting of the six major powers that have been involved in talks about North Korea 's nuclear program to discuss the latest crisis . The six are China , Russia , North Korea , South Korea , Japan , and the United States . Hong Lei , a spokesman for China 's Foreign Affairs Ministry , said Tuesday that such talks would be an important step in easing tensions . "  We made the proposal to ease the situation and to provide a platform for parties to have dialogue . ... To do this at an early date is in the common interest of all parties , " he said . But right now , the idea is up in the air . South Korea said Sunday that it did not think the time was right for a resumption of the six-party talks but said it would "  bear in mind " the Chinese proposal . In Washington , a State Department official said that the United States is consulting with its allies but that resumed six-party talks "  can not substitute for action by North Korea to comply with its obligations . " The Japanese government said one of its envoys is in Beijing for discussions on the crisis . Amid the international attempts to avert warfare , the strident and saber-rattling rhetoric between the Koreas remained the region 's background noise . North Korea warned Tuesday that the continuing military drills by the United States and South Korea could lead to "  all-out war any time . " The firmly worded message was published by North Korea 's state-run KCNA news service . "  If the U.S. and the South Korean war-like forces fire even a shell into the inviolable land and territorial waters of the DPRK , they will have to pay dearly for this , " the news service report said . The DPRK is the acronym for North Korea 's formal name : the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . This comes after South Korean President Lee Myung-bak warned Monday that North Korea would face severe consequences if it launched another military attack across its southern border . "  If the North commits any additional provocations against the South , we will make sure that it pays a dear price without fail , " Lee said in a nationally televised address . North Korea stepped up its threats recently on its southern rival , as well as the United States , warning that military activities must not infringe on what the communist nation considers its territory . The crisis is top priority for Seoul . On Tuesday , the South Korean Yonhap news agency reported that Lee upbraided Cabinet members "  for not having the right sense of crisis at a time when South Korea 's national security is at stake . " "  We should recognize that -LSB- South Korea -RSB- is confronting the world 's most belligerent group , " Lee was quoted as saying . Citing the country 's Defense Ministry on Tuesday , Yonhap also reported that South Korea 's military "  plans to toughen its rules of engagement with North Korea in a way that gives its troops greater leeway to determine the intensity of a counterattack by the level of damage and threats received . " And , a government official quoted by Yonhap said that owners of homes destroyed in the strike on Yeonpyeong Island will get more compensation than the standard amount paid by the government in the case of natural disasters . "  Due to the special circumstances of this matter , the amount of compensation will be more generous than usual , " said an official of the Ministry of Public Administration and Security . The official said that the amount will be determined after discussions with the Finance Ministry . The agency said officials determined that "  29 houses were completely wrecked , five destroyed partly and 80 others damaged slightly from artillery rounds . " As for the Yellow Sea exercises , Seoul and Washington had postponed the exercises this month because of a tropical storm . The drills , which are to run through Friday , are "  designed to send a clear message of deterrence to North Korea , " U.S. Forces Korea have said . U.S. officials have said the exercises off the western coast of the Korean peninsula are in response to North Korea 's sinking of a South Korean warship in March . In May , a report from South Korea blamed the North for sinking the Cheonan warship with a torpedo , killing 46 sailors . North Korea denies sinking the ship and says South Korea and the United States are using it as a pretext to conduct the war games . North Korea 's nuclear program as well as its military have long caused jitters in the region , especially during times of crisis . The country claimed Tuesday that it has "  thousands of centrifuges " working to create nuclear energy for peaceful purposes , but international powers are concerned about how the country 's military would use such technology . "  The construction of -LSB- a -RSB- light water reactor is brisk in the DPRK and a modern factory for uranium enrichment equipped with thousands of centrifuges is operating to supply fuel to them . The development of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes to meet the need for electricity will be stepped up in the future , " the KCNA news service reported . The North Korean news service report seemed to confirm parts of a statement made last week by Siegfried Hecker , a Stanford University scientist . In early November at the invitation of the government , the U.S. scientist said , he visited a North Korean nuclear facility , which included 2,000 centrifuges , that was producing low-enriched uranium . Hecker said he was told that facility was configured to produce low-enriched uranium , but Hecker wrote that it could "  be readily converted to produce highly-enriched uranium  HEU  bomb fuel . "	NEW : White House spokesman says China has an obligation to rein in North Korea Government ministers from South Korea and Japan will attend the December meeting China has also proposed resumed six-party talks North Korea says current military drills could lead to "  all-out war any time "
Washington  CNN  -- Bettina Cox battled cervical cancer in 2012 . A year later , the Texas native feels that narrowly qualifying for a Medicaid-sponsored program for low-income and uninsured female cancer patients saved her life . She now wants her governor and state legislature to support an expansion of Medicaid -- part of President Barack Obama 's Affordable Care Act -- that she feels could save the lives of thousands of other women in her state by helping them detect diseases much earlier . But if Texas lawmakers have their way -- as well as governors and legislatures in Florida , South Carolina and nearly a dozen other states -- low-income Americans like Cox may not have expanded access to funds needed for such procedures . Those states feel the expansion is an unnecessary government overreach at a time when spending should be limited , not expanded . Still , for some , the impact on their lives is very real . Government reverses plan to cut Medicare Advantage rate "  If I had Medicaid expansion , I would have found a doctor sooner than later , " said Cox . At 60 , she was too young to qualify for Medicare and said she was also told she did n't qualify for traditional Medicaid treatment available to women of childbearing age . "  As soon as I felt ill , I would have gone to go check . " Instead , Cox said , her tumor went unchecked for months , growing to the size of a grapefruit . Eventually an oncologist , working largely on a pro bono basis , properly diagnosed Cox as having stage 1 cervical cancer and helped her find health coverage under a Medicaid provision mandating treatment for women with breast and cervical cancer . The catch : The program was only available to women who were n't already covered by insurance or Medicaid . "  It saved my life , it actually saved my life , " Cox said of the treatment she received . Political rising stars in Texas , like their counterparts in nearly half the country , are drawing partisan battle lines over extending federally subsidized health care to more than a million of the state 's poorest residents . This week , a Texas showdown pitted Gov. Rick Perry against Democratic Party favorites the Castro brothers -- U.S. Rep. Joaquin Castro and San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro -- in dueling press conferences on expanding Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act . "  I 'm a self-employed artist and the mother of a 3-year-old and I 'm not eligible to receive Medicaid . Private health insurance is not an option , " Melissa Knight , who spoke at the Castro rally , said later . "  There are a lot of people who are working really hard . They are n't being lazy , they just do n't have the means for extra insurance . It 's about trying to provide for your family . " The faceoff was equal parts an ideological fight over the merits of Obamacare and a foreshadowing of how that policy will influence high-stakes political races . "  Medicaid expansion is a misguided , and ultimately doomed , attempt to mask the shortcomings of Obamacare , " said Perry , a former Republican presidential candidate who is thought to be considering another run for the White House in 2016 . "  It would benefit no one in our state to see their taxes skyrocket and our economy crushed as our budget crumbled under the weight of oppressive Medicaid costs . " "  Governor , being tough on people with no health insurance wo n't win you the Republican presidential primary in 2016 , " Joaquin Castro wrote in a Dallas Morning News op-ed . "  It definitely wo n't win you the presidency . " Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , a Democrat , unleashed a similarly blistering critique of his Republican counterpart in South Carolina , Nikki Haley , in remarks to a Democratic Party conference in Charleston last month . O'Malley attacked Haley , who is up for re-election next year , as a "  tea party Republican " who cares more about voter ID laws than expanding health care access and education for South Carolina . Then there 's the plight of politicians like Florida Gov. Rick Scott , a Republican , who endorsed expanding Medicaid in his state using federal dollars in Florida , only to be met with opposition by fellow Republicans in the Sunshine State 's legislature . Scott , who campaigned heavily against Obama 's health care law in 2010 , said he would accept the federal dollars last month , but his state 's Republican-controlled legislature has since opposed the move . "  It 's creating the same type of tensions among many conservatives that are taking place at the national level , at state level , " said Julian Zelizer , a Princeton University historian and CNN contributor . "  You have a lot of governors who have national aspirations and have a huge incentive not to reject those funds . ... Then there are conservative legislators who have no national aspirations who are sticking to their position . " The Supreme Court ruled last year that states can opt out of broadening Medicaid coverage , striking down one of the provisions of the Affordable Care Act . Since then , about half of the states have said they 'll opt in to expanded Medicaid . Nearly a quarter say they wo n't participate , with the remaining quarter still on the fence , according to figures from the Advisory Board Company , a policy consulting firm . "  Things got much more complicated , " Don Berwick , a senior fellow at the nonprofit Institute for Healthcare Improvement and former head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , said of the Supreme Court ruling . "  There are now many more options where states can customize . ... In states where they are more politically ambivalent , it becomes more complicated . " Republican governors in at least eight states have agreed to Medicaid expansion , which would extend coverage to all adults with income below 138 % of the poverty line . It 's part of the Obama administration 's push for universal insurance , and the federal government is dangling a big carrot to make it happen . It will cover each state 's expansion costs in full for the first three years . After that , states will be responsible for no more than 10 % of the tab . Some of the states that have decided to opt out have some of the highest uninsured rates in the nation . Take , for example , Texas , where nearly a quarter of the residents are uninsured . Some 1.75 million adults would be newly eligible if the state joins in . It stands to gain $ 25.3 billion in federal funds over four years to insure poor adults , while spending $ 1.3 billion , according to the Center for Public Policy Priorities , an advocacy group for low-income Texans . The Texas Health and Human Services Commission said Medicaid expansion would prove costly to the tune of "  tens of billions in combined state and federal funds over the next 10 years . " Still , in the end , the pushback against expansion may amount to just that , political experts said . "  If you 're betting , you bet that in the end they 're going to take the money . The states need money and this would cover a large amount of people , " Zelizer said , adding that the holdouts will face mounting opposition both within and outside of their party . "  Part of it will come from moderate Republicans who do n't want to have a party painted as extremists . Part of it will come from needs of the electorate because there is a great need . " People like Cox and Knight say lawmakers had better pay heed to that need . "  I feel frustrated because as a citizen because I do n't feel supported by my leaders , " Knight said . CNN 's Peter Hamby , Kevin Liptak and Tami Luhby contributed to this report	Half of states will expand Medicaid under Obamacare ; half refuse or are on the fence Low-income citizens and their advocates say Medicaid expansion necessary States like Texas , Florida say a Medicaid expansion is costly and will fail Politics at play and most states will eventually expand the program , political experts say
CNN  -- Cars have Global Positioning System devices to pinpoint where drivers are when they get lost , so why ca n't GPS be used to locate the exact position of planes when the worst happens ? There is currently no way to constantly track planes as they fly over oceans . It took search and rescue teams over 30 hours to locate the wreckage of the Air France plane that crashed in the Atlantic on Monday . It appears that the aircraft 's onboard GPS system was little help to rescuers in the mission . Although details of Air France flight 447 's fate remain uncertain , in some air accidents , this critical time could mean the difference between life and death for any survivors . Michel Roelandt , aviation expert for Eurocontrol , a European air navigation safety organization , told CNN that nearly all modern planes are fitted with GPS navigation systems . How sophisticated those the communications and navigation systems are is down to individual airlines when they fit out their planes , an Airbus spokesperson told CNN . On board GPS systems are primarily navigation tools for the crew , and do not currently enable a constant tracking of a jet by a ground crew at all times . Planes receive a position signal , but do n't transmit that back . This is not a problem when a jet is flying over land or in coastal areas , as it is tracked by radar . Over oceans radar does not work as it relies on line-of-sight tracking from a ground station . On oceanic flights a flight crew will know its exact position via GPS , but it is not able to be tracked by air traffic control . It is left to someone in the cockpit to relay information via satellite communication to air traffic control or a ground station . "  Airlines often have a contract with a private operator to provide their satellite communications . Some companies pay for it , some have free contracts , " Roelandt said . Modern jets equipped with an Aircraft Communication , Addressing and Reporting System  ACARS  , like the A330-200 , are also able to send automatic digital signals . These are not instigated by the crew but report automatically on the plane 's systems and relay information to a receiving station . In AF447 's case that was Air France 's head-quarters in France . According to an Airbus spokesperson , it is up to an airline to determine how much information is sent in a data signal ; it may or may not include location details . Shortly before the AF447 disappeared , its automatic system initiated a four-minute exchange of messages to Air France 's maintenance computers , indicating that "  several pieces of aircraft equipment were at fault or had broken down , " Air France CEO Pierre-Henri Gourgeon said on Monday . When the Air France Airbus A330-200 's systems failed these messages would no longer have been able to be transmitted . They did relay the plane 's location , but the plane continued flying for an unknown period of time , so the precise location where it went down could not be known . Once a plane loses its electronic system , the automatic data messages can no longer be sent , and in those circumstances no one on the flight deck would be able to transmit a message either . Aviation experts have stated that the idea of GPS tracking has not been part of any safety review within the aviation industry . The general consensus has been that a trained flight crew is on hand that always has the capability to be in contact with someone on the ground should an emergency arise . In the case of Air France Flight 447 , it appears that the crew had no time to relay an emergency message . As well as searching for wreckage , a crashed plane can be found by pin-pointing the location of the in-flight black box recorder . Black box flight recorder devices contain flight deck data and crew voice recordings . When a plane has crashed black box recorders automatically emit a honing signal , located via radar . Emitting a regular ping for 30 days it can be picked up via radio waves , meaning there is a limit to the distance from the device search and rescue teams can be before they can pick up the signal . According to Airbus the capabilities of tracking a black box is down to the airline ; satellite tracking of black box recorders is not a standard requirement . The Air France jet was equipped with a satellite-tracked black box recorder , but it is thought that depths of the ocean in the crash area are too deep for it to be located It 's also possible , although unlikely , that the location of a troubled aircraft could be pinpointed by military defense satellites , experts said . Some U.S. military satellites employ heat-sensitive cameras that scan the skies for missiles and could possibly detect a plane if it were not obscured by clouds , said John Pike , director of GlobalSecurity.org , a public policy organization whose Web site provides news on weapons systems and the defense industry . Upgrading from radar to satelitte The aviation industry is moving toward replacing its traditional radar-based tracking system with a satellite one that would allow air traffic control to know where a plane is at all times . However the new systems would still not enable air traffic control to track planes over remote ocean areas . The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration has begun implementing a system , nicknamed NextGen , in which GPS signals would transmit an aircraft 's precise location to air traffic controllers via ground receivers . The system would allow planes to fly more direct routes instead of zig-zagging between radio beacons . The FAA is testing the system in pockets of the U.S. and plans to be using it by the end of the year in the Gulf of Mexico , much of which is out of radar range . The agency hopes NextGen will cover the entire country by 2013 . Roelandt says a similar system will be implemented in Europe by 2015 . "  It means planes will automatically transmit the GPS position to the ground and surrounding aircraft within about 150 miles , " he said . "  In the far future the idea is to be in a free flight condition , " where pilots have more flexibility in their routes while GPS keeps planes safely separated . In a trial last year using an Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast system , two Airbus planes were able to change altitude safely while cruising over oceanic airspace . At present , airliners flying over oceans are usually not permitted to change altitude , because oceanic airspace beyond a certain distance from land can not be controlled by radar . Controllers and pilots keep the planes on vectors , or defined highways in the sky , to maintain safe distances between aircraft . The ADS-B system is being developed internationally . But the expense of outfitting planes with GPS is dwarfed by the cost to upgrade from radar to satellite tracking of planes . According to a 2006 FAA report , it would cost $ 4.6 billion to change to a satellite-based system in the U.S. "  It 's a bit of a chicken and egg situation , " Roelandt said . "  If you do n't put an implementing rule on this equipment , airlines wo n't install it as it 's a costly operation for them . It is ongoing , and will be installed on European commercial airliners , but it takes time as always . " CNN 's Brandon Griggs and Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this story .	GPS on airliners ca n't help locate planes , as they receive but do n't send signals Pilots know their position over an ocean but do n't automatically share that data Both the U.S. and Europe are implementing GPS-based air traffic control systems
CNN  -- Hours before 22 U.S. embassies and consulates were to close for a day , President Barack Obama met with top security leaders Saturday to review the situation that led to the unprecedented move . A U.S. global travel alert remained in place amid fears that al Qaeda may launch attacks in the Middle East , North Africa and beyond in coming weeks . The threat prompted the United States to announce that 22 facilities would be closed on Sunday , including in Yemen , which was a focus of concern . Obama met Saturday with his White House chief of staff , Secretary of State John Kerry , Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel , as well as the heads of Homeland Security , the National Security Agency , the FBI and CIA , the United Nations and the Joint Chiefs of Staff . On Saturday , the security around the U.S. embassy in Yemen was even tighter than last year when the embassy was raided by protesters . At least 12 tanks were stationed within 500 meters of the building . Hundreds of additional security forces were deployed , and roads leading to the embassy were closed . Checkpoints were set up at a distance from the embassy , and trucks were n't allowed to pass anywhere near the main embassy road . Yemen 's special forces , the most elite , were seen in small numbers near the embassy , as well . Meanwhile , Britain , France and Germany have said they , too , will close their embassies in the Yemeni capital , Sanaa , on Sunday and Monday for security reasons . No other embassies are affected , they said . Neither Italy nor Spain -- which has no embassy in Yemen -- planned to close any of their embassies . The U.S. embassies closed on Sunday -- a day they would normally be open -- stretch across a swath of North Africa and the Middle East , from Mauritania to Oman . Bangladesh and Afghanistan , both majority Muslim nations , also are affected . The U.S. government 's actions are in response to growing intelligence that shows a potential for attacks in Yemen and elsewhere in the Middle East and North Africa , said U.S. officials who spoke to CNN on condition of not being identified . Official : Security tightened in Yemen "  The threat appears to be much worse than it has  been  in a long time , " said a senior national security official in Yemen , where the government is "  on high alert against possible attacks in the days to come . " Various Western targets -- not just those tied to the United States -- are under threat , two U.S. officials said . Three sources said the United States has information that members of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula are in the final stages of planning for an unspecified attack . One of the sources said such preparations appeared to have increased in recent days with the approaching end of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan . Sunday is Laylet al-Qadr , or the Night of Power , one of the holiest moments on the Muslim calendar . Said one U.S. official : "  It all leads us to believe something could happen in the near future . " What 's behind timing of terror threat Christopher Hill , a former U.S. ambassador to Iraq , told CNN he had never seen embassy closures ordered across such a broad area . "  There have been incidents where they 've closed down a number of embassies in the Middle East because the information is not specific enough to say that 'em bassy X ' got to be closed as opposed to other embassies , " said Hill , who joined the U.S. Foreign Service in 1977 . "  But I think this , closing all of these embassies in the Middle East to North Africa , is in fact unprecedented . At least , I did n't see this during my career . " ` Leave Yemen now ' U.S. officials said that , based on intelligence , they were particularly concerned about the U.S. Embassy in Yemen between Saturday and Tuesday . President Barack Obama , amid regular updates on the situation , has directed officials to take all appropriate steps to protect Americans . A White House official said the president was updated Saturday morning by Lisa Monaco , his assistant for homeland security and counterterrorism . Obama , who departed for Joint Base Andrews to play golf , is being updated through the weekend , the official said . He praised Yemeni President Abdo Rabu Mansour Hadi for his country 's efforts following a meeting Thursday at the White House . The UK Foreign Office has also warned its citizens against travel to Yemen , and urged British nationals to leave as soon as possible . "  If you do n't leave the country now while commercial carriers are still flying it is extremely unlikely that the British government will be able to evacuate you or provide consular assistance , " it said . Photos : Attacks on U.S. diplomatic sites It was unclear whether the apparent plot targets that Arabian nation or one elsewhere -- which is why the travel alert applies so broadly , and why embassies from Bangladesh to Libya are being closed . Nor is the expected time of an attack known , which explains why the U.S. travel alert extends through August . "  Terrorists may elect to use a variety of means and weapons and target both official and private interests , " the alert states . "  U.S. citizens are reminded of the potential for terrorists to attack public transportation systems and other tourist infrastructure . " New York Rep. Peter King , a member of the House Intelligence Committee , called the information "  the most specific I 've seen . " While the principal attention is on the Arabian Peninsula , he stressed to CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that "  we ca n't rule anything out . " "  We are focused on the Middle East , but it 's a potential series of attacks that really could be almost anyplace , " King said . 22 embassies , consulates ordered closed The State Department listed the 22 embassies and consulates that are closed Sunday , which is normally the start of the work week in the countries affected . The 17 affected U.S. embassies are in Afghanistan , Algeria , Bahrain , Bangladesh , Djibouti , Egypt , Iraq , Jordan , Kuwait , Libya , Mauritania , Oman , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Sudan and Yemen . The U.S. Embassy in Israel will be closed as normal Sunday . See the whole list Consulates in Iraq , Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are also being shut for the day . Embassies and consulates in the region typically close or operate with minimal staff on Fridays and Saturdays . The shutdowns could extend beyond Sunday , a senior State Department official said . Retired Gen. James Mattis -- who until earlier this year was head of U.S. Central Command , responsible for a 20-country area that includes the Middle East -- said the decision to close the embassies underscores the reality of the threat and the wisdom of U.S. policymakers . U.S. embassies have been targeted before in places such as Yemen , Turkey and Tanzania , he pointed out . Moreover , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is one of the terrorist network 's most active and most destructive branches . "  We have to remember that we 're up against an enemy who kills indiscriminately -- whether it be women , children , diplomats -- and our embassies ... have been one of the targets , " Mattis told CNN on Friday . Referring to the move by U.S. officials , he said , "  They are showing some proactive discretion here , making certain that we do n't give the enemy an opportunity that we can deny them . " Meanwhile , Canada shuttered for one day its diplomatic mission in Bangladesh on Saturday . Questions , concerns after Benghazi House leaders have been briefed , Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi told reporters , adding that the travel alert and embassy closings provided "  some understanding of the seriousness of the threat . " King , who has also heard such briefings , applauded the government 's decision to close its diplomatic missions . "  I give them credit , " the Republican said of the Obama administration . "  I think the government is doing exactly the right thing here . " Such bipartisan agreement in Washington comes at a time when politicians are still scrutinizing the September 11 , 2012 , attack on the U.S. consular compound in Benghazi , Libya , which killed four Americans , including Ambassador Christopher Stevens . Since then , Republicans have been pressing Obama 's administration for answers , with some accusing officials of covering up what happened in Benghazi and not doing enough to track down the attackers . Eight GOP lawmakers are asking that incoming FBI Director James Comey brief Congress within 30 days about the investigation . They say the administration 's inquiry to date has been "  simply unacceptable , " according to a draft letter obtained by CNN . Earlier this week , Vice President Joe Biden and senior State Department officials went to Congress to discuss embassy security . Biden also briefed congressional leadership , key committee chairmen and ranking members about the latest threat concerns , a source who attended the meeting said . Another official said the recent intelligence might not have warranted such a response before the Benghazi attack , which created a political firestorm for the administration . On Thursday , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said the agency was taking the steps out of an abundance of caution . CNN found embassy attack suspect before FBI CNN 's Greg Botelho , Michael Martinez , Jill Dougherty , Dana Bash , Evan Perez , Gloria Borger , Jim Acosta , Elise Labott , Mohammed Jamjoon , NuNu Japaridze , Bharati Naik , Karen Smith , Laura Smith-Spark and Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report , which was written by Tom Cohen in Washington .	NEW : 22 U.S. embassies , consulates are closed NEW : President Obama meets with committee of security heads to review the situation The State Department issues a global travel alert on possible al Qaeda attacks Sources say al Qaeda is in final planning stages of unspecified plot
CNN  -- North Korea accused the United States and South Korea of sending spy planes on about 200 missions near the isolated communist nation ahead of a North Korea rocket launch scheduled for early April . Pyongyang claims reconnaissance aircraft , including the high-altitude U-2 spy plane , have flown spy missions . "  The U.S. imperialists and the South Korean puppet military warmongers perpetrated intensive aerial espionage against the DPRK  North Korea  in March by massively mobilizing strategic and tactical reconnaissance planes with various missions , " a military source said , according to a report from North Korea 's state-run news service , KCNA , on Tuesday . Pyongyang said the United States committed 110 cases of "  aerial espionage and the South Korean puppet forces at least 80 cases , " during March , KCNA reported . The source said the missions utilized six types of reconnaissance aircraft , including the high-altitude U-2 spy plane . "  The U.S. imperialist warmongers had better bear in mind that ... spy planes perpetrating espionage against the DPRK are within the range of its strikes . " The Pentagon was not immediately available to comment on the story . The North Korean government says it will launch a commercial satellite atop a rocket sometime between April 4 and April 8 . Satellite imagery taken on Sunday appears to show a rocket at the Musudan-ri launch site in northeastern North Korea . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Sunday there is little doubt that the planned rocket launch is designed to bolster North Korea 's military capability . He also indicated that the U.S. military could be prepared to shoot down a North Korean missile if the rogue regime develops the capability to reach Hawaii or the western continental United States in a future launch . Watch analysis of Pyongyang 's planned rocket launch " Both the United States and Japan have mobilized missile defense systems ahead of the launch . North Korea has threatened to start a war if Japan were to shoot down its rocket . Tokyo said the move is aimed at shooting down any debris from the launch that might fall into Japanese territory . U.S. Navy ships capable of shooting down ballistic missiles have been moved to the Sea of Japan , a Navy spokesman said . The United States generally has a number of ships equipped with powerful Aegis radar in the Sea of Japan because of North Korean threats to launch rockets . The ships are designed to track and , if needed , shoot down ballistic missiles . The United States has no plans to shoot down the North Korean rocket , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said last week , but will raise the issue with the U.N. Security Council if Pyongyang carries out a launch .	North Korea claims it detected about 200 spy plane missions near it Claim comes ahead of North Korea 's launch of a rocket scheduled for early April Pyongyang warned that spy planes are within the range of its strikes U.S. has little doubt rocket launch is designed to bolster N. Korea 's military capability
CNN  -- Former U.S. Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. called his lawyer Monday night to come back to prison and pick him up . He said his early entry into the facility was being held up by an administrative issue , according to his attorney , CK Hoffler . She told reporters Tuesday in Atlanta that Jackson , once a rising Democratic star and son of the famous civil rights figure , was n't trying to duck the media by sneaking into prison early . He just figured the sooner he started his 30-month sentence , the sooner he would be able to get back to his family , Hoffler said . Confusion arose when Hoffler 's office issued a news release on Monday evening saying Jackson had reported to prison in North Carolina . The statement included his prisoner number . But prison officials said Jackson did n't become a prisoner until Tuesday morning . Hoffler said she and North Carolina Rep. G.K. Butterfield accompanied Jackson to the prison and were there when he reported . But they left , and Hoffler headed to the airport to catch a flight back to Atlanta . Jackson called her and told her he would n't be admitted that night . She came back and took him to a hotel . They re-reported at 10 a.m. . A Federal Bureau of Prisons spokesman said Tuesday that Jackson , whose political career imploded over the use of campaign finances to support lavish personal spending , entered a federal prison camp in Butner . The former Illinois congressman had been ordered to report to a federal prison camp or correctional institution no earlier than November 1 . Hoffler said his legal team communicated with the bureau of prisons to let officials know Jackson wanted to come early . She did n't specify what method of communication was used . She drove Jackson from Washington on Sunday and took him to the prison on Monday evening . "  He did n't just show up early , " she told reporters . "  It was our understanding and it still is that he would have been able to report early -- and ultimately he did . " Jackson , 48 , was sentenced in August to 30 months in prison after he pleaded guilty to misuse of $ 750,000 in campaign funds , money that went to personal expenses like vacations , fur coats and movie memorabilia . His wife , Sandra Jackson , pleaded guilty to filing false tax returns that failed to account for hundreds of thousands of dollars in taxable income . She was sentenced to 12 months in prison . Jackson has promised to pay $ 200,000 toward his $ 750,000 fraud judgment by November 1 , according to court documents . Filed last week , the documents show that Jackson has so far been unable to meet his financial obligations in the judgment and has promised to sell a property he owns in Washington in order to start paying it off . The filing requests that Jackson be given until June 2014 to pay the full amount . He will need to submit a status report by mid-May . The property Jackson is promising to sell is in Washington 's costly Dupont Circle neighborhood . Jackson could also be forced to sell a property in Chicago . CNN 's Cristy Lenz and Tina Burnside contributed to this report	NEW : Lawyer says he tried to report but was turned away because of administrative issue NEW : Jesse Jackson Jr. spends night in hotel then came back to N.C. facility next day NEW : He was n't trying to avoid the media , attorney says The former Illinois congressman was sentenced to 30 months for misuse of campaign funds
CNN  -- It 's happened . The build-up and anxiety over whether folks like Chris Christie and Sarah Palin are going to throw their hats in the ring for the GOP presidential primary has reached critical mass . And now , the will-they-or-won ` t-they game has flipped from fun and energizing to damaging to the party . Christie and Palin now do conservatives more harm than good . With the question marks still lingering in the ether , and pundits on both sides of the aisle still performing their daily trapeze act -- swinging back and forth between "  yes , he 's running " and "  no , she is n't " -- the focus on Christie and Palin has taken valuable resources and attention away from the rest of the field . Because of those question marks , conservatives have n't been able to invest fully in the candidates who are running . They have n't been able to imagine one of them as president . They 've held back support , money and endorsements , because they still do n't know that the field is settled . And Christie and Palin are not entirely without fault . Though the bombastic New Jersey governor had been emphatic in his promise not to run for months , despite our continued speculation that he was fibbing , now his friends are saying otherwise . And he 's certainly been acting like a candidate , traveling the country for big-ticket fundraisers , speaking at the exalted Reagan Library , and telling his supporters that he 's "  hearing " and "  feeling " their pleas . If he really wanted to convince us he was n't considering it , all he has to do is endorse someone else . It 's really very simple . As for Palin , she 's been forthright about her contemplation , admitting that she 's thinking about it but has n't yet decided . As formidable and admirable as both Christie and Palin are , it 's reached the point where they 've both become more than just a distraction . They 're now a detriment . How sincere will it look , after all , in two months when the field is set and both are absent from it , and conservatives suddenly try to pretend that they are satisfied and enthusiastic about Rick Perry , Mitt Romney or Michele Bachmann ? Sure , we begged Jeb Bush , Marco Rubio , Paul Ryan , Chris Christie , Sarah Palin and everyone else to run before , but now we 're totally behind one of these guys . If there were ever a gift to present to President Obama , it 's the gift of obvious apathy . Time 's up , governors . If Chris Christie and Sarah Palin want to run , get in there . If not , definitively and convincingly take your names out of the running . Conservatives need to begin the arduous job of whittling down the field and picking their frontrunner . The fact that there have been five GOP straw polls in as many weeks with as many different winners is proof that these unanswered questions are creating a dangerous ambivalence among conservative voters . The breathless speculation has been fun , but now it 's time to get to work . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of S.E. Cupp .	Are Chris Christie and Sarah Palin running for president , or are n't they ? Their refusal to answer definitively is damaging to the GOP , said S.E. Cupp Conservatives have n't been able to invest fully in the candidates who are running , Cupp said Cupp : Palin just has to decide , and Christie just has to endorse someone
Remember when woolly mammoths roamed the planet ? No ? Well do n't worry if you missed the last ice age -- scientists have moved one step closer to possibly bringing the beasts back to life with the discovery of liquid blood in a well-preserved mammoth carcass in Siberia . Researchers from the Northeast Federal University in Yakutsk found the 10,000-year-old female mammoth buried in ice on the Lyakhovsky Islands off the coast of northeast Russia . Scientists say they poked the frozen creature with a pick and dark liquid blood flowed out . "  The fragments of muscle tissues , which we 've found out of the body , have a natural red color of fresh meat . The reason for such preservation is that the lower part of the body was underlying in pure ice , " said Semyon Grigoriev , the head of the expedition and of the university 's Mammoth Museum , in a statement on the university 's website . "  The blood is very dark , it was found in ice cavities below the belly and when we broke these cavities with a poll pick , the blood came running out , " he said . "  Interestingly , the temperature at the time of excavation was -7 to -10 C . It may be assumed that the blood of mammoths had some cryoprotective properties . " Ice age baby mammoth goes on display in Hong Kong Cryoprotectant is a substance found in modern fish and amphibians living in the Arctic and Antarctic that minimizes the damage to the creatures ' tissue in freezing temperatures . Grigoriev told The Siberian Times newspaper it was the first time mammoth blood had been discovered and called it "  the best preserved mammoth in the history of paleontology . " "  We suppose that the mammoth fell into water or got bogged down in a swamp , could not free herself and died . Due to this fact the lower part of the body , including the lower jaw , and tongue tissue , was preserved very well , " he said . Grigoriev called the liquid blood "  priceless material " for the university 's joint project with South Korean scientists who are hoping to clone a woolly mammoth , which has been extinct for thousands of years . The controversial Sooam Biotech Research Foundation is headed up by Hwang Woo-suk -- the disgraced former Seoul National University scientist who claimed in 2004 that he had successfully cloned human embryonic stem cells before admitting he had faked his findings . Hwang , who also cloned the world 's first puppy , was forced to admit he had fabricated the stem cell data and apologized in January 2006 after a panel of scientists found he had not derived human stem cells from eggs , as he claimed . A one-hour documentary about the joint Russia-South Korean quest to clone a mammoth from the creature 's remains aired on the National Geographic Channel in the U.S. in April . Grigoriev says the mammoth carcass has not been moved yet for fear of damaging it -- and that his team will join foreign researches in Siberia for further research in July . Newly discovered dinosaur fossil is a primitive bird	Scientists discover liquid blood in mammoth carcass in Siberia Head of expedition calls find "  the best preserved mammoth in history " South Korean company to explore cloning mammoth using the blood
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The incessant banging on the door finally roused Ted Jackson from a deep sleep . Floodwaters roar across the highway in Paulding County , one of the hardest-hit in Georgia . He hustled out of bed and rushed to the door . There were his neighbors , surrounded by floodwaters the neighborhood is supposed to experience only once every 100 years . Jackson raced to his basement and the water level -- submerging nine of the 13 steps to the floor -- filled him with dread . His dog , a 2-year-old pomeranian , slept in a kennel down there . "  My first initial thought was my dog is dead ... he did n't have a chance , " said Jackson of Powder Springs , Georgia , where he and the rest of the residents in the metro Atlantan subdivision spent Monday stranded by acres and acres of water . The dog , named J.J. , died in the flooded basement . Jackson is just one of thousands of Georgia residents trying to salvage their homes after days of rain rushed deadly flood waters to their part of the world . Counties west of Atlanta , including Douglas , Paulding and Cobb , were among the worst hit . The National Guard was poised to enter the area if necessary . See photo gallery of flooding " Aerial video of Powder Springs , near the Paulding-Douglas county line , showed scores of homes swallowed by muddy waters as the rain refused to subside . In one Powder Springs neighborhood , a fire truck floated near a cluster of two-story homes , with the charred remnants of one house smoldering a few yards from the failed response . Watch home burn , surrounded by water " Cars , trucks , buses and campers were flung into the currents , sinking near bent signs , fallen trees and downed power lines . Rescuers started rowing through affected areas in inflatable boats . After flying over the disastrous scenes in Paulding and Douglas counties , Georgia Gov. Sonny Perdue declared a state of emergency in those and 15 other counties hit by floods . At least five flood-related deaths were reported across Atlanta-area counties -- three fatalities in Douglas , one in Gwinnett and one , a child , in Carrollton . A Douglas County hospital reported no running water . Just across the line , in Cobb County , the entrance of Georgia 's largest amusement park , Six Flags , was sitting in water . Watch the flooding in Georgia " Powder Springs resident Kim Harp woke up at about 4 a.m. Monday as her brother bounded up the stairs from his basement room , reporting water spilling into the home . The family scrambled to save photo albums and other personal valuable , but the water reached a depth of 2 feet in the basement less than two hours later . "  It just came so fast , " Harp said , adding that the water was at head-level by midday . "  It really terrified us . " Harp , who lives next door to Jackson , said she and her husband , three children and brother went to bed Sunday after another day of Georgia rains with little worry . After all , she said , the family has a 7-foot retaining wall in the backyard , and it 's never even come close to a breach . Watch flooding victims flee " "  It really was n't a concern , " she said . Now , without flood insurance , Harp has only one thing on her mind : Clean up . Still , "  where do you start ? " she asked . "  Where does the family go from here ? "	Powder Springs resident Kim Harp : "  It just came so fast . It really terrified us " Scores of homes swallowed by muddy waters as the rain refused to subside Entrance to Six Flags , Georgia 's largest amusement park , sitting in water
Nearly a year after receiving approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , a new obesity drug will be available to certain patients by prescription , starting Tuesday . The FDA approved Belviq , an oral medication , in June 2012 . The delay in availability was in part because the Drug Enforcement Administration needed to review the drug . People with a body mass index of more than 30 or a BMI of 27 with at least one weight-related condition , such as hypertension or Type 2 diabetes , are eligible for a prescription . Belviq , as the FDA pointed out in its statement announcing approval last year , is intended "  as an addition to a reduced-calorie diet and exercise . " Belviq , or lorcaserin hydrochloride , works by activating a serotonin receptor in the brain , which may help a person eat less and feel full after eating smaller amounts of food , according to the FDA . Belviq received approval about the same time as another weight-loss pill , Qsymia , which hit the market in September . Weight loss with both drugs is modest . Patients in clinical trials went from an average 227 pounds to 204 pounds on Qsymia ; on Belviq , the average weight dropped from 220 to 207 . In trials , 47 % of patients without Type 2 diabetes lost at least 5 % of their body weight on Belviq , according to the FDA . By comparison , 23 % of patients treated with a placebo lost at least 5 % of their weight . In people with Type 2 diabetes , 38 % of patients on Belviq lost at least 5 % of their body weight , compared with 16 % on a placebo . At the time of approval , the FDA said Belviq 's manufacturer , Arena Pharmaceuticals , would be required to conduct six post-marketing studies , including a long-term cardiovascular trial to assess the risk of heart attack and stroke . The most common side effects of Belviq in nondiabetic patients included headache , dizziness and fatigue , according to the FDA . In diabetic patients , side effects included pain and low blood sugar . In addition , some people taking medicines such as Belviq have reported heart valve problems , according to Eisai Inc. , which markets the drug . "  It is not known if Belviq changes your risk of heart problems or of stroke , or death due to heart problems or stroke , " according to the drug 's website . Prescription weight-loss drugs : Can they help you ?	A new drug , Belviq , is available to overweight and obese patients The drug received FDA approval nearly a year ago It works by activating a serotonin receptor in the brain
Tribune Media Services  -- Each summer , Europe greets a stampede of sightseers and shoppers with eager cash registers . Before jumping into the peak-season pig pile , consider the advantages of an off-season trip . Major cities like Paris crackle with energy year-round . Given the current weakness of our dollar overseas , the potential price-savings of an off-season trip are enough to brighten a gray winter day . Airfares are often hundreds of dollars less . With fewer crowds in Europe , you 'll sleep cheaper . Many fine hotels drop their prices , and budget hotels have plenty of vacancies . To save some money on hotels in the off-season , arrive late without a reservation , notice how many empty rooms they have  look for keys on the rack  , and give the receptionist an excuse to win your business with a deep discount . Explain that you 're a senior  hosteller , student , artist , whatever  with a particular price limit , and bargain from there . Note that while tourist-oriented places may be cheaper in the low season , the opposite is true of big-city business centers  especially Brussels and the Scandinavian capitals  , which are busiest and most expensive in the off-season . For many travelers , "  shoulder season " -- April , May , early June , September and early October -- offers the best mix of peak-season and off-season pros and cons . In shoulder season you 'll enjoy decent weather , long days , fewer crowds and a local tourist industry that is still eager to please and entertain . Outside of peak season , adventurers loiter all alone through Leonardo 's home , ponder un-pestered in Rome 's Forum , kick up sand on virgin beaches and chat with laid-back guards by log fires in French chateaux . In wintertime Venice you can be alone atop St. Mark 's bell tower , watching the clouds of your breath roll over the Byzantine domes of the church to a horizon of cut-glass Alps . Below , on St. Mark 's Square , hungry pigeons fidget and wonder , "  Where are the tourists ? " Without the crowds , you can enjoy step-right-up service at tourist offices and experience a more European Europe . Although many popular tourist-oriented parks , shows and tours will be closed , off-season is in-season for the high culture : plays and operas are in their crowd-pleasing glory . For instance , in Vienna , while the Boys Choir , Opera and Spanish Riding School are scarce in the summer , all have a busy schedule of performances through the rest of the year . Europe 's major cities crackle with energy year-round . In London , you can spend your days at the British Museum and National Gallery , and your nights at a cozy pub or a world-class play . In Paris -- the City of Light that always sparkles -- you can get face-to-face with Mona and scale the Eiffel Tower . In Florence , you 'll see Renaissance paintings and Michelangelo 's David without peak-season crowds . But winter travel has its drawbacks . Because much of Europe is in Canadian latitudes , the days are short . It 's dark by 5 p.m. . The weather can be miserable -- cold , windy , and drizzly -- and then turn worse . But just as summer can be wet and gray , winter can be crisp and blue , and even into mid-November , hillsides blaze with colorful leaves . To thrive in the winter , you 'll need to get the most out of your limited daylight hours . Start early and eat a quick lunch . Pack for the cold and wet -- layers , rainproof parka , gloves , wool hat , long johns , waterproof shoes and an umbrella . Use undershirts to limit the washing of slow-drying heavy shirts . Dress warmly . Cold weather is colder when you 're outdoors trying to enjoy yourself all day long . And cheap hotels are not always adequately heated in the off-season . Off-season hours are limited . Tourist information offices normally stay open year-round but have shorter hours in the winter . While most sights stay open through the winter , they typically operate on shorter schedules  such as 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. rather than 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.  , with darkness often determining the closing time . Winter sightseeing is fine in big cities , which bustle year-round , but it 's more frustrating in small tourist towns , which often close down entirely . In December many beach resorts are shut up as tight as canned hams . While Europe 's wonderful outdoor evening ambience survives year-round in the south , wintertime streets are empty in the north after dark . English-language tours , common in the summer , are rare during the off-season , when most visitors are natives . Another disadvantage of winter travel is loneliness . The solo traveler wo n't have the built-in camaraderie of other travelers that he or she would find in peak season . Still , this can be a plus , since it encourages you to really connect with the locals you traveled halfway around the world to meet . Regardless of when you go , if your objective is to "  meet the people , " you 'll find Europe filled with them 365 days a year . Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio . E-mail him at rick@ricksteves.com, or write to him c/o P.O. Box 2009 , Edmonds , Wash. 98020 . COPYRIGHT 2007 RICK STEVES , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. . E-mail to a friend	Rick Steves produces 30 guidebooks on European travel Since 1973 he 's spent 120 days a year in Europe His company , Europe Through the Back Door , conducts European tours
CNN  -- In 1916 , British polar explorer Ernest Shackleton managed to save his entire crew after they had been stranded in the Antarctic for almost two years . Now , nearly a century later , Australian explorer Tim Jarvis and his team of five adventurers have set sail Thursday on a voyage to emulate Shackleton 's epic survival journey , using almost exactly the same equipment and rations . During the original , grandly titled "  Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition " , Shackleton had attempted to cross the Antarctic and reach the South Pole with a crew of 27 men on his ship , the Endurance . But , after little more than a month , temperatures dropped so dramatically that the ship froze solid in the ice and eventually sunk . So began the long mission to survive , culminating in what is regarded by many to be one of the most astonishing rescue journeys in history . After abandoning ship and finding land on the inhospitable and remote Elephant Island , Shackleton set out with just five of his men in a small open lifeboat to seek help for the rest of his crew . Braving 20 meter-high waves , they rowed for two weeks across 800 nautical miles  1,482 kilometers  of icy ocean to the island of South Georgia . There they trekked 32 miles along the island 's mountainous interior , eventually securing vital assistance at a manned whaling outpost . Attempts to repeat Shackleton 's rescue mission have been done before , but Jarvis ' journey has a special twist . In the name of authenticity , they will reenact the whole thing on a replica of the original lifeboat and use only equipment and rations available in the early 20th century . "  Nobody has managed to do it the way Shackleton did it -- with the same gear and the same boat , " said Jarvis , who believes it 's the most challenging expedition of his life . "  It 's not to be taken lightly , " he added . The only modern adjustments on board are the emergency gear and radios . Apart from that , the crew are facing exactly the same privations as their predecessors -- right down to the handmade reindeer skin sleeping bags , unpalatable but nutritious Pemmican  a concentrated mixture of fat and protein  and Shackleton 's favorite whiskey "  Whyte & Mackay " . Jarvis and his crew have just left Elephant Island and are now sailing the rough Southern Ocean in their replica of the James Caird , a wooden lifeboat only 6.85 meters  22 feet  long ; the size of a typical six-seated mini bus . They will then attempt the climb using only one small section of rope and a carpenter 's adze -- just as Shackleton did . As the centenary of Shackleton 's journey approaches , the motivation for this expedition is in large part to honor the great explorer 's legacy , even if it means risking life and limb and overcoming some enormous challenges . "  There is a certain amount of luck involved , as well as the skill of the crew and the preparation of the boat , " explained Jarvis , in an interview before he left for the Antarctic . The team 's skipper Nick Bubb is concerned about the technical difficulties of operating an antiquated yacht . "  The boat does n't have a keel , which means it will capsize easily . And since we are relying on celestial navigation , a cloudy sky will make it more difficult knowing where we are , " he said . For the worst case scenario , there is a modern boat trailing them , ready to pick them up if disaster strikes . And , unlike Shackleton and his men , this crew has n't already spent over 500 days abandoned in the Antarctic . Polar historian and author Dr Huw Lewis-Jones thinks this reenactment is an excellent way of resussitating interested in the early 20th century period known as the "  Heroic Age of Antarctic Exploration " . "  We need people like Tim Jarvis to do things like this that bring history alive , " Lewis-Jones said . "  Anyone who has ever been to the Southern Ocean knows how awesome Shackleton 's journey was . It 's quite rightly called an epic , " he added . "  The human will to survive is strong and in Shackleton it found its perfect exponent . The man was a legend , " Lewis-Jones said . As an environmental scientist , Jarvis also wants to draw attention to the climate change affecting Antarctica since Shackleton 's time , which he attributes to global warming . Most of all , however , he wishes to honor the spirit of Shackleton 's philosophy . "  One of his key messages was the importance of team work , " Jarvis said . "  We need to all act together in this world today , to overcome our problems . "	Adventurers set to re-enact polar explorer Ernest Shackleton 's epic journey . The team will only use equipment and clothes available during early 20th century . No one has yet managed to replicate Shackleton 's entire rescue voyage . Australian explorer Tim Jarvis will be the expedition leader .
EW.com  -- The CW just gave every one of its freshman dramas a full-season order . "  The Originals " ? Full season ! "  The Tomorrow People " ? Full season ! "  Reign " ? Full season ! The network is like Oprah giving away cars . Or Miley giving away tongue wags . Or something else that 's easy to get from something that gives away stuff . "  The Originals " was a given . "  The Vampire Diaries " spin-off has averaged 2.7 million viewers and a 1.3 rating among adults 18-49 and The CW needs to keep at least one show for a full season . With its solid-ishy performance , the drama was clearly headed toward a pickup . "  The Tomorrow People "  2.4 million , 0.9  and "  Reign "  2.1 million , 0.8  felt like one might survive while the other might not . Not because either are doing really well , exactly , but because The CW has limited inventory to play with  The CW has Twilight-but-with-aliens-romance Star-Crossed and Lost-meets-Avatar-meets-Lord of the Flies drama The 100 in the pipeline  . Specifically , many in the industry expected Reign to get beheaded . Explained CW president Mark Pedowitz : "  In just a few seasons , we have built a much stronger primetime schedule . Our on-air ratings are up year to year , and our digital viewing continues to grow exponentially . We 're excited about the creative momentum the producers have established for all three of our new series , and now our fans will have the chance to see the full stories unfold for them this season . With the additional episodes ordered , plus two new dramas and new reality for midseason , we 'll be able to continue our commitment to adding more original programming all year long . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The CW has grabbed up all of their freshman dramas It felt like "  The Tomorrow People " and "  Reign " could n't both survive CW prez says "  we have built a much stronger primetime schedule "
The successor to Nintendo 's troubled Wii U may be on the way . Shigeru Miyamoto , the man who created Nintendo classics such as "  Mario Bros. " and "  The Legend of Zelda , " says the Japanese gaming giant is at work on a new gaming console . "  For the time being , our focus is on the Wii U hardware , but Nintendo as a whole has groups working on ideas for new hardware systems , " he said , via a translator , in an interview with The Associated Press . "  While we 're busy working on software for the Wii U , we have production lines that are working on ideas for what the next system might be . " ` Mario , ' ` Zelda ' creator says give the Wii U time One of the most iconic names in video gaming , Nintendo dominated the market with its Wii console , which sold more than 100 million units after its release in 2006 . But the follow-up , Wii U , with its handheld second-screen controller , failed to make a similar splash . The company lost more than $ 15 million in the final nine months of 2013 , largely due to disappointing sales numbers for the Wii U . A sales forecast of 9 million Wii U units in 2013 , the console 's first full year , was slashed to a mere 2.8 million . This year has seen a slight uptick in sales , with the release of popular titles such as "  Mario Kart 8 " and "  Bayonetta 2 . " But the console still trails the rival PlayStation 4 and Xbox One badly in popularity . Things got so bad that there was speculation Nintendo would abandon hardware entirely , instead focusing on developing popular franchises such as Mario and Zelda for other consoles . In the AP interview , Miyamoto focused on more positive recent news for the company . Released in October , "  Super Smash Bros. " has joined the new "  Mario Kart " title as a hot seller as have "  amiibos , " action figures of popular Nintendo characters that can both be collected and used in conjunction with some video games . And there have been reports , via the Sony email hack , that a "  Super Mario Bros. " feature film may be in the works . While the Wii U was released a year earlier than last year 's PlayStation and Xbox updates , it 's unlikely gamers will see a new Wii in 2015 . Several major software releases for the Wii U , including new "  Star Fox " and "  Legend of Zelda " titles , already have been announced for the coming year , making it unlikely the company would compete with itself with new hardware .	Nintendo is working on a successor to its Wii U console , designer tells Associated Press "  Mario " creator says new hardware is under way Sales of the Wii U have been disappointing for Japanese company
CNN  -- State authorities dispatched emergency crews Tuesday to survey the damage after an onslaught of severe weather in Mississippi that injured at least 17 people , damaged property and cut power . The National Weather Service said "  probable tornados " caused significant damage across central Mississippi , including in Yazoo , Attala , Warren , Oktibbeha , and Smith counties . In Attala County , storms damaged several mobile homes , injuring six people and leaving parts of the area without power , the service said . Eleven more people were injured in Monroe County , where storms damaged homes and a radio communications tower , it said . A tornado touched down in Yazoo County on Monday night , causing damage to a downtown Yazoo City courthouse and tossing debris in a wide area , according to emergency management spokesman . The twister touched down around 8:05 p.m. local time  9:05 p.m. ET  , according to the National Weather Service 's Jackson , Mississippi , office . Approximately 30 percent of the area is still without power , the Weather Service reported . Greg Flynn , spokesman for the Mississippi Emergency Management Agency , said the damage included "  a lot of windows blown out , some roof damage and very little power in the downtown area " of Yazoo City . No severe injuries or deaths have been reported , he said . "  We 've been getting inundated with round after round after round " of heavy rain , Flynn said Tuesday morning . In April , at least 10 people died when a mile-wide tornado tore through Mississippi . Two of the dead were children , and one was a 3-month-old baby , according to the state emergency management agency . Five of the dead were from Choctaw County , in the north central part of the state , four were from Yazoo County , north of Jackson , and one was from Holmes County , also in north central Mississippi . CNN Radio 's Greg Black and CNN 's Sean Morris and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : 17 people are injured in storms NEW : 30 percent of Yazoo County is still without power Emergency crews are dispatched to survey the damage Six people are hospitalized after a storm in Attala County
Marietta , Georgia  CNN  -- Whether the prosecution will seek the death penalty in Justin Ross Harris hot-car death case will be decided in two to three weeks , Cobb County District Attorney Vic Reynolds said Thursday . Reynolds ' statement came hours after the Georgia father was indicted by a grand jury on eight counts , including malice murder and two counts of felony murder . "  We 're pleased with the pace and thoroughness of this investigation , which continues on today , " Reynolds said . "  The evidence in this case has led us to this point today . Whether it leads us to anyone else remains to be answered . " The next step will be to put Harris ' case on Superior Court Judge Mary Staley 's arraignment calendar , which should happen within three weeks , the prosecutor said . Motions will then be filed before the case goes to a trial calendar . Reynolds declined to take questions or comment further , saying , "  This case will be tried in a court of law , " and not in the media . If Reynolds seeks the death penalty , it will be for the malice murder charge , which alleges that Harris , who has claimed his son 's death was an accident , premeditated the child 's killing . Harris ' attorney , H. Maddox Kilgore , called the charges excessive , describing them as a part of the "  state 's maze of theories . " "  It was always an accident . When the time comes , and we 've worked through the state 's maze of theories at trial , it 's still going to be a terrible , gut-wrenching accident . And all the eccentricities and moral failings of Ross ' life is n't going to change that , " he told reporters . The other five charges Harris faces are : first-degree cruelty to children , second-degree cruelty to children , criminal attempt to commit a felony  sexual exploitation of a minor  and two counts of dissemination of harmful material to minors . According to the indictment , the grand jury found that on June 18 , Harris "  did unlawfully , and with malice aforethought , cause the death of Cooper Harris ... by placing said Cooper Harris into a child car seat and leaving him alone in a hot motor vehicle . " The two felony murder charges allege that Harris killed his 22-month-old son while committing the felonies of first - and second-degree cruelty to children . One count states he killed Cooper "  maliciously , " while the other felony murder count says Harris killed him "  with criminal negligence . " Harris faces a mandatory sentence of life in prison if convicted on any of the murder charges . By leaving Cooper in the car , Harris caused the boy "  cruel and excessive physical pain , " the cruelty to children charges allege . The criminal attempt to commit a felony and dissemination of harmful materials charges are not related directly to Cooper 's death . They involve allegations that Harris requested a nude photo of a minor 's genitalia and sent the same minor descriptions of "  sexual excitement and sexual conduct , " according to the indictment . A Cobb County detective testified at an earlier probable cause hearing that while Cooper was in the car at his father 's workplace , Harris was sexting with numerous women and sent one of them , who was underage , a photo of his erect penis . Harris pleaded not guilty to murder and child cruelty charges in June . Cobb County Chief Magistrate Frank Cox signed off on the charges , stating Harris would 've had to notice that "  the stench in the car was overwhelming " when he got in it as he left work and "  drove it for some instance " before stopping to check on the boy . Charges filed in an indictment supersede the previous charges . Harris has been held without bond since Cooper 's death this summer . Authorities have painted Harris as a terrible father who , after admittedly looking up online how hot a car needed to be to kill a child , purposely strapped his son into his sweltering SUV to die . His motivation ? The prosecutor has characterized Harris as an unfaithful husband who wanted a childless life . Kilgore has argued his client tragically forgot his child in the car . Friends described Harris as a doting dad , not a malicious one , who loved to show off his blond , bright-eyed boy and talked about him incessantly . It all started simply enough : Harris left home with Cooper in a rear-facing car seat in the back of his 2011 Hyundai Tucson , then headed to his job as a Web developer for Atlanta-based Home Depot after making a quick stop at a fast-food restaurant for breakfast . But he did n't follow through on his routine of stopping to drop the boy off at daycare . Instead , according to a criminal warrant , Harris drove to work and left Cooper strapped in his car seat . He went back to his SUV during lunch , put something in the car , then returned to work . All the while , the vehicle got increasingly hotter , with records showing the temperature topped 92 that day -- which can make the heat inside a closed vehicle soar past 100 degrees quickly . Sometime around 4:15 p.m. , seven hours after he 'd arrived at work , Harris got back into his Hyundai and left work . Witnesses told police that , soon thereafter , they heard "  squealing tires  as  the vehicle came to a stop " in a shopping center . Cobb County Police Detective Phil Stoddard testified at the probable cause hearing that Harris got out of the car yelling , "  Oh my God , what have I done ? " He then stood with a blank look , going to the other side of his SUV to make a phone call after someone told him that his son needed CPR , a witness told police , according to Stoddard . Witness Leonard Madden testified that , upon leaving a restaurant , he noticed Harris was distraught and crying . "  He was hollering , " Madden testified , recounting the father saying , "  Oh , my God ! Oh , my God ! My son is dead ! " Harris had to be physically restrained once it became clear Cooper would n't make it -- at which time it was 88 degrees -- according to police . Leaving his son alone in the car was n't the only thing Harris did that day , authorities say . While at work , he messaged six women besides his wife and exchanged explicit texts with some of them -- including the lewd photo that he sent to an underage female , Stoddard testified . Yet even after these allegations surfaced , his wife Leanna Harris stood by her man . She sat calmly through the probable cause hearing , and at Cooper 's funeral flatly insisted she was "  absolutely not " angry with her husband . "  Ross is and was and will be , if we have more children , a wonderful father , " Leanna Harris said at the funeral in Tuscaloosa , Alabama , a gathering that her husband also addressed via phone from the Cobb County Jail . "  Ross is a wonderful daddy and leader for our household . Cooper meant the world to him . " Given the district attorney 's comments Thursday about whether anybody else will be charged in connection with the case , the attorney for Leanna Harris said he was surprised Reynolds was still contemplating charges . "  I am surprised that the district attorney is still contemplating after almost three months of reviewing the evidence whether or not to charge my client , if that is who he was referring to in his press conference , " attorney Lawrence Zimmerman said . "  By now , I would think they would have been able to make a final decision and clear her from any wrongdoing . " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta , with Devon M. Sayers and Stephanie Gallman reporting from Marietta . CNN 's MaryLynn Ryan and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : The defense attorney says the charges reflect the "  state 's maze of theories " District attorney says he will decide whether to pursue death penalty within weeks Grand jury charges Justin Ross Harris with 8 counts , including murder , in hot car death Charges allege Harris caused 22-month-old son , Cooper , "  cruel , excessive physical pain "
Australians expect a lot of their country 's consular offices when traveling overseas . At least , some of them do . In recent years , Aussies abroad have hit up their government 's local overseas reps for everything from help packing their bags to looking after their pets to providing armored cars to the equivalent of a ` get out of jail ' card . The Australian government is hitting back , in a manner of speaking . Last week , the country 's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  DFAT  , which is responsible for consular services , announced a new three-year Consular Strategy that will , in part , cut back on services rendered to pesky nationals who come calling with petty problems , tying up valuable resources . "  Nobody should argue against helping those in genuine trouble , but far too often our valuable consular assets are being diverted to help those who are more than capable of taking personal responsibility to solve their problems , " wrote Minister of Foreign Affairs Julie Bishop in a public scold titled "  Australian travelers need to become more self-reliant . " Bishop 's article appeared in the Interpreter , a foreign policy website published by the Sydney-based Lowry Institute for International Policy . "  There is a limit to what our consular officers can do , " an exasperated-sounding Bishop continued . "  The Government is sending a clear message to individuals who have unreasonable or unrealistic demands : consular assistance is not a right and if you deliberately or willfully abuse it , you can not expect more than the absolute minimum level of assistance and advice . " How outrageous have some of those requests for help been ? Behold , this list of 20 rather unsusual pleas for assistance , provided by DFAT : 1 . A traveler who was destitute refused to return to Australia without their pet , which could not be returned for quarantine reasons . 2 . A mother who wanted the Embassy in Bangkok to book accommodation and a return ticket to Australia for her son , then provide an embassy driver to take him to the airport . 3 . A request from an Australian traveler for DFAT to feed her dogs while she was away . 4 . I 'm attending a conference overseas with a large group of Australians but I have heard it is a dangerous city . Can the High Commission arrange for a risk assessment and some armored cars ? We only need them for a week . 5 . Multiple enquiries to Embassies overseas as to the closest pub televising the  rugby  State of Origin game . 6 . An Australian who had his laptop stolen overseas requested that embassy staff pick him up from the airport , loan him a laptop and provide him with office space for a few days . 7 . A traveler who asked whether the sand in Egypt would affect her asthma . 8 . Panicked callers regularly reporting Australian travelers missing overseas , after not hearing from them within the first few hours of arriving in country . Consular officers usually explain that getting through customs and immigration can take time . 9 . Why wo n't the Australian Embassy come and pack my bags for me ? I 'm an 80 year old traveling by myself and too old to pack my own bags . 10 . I left some items on an aircraft when I changed flights . Can the Embassy collect it from the airline 's lost property ? 11 . Can the Embassy obtain prescription medicine from Australia and send it to me so I can continue my holiday ? 12 . Requests for our Embassies to store luggage , hold mail , provide banking facilities or arrange tours for Australian travelers . 13 . What is the best way to get a polecat out of your roof ? 14 . I 'm going on a cruise . What will the food be like ? Can you drink the water on the ship ? 15 . Some travelers evacuated from civil unrest in Egypt on government funded flights questioned why they were not entitled to frequent flyer points . Similarly , some travelers evacuated from the 2004 Boxing Day tsunami made seat requests  including for first class  . 16 . A caller to DFAT 's 24 hour Consular Emergency Centre wanted to know the average salary for an expat to expect in Thailand . 17 . Does the Embassy know if there are there any hotels in Phnom Penh with vacant rooms ? 18 . Can the Embassy tell the local police that I have an excellent driving record in Australia and should not have to pay those outstanding speeding fines ? 19 . What is the best hotel in Phuket ? 20 . On my last trip to the Philippines I had some trouble with the law . What is the number of the Embassy in Manila so I can call them to get me out of jail when I go back ?	Australia 's overseas consular offices will no longer accommodate many requests for help Aussie travelers need to become more self-reliant , says government official One traveler asked consulate to pack his bags Another wanted someone to babysit a pet bird
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greek lawmakers on Sunday agreed to cut thousands of government workers to secure another 8.8 billion euros  $ 11.5 billion  in bailout funds . The vote clears the way for 15,000 civil servants to be fired by the end of 2014 , the first time Greece 's cash-strapped government has said it will cut its workforce of about 700,000 . The right to a permanent position once hired by the public sector had been protected by the Greek constitution before Sunday , and about one in four Greeks is on the public payroll . Cutting that figure is part of the loan agreement between the government and its creditors , the European Union and the International Monetary Fund . But the layoffs will be coming when unemployment has skyrocketed to more than 27 % . Previous austerity measures have cut pay for public workers as much as 30 % and reduced pension benefits . CNNMoney : Jobless misery deepens in Greece and Spain Sunday 's 168-123 vote came after heated debate in parliament and with protesters gathered outside . The civil servants union ADEDY said the measure will signify the end of the country 's welfare state , but the three parties that make up the country 's ruling coalition supported the layoff bill . "  We are going through a very difficult path , but this is going to be a success story , " Prime Minister Antonis Samaras told reporters after the vote . EU and IMF officials said earlier this month that Greece is on track to reach its bailout targets . But each round of austerity measures has fueled sometimes-violent demonstrations , and critics argue the tax increases and spending cuts imposed by struggling eurozone economies have driven up unemployment without spurring growth . 28 migrant workers wounded in shooting over wages in Greece	NEW : "  This is going to be a success story , " prime minister says The vote clears the way for another $ 11.5 billion in loans The Greek unemployment rate is already over 27 % EU and IMF officials say Greece is meeting its bailout targets
CNN  -- In Florida , some early-voting lines were longer than those for the new iPhone . In New Jersey , officials are allowing those displaced by Superstorm Sandy to vote via e-mail and fax . And a bitterly partisan presidential election is expected to be close . So it makes sense that people would be extra concerned about potential irregularities at polling places Tuesday . A few groups are using the Internet to urge people to document their experiences at the polls . See something abnormal , such as long lines , voter intimidation or combative volunteers ? There are a few online venues where you can report it . One of the most promising is My Fair Election , a site from Archon Fung , a professor at Harvard University 's Kennedy School of Government . The site encourages voters to rate their polling place experience -- from one to five stars -- and detail any problems . "  It 's a little bit like Yelp for democracy , " Fung says in a YouTube video about the project . "  Just as Yelp and Amazon allow people to rate restaurants and products , My Fair Election will allow voters to rate their polling place after they vote . " A national map on the site shows average wait times by state . As of late morning on Election Day , 379 reports had come in , he says . But Fung expects many , if not most , of the ratings to be filed online at the end of the working day . Before the project launched , he indicated he wanted to see 10,000 ratings filed by the public . CNN has tools for detecting and reporting voter disenfranchisement , too . The network has a "  voter irregularities hotline "  800-CNN-NEWS  and e-mail address  votewatch@cnn.com  . You can report issues by texting 55333 . Type "  CNN " and a space before entering your info . File a photo or video to CNN iReport . Or , finally , send messages to CNN on Twitter by tagging them #CNNVoteWatch . A site called Video the Vote is encouraging citizen journalists to take their smartphones with them to the polls and "  be prepared to ... document what is happening and then share that content on your YouTube , Twitter , Instagram or Ustream . " The group is collecting info from the hashtag #VideoTheVote . Its site has state-by-state reports collated from social media , including information about reported long lines in Florida on Tuesday morning . Would-be election monitors should be cognizant , however , of state laws about filming and photographing at polling places , says Harvard 's Citizen Media Law Project . "  Photography and video can be critically important to document the election process and to preserve a record of any procedural improprieties and interference with voter rights , " the group says on a page dedicated to "  Documenting the Vote 2012 . " "  At the same time , however , voting is a very private matter , and attempts to record at the polling place are subject to strict regulation to safeguard voter privacy , protect against voter intimidation , and to ensure the proper functioning of the voting process . " The group published a helpful list of state laws on the topic . Fung , from the My Fair Election site , says all of these efforts could lead to a more detailed understanding of what goes on at the polls on Election Day . It 's important to document the good as well as the bad , he says , so that a national picture emerges .	My Fair Election collects ratings on polling places A few groups are crowdsouring election monitoring Video the Vote wants people to live stream videos from polling locations A Harvard group warns citizen journalists to know local laws
CNN  -- A gunman killed eight people and wounded 14 in Bratislava , the capital of Slovakia , on Monday morning , officials said . The state news agency TASR , citing the interior minister and police corps president , said seven people were killed in the shooting ; a spokeswoman for University Hospital of Bratislava said one of the wounded had died . After being cornered by the police , the gunman shot and killed himself , Slovak Interior Minister Daniel Lipsic and Police Corps President Jaroslav Spisiak told reporters near the crime scene . The shooting took place in the Bratislava neighborhood of Devinska Nova Ves , TASR reported . The gunman , who was using an illegally obtained assault rifle , was carrying two other guns and ammunition , Spisiak said . Lipsic said a police officer was wounded in the shooting and was in a stable condition . Of the wounded , who were taken to hospitals in Bratislava , "  one patient is in critical condition , three more are in serious condition , " Health Minister Ivan Uhliarik told TASR prior to the reported death of one of the victims . Uhliarik said the remaining victims were "  stabilized . " TASR reported a three-year-old child was among those wounded . Spisiak told TASR the police received a call reporting shots heard in one of the flats in the apartment building . When police arrived at the scene , the gunman was leaving . Four women and a man were found dead inside an apartment and another man was shot dead in the building 's hallway . All six victims apparently were from the same family . The gunman then started firing on the street and at the police , who cornered him , Spisiak told TASR . A woman who apparently stepped onto her balcony as the shooting rampage was in progress also was killed . Her body was found later in the day by her husband , Lipsic told TASR . The gunman was not immediately identified .	Three-year-old child was among the wounded , news agency says Woman who stepped onto balcony during shooting was also killed The dead include 4 women and 2 men from the same family The shooting took place Monday morning in the capital , Bratislava
CNN  When man relies on machine , there is always something that can go wrong . And there is no more unforgiving environment than the high-stakes world of Formula One . "  Racing is one of those ... probably a crueler sport in that there 's so many other variables , " says Red Bull 's No. 1 driver Daniel Ricciardo , ahead of Sunday 's season-opening Australian Grand Prix . "  Unfortunately it 's not like tennis where all the racquets are pretty much the same and you ca n't blame anyone but yourself . " Ricciardo experienced the full extent of F1 's cruelty at last year 's Melbourne race . The Australian crossed the line in second place -- seemingly becoming the first Aussie to finish on the podium at Albert Park -- but jubilation soon turned to despair . He was disqualified hours after the race when officials ruled his car had exceeded the maximum fuel flow rate , a rule which states each car is limited to 100 kilograms of fuel per race and was introduced to make the sport more fuel efficient . "  It 's frustrating , I mean it 's a part of the sport which will always be frustrating , " said the 25-year-old , reflecting on what was his Red Bull debut . "  I 'm sure even Lewis  Hamilton  and Nico  Rosberg  last year were frustrated at the times because you never have the perfect car , " he added , referring to the two Mercedes drivers , who finished first and second last season . "  But it is what it is , I signed up for that a long time ago , and you just learn to accept it . " It 's a sport where even driving ability often fails to overcome mechanical failures -- eventual world champion Hamilton was forced to retire from last year 's race at Albert Park . But technical blunders do n't always end in disaster -- Hamilton won the Italian Grand Prix after experiencing mechanical faults early in the race , and Finnish driver Valterri Bottas lost a wheel in 2014 's opener before roaring to a fifth-place finish . Despite Ricciardo 's previous disappointment , he 's ca n't wait to race on his home turf again next Sunday . "  I definitely feel privileged to have a home race ... it just increases all the hype and all the excitement " said Ricciardo , adding that he would use "  all the Australian flags and all the cheers to my advantage . " After last year 's disaster Ricciardo is looking to make things right , "  There 's a little bit of redemption , I 'm confident we can get it back . "	Red Bull 's No. 1 driver Daniel Ricciardo says Formula One is a "  crueler sport " Last year Ricciardo was disqualified from the Australian Grand Prix after finishing second The 25-year-old is looking for redemption in Melbourne on Sunday
CNN  -- He performed to a watching audience of millions at the closing ceremony of the Beijing Olympic Games , but conducting the Hong Kong Philharmonic Orchestra has been the most nerve-wracking thing the American-Chinese pop star Wang Leehom has undertaken for some time . From the Olympics to holding the baton himself , Leehom has tackled a variety of projects . "  I think I always throw myself in these impossible situations and then see if I can scramble out of them and gain something from these experiences , " he told CNN during rehearsals for the December performances . "  Standing in front of the orchestra was intimidating at times , but I think we got through it , and I think we made some exciting waves in town . We definitely got the crowd excited about it . " Leehom has certainly made waves with his Mandarin-language pop music , having sold around 15 million records , but as his recent foray in classical music confirms , he 's more than just another voice with an interesting haircut . Growing up in the U.S. to a family of doctors , he excelled at school but decided to take a different path to his parents . After shunning the opportunity to study at an Ivy League university , he spent some time at Williams College of liberal arts before getting his big break in pop in Taiwan in 1995 . At that time he admits he knew nothing about Chinese music and did n't speak Mandarin . Learning Mandarin was just another challenge Leehom rose to meet and he believes that having Chinese as a second language has been to his advantage , and his interest in the linguistics of the language has led to some of his more innovative work . "  I always think for artists to take their shortcomings and turn them around and make them into what define them as an artist is a real trick , " he told CNN . "  I think it 's a wonderful thing for people to understand how language can be transformed and mutilated for musical reasons and actually bring out something special orally , " he said . Musically he 's often been put in the same box as Mando-pop sensation Jay Chou , and has similarly has been the subject of rumor about ever aspect of his life , from his school grades to his sexuality . Watch Wang Leehom talk about his rivalry with Jay Chou " . Adding his face to a number of endorsements , the pressures of being in the public eye have made him become increasingly protective of his privacy . "  It 's definitely changed me . It 's like some defense mechanism I guess , to just be private , to keep things to myself , to protect myself or my loved ones . I am the same person , but just a different way of life , " he said . However it has n't stopped him from branching out and taking on an acting career . He made his big screen debut in 2000 in the Hong Kong action flick "  China Strike " , but it was his role in Ang Lee 's international success "  Lust , Caution " that brought him wider international attention . As for taking on new projects in the future , be they film , singing or even holding the baton once again , Leehom will stay true to his policy of challenging himself with different ventures . "  Sometimes it gives me a lot of trouble , sometimes it ends up launching a career which has been very good for me , " he said .	Wang Leehom is a multi-million-album selling American-Chinese pop star Sings in Mandarin despite it being his second language Has a successful acting career , appearing in Ang Lee 's "  Lust , caution " Web exclusive : Watch Wang Leehom talk about his rivalry with Jay Chou
London  CNN  -- A top executive at the company that publishes the Wall Street Journal left Dow Jones this week amid allegations that the paper 's European edition used underhanded methods to boost circulation figures , the newspaper itself reported Thursday . Andrew Langhoff , the executive , left on Tuesday , following an internal probe which found he had pushed for two articles favorable to a company involved in the alleged circulation subterfuge , the paper said . The Guardian , a rival newspaper , alleged that the Journal 's publisher secretly directed funds to the company that was buying copies of the paper in bulk . In an official statement , Dow Jones rejected the Guardian 's characterization of the arrangements . Wall Street Journal Europe "  circulation programs were fully disclosed and certified , " the company said in a statement . The controversy comes on the heels of another scandal surrounding another newspaper in the British newspaper empire of Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. . The News of the World , the company 's flagship Sunday British tabloid , was closed in July on the orders of Murdoch 's son James , following accusations that it had illegally eavesdropped on the phone of a missing girl and many others to get stories . The girl , Milly Dowler , later turned out to have been murdered . News Corp. owns both Dow Jones , which publishes the Wall Street Journal , and News International , which published News of the World and continues to publish the Sun and the Times of London . The Wall Street Journal Europe scandal centers on the allegation that the paper arranged for 12,000 copies a day to be sold , for one European cent each , to a company called Executive Learning Partnership , the Journal reported . That boosted the daily circulation of the paper to 75,000 -- meaning the bulk sales to ELP made up more than 15 % of daily circulation . The number of copies a newspaper sells is important in determining how much advertisers are willing to pay for ads , among other factors . The British agency that audits circulation figures does not differentiate between papers that are sold at face value and those distributed in bulk -- unlike the American agency , the Journal said . Dow Jones said its circulation reports were above board . "  The practice of sponsored distribution to business schools and universities is common in the industry and clearly identified in all WSJE publisher statements . ELP was paid for legitimate services rendered , " the company said . Langhoff and a Journal circulation department employee named Gert Van Mol also directed thousands of euros to ELP in side deals , the newspaper said Thursday , citing unnamed "  people familiar with the matter . " Van Mol 's job has since been eliminated , the paper said . Dow Jones said the payments were for legitimate services rendered , but that the manner in which they were paid was "  admittedly complex . " It said it canceled the deal because it was uncomfortable with it , the Journal reported , also noting that ELP denied that account and that the company was "  not pleased that our name appears in this context . " ELP partner Nick Van Heck said the company had invoiced for services it had actually provided , but that the invoices went to "  different organizations and not to the Wall Street Journal Europe , " the paper reported . The firm said in a statement that Langhoff had "  never promised us editorial coverage , " the Journal said . The internal probe found that Langhoff had advocated for two articles favorable to ELP , the Journal said . The Dutch company describes itself as "  strategy and learning architects . " An ELP representative told CNN the company would respond to a request for comment as soon as possible . The accusations against Dow Jones and the Wall Street Journal Europe were first reported by Nick Davies , a reporter for the Guardian who has been investigating scandals at News Corp. newspapers for several years .	The paper is accused of using underhanded methods to boost circulation numbers The Wall Street Journal Europe says its circulation is properly audited Dow Jones executive Andrew Langhoff left over allegations of a related scandal The News of the World closed in July amid a scandal over phone hacking
MUMBAI , India  CNN  -- Shweta Gupta knows exactly what kind of groom she wants : he should be educated , well settled and live in a good location -- one that must be in India . Indian brides and grooms from the Adivasi tribe take part in a mass marriage ceremony . Love may be recession proof in India , but arranged marriages are not . One of the casualties of the global economic slowdown is the Non Resident Indian  NRI  groom . They were once considered premium marriage material . After all , these were the men who had typically studied hard , gotten top jobs in the West , earned big bucks and could whisk their wives away to better opportunities in the West . Not anymore . "  Yeah , I hate to say it but the NRI man seems to be out of favor with the Indian woman , " said Gaurav Rakshit of Shaadi.com , a matrimonial search engine used by 14 million people globally . He has seen demand for NRI grooms drop by around 20 to 30 percent since the recession hit . Why ? Shweta Gupta , a 23-year-old student , has an answer . "  Many Indians working abroad have come back due to recession hitting foreign countries and I do n't think recession has affected India that much , " said said . She believes there is greater job security in India , so would prefer her husband to be based here . Her mother , who is involved in finding a suitable man for her daughter , agreed . "  Suppose there is no job security , then again he would have to come to India , then again he would have to find a job for himself , so I would prefer both of them to be here . Plus , I want my daughter to be close to me , " said Shraddha Gupta . Arranged marriages are still the norm in India and parents play an active role in choosing a life partner for their children . Traditionally , parents will let friends know that they are on the lookout for a partner for their child . Sometimes , they go to a marriage broker -- a middleman who keeps a stash of resumes and photos of eligible men and women whose families have registered with them . As Indians get more tech savvy , more people are taking their search for partners online . Matrimonial Web sites are popular since they offer a much bigger pool of potential life partners . Shweta Gupta is currently pursuing an MBA in Mumbai and is confident of getting good job offers in India -- another reason she would not want to risk that by going abroad . "  As the woman finds her voice in Indian society , a part of the trend is defined by her unwillingness to compromise on where she grew up , the kind of person she wants to be with , the value system she wants to associate with , " Rakshit said . Women in India are comfortable with the opportunities they have at home and do n't feel they need to go abroad to have a better life . As a result , NRI men are out . So , who is in ? Well , government employees , who are typically thought to hold more stable jobs . Shaadi.com said demand was up around 45 percent since last year for men with these jobs . Also in favor now : working wives -- a departure from the tradition of Indian men choosing only homemakers . Anish Sapra , 27 , has been looking for a bride for around ten months -- and he wants a working woman . "  It will be a help -- more than a help -- to have a working partner , " he said . "  Not just for financial reasons , " he added noting that he believes he would have more in common with such a wife . A wife with a job could help pay off some of the wedding bills , too . Indian marriages are typically large and flamboyant affairs , though the slowdown means they are somewhat subdued these days . That is one tradition Shweta Gupta wo n't give up . She is holding out for a grand wedding with lots of singing and dancing -- she just has to find Mr. Right . "  My marriage should be fun , it should be remembered by all people , " she said .	Arranged marriages are still the norm in India Typically families sought Indians working overseas as good marriage material With recession hitting the West hard , Indians are looking inward for suitors Women in India are more comfortable today with the opportunities they have at home
Steve Jobs , the visionary in the black turtleneck who co-founded Apple in a Silicon Valley garage , built it into the world 's leading tech company and led a mobile-computing revolution with wildly popular devices such as the iPhone , died Wednesday . He was 56 . The hard-driving executive pioneered the concept of the personal computer and of navigating them by clicking onscreen images with a mouse . In more recent years , he introduced the iPod portable music player , the iPhone and the iPad tablet -- all of which changed how we consume content in the digital age . Fortune : Ten ways Steve Jobs changed the world His friends and Apple fans on Wednesday night mourned the passing of a tech titan . "  Steve 's brilliance , passion and energy were the source of countless innovations that enrich and improve all of our lives , " Apple said in a statement . "  The world is immeasurably better because of Steve . " See reactions from Bill Gates , Mark Zuckerberg and many others More than one pundit , praising Jobs ' ability to transform entire industries with his inventions , called him a modern-day Leonardo Da Vinci . "  Steve Jobs is one of the great innovators in the history of modern capitalism , " New York Times columnist Joe Nocera said in August . "  His intuition has been phenomenal over the years . " Jobs ' death , while dreaded by Apple 's legions of fans , was not unexpected . He had battled cancer for years , took a medical leave from Apple in January and stepped down as chief executive in August because he could "  no longer meet  his  duties and expectations . " Born February 24 , 1955 , and then adopted , Jobs grew up in Cupertino , California -- which would become home to Apple 's headquarters -- and showed an early interest in electronics . As a teenager , he phoned William Hewlett , president of Hewlett-Packard , to request parts for a school project . He got them , along with an offer of a summer job at HP . Jobs dropped out of Oregon 's Reed College after one semester , although he returned to audit a class in calligraphy , which he says influenced Apple 's graceful , minimalist aesthetic . He quit one of his first jobs , designing video games for Atari , to backpack across India and take psychedelic drugs . Those experiences , Jobs said later , shaped his creative vision . "  You ca n't connect the dots looking forward ; you can only connect them looking backwards . So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future , " he told Stanford University graduates during a commencement speech in 2005 . "  You have to trust in something : your gut , destiny , life , karma , whatever . This approach has never let me down , and it has made all the difference in my life . " View a time line of Steve Jobs ' work While at HP , Jobs befriended Steve Wozniak , who impressed him with his skill at assembling electronic components . The two later joined a Silicon Valley computer hobbyists club , and when he was 21 , Jobs teamed with Wozniak and two other men to launch Apple Computer Inc. . It 's long been Silicon Valley legend : Jobs and Wozniak built their first commercial product , the Apple 1 , in Jobs ' parents ' garage in 1976 . Jobs sold his Volkswagen van to help finance the venture . The primitive computer , priced at $ 666.66 , had no keyboard or display , and customers had to assemble it themselves . The following year , Apple unveiled the Apple II computer at the inaugural West Coast Computer Faire . The machine was a hit , and the personal computing revolution was under way . Jobs was among the first computer engineers to recognize the appeal of the mouse and the graphical interface , which let users operate computers by clicking on images instead of writing text . Apple 's pioneering Macintosh computer launched in early 1984 with a now-iconic , Orwellian-themed Super Bowl ad . The boxy beige Macintosh sold well , but the demanding Jobs clashed frequently with colleagues , and in 1986 , he was ousted from Apple after a power struggle . Then came a 10-year hiatus during which he founded NeXT Computer , whose pricey , cube-shaped computer workstations never caught on with consumers . Jobs had more success when he bought Pixar Animation Studios from George Lucas before the company made it big with "  Toy Story . " Jobs brought the same marketing skill to Pixar that he became known for at Apple . His brief but emotional pitch for "  Finding Nemo , " for example , was a masterful bit of succinct storytelling . Share your memories and images of Steve Jobs In 1996 , Apple bought NeXT , returning Jobs to the then-struggling company he had co-founded . Within a year , he was running Apple again -- older and perhaps wiser but no less of a perfectionist . And in 2001 , he took the stage to introduce the original iPod , the little white device that transformed portable music and kick-started Apple 's furious comeback . Thus began one of the most remarkable second acts in the history of business . Over the next decade , Jobs wowed launch-event audiences , and consumers , with one game-changing hit after another : iTunes  2003  , the iPhone  2007  , the App Store  2008  , and the iPad  2010  . Review Jobs ' top moments as a showman Observers marveled at Jobs ' skills as a pitchman , his ability to inspire godlike devotion among Apple "  fanboys "  and scorn from PC fans  and his "  one more thing " surprise announcements . Time after time , he sold people on a product they did n't know they needed until he invented it . And all this on an official annual salary of $ 1 . He also built a reputation as a hard-driving , mercurial and sometimes difficult boss who oversaw almost every detail of Apple 's products and rejected prototypes that did n't meet his exacting standards . By the late 2000s , his once-renegade tech company , the David to Microsoft 's Goliath , was entrenched at the uppermost tier of American business . Apple now operates more than 300 retail stores in 11 countries . The company has sold more than 275 million iPods , 100 million iPhones and 25 million iPads worldwide . Jobs ' climb to the top was complete in summer 2011 , when Apple listed more cash reserves than the U.S. Treasury and even briefly surpassed Exxon Mobil as the world 's most valuable company . CNNMoney.com : Apple stock under Jobs But Jobs ' health problems sometimes cast a shadow over his company 's success . In 2004 , he announced to his employees that he was being treated for pancreatic cancer . He lost weight and appeared unusually gaunt at keynote speeches to Apple developers , spurring concerns about his health and fluctuations in the company 's stock price . One wire service accidentally published Jobs ' obituary . Jobs had a secret liver transplant in 2009 in Tennessee during a six-month medical leave of absence from Apple . He took another medical leave in January this year . Perhaps mindful of his legacy , he cooperated on his first authorized biography , scheduled to be published by Simon & Schuster in November . Jobs is survived by his wife of 20 years , Laurene , and four children , including one from a prior relationship . He always spoke with immense pride about what he and his engineers accomplished at Apple . "  Your work is going to fill a large part of your life , and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work . And the only way to do great work is to love what you do , " he told the Stanford grads in 2005 . "  If you have n't found it yet , keep looking . Do n't settle . As with all matters of the heart , you 'll know when you find it . And , like any great relationship , it just gets better and better as the years roll on . "	Jobs had battled cancer for years Jobs founded Apple when he was 21 He developed the concept of the personal computer and mouse He oversaw the launch of the iPod , iPhone , and iPad
CNN  -- Nestle Prepared Foods Co. on Tuesday announced a voluntary recall of a frozen spaghetti and meatballs dinner it manufacturers which may be contaminated with pieces of red plastic . The recall applies to packages of LEAN CUISINE  Simple Favorites Spaghetti with Meatballs frozen dinners that were manufactured during a one-hour period in October , according to a news release by the Solon , Ohio-based company . The production code on packages subject to the recall is 0298595519 P , the release stated . "  Nestle is taking this action after a few consumers reported they had found red plastic in the meatball portion of the entre , " the statement read . "  No injuries were reported by any of these consumers . " "  Thus far , the plastic complaints appear to be confined to a very short period of production , " the company stated . "  However , out of an abundance of caution , Nestle is recalling the entire hour code of that product . " The company stated that no other products were affected by the possible contamination . The company advised customer to check their freezers for the product and , if they find it , examine the gray "  proof of purchase " panel on the package 's right end flap under the ingredient statement . If the recalled product code is there , customers are advised to call 866606-8264 or e-mail leancuisine@casupport.com for further instructions .	Nestle recalls frozen spaghetti and meatballs dinner Recall of the product is voluntary , company states Production code on packages is 0298595519 P
CNN  -- Bicycles and airplanes might not seem like the greatest travel partners . Yet two wheels and two wings can co-exist in surprisingly beautiful ways . Consider the airport bike path , an increasingly popular feature at airports around the world . Some allow travelers to pedal right up to their plane , while others skirt airport perimeters , permitting cyclists a closeup view of the behemoths of the sky . Here 's a selection of world favorites . Suvarnabhumi Airport  Bangkok Cycling in the Thai capital 's infamous traffic is generally the preserve of the borderline suicidal . A different experience awaits with the newest of the world 's airport bike routes . At just more than the 15 miles long , the traffic-free loop circumnavigates Bangkok 's Suvarnabhumi Airport  sometimes referred to as Bangkok International Airport  . It 's free , though cyclists need to show ID for access . The smooth , green-tarmacked track was formerly part of an access perimeter road used during the airport 's construction about a decade ago . It 's now used by all sorts of riders , notably the rapid , sporty variety , who use it as a training route . This is n't the oddest sporting facility you 'll find at a Bangkok airport . The city 's older international hub , Don Mueang International Airport , has a Royal Thai Air Force golf course between its two runways . Anyone can play , but be prepared for your golf bag to be checked first for surface-to-air missiles . Really . Kastrup Airport  Copenhagen , Denmark Whatever Bangkok is to cyclists , the Danish capital is the opposite . Cycling is n't a hobby here , it 's a way of life . Throughout the city are miles of carefully planned , segregated bike lanes full of pedaling Danes . Given that , and the fact the city 's Kastrup Airport is just six or so miles from the center , it 's no surprise this is one of the world 's smoothest bike-to-plane experiences . There are a range of traffic-free bike lanes all the way from the city to airport terminal buildings , and you can leave your bike directly outside the airport , assuming there 's space  lots of airport employee ride to work  . That leaves the conundrum of transporting large baggage . Copenhagen cycling blogger Mikael Colville-Andersen has a solution : he 's been known to collect guests , bags and all , from the airport on a cargo bike , the voluminous , box-fronted machines common in the city . One caveat to all this bike joy is that it 's largely for the locals -- there is , as yet , no bike rental outlet at the airport . Lanzarote Airport  Canary Islands , Spain If you 've ever had the urge to see the belly of a plane operated by budget carrier Ryanair from a distance of about 20 meters but just did n't know how , here 's the answer . Lanzarote , one of the Canary Islands , a compact , volcanic smudge off the coast of northwest Africa , is already something of a draw for serious road cyclists with its lightly trafficked roads , idyllic scenery and perma-spring climate . There 's also a quiet , largely traffic-free bike lane along the coast from the main resort of Puerto del Carmen to the island 's quiet capital , Arrecife . Aside from passing beaches , bars and restaurants , it skirts Arrecife 's surprisingly busy seafront airport . Those in the know stop just beyond the fence at the tip of the southwest-facing runway . Takeoffs are exciting -- an increasingly loud roar that crescendos when a plane suddenly shoots overhead . Landings are better . On a clear day  and most days are clear  you can watch aircraft landing lights draw near for several minutes as the plane draws closer , finally just clearing the fence -- and you -- before landing . You know you do n't have to duck but you still might . Vancouver International Airport Vancouver 's busy international airport describes itself as "  committed " to helping more people ride to and from its location on a semi-detached island a little more than 10 miles from the city center . An official airport map has a range of cycling options , including cycle lanes adjoining roads and shared pathways , with no fewer than five sets of bike parking racks scattered between the terminals . If you arrive weary from a flight and decide you simply ca n't face a ride into the city , the airport 's rapid rail transit system happily transports bikes  apart from two hours during peak commuter times  . Manchester Airport  UK Manchester Airport , it 's fair to say , is n't on many list of the world 's great aviation hubs . But it is the UK 's third busiest airport , handling 20 million passengers a year . And it has a defunct Concorde on display . Far less known is that Manchester Airport -- located in the Cheshire countryside about 10 miles from the city center -- possesses an eight-mile orbital cycleway . This bike route is so close to the action it features a pair of tunnels passing under the twin runways . The route also takes in some lovely countryside adjoining the Styal Country Park , and a selection of pubs . It 's more often used for leisure riding and plane spotting than riding to catch flights , though some do . Peter Walker is a journalist based in the UK who regularly contributes to cycling publications . He once rode a bike most of the way from Sydney to London .	Manchester Airport has an orbital cycle path with a pair of tunnels passing beneath runways Bikers experience planes flying overhead on the southwest side of the Lanzarote airport in the Canary Islands Bangkok has a 15-mile bike path that loops around Suvarnabhumi Airport
LAKE WALES , Florida  CNN  -- Does jumping out of a plane show love ? For one family in Florida it does . Trevor Muir  left  , 23 ; Darcy Shepard , 18 ; Harriett Shepard , 94 ; and Dave Shepard , 74 , are ready to jump . Last Saturday , four generations of Darcy Shepard 's family went skydiving for her 18th birthday . The oldest jumper was Shepard 's 94-year-old great-grandmother , Harriett Shepard . Skydiving is becoming a Shepard family rite of passage . Two members of the family had jumped before -- including family matriarch Harriett . Harriett Shepard jumped three years ago , at age 91 , because she wanted to know what it felt like . She is an inspiration to her great-granddaughter . "  If she can do it at 91 , then I could , too , " Darcy says , explaining that she was n't allowed to jump three years ago because she had n't reached age 18 . As Darcy planned the adventure , her brother , cousins , father and grandfather decided to join her in skydiving . At first , the family invited 94-year-old Harriett to watch everyone skydive in central Florida . But Harriett , known to the family as "  Honeynun , " did n't want to watch . She wanted to jump . Watch Harriett and kin soar across the sky " Adventure is n't new to this bunch . In the past the family has gone scuba diving and hang gliding together . Jumping out of the plane were Harriett ; Darcy ; Harriett 's 74-year-old son Dave ; Dave 's 45-year-old son Dallas , who is Darcy 's dad ; two cousins ; a girlfriend ; and a future father-in-law . As she suited up , Harriett said she found it "  exciting to be doing this with the family . " The eight uncertified skydivers were trained and paired with tandem instructors at Florida Skydiving Center at the Lake Wales Airport . The center required Harriett to be cleared by a doctor prior to jumping . Florida Skydiving says Harriett Shepard is the oldest person to jump at the center . As jump time nears , Harriett is fearless . "  I 'm never scared up there , " she says . "  My husband and I had a plane . I 'm never afraid . " See photos of the family 's skydiving day " Great-grandson Trevor Muir , another of the jumpers , says he has water-skied , jumped on a trampoline and climbed giant tree forts with his great-grandmother . "  So what 's skydiving ? Just another notch in the pole , " says the 23-year-old Trevor . "  We 've done a lot of crazy things . " The plane , a DeHavilland Twin Otter , takes the group to an altitude of 14,000 feet . The rear door opens . Pilot Eric Weaver announces over the radio : "  Attention any traffic in the Lake Wales area . There will be skydiving over the Lake Wales Airport . " First to jump is 94-year-old Harriett , with her instructor David "  Pip " Perry . The skydivers free-fall at speeds between 120 and 150 mph before deploying their parachute . "  Honeynun " slowly floats to the ground , wearing her cozy buckle-up sandals that she feels are more comfortable than closed-toe shoes . After landing , Harriett -- who has battled skin cancer -- is more fearful of the sun than jumping from the plane . One skydiver after the other lands safely to fanfare from anxious family members on the ground . Eighteen-year-old Darcy is greeted with a chorus of "  Happy Birthday . " There are lots of high-fives , family photos and exclamations of "  awesome . " Darcy hugs her great-grandmom : "  Yay , Honeynun . " Darcy 's father , Dallas Shepard , deems it "  an incredible jump that was a lot of fun . " Dallas says that skydiving with his grandmother was "  kind of neat , just being able to do it with her -- but she is living life , and that 's the best part . " His father , Dave Shepard , calls it an experience he will remember for a long time . "  It was something special , where we had four generations . " Harriett Shepard confesses that her late husband would not be happy . "  He would have never let me do this , " she says . "  He took care of me -- that 's why I 'm this old . " Yet Harriett , who has lived a long and full life as an author , photographer and architect , is concerned about the publicity . "  She 's worried , " Dave Shepard says of his mom , "  that the only thing people will remember her for is jumping out of an airplane . "	Four generations , in age from 18 to 94 , jump out of plane at 14,000 feet Great-grandmother Harriett Shepard jumped once before -- at age 91 Jumpers included family members age 94 , 74 , 45 and 18 "  I 'm never scared up there , " great-grandmother says
CNN  -- Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper on Wednesday said a report on the Keystone XL pipeline was "  pretty definitive " in its assessment that it would not affect climate change , an issue President Barack Obama says must be part of the discussion . The comments by the two leaders came at a news conference following a summit of the leaders of North America , which brought together Harper , Obama and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Toluca , Mexico . The meeting between the two leaders came as the State Department is reviewing whether the proposed pipeline that would carry crude oil from Canada to refineries in Texas would be beneficial to the country . Obama said the State Department was reviewing the report and that it would be followed by a comment period . "  We 'll make a decision at that point , " he said . Harper and Obama , who have a good relationship , are deeply divided over the issue . And the division was on display at the summit as the two discussed the differences during the news conference . "  My views in favor of the project are very well-known . His views on the process are also very well-known , " Harper said . Obama reiterated his position that any impact on climate change caused by the pipeline must be considered . "  It has to be part of the discussion , " he said . The countering statements between Harper and Obama came the same day a Nebraska state judge voided Gov. Dave Heineman 's approval of the Keystone XL pipeline route . Lancaster County Judge Stephanie Stacy on Wednesday issued a ruling saying the decision on where the oil pipeline should be located needed to be made by the state 's Public Service Commission . Stacy called the current law giving the governor approval authority unconstitutional . The decision can be appealed , but it is if upheld , it would likely delay work on the proposed pipeline . A senior administration official said the decision may ultimately impact the project , but does n't likely affect its review . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Canada 's Prime Minister says a report on the pipeline is "  pretty definitive " NEW : President Obama says the State Department is reviewing the report State judge in Nebraska issues ruling that could delay work on the oil pipeline Judge says approval by governor is unconstitutional ; should go through state commission
Lonely Planet  -- The Bahamas . Seven hundred islands . Twenty-five hundred cays . Four days of vacation . What do you do ? From Nassau to the Out Islands , here 's our cheat sheet for the Bahamian best in exploring , imbibing and just plain loafing . 1 . Kayaking & kiteboarding , Exumas Hundreds of cays swoosh over a 120-mile span of crystal blue in the Exumas , a shimmering natural playground anchored by lonely coves and critter-filled reefs . Glide past palmettos and plovers near George Town or paddle to iguana-owned shores in Exuma Cays Land & Sea Park . Adrenaline junkies may prefer swooping the gusty banks by kiteboard . Lonely Planet : How to plan the perfect destination wedding Visit www.starfishexuma.com and www.outislandexplorers.com for kayaking info , www.exumakitesurfing.com for catching air . Find need-to-knows for Exuma Cays Land & Sea Park at www.exumapark.info . 2 . A goombay smash at Miss Emily 's , Abacos Miss Emily 's Blue Bee shines like a bright blue gumdrop near the center of New Plymouth , a gingerbread town clinging tight to windswept Green Turtle Cay on Abacos . For decades , yachties and day-trippers have drifted into the Blue Bee for jug-poured goombay smashes -- the drink was created here -- and the easygoing charm of Violet Smith , Miss Emily 's daughter . Tack your business card to the wall . Ferries depart the Green Turtle Ferry Dock near Treasure Cay  $ 15 roundtrip  . 3 . Diving with friends , Andros Divers swap stories and lies at Small Hope Bay Lodge , Andros , where the only thing better than peering over the Tongue of the Ocean is talking up the adventure with friends . And everyone 's a friend at this affable , family-owned retreat near Fresh Creek . With its home-cooked buffets , eco-friendly accommodations and laugh-filled happy hours , Small Hope serves up everything but the camp songs . 4 . Junkanoo , Nassau Christmas does n't leave Nassau on lullabies and sugarplums . It parades out of town in a jostling blast of whistles , horns , drums , and cowbells that whirls down Bay Street in the wee hours of Boxing Day . In this brightly costumed celebration , which traces its roots to West Africa and plantation-era religious rites , neighborhood teams compete for prizes . If you miss the parade on Boxing Day , there 's a second one on New Year 's Day and a warm-up in the summer . 5 . Stylish loafing , Harbour Island , Eleuthera Roving roosters and sputtering golf carts are part of the charm in Dunmore Town , a chichi Harbour Island village where Wall Streeters , supermodels and kitesurfers come for the shimmering pink sand beach . Beyond loafing , requirements are few : lunch at Sip Sip , cocktails at Rock House and mingling at Vic Hum , where the basketball court doubles as a dance floor . Lonely Planet : Culebra vs. Vieques -- Puerto Rico 's contrasting islands 6 . Aquaventure & aquariums , Paradise Island Got the grownup blues ? Hurtle back to your childhood with a 60-foot plunge , a bobbing river ride and a shark-encircled waterslide at the 141-acre Aquaventure at Atlantis , on New Providence . More than 20,000 exotic fish and sea creatures -- from orange Nemos to stately manta rays -- float past in the resort 's vast-but-walkable network of tanks and lagoons . 7 . Apres-snorkel at Nippers , Abacos Mother Nature smiled when she created Great Guana Cay , a breezy isle floating just a few kicks away from the fish-and-coral treasures of the Great Abaco Barrier Reef . Nippers Beach Bar & Grill adds a wink to that smile with cold Kaliks , beach-shack conviviality and free use of its snorkel gear . The Sunday afternoon pig roast is a legend . The ferry to Guana Cay  $ 25 roundtrip  docks beside the Conch Inn in Marsh Harbour . 8 . Pirate wanderings , Nassau Governor Woodes Rogers may have expelled Nassau 's pirates in 1718 , but that does n't mean they actually left . Engaging displays about parrots , peg legs and Blackbeard keep swabby legends alive at the Pirates of Nassau Museum while the 260-year-old Graycliff Hotel charms guests with swashbuckling tales of its buccaneer founder . A statue of Rogers stays vigilant from his pedestal in the middle of town . 9 . Smith 's Point Fish Fry , Grand Bahama Every taxi driver on the island knows the way to the Fish Fry , a Wednesday night tradition at Smith 's Point , east of Lucaya on Grand Bahama . Locals queue early for grouper , lobster and snapper , fried up Bahamian-style under a wooden shack by the sea . Trust us , everyone 's here or on the way . Stick around for after-dinner dancing . 10 . Friday-night jam at Elvina 's , Eleuthera First-timers always ask the same question : Where did all these people come from ? Elvina 's , a ramshackle roadside shack in lonely Gregory Town , lures 'em in from far and wide for short sets by native musicians and traveling pros . Who 's here ? Low-key locals , gregarious old salts , sun-baked surfers and , occasionally , Lenny Kravitz . Elvina 's should actually be number one , but we 're hiding it here out of selfishness . Lonely Planet : Top 10 glamorous A-list destinations  2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved .	The Bahamas features 700 islands and 2500 cays Make the most of your time and kayak , kiteboard , snorkel , dive or enjoy an aquaventure Take in the nightlife at Elvina 's Friday-night jam and enjoy the food at Smith 's Point Fish Fry
American architect Michael Graves has little patience for bad design . He also dislikes the ugly things he sees in hospitals . When he stayed at a rehabilitation center recovering from a rare , life-threatening infection , Graves eyed the magenta-and-green floral sheets on his bed . "  It 's far too ugly for me to die here , " he quipped in October at TEDMED , a conference about great ideas in health care . It got worse as he stayed at eight different hospitals and three rehabilitation centers adjusting to life in a wheelchair . "  They did n't make big mistakes , " Graves said about various designs he observed in hospitals and rehab centers . "  They just made the most frustrating mistakes you could ever imagine and made your cure more difficult . Your room should make it easier for the doctors and the aides and the patient . But instead it does just the opposite . " Graves is one of the most revered living architects and has won numerous prizes in his field . Critics have hailed him as one of the original American voices in architecture as he has designed hundreds of buildings for corporations , governments , foundations and universities such as the Team Disney building in Burbank , California . He has been praised for making buildings functional as well as aesthetically pleasing . For many Americans , Graves might be best known as the designer of affordable household items sold at Target . The Graves line includes practical items from tea kettles and drying racks to whimsical kitchen equipment like avocado scoopers and large bamboo salad tongs . His Target line came with a simple , idealistic premise : "  Good design should be affordable to all . " Now Graves wants to extend his philosophy to hospitals . He became familiar with healthcare facilities eight years ago after a freak infection left him paralyzed . Doctors still can not identify what caused the illness . In 2003 , Graves , in high demand , kept a hectic schedule . While in Europe on a business trip , he developed a cold he could n't shake . "  My immune system was pretty low because of stress , " he said . "  I was standing on a site in Geneva , where it was below 0 -LSB- degrees -RSB- , all day long , with a terrible cold . " The symptoms spread to his lower back . Graves returned to the states and went to work the next morning , but the crippling pain only got worse . He went to the hospital , "  and by the next morning , I was paralyzed from the chest down , " he said . Doctors could n't identify the infection . They have ruled out meningitis . Graves has been told about four other people in the United States have the same mystery illness . The condition is so rare that there is n't a name for it . The sinus infection travels to the brain , then to the spine , causing paralysis . "  My spinal cord is n't cut , " he explained . "  It looks like the bottom of a sunken ship . " This meant Graves , an avid golfer and traveler , could no longer enjoy long walks on the green and strolls on Italy 's cobblestone streets Throughout his recovery , Graves became frustrated with his hospitals and facilities . At a rehabilitation center , he wheeled himself into the bathroom one morning . When Graves reached for the sink faucet for hot water , the handle was out of reach . Toothpaste ? Also out of reach . Toothbrush ? Out of reach . So he looked for an outlet for his electric razor . The outlet was near the base of the wall near the floor -- also out of his reach from the wheelchair . The biggest aggravation , he said , was that the rehabilitation center was built for people in wheelchairs . "  When I went through some of the struggles that were caused by my room , I lost the self empowerment that I was supposedly gaining during the day in rehabilitation , " said Graves . "  I was no longer self-reliant , but dependent . This makes you feel terrible as a patient ... as a paraplegic . You 're feeling at the will of others . " He stayed at one glossy , new hospital with a four-story glass atrium and expansive lobbies . But that hospital 's patient rooms were so small that those in wheelchairs and hospital employees had a hard time maneuvering . "  All the money had been spent on the public spaces , " he said . "  The public spaces were glorious . I got to the patient room , these were the smallest patient rooms ever known to man . " Channeling all his frustration , Graves continued to sketch . "  Whether I was paralyzed or not , I would draw , because drawing for me is like playing the piano , " he said . "  You 've got to keep practicing , got to keep doing it . It 's not that you lose it , but you do n't draw as well if you do n't draw every day . " He started sketching better ways to design the hospital -- furniture , rooms , buildings . These sketches are becoming a reality as Graves ' company has teamed up with a hospital furnishing company called Stryker . The products became available in 2009 . Graves designed chairs with larger handles , so it 's easier for a person to hoist themselves to stand . A bedside cabinet has a rounded edge and two-way drawer to access items from both sides . Graves has employees of his company spend a week in wheelchairs to understand patients ' needs . "  I 'm impatient with getting it wrong , because if you spend the time and you use your intellect , you can get it . And there is no excuse for getting those patient rooms wrong time after time , " he said . Graves ' interest in architecture now extends to building better hospitals , facilities and home care environments . "  This is my life now , " he said . "  I had to give up golf , give up walking . I had to give up a lot of things , give up driving . It is n't so bad . "  I take on health care . That 's pretty good . I would n't have been a health care nut if it had n't been for my paralysis , so something good came from this . "	Award-winning architect Michael Graves stayed at 8 hospitals Graves in 2003 became ill with mysterious illness and was paralyzed Graves wants to fix poorly designed hospitals and furniture for patients
CNN  -- Before Christianity and Islam became the dominant religions of the island of Borneo , Animist beliefs dictated that when a person died , their spirit rose to the peak of Mount Kinabalu . At 4,095 meters above sea level , it 's one of the highest mountains in Southeast Asia . Today , UNESCO-listed Mount Kinabalu National Park is one of the most popular tourist attractions in the state of Sabah , in Malaysian Borneo , with visitors forced to book two to three months in advance to secure one of 196 daily allocated hiking permits . Though Sabah is developing at pace , villagers living at the foothills of Mount Kinabalu continue to perform Animist rituals to appease spirits residing at the cloud-ringed peak so no harm comes to those who scale it . The above images were taken on the rock-strewn 8.7-kilometer trail to the summit with Evan Conrad , a guide with Amazing Borneo Tours who first climbed Mount Kinabalu 20 years ago . "  I 've climbed the mountains maybe 100 times , " Conrad said . "  But I never get bored of it . Every time I see something new that excites me , and the view at sunrise is never , ever the same . " More information is available from the Mount Kinabalu Official Climb & Booking Information Centre , which says March to August are the best months to visit as it 's the dry season . There are multiple options for those wanting to hit the summit , ranging from from one-day to two-night climbs . The pros recommend beginners do the three-day , two-night option . It allows them to acclimatize to the altitude . Only the super fit should try to get to the summit in a day . Guides and permits are required by law . Getting there From Malaysia 's capital , Kuala Lumpur , a number of flights to Sabah capital Kota Kinabalu are available . The flight time is about two and a half hours . The drive from Kota Kinabalu to Mount Kinabalu takes about two hours . CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However , CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy . Ian Lloyd Neubauer is a Sydney-based freelance journalist specializing in adventure travel . He has reported extensively across East Asia and the South Pacific and is the author of two travel novels , Getafix  2004  and Maquis  2006  .	UNESCO-listed Mount Kinabalu is one of Malaysian Borneo 's most popular tourist attractions Mount Kinabalu climbers are required by law to have a guide and hiking permit Dry season of March to August are the best months to climb
Buckets of snow falling in Boston . Ice cracking trees and bringing down power lines in the Northeast . Temperatures as much as 40 degrees below normal in the High Plains . Another day , another storm , in what 's proving to be a wet , wild and nasty winter . From the Midwest to New England , more than 120 million people are yet again bundling up against cold , ice , snow or all three , according to CNN meteorologists . Some are taking it in stride . "  Only perk of going to school in Boston : SNOW DAYSSSSSSSS , " Facebook user Carla Torres posted . Others were ready for it to be all over . One item frequently shared Wednesday over social media was a picture of an angry-looking baby , with the words "  What do you mean more snow ... " superimposed on it . Here 's a look at what winter 's bringing around the country : Who 's getting hit worst ? For snow and ice , parts of the Midwest and Northeast in a band running from Illinois east all the way to Maine . For cold temperatures , it 's the nation 's midsection , from Montana east to Wisconsin all the way south to northern Texas . What 's the forecast ? It 's going to be awfully cold in the Plains and High Plains -- as much as 40 degrees below average in some places , according to the National Weather Service . In Helena , Montana , for instance , Wednesday 's high is forecast to be 3 degrees below zero . That compares with 2 degrees on Tuesday and the average high of 36 . Snowy , icy conditions are expected from eastern Missouri into the Mid-Atlantic states and New England . Up to 2 inches of snow per hour may fall around Boston , with as much as a foot of snow predicted in parts of Massachusetts . Who 's being affected ? In New York , where heavy snows are taxing salt reserves , Gov. Andrew Cuomo declared an emergency for the entire state and shut down Interstate 84 . "  New Yorkers in affected regions should stay off the roads , check on their neighbors and loved ones , and stay inside their homes until the worst of the storm has passed , " he said in a statement . Transportation regulators waived rest rules for salt-truck drivers to get remaining salt stockpiles moved to where they are needed : New York City and Long Island . In Pennsylvania , Villanova University announced that it would be closed Thursday and Friday after the school 's power provider projected an extended outage in the area . And in Kansas , authorities announced a third weather-related death from the storm : a 58-year-old man died overnight after a traffic accident Tuesday , the Kansas Highway Patrol said . In Boston , the weather seemed little nuisance . CNN iReporter Jenifer Schwartz , visiting from California , marveled at how the city handled the storm . "  My flight home today is one of the many that was canceled , but getting a cab this morning to get to meetings around the city did not prove to be too much of a problem , " she said . Relative Boston newcomer and native Southerner Josh Parsons was just trying to process it all . "  Since this is my first winter in the North , the snow still feels like a novelty to me , " he told CNN on Wednesday . "  I enjoy seeing it falling and enjoy walking around in it right after the fresh snow . Having said that , I do not like some of the things that come along with the snow . " Such as ? Salt , slush and the simple fact all the snow just wo n't go away . "  The roads get cleared , the sidewalks get cleared , but then there are just mounds or brown , dirty ice piled up everywhere , " he said . Meanwhile , in Michigan , two Delta Air Lines aircraft got stuck in the snow in unrelated incidents at Detroit Metro Airport . This comes a day after a Southwest Airlines plane hit a snowbank as it was taxiing to a gate in Kansas City , Missouri , according to airline spokeswoman Whitney Eichinger . Nationwide , airlines had canceled nearly 2,800 flights , according to flight tracking website Flightaware.com . Most-affected among major airports include New Jersey 's Newark Liberty International , New York 's LaGuardia and Boston Logan International . The Federal Aviation Administration also reported significant delays at airports in Chicago , Philadelphia and Charlotte , North Carolina . Why all the severe weather this winter ? Boston is about 8 inches ahead of its normal snowfall pace for the year , the National Weather Service said . In New York , the number is 23 inches . It 's not unusual or unprecedented , Radley Horton , a climate scientist with Columbia University , told CNN 's New Day . "  If we look at winters in the past , we can get this kind of setup with a very wavy jet stream . Colder air spills into one side  while  the other side of the country has extremely warm weather , " he said . But climate change -- particularly the way melting Arctic sea ice may be affecting jet stream patterns -- could be increasing the frequency and severity of such wild weather rides , he said . "  There 's always going to be variability , " Horton said . "  There 's always going to be these waves in the jet stream . But it does seem , according to some research , as we lose that sea ice in the Arctic , one possible surprise could be more cold air spilling south , more warm air going north . "	Third storm-related death announced in Kansas Nearly 1 million homes and businesses are without power in four states Governor declares an emergency in New York Airlines have canceled more than 2,700 flights
A series of documents released Monday revealed more details of the investigation into what happened the day a Georgia toddler died in a sweltering car -- and whether his father abandoned him on purpose . The documents , which include applications for search warrants and eight actual search warrants in the case against Justin Ross Harris , seek the medical records of Harris and his late son , Cooper Harris ; a DVD ; a 2-gigabyte memory card ; a 32GB thumb drive ; and an external hard drive . While Harris remains in jail charged with murder , a slew of recent claims have intensified the case . Among the most shocking allegations : Harris messaged six women and exchanged explicit texts from work while his 22-month-old was dying , a Cobb County detective testified at a hearing Thursday . Harris ' attorney repeatedly objected to Detective Phil Stoddard 's testimony claiming that Harris sexted the women , one of whom was underage at the time . But the judge allowed the testimony . Police say Harris , 33 , left his toddler , Cooper , strapped into a car seat under a baking sun for seven hours while he went to work on June 18 . Records show that the mercury topped 92 that day , and police say the temperature was 88 degrees when the boy was pronounced dead in a parking lot not far from his father 's workplace . Cobb County Chief Magistrate Frank Cox found probable cause to move forward on murder and child cruelty charges . "  For him to enter the car ... when the child had been dead and rigor mortis had set in , and the testimony is the stench in the car was overwhelming at that point in time , that he -- in spite of that -- got in the car and drove it for some distance before he took any action to check on the welfare of his child , I find there is probable cause for the two charges contained in the warrant , " Cox told a packed courtroom . The judge denied bail for Harris , who has pleaded not guilty . In addition to the charges he faces in connection with his son 's death , Harris may also be charged with felony sexual exploitation of a minor and misdemeanor illegal contact with a minor , Stoddard said . Harris allegedly sent explicit photos , including one of an erect penis , to an underage female . 5 questions about mother in toddler 's hot-car death Internet searches The detective also testified about Internet searches that could raise eyebrows given the context of the case . Before his son 's death , Harris had visited a Reddit page called "  child-free " and read four articles , Stoddard said . He also allegedly searched how to survive in prison . Among the other details police have released is that Harris and his wife , Leanna Harris , told them they looked up how hot a car needed to be to kill a child . Five days before Cooper died , Ross Harris twice viewed a sort of homemade public service announcement in which a veterinarian demonstrates on video the dangers of leaving someone or something inside a hot car . Leanna Harris told police that she had recently seen a story on a state initiative aimed at reminding people not to leave children in cars and that it was a fear of hers , Stoddard said . Death highlights key role of digital evidence Ross Harris "  stated that he recently researched , through the Internet , child deaths inside vehicles and what temperature it needs to be for that to occur , " police have said , adding that Harris told investigators "  he was fearful that this could happen . " During questioning , Leanna Harris "  made similar statements regarding researching in car deaths and how it occurs , " according to police . The time frame for the alleged research remains unclear . ' I felt his pain ; I even wept ' Thursday 's probable cause hearing was expected to last 90 minutes ; it stretched for some three hours . A good chunk of that time was spent discussing how Ross Harris acted after he pulled into a shopping center asking for assistance with his son . Witnesses told police they heard "  squealing tires , and the vehicle came to a stop , " Stoddard testified . Harris got out of the car yelling , "  Oh , my God , what have I done ? " Stoddard said . Harris then stood there with a blank look on his face , the detective said . When a witness told Harris his son needed CPR , Harris went to the other side of his vehicle and made a phone call , apparently to tell someone his son was dead , a witness told police , according to Stoddard . Harris never called 911 , and when an officer told him to get off his phone , he refused and even said , "  F *** you " before an officer took his phone and handcuffed him , the detective said . He also said that Harris told police he could n't reach anyone on his telephone , but phone records show that Harris made three calls after he discovered his son 's body -- including one with his employer that lasted six minutes , Stoddard said . Who is Justin Ross Harris ? But witness Leonard Madden offered a different version of what happened . Madden and an acquaintance were leaving a restaurant when they noticed a commotion and approached within 3 or 4 feet of a clearly distraught Harris . "  He was crying . He was hollering , " Madden testified , recounting the father saying , "  Oh , my God ! Oh , my God , my son is dead ! " "  I felt his pain ; I even wept , " Madden said . Strange behaviors According to Stoddard , Harris made statements that police felt were strange , including "  I ca n't believe this is happening to me " and "  I 'll be charged with a felony . " "  It was all about him , " Stoddard said . " ` Why am I being punished for this ? ' It continued . It was all very one-sided . " The detective said Harris talked about losing his job . He testified that messages between the Harrises indicate the two were having financial problems . Ross Harris had recently been passed over for a promotion , and the couple had two insurance policies on Cooper , one for $ 2,000 and one for $ 25,000 , the detective said . At another point in the interview room , Stoddard said , Leanna Harris asked her husband about what he had said to police . "  She asked him -- she had him sit down , and he starts going through this . And she looks at him , and she 's like , ` Well , did you say too much ? ' " the detective testified . ` Nothing was weird ' While prosecutors painted Ross Harris as a terrible , in fact criminal , father , the defense called witnesses who testified on his behalf . James Alex Hall , who worked with Ross Harris and had run a Web development company with him for the past two or three months , said Harris did n't act out of the ordinary on the day his son died . "  I would say normal as you could be . Nothing stuck out . Nothing was weird , " Hall said . ` That pain ... never goes away ' Accident or murder in hot car death ? Read the warrant  PDF Mom of toddler who died in car ` absolutely not ' angry with husband Toddler 's dad researched hot-car deaths of children online , officers said in warrant Police : Georgia mom also searched Internet on child deaths in cars 5 key questions	Justin Ross Harris is charged with murder in the death of his 22-month-old son Police : Harris was sexting with several women the day his child died in a hot car Harris has pleaded not guilty and remains in jail after a judge denied bail "  Oh , my God , what have I done ? " Harris yelled , according to a witness
CNN  -- The first weekend of the Winter Olympics brought us moments of humor and technical problems from the Opening Ceremony , a skater 's reaction that went viral and the sparkling debut of a sport where "  stoked " and "  dude " are part of a winning news conference . That face Oh , how we love figure skating , a sport with subjective scores . And just like gymnastics -- another subjective scoring sport -- two years ago , it 's given us what should become an Olympic Internet meme . On Saturday , U.S. skater Ashley Wagner went to the kiss-and-cry area to await her score in the women 's short program of the team competition . She obviously expected a higher score than she received . A picture of her pouty face after the score was announced is drawing as much attention as the one that showed gymnast McKayla Maroney 's reaction after she got a silver medal in 2012 . But if you watch videos of Wagner 's reaction , she also seemed to use her potty mouth , saying something with bull in it . "  I know roughly when I skate a good program where the score should end up . So to score that low was very disappointing for me , " Wagner said . Wagner 's the early favorite to become the meme star of the Games . She might have to compete with American bobsledder Johnny Quinn and one smashed-out bathroom door . Bobsledder to front desk : Yeah , I need a new door Smashing debut Step aside for a second , curling . It looks like slopestyle is a new fan favorite . Especially in the United States , which took gold in both the men 's and women 's events . Jamie Anderson and Sage Kotsenburg turned many viewers into fans with their winning performances . At its first Games , the sport lit up the first two days of Sochi . In a very unscientific poll , CNN users said the women 's final was more exciting than the men 's , which left a lot of people pretty stoked , including the surprise winner . Incredibly , Sage  you ca n't call a snowboarder by his last name , can you ?  won while breaking out a new trick . After all , what did he have to lose ? Besides a gold medal . "  I just kind of do random stuff . I had no idea I 'd do a 1620  four-and-a-half rotation spin  until three minutes before I dropped . I invented that  the self-named ` Holy Crail '  a few months ago , and it was sick to do it on the first try . " Kotsenburg dude looks like Spicoli In the women 's final Jamie was no surprise . She dominated this season , according to Bleacher Report . How did she prepare for the big day ? "  Last night I was so nervous I did n't eat . I put on the meditation music , burnt some sage and did some yoga , " she said . We 're guessing there were n't too many other people in the athletes ' village doing that . Viral moments from the Opening Ceremony Things do n't always go according to script at the Opening Ceremony . Four years ago in Vancouver , a really cool lighting of the cauldron went awry when one of the four arms did n't rise from the floor of the stadium . On Friday night , five snowflake lights were supposed to morph into the five Olympics rings . OK , a minor glitch in what was otherwise a terrific show . Nothing to send someone to Siberia over . Or kill . So do n't believe it when you see the headline in your Facebook news feed : "  Man Responsible For Olympic Ring Mishap Found Dead In Sochi . " The person who posted it and wrote , "  Is this true ? " did n't take much time to check the Internet to see if something they posted on the Internet was true . It was satire from the Daily Currant , which also once ran the headline : "  Marijuana Overdoses Kill 37 In Colorado on First Day of Legalization . " In Russia , viewers saw the snowflakes work What was true at the Opening Ceremony was the picture that came with the caption , "  Russian Police Choir Performs ` Get Lucky ' at Opening Ceremony . " Yes , Daft Punk 's catchy "  Get Lucky . " Yes , the Russian police have a choir . Yes , many of them have perplexed looks on their faces . Family tradition for downhill skier There are now two Olympic medals in his family after Austria 's Matthias Mayer picked the perfect moment to win his first major downhill . In upsetting pre-race favorites Bode Miller of the United States and world downhill champion Aksel Lund Svindal of Norway , the 23-year-old skier added his gold to his father Helmut 's super-G silver in 1988 . "  This is unbelievable . I thought maybe in a few years I could dream of this sort of achievement . It was really cool and my family will be excited , " he said . For Svindal , the disappointment is huge . "  It is pretty much the worst place to be , " he said . Miller , at 36 the old man of alpine skiing , finished eighth in his last Olympic downhill . He seemed to be in good shape until he hit a gate , Bleacher Report said . "  I 'm not really sure what went wrong , " he said . "  The visibility is different today and that 's the only disadvantage I had . But it 's something I face all the time . If the visibility is really good , I can ski my best ; if it is n't , I ca n't . I wanted to ski  the course  as hard as I could and not really back off , but it requires a lot of tactics today , which I did n't apply . " He still has the super combined on Friday -- the event he won in 2010 -- for a chance at a sixth career medal . The host nation comes to life And a 15-year-old shall lead them . Russia picked up four medals on Sunday , sparked by figure skater Julia Lipnitskaia , who crushed the competition in the women 's free skate program of the team event , a day after winning the short program . And her team smoked the competition to win the host nation 's first gold medal of the Games . The win pleased No. 1 Russia fan , President Vladimir Putin , but he reminded the team he hoped for more medals . "  He congratulated us at the boards , which was great . He said , ` Well done , but do n't relax , you still have the individual events to come , ' " Ekaterina Bobrova said . He was so happy , he almost managed a smile , reported CNN 's Eoghan Macguire . Russia also won medals in the women 's biathlon sprint  silver  , men 's singles luge  silver  and women 's 3,000-meter speed skating event . Back to the ice , there 's a bit of bad news for the other women in the individual competition . "  Now I fully know the ice and the arena I can relax a bit and skate better in the individual event than I did today , " Lipnitskaia said after the team event . "  I will work hard on the free program after the small issues today . " You read that right : as good as she was Sunday , she thinks she will be better .	Ashley Wagner appeared to say a bad word after her score was announced Slopestyle , dude , is pretty cool , and we 're not just sayin ' that because Americans won Daft Punk song gets the choir treatment in Opening Ceremony Vladimir Putin almost looks like he had fun watching Russia win first gold medal
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Palestinian negotiators put forward proposals on security and borders during talks with Israeli representatives in Jordan , Palestinian media reported Tuesday . Israel 's special envoy , attorney Yitzhak Molcho , and chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat met in Amman with representatives of the Middle East Quartet -- made up of the United States , the European Union , the United Nations and Russia -- in an effort to relaunch negotiations after more than a year of deadlock . Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh told reporters that "  serious and constructive talks " had taken place , the official Palestinian Authority news agency WAFA said . He said the talks focused on the two-state solution , according to the Jordanian state news agency Petra . The Israelis said they would consider the Palestinian proposals , and the two sides agreed to meet again in Jordan , the agency cited Judeh as saying . However , no significant breakthrough was made , Judeh acknowledged . "  The gap is wide between the two sides on all issues , " he is quoted as saying by WAFA . "  The issues are complicated and we do not expect to resolve them in a day or two . " Petra quoted Judeh as saying , "  We do n't want to raise the expectations about this meeting and we do n't want to underestimate its importance in the same time . " Peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians fell apart more than a year ago over disagreements on the issue of Israeli settlements in the West Bank . In September , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas made a bid for the United Nations to recognize a Palestinian state , a move Israel called premature without direct talks to address its long-standing security concerns . Filling the vacuum created by the removal of Egypt 's former President Hosni Mubarak , Jordan 's King Abdullah has taken a more active role in trying to bridge the gulf between Israelis and Palestinians . In November , King Abdullah made a rare visit to the Palestinian political capital of Ramallah in the West Bank , followed by a meeting in Amman a week later with Israeli President Shimon Peres . The United States has voiced its support for the new initiative . "  We are hopeful that this direct exchange can help move us forward on the pathway proposed by the Quartet , " Hillary Clinton , the U.S. secretary of state , said Sunday night in a statement . "  The status quo is not sustainable and the parties must act boldly to advance the cause of peace . " But while both sides thanked the Jordanian government for its role in bringing about the meeting , few expected any serious breakthroughs . Speaking to Voice of Palestine radio beforehand , Erakat said the meeting would not constitute the resumption of negotiations , but rather would be one that could lead to the restarting of talks . Former Quartet participant and American diplomat Robert Danin wrote Sunday for the Council on Foreign Relations that , while the resumption of contacts between the two sides would be a positive development , it "  inadvertently makes the situation on the ground riskier . " "  Abbas is returning to talks without attaining his long-standing demand that negotiations resume with an Israeli settlement freeze , " Danin wrote . "  Unless he can demonstrate quickly that talks produce tangible benefits for the Palestinians , he will feel compelled to break them off . " This , Danin said , could add impetus to Abbas concluding ongoing talks with Hamas about forming a Palestinian unity government -- an idea vehemently opposed by representatives of Israel and the United States , who consider the Islamist group a terrorist organization . Sami Abu Zuhri , a spokesman for Hamas , said Monday he was surprised by the meetings . He said Hamas considered them a repetition of a failed initiative and called on the Palestinian Authority to cancel the meeting Tuesday with Israeli representatives . Hamas spokesman Fawzi Barhoum told CNN that the meeting of the Palestinians with the Israeli occupying forces "  is a mockery . " Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev told CNN last week that "  if Mahmoud Abbas walks toward Hamas , he is walking away from peace . " CNN 's Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	NEW : Hamas spokesman calls the meeting "  a mockery " Negotiators from both sides meet with representatives from the Middle East Quartet The talks fell apart more than a year ago over Israeli settlements in the West Bank Jordan is hosting the meeting in an effort to relaunch stalled peace talks
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Congestion in Zimbabwe 's prisons is set to ease a bit after President Robert Mugabe acceded to pleas by prison authorities to pardon more than 1,500 prisoners . Zimbabwe 's President Robert Mugabe has agreed to pardon 1,500 prisoners because of congestion . Mugabe granted the amnesty last month , but the Zimbabwe Prison Service is still identifying 1,544 prisoners to release . Zimbabwe 's prisons are congested because the crime rate has escalated due to the country 's economic collapse , prison officials have said . A senior justice ministry official told journalists Wednesday that Mugabe 's clemency would benefit all convicted female prisoners and juveniles , but excludes criminals facing serious charges including rape or any sexual offenses , carjacking , conspiracy , armed robbery , murder and stock theft . "  As a short-term relief option to try and contain some of these challenges seriously and negatively impacting on the effective and efficient administration of prisons , a proposal to have a general amnesty was granted to inmates , " said David Mangota , the Justice Ministry permanent secretary , of Mugabe 's decision . The country 's 42 prisons have a capacity for 13,000 inmates but are currently holding 17,000 . As a result , the Prison Service has not been able to supply adequate rations to inmates . In April , a documentary showed half-naked , skeletal prisoners wasting away from hunger and diseases in some facilities . Prison officials said they are also strapped for cash , causing "  challenges " in fulfilling basic needs for inmates , which include food , clothing and bedding , toiletries and transport , among others . One of the country 's largest detention facilities , Khami Prison , has had its water cut off because the Prison Service has n't paid its water bills , lawyers complained Wednesday . Sources said those bills now total more that U.S. $ 230,000 . "  Offenders incarcerated should be treated humanely and with dignity in matters of health care , personal hygiene , sanitary , ablution requirements and general living conditions , " said Josphat Tshuma , president of the Law Society of Zimbabwe . Khami Prison is located about 500 kilometers  310 miles  southwest of the Zimbabwean capital of Harare and holds more than 2,000 inmates . The water disconnection raises the possibility that diseases such as cholera could break out , the Law Society said . Last year , a number of prisoners died due to various diseases related to lack of water , hunger and inhuman and unhygienic conditions , the group charged .	Zimbabwe President agrees to pardon over 1,500 prisoners to ease congestion Zimbabwe 's 42 prisons have capacity for 13,000 inmates but currently hold 17,000 Adequate rations not available to all prisoners and some have become emaciated
CNN  -- In a mega moment for the man called Megatron , Detroit Lions wide receiver Calvin Johnson broke Jerry Rice 's single-season record for receiving yards Saturday night against the Atlanta Falcons . Johnson set the record in the final minutes of the fourth quarter , snagging a pass from Matthew Stafford for a 26-yard gain . After the play , Johnson brought the ball to the Detroit sideline to give to his father , Calvin Johnson Sr. , while the crowd erupted in a roaring ovation . "  I do n't think I said anything to my dad when I gave him the ball , " Johnson said after the game . "  I just gave him a hug . But when I think back on it , it 's a special moment . " Entering Saturday 's game in Detroit , Johnson needed 182 receiving yards to surpass Rice , who had a total of 1,848 yards in the 1995 season when he was with the San Francisco 49ers . Johnson finished the night with 225 yards , and now has 1,892 on the season . Rice congratulated Johnson with an in-stadium message on the Ford Field video board . Johnson said he knew when he caught the pass that he broke the record . "  The guys were telling me on the sideline I 'm like 4 or 5 yards away , " Johnson said . "  So it was just like one reception and I 'm there , so I 'm like , ` shoot , let 's go ahead and knock this thing out . ' " Johnson broke two other NFL records Saturday . He had more than 100 yards receiving for the eighth straight game , passing Charley Henningan in 1961 and Michael Irvin in 1995 . Johnson set another league mark with 10 receptions for four consecutive games . Johnson had 11 receptions Saturday . Following the game , Stafford said if someone had told him at the beginning of the year that someone would break Rice 's record this season , he would point to his star wide receiver . "  Nobody goes about their business as professionally as he does , " Stafford said . "  We 're lucky to have a guy like that . " Despite the history made by Johnson , the Lions lost 31-18 , their seventh straight defeat . They are in last place in the NFC . The Falcons , meanwhile , clinched home-field advantage through the NFC playoffs with their win Saturday night . Johnson now will try to reach a number that was once unthinkable : 2,000 receiving yards in a single season . The Lions finish the season at home against the Chicago Bears . But for now , despite the Lions ' loss , Johnson can still put the record in perspective . "  It 's an accomplishment that took a lot of work , so you ca n't take that thing away , " he said .	Johnson set the new record at 1,892 receiving yards in one season The Lions wide receiver gained 225 receiving yards against the Atlanta Falcons He surpassed Jerry Rice 's old record of 1,848 , which has stood since 1995 After the play , Johnson went to the sideline to give his father the ball and a hug
Washington  CNN  -- Two people without invitations crashed President Obama 's first White House state dinner , the U.S. Secret Service said Wednesday . The Secret Service confirmed a Washington Post report that the couple who crashed Tuesday night 's dinner were Tareq and Michaele Salahi . The Post described the couple as polo-playing socialites from northern Virginia . A Secret Service checkpoint "  did not follow proper procedures " to determine if the two were on the guest list for the dinner , said Edwin M. Donovan , a Secret Service special agent , in a statement . Playing down any security threat , Donovan 's statement said : "  It is important to note that these individuals went through magnetometers and other levels of security , as did all guests attending the dinner . " The incident represents a security breach for the White House at the Obama administration 's biggest social event to date . More than 300 guests , including Cabinet members , diplomats and Hollywood celebrities , attended the dinner in honor of visiting Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . "  The Secret Service has tasked our Office of Professional Responsibility with conducting a comprehensive review of the incident , " Donovan 's statement said . Video footage of the dinner showed the couple walking past journalists into the event . On Wednesday , Michaele Salahi 's Facebook page included photos of the couple at the dinner , including two pictures with Vice President Joe Biden and another with Rahm Emanuel , the White House chief of staff , who was identified on the page as "  Ron " Emanuel . The couple 's names did not appear on the guest list distributed Tuesday by the White House . In an e-mail to CNN , Mahogany Jones , who identified herself as a publicist for the Salahis , said the couple had "  full clearance to attend the state dinner . " Fran Townsend , a homeland security adviser to former President George W. Bush , said the incident likely involved a breakdown at the "  perimeter " security for the event , which is the first checkpoint that guests encounter . Lying to the Secret Service could bring a felony charge , Townsend said .	Secret Service : Tareq and Michaele Salahi attended state dinner without invitations Michaele Salahi 's Facebook page shows pictures of couple with vice president Couple are polo-playing socialites from northern Virginia , Washington Post reports
CNN  -- Last week , in her opinion piece titled "  GOP 's slick Black History ads fall short , miss the point , " Andra Gillespie praised the Republican National Committee 's recent Black History Month ads as a positive development , but she criticized us because those ads "  were not enough . " She 's right . They 're not enough , and we never suggested they were . In fact , the ads , titled "  Honoring Our Past , Building the Future , " are just part of our Black History Month tribute , which in turn is just part of our year-round , nonstop engagement efforts with black voters and communities across the country . Following the release of the RNC 's Growth and Opportunity Project report last spring , the RNC , under Chairman Reince Priebus ' leadership , set out to do things differently in the way it engages with minority voters . The need was especially urgent in my community , the black community . It 's there , in the black community , where we have the most ground to make up . In less than a year , the RNC has made strides to restart the conversation and build a presence in black communities across the country . As Priebus noted at our second annual Black Republican Trailblazer Awards , we 've hired black engagement state directors "  from Michigan to Louisiana , Virginia to Colorado and in between . " The RNC is hiring people who are from the community to work in the community , so they can get to know people and build relationships . These efforts are critical because people , regardless of background , do n't always care what you know until they know that you care . Growing the party and recruiting the next generation of black Republicans require that we build relationships in places we have n't always been . Now , I 'll be the first to admit that even that is not enough . But it 's a big start in a short period of time and a major step in the right direction . The RNC recognizes that no matter how significant our efforts , we ca n't do it alone , but we do want to set an example for our fellow Republicans . In November , Priebus traveled to Detroit and hosted a round-table discussion with black business and community leaders at which he shared the party 's vision for reviving our urban centers . The response was phenomenal . Many Republicans have stepped up to take similar actions , including House Majority Leader Eric Cantor and Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan and Sens. Rand Paul , Rob Portman and Marco Rubio . They 've shown they 're serious about growing the party and addressing voters ' concerns through policy proposals , listening sessions and visits to communities across the county . We 're happy to see that these Republicans realize the importance of engagement efforts not only for the sake of our party but for the future of our country . Unfortunately , when our efforts get discussed , it seems like they are always viewed only through the lens of political tactics . But the very reason that Republicans seek to hold office is because we know that our principles , if properly applied , will improve lives by empowering people and communities . This includes offering parents a choice as to where their children go to school and fighting for adults who need jobs now . So while I appreciate Andra bringing attention to our efforts , I hope she 'll take the time to consider the breadth and depth of our engagement efforts in the black community . I hope she was n't ignoring them for the sake of diminishing our work to score political points . Regardless , the hard work continues , because no matter what , it 's never enough . As long as there are voters who we have n't heard from or that have n't heard from us , there 's work to do . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Orlando Watson .	Orlando Watson says Republicans stepping up outreach to the black community National committee 's ad campaign is not enough , he says ; we 're doing much more Watson says RNC is hiring black engagement state directors across the country
Baghdad  CNN  -- At least eight people were wounded Saturday in the Iraqi city of Samarra during clashes between security forces and angry mourners accompanying the caskets of two people killed in protests the day before , according to local police . Also , two protesters critically wounded in Friday protests in Tikrit died on Saturday , police said . And a teenaged boy died Friday night during protests in Kubaisa , in Anbar province , police said Saturday . With those deaths , the number of those reported killed in protests across the country rose to 13 , according to official accounts . Since early February , thousands of protesters have participated in a series of demonstrations across the country , apparently inspired by popular uprisings in Egypt and Tunisia . Their protests are against corruption , restrictions on freedom of expression , unemployment and poor government services . In Saturday 's incident in Samarra , protesters defied curfew to attend the funerals of two people killed during protests there , chanting "  God is great " and "  Down with the government . " Security forces battled some of the protesters and later opened fire to disperse the crowd , wounding at least eight , police said . The death in Kubaisa , a small town about 140 kilometers west of Baghdad , came after security forces opened fire to disperse protesters late Friday night . Later , demonstrators attacked the city council building and set it on fire , police said . Two protesters critically injured during Friday protests in the Iraqi city of Tikrit died on Saturday , according to police there , bringing to four the number of people who died as the result of clashes with security forces . In Basra , mourners also held a funeral procession Saturday for a protester killed the day before . Ali Ghaim al-Maliki , the head of Basra 's security council , told reporters Saturday that at least 71 people were wounded in Friday 's clashes -- including 51 security forces and 20 anti-government protesters . Most of the injuries in the city , located about 550 kilometers  342 miles  south of Baghdad , occurred during fighting with stones and batons , he said . In several cities , police said security forces fired at crowds of protesters to disperse them . In Tikrit , police said two protesters were killed and 17 others were wounded during the clashes . In Samarra , two people were killed and seven protesters were injured , police said . Police said five other demonstrators were killed in the cities of Mosul and Hawijah . Unrest also flared in Baghdad , Falluja , Ramadi and in two towns in the province of Salaheddin . In a statement released Friday , Human Rights Watch called on Iraqi authorities to investigate the deaths of demonstrators . "  The Iraqi authorities need to rein in their security forces and account for every single killing , " said Tom Porteous , the organization 's deputy program director . "  The security forces need to use the maximum possible restraint in dealing with protesters . " The country 's defense ministry has not issued a response to the reported deaths . Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki had urged citizens not to participate in Friday 's planned massive protests , claiming former members of Saddam Hussein 's regime and terrorists were plotting to take advantage of the demonstrations to create chaos in the country . The Iraqi government was formed in December , nine months after an inconclusive national election . This is the second elected government in the nearly eight years after a U.S.-led invasion toppled Hussein .	NEW : Eight people are wounded during funerals for two killed in Samarra the day before NEW : Two more protesters wounded Friday in Tikrit have died , police said NEW : In all , police report deaths of 13 demonstrators across Iraq Human Rights Watch calls on Iraq 's government to investigate
CERN , Switzerland  CNN  -- Scientists Wednesday applauded as one of the most ambitious experiments ever conceived got successfully underway , with protons being fired around a 27-kilometer  17-mile  tunnel deep beneath the border of France and Switzerland in an attempt to unlock the secrets of the universe . Scientists applaud during the switch on operation of the Large Hadron Collider . The Large Hadron Collider -- a $ 9 billion particle accelerator designed to simulate conditions of the Big Bang that created the physical Universe -- was switched on at 0732 GMT to cheers and applause from experts gathered to witness the event . While observers were left nonplussed by the anticlimactic flashing dots on a TV screen that signalled the machine 's successful test run , among teams of scientists involved around the world there were jubilant celebrations and popping champagne corks . In the coming months , the collider is expected to begin smashing particles into each other by sending two beams of protons around the tunnel in opposite directions . Skeptics , who claim that the experiment could lead to the creation of a black hole capable of swallowing the planet , failed in a legal bid to halt the project at CERN , the European Organization for Nuclear Research . Others have branded it a colossal waste of cash , draining resources from its multinational collaborators that could have been spent on scientific research with more tangible benefits to mankind . Sound off : What do you think of the experiment ? French President Nicolas Sarkozy hailed the project as a major achievement for Europe . "  The repercussions of this scientific investment without precedent in the history of humanity will be essential not only for the intimate knowledge of our universe , but also for the direct applications in fields as varied as intensive calculation or even medicine , " he said . Watch as Big Bang experiment gets underway " The collider will operate at higher energies and intensities in the next year , potentially generating enough data to make a discovery by 2009 , experts say . They say the experiment has the potential to confirm theories that physicists have been working on for decades including the possible existence of extra dimensions . They also hope to find a theoretical particle called the Higgs boson -- sometimes referred to as the "  God particle , " which has never been detected , but would help explain why matter has mass . The collider will recreate the conditions of less than a millionth of a second after the Big Bang , when there was a hot "  soup " of tiny particles called quarks and gluons , to look at how the universe evolved , said John Harris , U.S. coordinator for ALICE , a huge detector specialized to analyze that question . Since this is exploratory science , the collider may uncover surprises that contradict prevailing theories , but which are just as interesting , said Joseph Lykken , theoretical physicist at the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory . "  When Columbus sails west , he thought he was going to find something . He did n't find what he thought he was going to find , but he did find something interesting , " said Lykken , who works on the Compact Muon Solenoid , one of six experiments inside the collider complex . Why should the layperson care about this particular exploration ? Years ago , when electrons were first identified , no one knew what they were good for , but they have since transformed our entire economy , said Howard Gordon , deputy research program manager for the collider 's ATLAS experiment . "  The transformative effect of this research will be to understand the world we live in much better , " said Gordon , at Brookhaven National Laboratory . "  It 's important for just who we are , what we are . " Fears have emerged that the collider could produce black holes that could suck up anything around them -- including the whole Earth . Such fears prompted legal actions in the U.S. and Europe to halt the operation of the Large Hadron Collider , alleging safety concerns regarding black holes and other phenomena that could theoretically emerge . Although physicists acknowledge that the collider could , in theory , create small black holes , they say they do not pose any risk . A study released Friday by CERN scientists explains that any black hole created would be tiny , and would not have enough energy to stick around very long before dissolving . Five collider collaborators who did not pen the report independently told CNN there would be no danger from potential black holes . John Huth , who works on the collider 's ATLAS experiment , called such fears "  baloney " in a recent interview , and noted that in normal physics , even if the black hole were stable , it could just pass through the Earth without being detected or without interacting at all . "  The gravitational force is so weak that you 'd have to wait many , many , many , many , many lifetimes of the universe before one of these things could -LSB- get -RSB- big enough to even get close to being a problem , " said Huth , professor of physics at Harvard University . CNN 's Elizabeth Landau contributed to this story	Startup has been eagerly awaited by 9,000 physicists around the world It 's the largest particle accelerator in the world and costs about $ 9 billion Lawsuits allege it could generate black holes that could eat the Earth
CNN  -- At his version of an ICU unit , Jaret Daniels pays extraordinary attention to his young charges . Each of the creatures is kept in its own plastic cup , isolated to prevent the spread of disease . Not just any food will do . In their climate-controlled environment , the Schaus swallowtail caterpillars munch voraciously on wild lime . Daniels , an entomologist at the University of Florida , is raising seven immature butterflies belonging to a species that is critically endangered and just "  hanging on . " The pressure , Daniels said , is enough to keep him up at night . He and others are trying to save an insect that is on the brink of extinction and in need of human intervention . The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service issued an emergency directive in 2012 to collect females in Biscayne National Park and raise their eggs . While no females were collected last year , officials announced this week that an adult female was snared on the park 's Elliott Key last month , along with six larvae . The female produced one egg . Federal and state officials say the Schaus ' hopes might depend on a breeding program that may help safeguard a portion of the remaining population . "  I know what I am doing , " Daniels told CNN on Tuesday . "  I am going to do the best that I can do . " The Schaus swallowtail , contained to a relatively small area in southeastern Florida , in 1976 was listed under the Endangered Species Act as threatened . It reached the endangered status eight years later . The colorful butterfly 's numbers have dropped precipitously over the decades . Captive breeding was tried in the 1980s and 1990s , boosting the Schaus numbers for a time . That did n't last long . During a 2011 survey , there were only 41 sightings , mostly on Elliott Key . That number dropped to four last year . Habitat destruction , drought , hurricanes and pesticide use outside Biscayne National Park were likely contributing factors to the insect 's demise , experts say . But a glimmer of hope broke out this spring in the park south of Miami when seven adult butterflies were spotted . Marissa Streifel , a research technician , collected the adult female on May 21 . Daniels had a hard time hearing her during a static-laden phone call . "  I recall her saying , ` We got one . Woo-hoo ! ' " Daniels said . Streifel used a net to capture the female , a challenge in the dense hammock vegetation . "  If you know how to use it well , the chance of injuring the butterfly is extremely low , " Daniels said . After four days in an enclosure , the female was released . Because of heavy rain and poor weather conditions , she produced only one viable egg , the size of the head of a pin . It is one of the larvae in the University of Florida laboratory in Gainesville . But in a razor-thin scenario , that 's certainly better than none . Schaus swallowtails generally live only two weeks in the wild , perhaps 30 to 40 days in captivity . They reproduce only once a year . After a 10 - to 11-month pupa stage , butterflies will emerge bearing black-brown wings with yellow markings and a broad rusty patch beneath the hind wing . They feature aquamarine spots . Experts hope all seven in the lab will survive to adulthood . Elsa Alvear , chief of resource management at Biscayne National Park , told CNN they "  may make a difference between extinction and nonextinction . " "  This species used to be found in a lot of places in South Florida and the Keys , " she said . "  We want to get numbers up and see it restored to more than just one island . " The search for more females is continuing this summer . Researchers hope they can net a female that will produce a couple hundred eggs , providing a huge boost to the desperate situation . "  If she is productive , you can ramp up that population pretty quickly , " said Daniels . Of the seven butterflies , one is in the pupa phase and another is close to it . Once they complete that lengthy stage , they emerge , show their spectacular colors and take flight . That 's expected to take place next spring , unless officials decide to simulate spring rains to bring them out early . Daniels said he is cautiously optimistic about the latest developments , although the Schaus swallowtail faces daunting challenges . There is no flexibility if weather or other factors turn against the insect . "  Even a minor disturbance can deal a death blow to this organism , " Daniels said . Alvear said volunteers at the national park are helping to plant wild lime and torchwood , both food sources for the Schaus swallowtail . "  It is a beautiful butterfly , and it would be a shame to lose this , " she said .	Researchers are caring for caterpillars of endangered species The Schaus swallowtail butterfly has declined in numbers It lives only in a small area within South Florida , mostly on small islands University of Florida entomologist is caring for caterpillars
New York  CNN  -- Boston police say they 've apprehended a Red Sox employee who absconded earlier with the costume of the team 's beloved mascot , Wally the Green Monster . The man has not been charged , police said Friday . He was picked up while heading toward downtown Boston with what 's described as a furry creature with a permanent grin , extremely large head , and green and orange hair , wearing a number 97 uniform . Earlier Friday , police put out a bulletin on Twitter asking the public for help . "  Missing : Wally the Green Monster , If seen please call Boston Police , " authorities tweeted . Police tweet : "  Wally found ! " Police said they canvassed "  all establishments the monster is known to frequent , " before detectives uncovered his whereabouts . "  It was just a big misunderstanding , " said Zineb Curran , a Boston Red Sox spokeswoman . "  A staff member took it out early for some scheduled appearances and then decided to walk around Boston with the costume . " "  We just were n't aware of it , " she said . "  And Wally is safe . " Named after the 37-foot green wall in left field at Fenway Park , Wally made his first official appearance to fans in 1997 . The team is currently in last place in the American League East , even though it is only a game below .500 , with 49 wins and 50 losses . The BoSox are set to square off against their arch rival , the New York Yankees , at 7:05 p.m. ET Friday . Police release photos of suspect in kidnapping of Cal Ripken 's mother	"  It was just a big misunderstanding , " said Zineb Curran , a Boston Red Sox spokeswoman Earlier Friday , Boston police put out a bulletin on Twitter asking the public for help Wally is named after the 37-foot green wall in left field of Fenway Park The Red Sox are currently in last place in the American League East
CNN  -- It 's a case that has become emblematic of the risks involved in international adoption . The case involves a now-6-year-old girl , two countries  the United States and Guatemala  , and two families who , in addition to th girl , have been deeply affected by what a Guatemala woman describes as her daughter 's kidnapping five years ago . Loyda Rodriguez , a 26-year-old Guatemalan mother , says she was arriving home in Guatemala City in November of 2006 with her three children when a woman grabbed her then-2-year-old daughter and got into a waiting taxi . After months of posting flyers , visiting orphanages and talking to strangers , Rodriguez says she found her daughter by staging a hunger strike and pressuring Guatemalan authorities to show her international adoption records . As she was patiently reviewing about 2,000 files in 2008 , the mother 's heart sank . Her little girl had been offered for adoption under a false name and adopted by an American family in Liberty , Missouri . The mother-daughter relationship was confirmed through DNA -- a DNA sample is taken from every Guatemalan child adopted internationally , and the sample from the girl matched Rodriguez . After a three-year legal case , a Guatemalan judge issued a ruling that is expected to test the limits of international law : an American couple must return the girl they adopted to her biological mother in the country of her birth . When Rodriguez learned about the decision in late July , she broke down in tears . For the first time the judge was giving her the possibility of seeing her daughter again . Would she remember her after such a long time ? "  I have fought so hard for this . It 's been almost five years and this surprising ruling makes me very happy , " Rodriguez said . She also had a message for the American couple who adopted her daughter . "  All I want to tell them is to return my girl . I do n't have anything against them because perhaps they took my daughter without knowing that she had been stolen from me . That 's why I want to ask them to return her to me because I have been suffering for five years , " Rodriguez said . The American couple apparently had no idea that the girl they were adopting was kidnapped . They have n't made any public statements . But Peter Mirijanian , a spokesman for the adoptive parents , issued a written statement saying : "  The family will continue to advocate for the safety and best interests of their legally adopted child . They remain committed to protecting their daughter from additional trauma as they pursue the truth of her past through appropriate legal channels . " Eight people are behind bars in Guatemala in connection with this case , including the judge who allowed the adoption to take place . He is accused of taking bribes in exchange for expediting cases . All eight individuals have trials pending . Usha Smerdon , vice president of Ethica , a nonprofit corporation that monitors adoption practices throughout the world , called the case of the Guatemalan girl "  an absolute tragedy . " Speaking to CNN affiliate KCTV in Missouri , Smerdon added that "  if something like this is what it takes for there to be real reform and oversight over the international adoption process , that portion of it is a good result ; but I would never wish this on anyone . " Claudia Maria Hernandez , assistant director of a Guatemalan non-governmental organization known as Survivors Foundation , says this case should send a message to authorities in charge of monitoring adoptions throughout the world . "  More than anything , " Hernandez says , "  this case is about a child 's right to live with their true family , the parents ' right to raise their own biological children which in this case was clearly violated , and the respect to the rule of law . " The ruling issued by the Guatemalan judge says the girl must be returned to her biological parents within two months . Advocates for the biological family in Guatemala say that because this could be considered a human trafficking case under international law , if the girl is not returned , Interpol could be asked to assist in taking the girl back to her native country . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Tuesday she had seen reports on the case . Her only comment was that the situation "  speaks to the complicated nature of these foreign adoption cases . "	Loyda Rodriguez says her 2-year-old daughter was kidnapped The girl was grabbed by a stranger in 2006 , Rodriquez says She "  found " her daughter among international adoption files A judge has ruled a Missouri couple must return their adopted daughter to Guatemala
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- From the uncertainty that followed the breakup of the Soviet Union , a newly invigorated Russia has emerged , displaying unprecedented political , military and economic confidence that has , at times , put it on a collision course with the West . A resurgent Russia has been flexing its military , political and economic muscles . With no sign of strongman Vladimir Putin taking a political backseat , Russia looks set to continue its bid to regain superpower status , providing that its citizens can endure the crippling impact of the global financial crisis and shrug off fears that their newfound freedoms , outlook and relative prosperity will be short-lived . Here CNN Moscow Correspondent Matthew Chance explains what has driven Russia 's re-emergence , how this has affected its role on the world stage , and what can be expected from the country in the future . Q : What has been the driving factor behind Russia 's resurgence ? A : Affluence was behind Russia 's resurgence , but there 's a real sense in which the global financial crisis has checked Russia 's aspirations of a return to superpower status . Before the downturn , the booming price of commodities , such as gas and oil , of which Russia is big supplier , fueled prosperity and gave Russians a confidence they had n't previously enjoyed . It also saw the Kremlin being taken much more seriously on the international stage , inserting itself into Middle East peace talks , the Iranian nuclear issue and a host of other issues . It has also encouraged Russia to assert its presence in what is known as the near-abroad -- the former Soviet states . Many of those states want to move towards NATO and Europe , but Russia wants to keep them within its sphere of influence . The obvious example of this is Russia 's war last year with Georgia . After Georgia announced its intentions to sign up to NATO , Russia launched a military offensive much to the dismay of the international community . Q : Is there a change of atmosphere in Russia these days ; are people more optimistic about the future than they were 10 or 15 years ago ? A : Despite the financial crisis , people enjoy a lot more freedom and a lot more prosperity than they did 15 years ago , but there 's a deep-seated insecurity among Russians that it could all -- the money , the freedom -- come to an end . Watching their currency collapse by 30 percent over the last year , unemployment soar 10 percent and industrial output plunge has made Russians very uncomfortable about the future . At the moment people do n't see an end to the hardship . At the same time , the Kremlin has spent a lot of its hard currency softening the blow of the crisis , bolstering pensions and the welfare system , and that 's been appreciated by many Russians too . Q : Is there much rose-tinted reminiscing about the past ? A : There is on lots of levels , certainly among Russia 's pensioners , who gave their lives to the cause of communism , fought in World War II against Nazi Germany and perhaps enjoyed a privileged position in Soviet society . There 's a great sense of loss about the collapse and nostalgia about what were seen as the good things : strength , order and global power . The younger Russians did n't have that experience of the Soviet Union . Nevertheless , icons of that period such as former Soviet leader Josef Stalin are still viewed with affection by many people in part because of what he represented : Russia as a world power . The idea that he oversaw brutal oppression is very much ignored . Q : Are there any changes in the way Russia sees the rest of the world ? A : Yes , not least because in the Soviet period people did n't get to travel overseas and foreigners always viewed Russia with suspicion . This has started to change noticeably . Russians are more visibly internationally . They go on holiday all over the world : Turkey , Thailand , the South of France , the Caribbean . They are much more assimilated into the global village than they ever were during the Soviet period . This has broadened people 's minds here and made them much more tolerant in their global outlook in general . Q : Will Vladimir Putin remain key to Russia 's future ? A : There is very little doubt in the mind of most Russians that Vladimir Putin remains not only a central figure in the country 's decision making , but is perhaps the main decision maker . A recent opinion poll by an independent Levada-Center showed that 24 percent of Russians consider Putin to have the real power , compared to just 12 percent for his hand-picked successor , President Dmitry Medvedev . As for the future , in the past year since Medvedev was sworn in , there is very little sign he has stamped his mark . It still looks to domestic and international audiences that Putin is calling the shots . At this point it 's hard to see any evidence that the situation is going to change .	Booming oil and gas prices have fueled Russia 's recent prosperity Heavy impact of financial crisis has weighed heavily on superpower aspirations No signs of Vladimir Putin taking a backseat role in Russia 's future
A Swiss couple -- kidnapped in July while traveling in Pakistan 's volatile southwestern Balochistan province -- are free , Pakistani military and Taliban officials said Thursday . "  The Swiss ambassador in Islamabad is in direct contact with them and has ascertained that they are uninjured and that , given the circumstances , they are doing well , " the Swiss Department of Foreign Affairs said in a statement . "  They are currently in a safe place in Pakistan . They will return to Switzerland as soon as possible . " The couple -- Daniela Widmer and David Och -- were taken by helicopter from the Miranshah region to Peshawar and then to Islamabad , the statement said , adding that Pakistani authorities informed the Swiss Embassy in Islamabad of the development . The husband and wife said they escaped from the Taliban upon reaching a military checkpoint near the city of Miranshah in North Waziristan , a tribal region in northwest Pakistan , said Athar Abbas , a Pakistani military spokesman . But a spokesman for the Pakistan Taliban , Ihsanullah Ihsan , said the group released the couple after a council of elders was convened . The two were grabbed at gunpoint in July while traveling in the town of Loralai , senior provincial administration official Sohail Rehman Baloch said at the time . Locals witnessed the kidnapping of the pair , who had been headed to the city of Quetta , Baloch said . The couple entered the province from Dera Ghazi Khan in the Punjab District and registered at a police checkpoint , Baloch said .	The husband and wife say they escaped from the Taliban , the Pakistan military says The two were kidnapped in July The Pakistan Taliban say the group released the couple
CNN  -- A radical leftist terror group has claimed responsibility for Friday 's suicide bombing at the U.S. Embassy in Ankara , Turkey , which killed a Turkish guard and wounded a television journalist . In a statement on its website , the Revolutionary People 's Liberation Party , or DHKP-C , said "  E. Alisan Sanli has become a martyr after accomplishing the action on the American Embassy in Ankara . " The governor 's office on Saturday confirmed his identity through forensic testing . Authorities have since detained three people for questioning over the attack and continue to investigate , according to the semi-official Anadolu new agency . "  We are going to build the future with sacrifices , " said the militant group , which denounced U.S. foreign policy and criticized Turkey for its Western ties in a lengthy and at times rambling statement . Sanli received bomb-making training somewhere in Europe in the mid-1990s , according to Hasan Selim Ozertem , a security expert at the International Strategic Research Organization in Ankara . Turkish officials say that as a result of counterterrorism operations on Turkish soil , DHKP-C -- often described as having a Marxist-Leninist philosophy -- became increasingly active among the Turkish diaspora in Europe . Sanli returned to Turkey in 1997 and was subsequently involved in attacks on the Istanbul police headquarters and senior military officials using anti-tank weapons . After being arrested , Sanli went on a lengthy hunger strike and was released from jail in 2002 because of a neurological disorder . The blast killed spurred security clampdowns at diplomatic facilities in Turkey , plus messages of condolences and solidarity . Turkish Prime Minster Recep Tayyip Erdogan called it a strike "  against the peace and welfare of our country . " The violence reverberated well beyond Turkey 's borders , especially in the nation whose embassy was targeted . The spotlight on U.S. diplomatic installations was already intense after violence last September in Egypt , Tunisia and Libya , where Ambassador Christopher Stevens was one of four Americans killed in Benghazi . A Cold War dynamic in Turkish attack CNN 's Ivan Watson , Tim Lister and Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	Officials confirm attacker 's identity through forensic testing Terror group claims responsibility and criticizes Turkey for its ties to the West "  E. Alisan Sanli has become a martyr , " the group 's website says Authorities have detained three people for questioning over the attack , semi-official media reports
Buenos Aires , Argentina  CNN  -- An Argentine court this week granted an injunction that blocks internet giant Google from "  suggesting " searches that lead to certain sites that have been deemed anti-Semitic , and removes the sites from the search engine 's index . The injunction , filed by DAIA , an umbrella organization of Argentina 's Jewish community , also prohibits Google from advertising on the stated websites . The injunction names 76 sites that the organization considers "  highly discriminatory . " Google 's suggested searches are a Google algorithm that offers search terms similar to the one the user appears to be typing in . "  The common denominator on these sites is the incitement of hate and the call to violence , " DAIA said in a statement . "  In none of these cases are there discussions or criticisms from the academic , technological , political or philosophical perspectives . " Google representatives in the United States and Argentina did not immediately respond to calls for comment . Argentina has the largest Jewish population in Latin America . The Jewish community there numbers more than 250,000 , with the majority residing in the capital , Buenos Aires . The ruling notes that restrictions on freedom of speech and censorship is illegal under the Argentine constitution , but also notes that the constitution protects people from discrimination . As such , the judge cited previous cases in Argentina that establish that in some restricted cases , it is permissible to prevent the diffusion of certain publications if they infringe on someone 's personal rights . Judge Carlos Molina Portela concluded that "  the terms mentioned  in the lawsuit  as well as the results obtained through ` suggested searches ' could be described as discriminatory acts and/or at least , incitement and/or encouragement for discrimination . " According to DAIA , the suggested search complaint focused on 13 terms that led to websites that are anti-Semitic , some of which deny that the Holocaust took place . The group did not disclose the 13 terms in question , nor the names of the websites that were blocked . In a statement , the group said that by suggesting these websites , Google is "  inducing and directing traffic to sites with offensive and illegal content . " In Argentina , there have been previous cases in which individuals have sued to have certain websites removed from Google 's index , citing invasion of privacy , said Robert Faris , research director for the Berkman Center for Internet and Society at Harvard . The court actions in Argentina appear to view Google more as a publisher of information than as an intermediary , he said . "  It seems to reflect a misunderstanding of how the internet works and how search engines work , " he said . Cynthia Wong , director of the Global Internet Freedom Project at the Washington-based Center for Democracy & Technology , said the Argentine court 's move was part of a "  problematic trend " on the part of many governments . "  At the end of the day , enlisting companies to become greater gatekeepers on content online really does shrink the range of speech that we can access . ... It 's dangerous to try to shut down speech , because you do n't get that kind of robust public debate about what should or should not be acceptable in a democratic society , " she said . While restrictions on the internet are usually associated with countries such as China or Iran , it is not uncommon for other nations to try to impose some limits on it . Thailand , for example , asked Google to remove YouTube videos that showed the Thai king , Bhumibol Adulyadej , with feet near his head . In Thai culture , it 's considered extremely offensive for anyone 's feet to be near someone 's head . A national law bans such representations , and Google agreed not to show such videos within Thailand , although they are still available elsewhere in the world . Germany bans neo-Nazi content , and Google has agreed to remove such sites from its Google.de search engine in that country . Turkey , meanwhile , blocks YouTube because the company refused to take down all potentially offensive videos about Ataturk , the Turkish political hero . "  It 's a slippery slope . I do n't think that the people of Argentina are harmed by the inability to see anti-Semitic content , but I think that the best answer is counter-speech , "  said Ryan Calo , a researcher at the Stanford Center for Internet and Society . He noted that Google , faced with anti-Semitic search results in the United States , responded by posting an ad with a link to a statement that includes a link to information from the Anti-Defamation League . "  If you recently used Google to search for the word ` Jew , ' you may have seen results that were very disturbing . We assure you that the views expressed by the sites in your results are not in any way endorsed by Google , " Google 's policy statement says . It goes on to note that citizens and organizations have urged the company to remove links or adjust search results . "  Although Google reserves the right to address such requests individually , Google views the comprehensiveness of our search results as an extremely important priority , " the statement says . "  Accordingly , we do not remove a page from our search results simply because its content is unpopular or because we receive complaints concerning it . " CNN 's Mariano Castillo and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Internet freedom advocates criticize the move , calling it a "  slippery slope " An organization representing the Jewish community filed an injunction A judge granted the injunction this week It affects certain results and websites that have been deemed anti-Semitic
CNN  -- Less than a year before it stages the World Cup , Brazil is once again in the news for the wrong reasons . Brazilian football players protested Wednesday and said they could take more action -- possibly "  drastic measures " -- if their confederation does n't make changes to the country 's overcrowded calendar . They want , among other things , more vacation time , longer preseasons , fewer games and a bigger voice in decision making . In some matches , the players crossed their arms before the opening whistle . In others they did so after the whistle blew . And in some instances , they passed the ball from one end of the field to the other after the referees threatened to give players yellow cards . Also in a game , players from both sides unfurled a banner in the middle of the pitch while the national anthem played . It read : "  For a football that is better for everyone . " In a statement , Common Sense F.C. -- not a club but a movement symbolizing the changes the players want -- said on its Facebook page : "  If there are attempts to prevent players from expressing themselves in a peaceful way , drastic measures will be taken . "  We expect an official position followed by moves that will benefit Brazilian football . " According to Brazilian media , the future measures could include players crossing their arms for a longer period of time , wearing red clown noses or even halting a game . There was no official reaction on Friday , which is a national holiday in Brazil . The protests came two weeks after a former professional football player was found decapitated in Rio de Janeiro .	Brazilian footballers cross their arms in games to protest against their confederation The players want changes made , including more vacation time and fewer games If their demands are n't met , they say "  drastic measures " could be taken The protests are the latest black eye for the country that hosts next year 's World Cup
Beijing  CNN  -- Chinese state media frequently treats Japan 's atrocities of the past like breaking news of today . But lately , the steady flow of war history-related news has become a flood . Amid fast-deteriorating Sino-Japanese relations , China 's State Archives Administration recently re-opened case files from a Chinese military tribunal in 1956 and launched a dedicated website to publish summaries of confessions by 45 convicted Japanese war criminals . Among the horrifying accounts posted online by Chinese authorities are confessions of raping countless women , burying people alive and performing human vivisections in China -- all handwritten by captured Japanese army officers after World War II and long sealed in the state archives in Beijing . The Chinese government 's target is clear . "  Since the Abe cabinet came into power in Japan , " begins the online introduction to the confessions , referring to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe . "  It has openly confused right and wrong to mislead the public , in an attempt to whitewash the history of external aggression and colonialism . " Tense seas China and Japan have a dark history of conflict , including the nine-year Second Sino-Japanese War during which the contentious Nanjing Massacre took place from December 13 , 1937 to March 1 , 1938 . Japanese soldiers committed mass murders and forced Chinese and Korean women into sexual slavery during the occupation of Nanjing . But it was a more recent flare-up , say analysts , which brought the historic grievances back out into the open . Relations between China and Japan became strained in 2012 when Japan claimed islands in the East China Sea . China then declared in November 2013 an Air Defense Identification Zone over the East China Sea , imposing air traffic restrictions over the disputed area . China 's moves have made Japan and other nations in South East Asia nervous over it 's expanding military and more assertive foreign policy , accusing China of trying to change the status quo . A right turn In December , Abe further stoked tensions by visiting the Yasukuni Shrine where Japanese soldiers are honored -- including wartime leaders convicted as class-A war criminals . Abe became the first sitting prime minister to make the provocative visit since Junichiro Koizumi went in 2006 . Six months later , Abe declared a more liberal interpretation of Japan 's post-war pacifist constitution , essentially lifting a decades-long ban that prevented its military from fighting abroad . The following month , China released the Japanese wartime confessions online . Beijing also marked the anniversary of the Second Sino-Japanese War with an elaborate commemoration ceremony at Lugou Bridge , the site of the first showdown . "  China is responding to Prime Minister Abe 's attempts to rehabilitate the discredited wartime past . It 's trying to underscore the fact that Japan suffers from selective amnesia , " says Jeff Kingston , an expert in Asian regional tensions and a professor at Temple University , Japan Campus . Global strategy For long-time China watchers , this back-and-forth may be escalating at an alarming rate , but it is nothing new . "  Since the early 1990s , the communist party has been trying to stoke anti-Japanese patriotism among the Chinese people mostly because they wanted to regain some of the legitimacy they lost in the Tiananmen Square massacre , " says Kingston , referring to the bloody military crackdown on Chinese student demonstrators in 1989 . For China 's president , the nationalism stoked by anti-Japanese sentiment , could become a powerful tool . "  Nationalism is a very potent force in China right now . Xi is strengthening nationalistic sentiment to unify the country behind him and reinforce his own position as leader , " says Frank Ching , a political commentator . Beyond fomenting patriotism at home , China is also reminding its international partners that Japan has n't come clean about its past . Kingston explains that Japan 's imperialist history "  is Abe 's Achilles ' heel . " By highlighting Abe 's right-wing inclinations , China can drive a wedge between the U.S. and Japan , while pulling South Korea -- another nation that suffers wartime scars inflicted by Japan -- closer . China appears to be using it 's propaganda push to isolate Japan from its allies . Resolution But China 's heavy-handed propaganda may backfire in the end because foreign governments may see it in a more cynical light . "  If they press their case more quietly , it would be more effective , " says Kingston . It may also lead the nations further away from resolution . "  These battles over history undermine trust and limit the room for diplomacy . It 's very difficult for both sides to find a face-saving way to climb down , " says Kingston . Abe has repeatedly called for face-to-face talks with his Chinese counterpart , President Xi Jinping . "  The door for dialogue is always open on my side , and I hope China has the same attitude , " the Japanese leader said . But analysts are not hopeful for talks , as both nations wait for the other to make the first move . "  The Chinese side has made it clear that they will not talk to Abe unless he takes action to show that his attitude has changed , but I do n't see Abe doing that in the absence of any commitment from China for a meeting first , " says Ching . All eyes are now on the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation summit coming up in November during which Abe has invited Xi to a meeting on the sidelines . The two leaders have never met since both came to power in 2012 .	Sino-Japanese relations fast deteriorating amid tensions over disputed islands in the East China Sea Analysts say China and Japan are engaged in a war of propaganda and rhetoric Jeff Kingston : "  These battles over history undermine trust and limit the room for diplomacy "
Ever dreamed of renting out an entire island for your family and friends ? Sir Richard Branson 's private home in the British Virgin Islands is on the rental market again . The price tag ? A mere $ 60,000 per night for 30 adults and up to six children . Branson 's Great House on Necker Island was struck by lightning during a storm in August 2011 and destroyed in the resulting fire . Oscar-winning actress Kate Winslet made headlines by rescuing Branson 's elderly mother from the flames . The island has been accessible to renters since the fire , but with more limited capacity . 7 amazing private island rentals "  Necker Island has been my home for more than 30 years , and for me it is the most beautiful place in the world , " Branson said in a statement . "  The brand new Great House is the heart of the island and I 'm thrilled with the results . " The two-year reconstruction was modeled after the original design . The Great House , where guests gather for meals and socializing , has a master suite , eight additional bedrooms and a bunk room that sleeps up to six children . There are also six individual one-bedroom Bali Houses across the island . 10 ultimate U.S. adventures Included in the price tag are your accommodations , all meals and drinks  both non-alcoholic and alcoholic  , boat transfers from Virgin Gorda or Beef Island  Tortola  airports , water sports , tennis and a freshwater pool and large Jacuzzi . If you do n't want to hire the entire island , designated "  Celebration Weeks " allow guests to book individual rooms hotel-style for seven nights  and sometimes fewer , depending on availability  .	Sir Richard Branson 's rebuilt island home offers stunning views of the Caribbean The house was destroyed in a 2011 fire caused by lightning The island can sleep up to 30 adults and six children
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- Hurricane Igor maintained its Category 4 status Monday afternoon , still huffing and puffing top sustained winds of 150 mp  240 kph  although tracking maps show the storm remaining in the open Atlantic , far from land . Behind it , Tropical Storm Julia strengthened and could become a hurricane with in the next day or so , the National Hurricane Center said . Julia , too , was moving away from land , although a tropical storm warning was in effect for the southern Cape Verde islands as the storm moved past . Igor , which started as a tropical storm on Saturday , rapidly intensified from a Category 2 to a Category 4 storm Sunday , according to the National Hurricane Center . Forecasters described it as "  large and powerful " but said it would likely drop to a Category 3 storm by the end of the week . As of 5 p.m. ET Monday , Igor 's center was about 830 miles  1,335 kilometers  east of the northern Leeward Islands . It was moving west at about 10 mph  17 kph  . Hurricane-force winds extended up to 50 miles  85 kilometers  from Igor 's center , and tropical storm-force winds can be felt up to 195 miles  315 kilometers  outward , according to the Hurricane Center . As of Sunday evening , no coastal watches or warnings were in effect , and the storm is expected to turn to the west-northwest by Tuesday . While the storm is expected to stay north of the Caribbean islands , the islands could experience some wind and rain because of Igor 's size , forecasters said . Meanwhile , in the far eastern Atlantic , Tropical Storm Julia formed Sunday night . As of 5 p.m. ET Monday , its center was about 210 miles  335 kilometers  west of the southernmost Cape Verde Islands , but the storm was pulling away from the islands . The storm 's maximum sustained winds were at 50 mph  85 kph  . It was moving west-northwest at 14 mph  22 kph  . Additional rainfall of 1 to 2 inches are possible over the northwest portion of the Cape Verde Islands , with isolated maximum amounts of 4 inches possible in some locations , forecasters said . These rains could cause life-threatening flash floods and mudslides . Tracking maps show Julia becoming a Category 1 hurricane over the open Atlantic later in the week before dropping back to tropical storm intensity without nearing land .	NEW : Igor holds strength , stays away from land NEW : Julia strengthens , could become hurricane in next day or so NEW : Julia , too , is steering clear of land
CNN  -- Going to the beach has become a lot like looking for hotel accommodations : If it has a one-star ranking , you know you 're in for nothing but trouble . A new report released today by the Natural Resources Defense Council ranked the water quality of 200 U.S. coastal beaches using a five-star guide , and the results are far from a day at the beach . Laguna Beach in Orange County , California , is one of the NRDC 's five-star beaches for water quality . "  Nationwide , 7 percent of beach water samples are so contaminated with human or animal waste that they 're not conducive for swimming , " said Nancy Stoner , co-director of the NRDC 's water program and lead author for the report . "  For the fourth year in a row , NRDC found that there were more than 20,000 beach closings last year because of human or animal waste in the water . " Pollutants found in beach water are frequently the result of storm water or sewage overflow , and it 's not something to take lightly , especially if small children , pregnant women or the elderly are spending time in the surf . Swimming in polluted water can lead to ear infections and stomach viruses , as well as more serious diseases like meningitis and hepatitis , Stoner said . The Environmental Protection Agency sets a standard for beach water quality , and when water quality tests reveal that pollution has exceeded that standard , the beach is closed . "  The problem , " Stoner said , "  is that it does take 24 hours or longer to produce test results , " meaning if the beach was contaminated on Thursday , you wo n't know about it until Friday . And once those results are produced , there 's no guarantee that the cause is identifiable . While storm water and sewage are often the culprit for closures , for 62 percent of the 20,000 beach closures that occurred last year , the cause of the pollution was unknown . But with precious few weeks of beach season left , now is not the time to avoid sand and surf like the plague . Thankfully , not all beaches are polluted equally -- the NRDC hands out five stars to beaches that meet health standards more than 95 per cent of the time and quickly notify beach goers with signs and Internet alerts when there 's a potential problem . Standout states include Delaware , New Hampshire and Virginia , which boast having pristine , nearly pollution-free shores . Virginians however should take note : Fairview Beach in King George County is certainly not one of those . According to Stoner , this beach is considered to be one of the worst offenders , particularly because it consistently fails more than 25 percent of its water quality tests . Hands down , one of the best beaches is Ocean City , Maryland , which does well year after year because of its clean water and strict water quality monitoring , two factors that earned the popular East Coast beach five stars . In nearby Delaware , Dewey and Bethany beaches also earned a stamp of approval from the NRDC . Newport Beach and Laguna Beach are two of California 's five-star beaches , but stay away from Doheny Beach and Avalon Beach , which both failed more than 25 percent of their water quality tests in 2008 . If you 're in the Great Lakes region and looking for quality beach time , strongly consider booking a trip to one of the coasts . "  From 2005 to 2008 , the Great Lakes consistently tested the dirtiest . In 2008 , 13 percent of beach water samples violated public health standards , " Stoner said . But no matter which beach you frequent , five-star or not , you should always take precautions by avoiding beaches with obvious sources of pollution , like nearby open pipes and trash . Wait at least 24 hours after a heavy rain before hitting the waves again , allowing potential pollutants to dissipate . To see how your closest beach stacks up , visit http://www.nrdc.org/ .	New study ranked 200 U.S. beaches according to water quality tests Delaware , New Hampshire and Virginia have the cleanest beach water Ocean City , Maryland , consistently ranks as one of the best for water quality Fairview Beach in Virginia consistently ranks as one of the worst
CNN  -- Sergio Aguero hopes to take Manchester City to another level , the Argentina striker revealed after completing his big-money move to the English club on Thursday . Aguero , 23 , has agreed a five-year contract after leaving Spanish club Atletico Madrid for an undisclosed fee . British media reported that the Premier League club had beaten the record paid by a British team of # 32.5 million  $ 53 million  that City splashed out for Brazil forward Robinho in 2008 . Aguero , the son-in-law of Argentine football legend Diego Maradona , will reportedly earn a weekly wage of # 200,000  $ 327,000  . He joins a club seeking to build on last season , when Roberto Mancini 's team finished third to qualify for the European Champions League for the first time and also won the FA Cup to end a 35-year wait for a trophy . Aguero reveals City move on Twitter "  I think we are a team that in the future will be fighting every year to win major trophies , and let 's hope that it 's quite a few major trophies , " Aguero told City 's website . Aguero , who played for Argentina at this month 's Copa America in his homeland along with new clubmate Carlos Tevez , has missed City 's pre-season tour of the United States . "  I do n't think I 'll have too many problems settling into the team , " he said . "  Once I 'm out on the field I will get to know my way round , but I ca n't say that for sure because I have not even made my debut yet . But I 'm sure everything will be fine . I 'm going to be relaxed about it . " Nicknamed "  Kun " after a Japanese cartoon character , he follows former Barcelona midfielder Yaya Toure and Valencia winger David Silva in moving to the Manchester side from Spain in the past year . "  They are great players , and yes I have played against them in the past but now they are here , in a team which right now is one of the biggest teams in England , " he said . "  My style has always been to fight to the death for every ball , and give 100 % in every game : be concentrated to the maximum in everything I do ; movement , running off the ball , winning the ball back and scoring goals . I 'm not a player who can do everything , but I still have plenty to offer . " With club captain Tevez unable to secure his desired exit from the club after his former team Corinthians of Brazil pulled out of a planned deal , it leaves City with a surplus of strikers -- and a ballooning wage bill despite the imminent financial fair play rules for European clubs . Togo international Emmanuel Adebayor and Welshman Craig Bellamy are expected to leave ahead of the August 31 transfer deadline , with both out of first-team contention after being loaned out last season . City won all three matches in the U.S. and now head to Ireland for the Dublin Super Cup , playing an Irish XI on Saturday and Italian club Inter Milan on Sunday . Mancini 's men take on local rivals Manchester United in the Community Shield on August 7 , the traditional season curtain-raiser before the club 's opening Premier League match at home to promoted Swansea on August 15 . Meanwhile , Spanish club Malaga have continued to spend heavily ahead of the new season with a deal for Villarreal winger Santi Cazorla worth a reported $ 22 million  $ 31 million  . The Spain international , 26 , has agreed a five-year contract to join a big influx of players at La Rosaleda . His fee eclipsed the previous club record of $ 10 million paid for France midfielder Jeremy Toulalan , while coach Manuel Pellegrini has also brought in veteran Dutch striker Ruud van Nistelrooy , Diego Buonanotte , Isco , Nacho Monreal , Joris Mathijsen , Sergio Sanchez and Joaquin .	Sergio Aguero completes move to Manchester City from Atletico Madrid Argentina striker agrees five-year deal worth a reported $ 327,000 a week The 23-year-old says he hopes to help English club to win major trophies Spain winger Santi Cazorla joins Malaga from Villarreal in a deal worth $ 31 million
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- North Korea , formally called the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , is also known as the Hermit Kingdom for a good reason . Chinese border guards patrol in Jilin province across from the North Korean border on March 21 , 2009 . For decades , it has been shrouded by a veil of secrecy that has prevented us from better understanding this important nation . As journalists we seek out the realities of life there , beyond the myths and hype , but that is difficult because the DPRK is generally inaccessible to journalists . The gap between reality and illusion remains profound . Journalists , such as the two Americans being detained in North Korea , do travel to the border between China and North Korea to get a sense of what life is like in the isolated nation of 22 million people . The circumstances surrounding the journalists ' arrest are still unclear . "  North Korea is such a difficult country to enter for a foreign reporter that the temptation to slip across the frozen river border is considerable , " said former CNN correspondent Mike Chinoy , author of "  Meltdown : The Inside Story of the North Korean Nuclear Crisis . " "  If that 's what they did , however , it was extremely foolhardy and really pushing their luck . " China and North Korea share a 1,415-kilometer  880-mile  border that mainly follows two rivers . The Yalu River defines the border on the northwest , the Tumen River on the northeast . By land , the two countries are linked by seven road crossings and four railway points . Over the years , I have visited three towns on the Chinese side of the border . From a narrow river crossing at the border town of Tumen , Koreans cross on foot and in trucks . Those going back into North Korea carry bags full of food and household wares , even bicycles . Some of those coming into China ferry logs and minerals . From across the Yalu River in China 's Dandong City in October of 2006 , I had a glimpse of Sinuiju , a North Korean border town of some 350,000 people . Using a long camera lens , I saw school children learn to roller skate , and residents celebrating what looked like a wedding . Still the city 's decrepit appearance hinted at stagnation and isolation . It was a stark contrast from the Chinese city , which was ablaze in neon lights and a bustling commerce and trade . North Korea 's public face is one of smiling children , clean streets , manicured gardens , spectacular scenery and a stoic people united under the aegis of Kim Jong Il , known among Koreans as the "  Dear Leader . " I saw it up close twice , in 1996 and 2002 , when I had the chance to visit the most reclusive nation on earth . We were typically greeted by polite officials and smiling children and invited to watch spectacular performances with a cast of thousands . North Korea , however , remains isolated , diplomatically and economically , led by an erratic leadership that behaves out of fear and insecurity . Diplomatic sources in Beijing suggest that China is getting fed up with North Korea 's inability to preserve social stability and with its erratic behavior in the multi-national efforts to deal with North Korea 's nuclear program . Publicly , however , China sticks to the official line , often calling the two nations ' ties as close as "  lips and teeth " -- one can not function without the other . In my two visits to North Korea , I have detected conflicting signs -- one , of social instability and another of a tentative desire to experiment with reforms . In 2002 , the government tolerated some quasi-private businesses , raised civil servants ' salaries and deregulated prices of some commodities . But much of these tentative efforts to change seem to have been aborted and the country remains isolated and poor . What emerges is a nation , now considered a nuclear threat , desperately seeking respect and economic aid . That picture is now intertwined with the two detained U.S. journalists , Chinoy said . "  It will be interesting to see how the case is handled . North Korea has been in a generally more bellicose mood lately , " said Chinoy , who is currently a senior fellow at the Pacific Council on International Policy . "  The concern is that this incident could get caught up in the bigger picture of heightened tension between the north and the U.S. and the north and south . If it is not swiftly resolved , it will add to the complexity of the situation facing -LSB- U.S. President Barack -RSB- Obama , where he is under pressure from Seoul , Tokyo and some in Washington to get tough , while trying to find a way to get diplomacy with the North going again . " In recent years , waves of North Korean refugees have fled into China seeking food , jobs and freedom . In the border cities of Tumen , Yanji and Dandong , these refugees tell of misery and persecution . They live under the protection of relatives , friends and human rights activists . Here , people speak of a Korean "  underground railways " -- a network that smuggles desperate people across the border and eventually out of China . China is struggling to keep out the hundreds of North Korean immigrants and refugees , but stopping the exodus remains a tall order . A fundamental solution , analysts suggest , lies not in China but in North Korea , where many people are running away from humanitarian disasters and political persecution .	Secretive and closed off for decades , North Korea is known as the Hermit Kingdom By land , China and North Korea are linked by 7 road crossings and 4 railway points In recent years , N. Korean refugees have fled into China seeking food , jobs , freedom Tentative reforms have been aborted and North Korea remains isolated and poor
For a big chunk of the Cold War , the U.S. Air Force turned to the SR-71 Blackbird for many of its most important spy missions . The jet-black jet could fly at more than three times the speed of sound at altitudes of 85,000 feet , faster and higher than anything adversaries had to counter it . The last of the Blackbirds flew in 1999 , and the U.S. military has n't had anything close since . Now , Lockheed-Martin , the maker of the SR-71 , says the "  Son of the Blackbird , " the SR-72 , is in the works , and it will be twice as fast as and way more lethal than its father . That 's because the SR-72 will be designed to launch missiles , something the SR-71 did n't do . "  Even with the SR-71 , at Mach 3 , there was still time to notify that the plane was coming , but at Mach 6 , there is no reaction time to hide a mobile target , " Brad Leland , Lockheed Martin 's program manager for hypersonics , told Aviation Week and Space Technology . The publication provided the first detailed look at the SR-72 plans last week . Navy launches new stealth destroyer "  Hypersonic aircraft , coupled with hypersonic missiles , could penetrate denied airspace and strike at nearly any location across a continent in less than an hour , " Leland said in a news release . And , by the way , the SR-72 is envisioned as a drone , unlike the original Blackbird with its crew of two : a pilot and a reconnaissance officer to operate its radar jammers and spy gear . "  The SR-71 was developed using 20th-century technology . It was envisioned with slide rules and paper . It was n't managed by millions of lines of software code . And it was n't powered by computer chips . All that changes with the SR-72 , " Lockheed Martin says . A smaller-scale model of the SR-72 could begin testing in five years and be in the air in 10 , Leland told Aviation Week . The full-scale SR-72 could be operational by 2030 , according to Lockheed Martin . If it comes to fruition , one thing the SR-72 wo n't be is stealthy . The design needed for the Mach 6 speed does n't allow for such construction , according to the Aviation Week report . "  Speed is the new stealth , " Aviation Week quoted Al Romig , engineering and advanced systems vice president at Lockheed Martin 's Skunk Works division , as saying . "  Speed is the next aviation advancement to counter emerging threats in the next several decades . The technology would be a game-changer in theater , similar to how stealth is changing the battle space today , " Leland said in the statement . Of course , none of this will fly without money , and that will probably be up to taxpayers . "  We have been continuing to invest company funds , and we are kind of at a point where the next steps would require large-scale testing , which would significantly increase the level of investment we 've had to make to-date , " Leland told Aviation Week . "  Between DARPA  the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency  and the Air Force , it would be highly likely they 'd have to fund the next steps . "	SR-72 could fly six times the speed of sound "  Son of Blackbird " would be a drone , be able to launch missiles Aircraft could be operational by 2030 , Lockheed Martin says
Asuncion , Paraguay  CNN  -- Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo continued to purge the top ranks of the nation 's military Friday , removing the armed forces ' commander . Lugo fired the commanders of the country 's army , air force and navy on Wednesday . The armed forces commander , Rear Adm. Cibar Benitez Caceres , had been the only top official to survive Wednesday 's dismissals . Lugo has given no reason for the firings , publicly denying rumors of a coup plot . Benitez Caceres will be replaced as armed forces chief by Brig. Gen. Juan Oscar Velazquez Castillo , the president 's executive order said . The handover ceremony was scheduled to take place Friday afternoon . The military held a ceremony Thursday for the new army , navy and air force commanders . Lugo did not attend . Brig. Gen. Bartolome Ramon Pineda Ortiz was installed as the new army commander . Brig. Gen. Hugo Gilberto Aranda Chamorro took over the top post at the air force and Rear Adm. Egberto Emerito Orie Benegas , at the navy . Benitez had said at Thursday 's swearing-in ceremony that other changes would be coming in the lower ranks , but denied there was any truth to talk of a coup . Some opposition politicians said Friday that Lugo , a leftist , is trying to install military commanders more in tune with his political and ideological leanings . Opposition Sen. Enrique Gonzalez Quintana was quoted in the Neike.com digital newspaper as saying Lugo has an agenda similar to that of leftist Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez . Paraguay 's history is filled with unstable transitions of power since it emerged in 1989 from Gen. Alfredo Stroessner 's 35-year dictatorship . There were attempted coups in 1996 and 2000 , and President Raul Cubas resigned amid controversy in 1999 . Friday 's military shakeup is the fourth since Lugo took office . The former Catholic bishop was elected to a five-year term last year , bringing an end to six decades of one-party rule in Paraguay . But the goodwill did not last long . In April , Lugo admitted that he fathered a child while he was still a priest and that he may have fathered more . Three women have accused him of fathering a child . The revelation , which came as a shock to most , hurt his political image . Calls for his resignation began , and have continued as Lugo has struggled to push reforms through a majority-opposition legislature . Oppositions lawmakers , who say Lugo also has been ineffective in battling the nation 's crime wave , are trying to impeach him .	Paraguay 's president revamping military commands President Fernando Lugo fired military branch commanders earlier this week Opposition says Lugo trying to bring leftist agenda to military Military shakeup is fourth since Lugo took office
CNN  -- India has summoned a senior U.S. diplomat over reports the United States authorized its National Security Agency to spy on the ruling party , the BJP , an official said Wednesday . The official spoke on condition of anonymity . According to the latest disclosures by NSA leaker Edward Snowden published by the Washington Post on Monday , the NSA obtained legal authorization to spy on the BJP in 2010 , when it was the opposition party . The BJP , or Bharatiya Janata Party , came to national power in May in an electoral landslide . The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court approved a broad certification for spying abroad in 2010 , which included a list of 193 countries to concentrate on , the Post reported . The Post reported that the list was a recommendation and that the agency was not required to spy on all of them . The approval permitted the NSA to intercept communications through U.S. companies related to targets on the list , the report said . Also on the list were banks and international agencies such as the World Bank Group and the European Union . The BJP was one of six political organizations recommended for observation . The list also included the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood and the Pakistan Peoples Party . At present , there 's no full-time U.S. ambassador in New Delhi . The embassy is led by Kathleen Stephens as the United States Charg  d'Affaires ad interim to India . Germany investigating alleged U.S. surveillance of Merkel 's phone A year after Snowden , the real costs of NSA surveillance Review board finds potential for abuses in NSA phone , Internet surveillance	The Washington Post published NSA document on Monday attributed to Edward Snowden The Indian party BJP was one of six political organizations deemed worthy of inspecting A list of recommended spying targets included 193 countries
MANAMA , Bahrain  CNN  -- Efforts to protect ships from pirates in the waters off Somalia 's east coast face a tremendous challenge : The vastness of the area makes it difficult to get to ships that are in danger . The crew of the Maersk Alabama talked with media after the ship docked in Mombasa , Kenya . "  To put it in perspective , draw a box from Houston to Chicago to New York City down to Jacksonville , Florida . It 's an immense body of water , " U.S. Navy Vice Adm. Bill Gortney told reporters Sunday . When the Maersk Alabama , a U.S.-flagged cargo ship , reported an attempted attack by pirates the day before the pirates successful attempt on Wednesday , "  our closest vessel from all the navies that were out there -- we have 16 navies that are patrolling those waters -- and the closest one was the USS Bainbridge , and it was over 300 nautical miles , " Gortney said . The next day , when the Maersk company reported pirates had boarded its ship , "  we were closing Bainbridge as quickly as we -LSB- could -RSB- , but 22 knots , 300 miles , it takes a while to get there . " View a timeline of the attack and its aftermath " He added , "  There 's about a 10-minute window from when the pirates are able to get onboard that we have time to act . " Things are different on the north side of Somalia , in the Gulf of Aden , where many piracy incidents have taken place . That area is "  a little bit more concentrated , " Gortney said , speaking from Bahrain . "  We 've had more successful attempts " at breaking up piracy efforts in that region , he said . "  But out on the east coast of Somalia , such a vast area , we simply do not have enough resources in order to cover all those areas . " Gortney spoke to reporters by telephone Sunday after Navy snipers shot and killed three pirates who had held Maersk Alabama Capt. Richard Phillips hostage since Wednesday . Phillips was freed by the U.S. Navy uninjured . Watch how U.S. forces believed Phillips was in danger " Phillips graduated from the Massachusetts Maritime Academy , which trains mariners on the dangers of piracy , the president of the academy said . "  The sea is a dangerous place -- pirates -LSB- are -RSB- just one of the many dangers , " Adm. Rick Gurnon of the academy told reporters after the rescue . The academy "  tries to educate you and prepare you to keep you from danger , but it does n't always work . " He noted that while Phillips ' story had a happy ending , more than 200 mariners remain captives at sea , and called on the international community to beef up security in the waters by arming crews , increasing warships and reducing the ability of Somalis to obtain ships from coastal safehavens . "  It will certainly take hard work and money and focus , " he said , "  but we 've got to stop it or we begin to risk lives in areas of the world that are vital for national security . " Chris Voss , former FBI international kidnapping negotiator , told CNN that the pirates from the impoverished , war-torn nation need an alternative way to make money . "  Unfortunately , they found themselves in a position where they could start piracy in the region and it 's become a virus , " Voss told CNN . "  It 's easy money ... and once it gets into a culture , it 's very difficult to get out , and the only way to get it out is attack on multiple levels . " Asked whether he was concerned that this incident , including the deaths of three of the four pirates involved in the hijacking of the Maersk Alabama and the kidnapping of Phillips , could escalate violence in the region , Gortney responded , "  Yes ... This could escalate violence in this part of the world . No question about it . " But some experts believe the rescue may help set a tone that will eventually deter piracy in the region . "  This one incident , if it is the only time that we take this robust action , will not deter , " retired U.S. Army Brig. Gen. Mark Kimmitt told CNN . "  But this incident , the next incident , the next incident after that -- a long term pattern will certainly have a deterrent effect against piracy . "	U.S. Navy Vice Adm. Bill Gortney : "  It 's an immense body of water " Gortney : Size of a box from Houston to Chicago to New York to Jacksonville , Florida Gortney : "  There 's about a 10-minute window ... that we have time to act " Gortney spoke after U.S. Navy snipers killed three pirates , freeing U.S. hostage
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Gunmen attacked a church in the central Nigerian state of Kogi , killing at least 19 people , a military official said Tuesday . Among the dead was the pastor of the Deeper Life church in Okene , Lt. Col. Gabriel Olorunyomi said . No one has claimed responsibility , but immediate suspicion fell on the militant Islamic group Boko Haram , which has carried out similar church attacks in the past . An eyewitness told CNN that the attackers were carrying sophisticated firearms and shot randomly at the members of the congregation gathered for Bible study Monday night . Blood flowed through the church as bodies fell limp , the witness said . Religious attacks have been on the rise in Nigeria recently . Christian and Muslim militant groups have attacked each other 's religious sites , claiming retaliation for prior attacks . At least three people were killed and 14 were wounded in an explosion at a mosque in Maiduguri last month . And on June 17 , at least 50 people were killed at three churches . Boko Haram claimed responsibility . "  Let them know that now it 's the time for revenge God willing , " the group said then . "  From now on , they either follow the right religion or there will be no peace for them . " Journalist Soni Irabor contributed to this report .	Gunmen attacked a Deeper Life church in central Nigeria Among the dead is the pastor , a military official said No one has claimed responsibility , but suspicion fell on Boko Haram The militant Islamic group has carried out similar church attacks in the past
Surkhet , Nepal  CNN  Ten years ago , with her high school diploma and a backpack , Maggie Doyne left her New Jersey hometown to travel the world before college . She lived in a Buddhist monastery , helped rebuild a sea wall in Fiji , then went to India and worked with Nepalese refugees . There , she met a young girl who wanted to find her family in Nepal . Doyne went with her . That 's when Doyne 's life took an unexpected turn . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015 A decade-long civil war had just ended in the country , and Doyne witnessed its effects firsthand . She met women and children who were suffering , struggling to survive . "  It changed me , " said Doyne , now 28 . "  There were children with mallets that would go into the riverbed , pick up a big stone and break it into little , little pieces  to sell  . And they were doing that all day , every day . " Doyne called her parents and asked them to wire her the $ 5,000 she had earned babysitting . In 2006 , she purchased land in Surkhet , a district in western Nepal . She worked for two years with the local community to build the Kopila Valley Children 's Home . Today , Kopila -- which means "  flower bud " in Nepali -- is home to about 50 children , from infants to teenagers . Doyne started the BlinkNow Foundation to support and grow her efforts . In 2010 , the group opened its Kopila Valley School , which today educates more than 350 students . Doyne lives in Nepal year-round , traveling to the U.S. a few times a year . See more CNN Heroes The CNN Heroes team traveled to Surkhet and talked to Doyne about her work and the community she supports . Below is an edited version of their conversation . CNN : How does it work , raising nearly 50 kids ? Maggie Doyne : It 's communal living , for sure ! We 're a family of almost 50 kids ages 8 months to 16 years . Everybody just pitches in and helps each other . They all have their chores . They all have their duties . And everybody cooks the meals together and makes sure that they do their part to make the home run smoothly . The staff at the home , we call them the aunties and the uncles . We wake up in the morning and go off to school . And then come home and do homework and eat our meals together , and everybody goes to bed at night . CNN : How does a child come to live in your home ? Doyne : Our first priority as an organization is to keep a child with their family if at all possible . In order to come into the home , you need to have lost both parents , or in some rare cases have suffered extreme neglect , abuse or have a parent who 's incarcerated . We have to conduct a full investigation . So usually that involves going to the child 's village , making calls , doing police checks , getting documentation and paperwork . We have to dig up birth certificates , death certificates , make sure that everything lines up the way that they say it does . CNN : Meanwhile , you have 350 children attending your school . What is their background ? Doyne : Every single year we 'll get from 1,000 to 1,500 applicants . And we choose the ones who are the most needful and really wo n't be in school without us . Most of them live in one room , a mud hut . A lot of them are just in survival mode . We try to relieve the burden from the family , so that the child has food , medical care , books , zero fees for education . CNN : What have you learned working with the local community in Nepal ? Doyne : I learned very early on , from the beginning , that I could n't come in and just be like , "  Here , I have a vision . This is what we 're going to do . " That does n't work . It has to be slow ; it has to be organic . And it has to come from the community and be a "  we " thing . It 's really important to me that this is a Nepali project , working for Nepal , for the community . So the faces that you see are strong Nepali women and amazing Nepali role-model men . CNN : How does the project continue to grow ? Doyne : We started with the home and then school . We run the school lunch program . Then we needed to keep our kids really healthy , so we started a small clinic and then a counseling center . From there we started getting more sustainable and growing our own food . And then from there we decided to start a women 's center . We just bought a new piece of property to create a totally green and sustainable off-the-grid campus . This year we converted to solar energy . So we 'll have a high school and then a day care , preschool , elementary , all the way up , and a vocational center where kids can become a thriving young adult with everything they need to succeed moving forward . It 's become so much more than just a little girl with a backpack and a big dream . It 's become a community . And I want to teach and have other people take this example and hope this sets a precedent for what our world can be and look like . Want to get involved ? Check out the BlinkNow Foundation website at www.blinknow.org and see how to help .	Nepal civil war aftermath inspired Maggie Doyne to help children Doyne 's BlinkNow Foundation supports a home for 50 children and a school that educates hundreds more . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2015 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- The scene is set : the world 's best tennis player against "  the King of Clay . " "  I 'm not going out there to play my best ; I 'm going out there to win , " Novak Djokovic said after setting up a Sunday final showdown with eight-time defending champion Rafael Nadal at the Monte Carlo Masters . "  Whenever you play Rafa , you know what to expect -- you expect the toughest challenge possible on clay . I 'm ready for that . I 'm very happy that physically , mentally , emotionally I have been improving as the tournament was going on . Each day I feel better on the court , more confident . " The world No. 1 brushed aside Italy 's Fabio Fognini on Saturday , winning 6-2 6-1 in less than an hour to give himself a chance of avenging his defeat to the Spaniard in last year 's title match in the principality , and also that of 2009 . "  Of course , I will have to be on top of my game , " the Serbian said . "  I will have to be focused and motivated from the start to the end in order to have any chance of winning against Nadal . I need to have a very optimistic mindset in order to get a win . " While Djokovic is returning to fitness after injuring his ankle on Davis Cup duty earlier this month , Nadal 's longterm knee problems seem to be behind him after earning his fifth consecutive final appearance since his February comeback . The 11-time grand slam champion was tested for the second match in a row before defeating France 's world No. 8 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 6-3 7-6  7-3  in Saturday 's opening semifinal in one hour and 36 minutes . "  Playing five tournaments in a row after injury , being in five finals in a row is great , " said Nadal , who has won three of four of those so far . "  It will be very tough . Djokovic brings you to the limit of your game if you want to have chances to win . I know I have to play better than what I did today and yesterday to try to win tomorrow . I have to play more aggressive . " They have not met since Nadal won last year 's French Open final -- his record seventh title on the red clay of Roland Garros -- and the Spaniard holds a 19-14 career advantage in their matches . "  These kind of matches are special all the time . I am very happy to have the chance to play these kind of matches another time , " said Nadal , whose only defeat in 49 appearances in Monte Carlo was back in 2003 . Meanwhile , the Czech Republic 's grip on the women 's Fed Cup title slipped on Saturday after Italy took a 2-0 lead in Palermo . The Czechs triumphed in 2011-12 after Italy won it two successive times , but face an uphill battle in Sunday 's reverse singles after world No. 7 Sara Errani beat Lucie Safarova 6-4 6-2 and Roberta Vinci upset eighth-ranked Petra Kvitova 6-4 6-1 . Kvitova , who also lost to Vinci last weekend in the final of the Katowice event in Poland , must now beat last year 's French Open runner-up Errani to prevent Italy taking an unbeatable 3-0 lead in the best-of-five rubber . "  I hope I can cancel this match in my mind and have a free mind for tomorrow , " Kvitova said . "  I 'm still getting better , and it 's obviously tough to be 100 % ready to play these girls on clay but we 'll see . " Slovakia also need just one more point to reach the November 2-3 final after taking a shock 2-0 over Russia in Moscow . Dominika Cibulkova beat Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova 5-7 6-1 6-4 , and then Daniela Hantuchova defeated Maria Kirilenko 6-2 6-4 as the Slovakians seek to reach their first final since winning the 2002 title .	Rafael Nadal will play Novak Djokovic in Sunday 's final of the Monte Carlo Masters Eight-time winner Nadal beats world No. 8 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in first semifinal Top-ranked Djokovic sets up rematch of last year 's final , beating Fabio Fognini Fed Cup champions Czech Republic losing 2-0 against Italy in semifinal
CNN  -- Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd formally apologized on Monday to thousands of adults who , as impoverished British children , were brought to Australia with the promise of a better life but found abuse and forced labor . "  My hope today is to reach out to you all on behalf of this nation -- Australia -- and to speak what so often has been unspoken , and to offer this profound apology , " Rudd told an audience of former child migrants gathered in the national capital of Canberra and scattered throughout the country . "  To apologize for the pain that has been caused . To apologize for the failure to offer proper care . To apologize for those who have gone before us and ignored your cries for help . " The so-called Forgotten Australians -- children who came from British families struggling with severe poverty or from institutions in the UK -- were brought to Australia in a program that ended 40 years ago . The program scarred generations of children who were placed in state institutions and orphanages . They later told of being kept in brutal conditions , being physically abused and being forced to work on farms . "  There are tens of thousands -- perhaps hundreds of thousands -- of these stories , " Rudd said , "  each with its own hurts , its own humiliations , its own trauma -- and each united by the experience of a childhood without love , of childhood alone . " "  Whatever I might say today , the truth is I can not give you back your childhood . I can not rewind the clock on your suffering , nor can I erase the past , " Rudd added . "  But what I can do with you is celebrate the spirit that has lived within you over the decades -- a spirit that has stubbornly refused to be beaten , a spirit that has turned you into the survivors that you are . "	"  Forgotten Australians " were brought from Britain in program that ended 40 years ago Children came from British families struggling with severe poverty or from institutions "  I can not rewind the clock on your suffering , nor can I erase the past , " Rudd says
CNN  -- As he rolls across the wheat fields of his Nebraska farm , Steve Tucker often has his hands not on the wheel of his tractor , but on a smartphone . Steve Tucker , a Twittering farmer , pauses in front of his tractor in Nebraska . He sometimes posts a dozen messages per day on Twitter , commenting on everything from the weather to the state of his crops to his son 's first tractor ride and even last night 's cheeseburger . "  Got rained out trying to finish up planting corn . Only 90 acres left . Maybe it will dry up today and I can finish Lord willin ' , " he wrote in one recent post . "  Just sold some more wheat , now , I wait for God to provide the harvest so I can fill the contracts , " the 39-year-old said in another . "  Eat more bread ! " Tucker is proof that smartphones are starting to put down roots in rural America . He lives in a 150-person town near Brandon , Nebraska -- a place even he calls "  the middle of nowhere . " The nearest neighbor to his 4,000-acre farm is about 2 miles away . Yet , farmers like Tucker are using Internet-enabled phones to gain a foothold on online social networks -- both for business and personal reasons .  Follow him on Twitter "  I can be in the most remote place and just with the power of having a BlackBerry ... I can communicate with anybody at anytime about anything , " he said . "  It is just amazing . " The growth of smartphones on farms is important because many people do n't think about where their food comes from , much less associate a specific farmer with that process , said Andy Kleinschmidt , a farmer and agricultural extension educator at Ohio State University . "  When you can put a name or personality with someone who 's actually raising corn and soybeans or actually milking cows , that 's the most important thing that 's come about in my opinion , " he said . A host of blogs and Twitter feeds have popped up around the subjects of technology and life on the farm . On Tuesdays from 8 to 10 p.m. ET , farmers meet on Twitter for a live chat about all things agricultural . You can watch that conversation by searching for agchat on the site . Kleinschmidt said he uses a smartphone to check live weather reports , which can make or break a year 's crop . Other farmers send him pictures of ailing plants , hoping to identify crop diseases early . Some farmers use their phones as notepads , tracking their applications of pesticides , he said . Developers of phone applications apparently have taken notice of the farm-tech trend , too . An iPhone application called PureSense helps techie farmers in drought-stricken places monitor how much water is in their soil at various locations and in real time . Historically , farms have lagged behind the rest of country in Internet and computer usage . But a 2007 census by the U.S. Department of Agriculture says Web use on farms is increasing . High-speed Internet access doubled on U.S. farms between 2005 and 2007 , for instance , jumping from 13 percent to 27 percent . That 's still less than the general population , however . Fifty-five percent of farms had Internet access in 2007 compared with 62 percent of homes in the United States overall , according to government statistics . The census does not measure smartphone penetration . Internet-enabled phones are making their way into rural America slowly because it 's difficult to send Internet data over cellular networks in some sparsely populated areas where wireless service is spotty , some advocates have claimed . Still , some farmers are adopting the technology despite the odds . The biggest draw of smartphones and online social networks is that they provide human connections to people for whom farm life can be lonely , said Chuck Zimmerman , publisher of an agriculture news blog called agwired.com . "  Most farmers are going to be in their -LSB- tractor -RSB- cab , " he said . "  You 're going all day long , night and day -- it can get a little bit boring , you know ? So , a lot of them have satellite radio , smartphones , iPhones , BlackBerries . I ca n't tell you how many farmers are following me who are tweeting form the cab . " It 's a misconception that farmers are behind the curve technologically , Zimmerman said . "  In large part , farmers tend to be very early adopters of technology . We have the stereotypical image of a hayseed farmer that still persists -- out on a tractor with a straw hat on , " he said . "  The reality is that most of them are very highly trained from a technological standpoint . " Tucker said his job on the farm in Nebraska includes more than harvesting wheat , corn , sunflowers and millet . He wants to bring urban Internet users along for the ride . And in doing so , he 's become a sort of text-happy evangelist for rural America . "  People out in the cities are n't familiar with agriculture like it used to be 100 years ago . They may not have an appreciation or an understanding of what goes on out in the rural side of things , " he said . "  I just try to be an information source for whoever may be listening . " So that 's what he does from his tractor -- one tweet at a time .	Smartphones and online social networks are gaining popularity on farms Farmers use Internet phones to check weather and monitor pesticides Nebraska farmer says his Twitter posts help bridge the urban-rural divide Another says phones and social media connect eaters with sources of food
CNN  -- Many were shocked this week when New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez was arrested and charged with first-degree murder and linked to an unsolved double-homicide case from 2012 . The tone in the sports community has been muted because this is occurring during the off-season and the impact on the "  game " is minimal . There are many unanswered questions about the Hernandez case . What does it tell us about the intersection of sports and the violent and sometimes criminal behavior of athletes off the field ? With a few exceptions , the National Football League 's governance of players ' lives is restricted to behaviors that impact the game and the business of the league . Players who violate the law and the rights of others are subject to the much broader laws that govern every citizen . When players commit crimes such as murder , looking to the league for answers is not the solution . The Patriots have quickly cut ties with Hernandez but are faced with a "  dead money " issue  the ironic name for money tied to a player no longer with the team , that counts against a team 's salary cap  . On the field , they are left with a more uncertain hole at the tight end position . There 's a sentiment that on-field performance is all that we should be concerned with when it comes to sports and athletes . No more was that on display than this past Super Bowl where the most popular player on the field was Ray Lewis , who 13 years ago was in a similar position as Aaron Hernandez is today . Lewis was in jail charged with murder . While he was later exonerated , Ray Lewis has been , in part , redeemed by football . As incidents of violence increase in volume and severity it is becoming more difficult to ignore the social transgressions of athletes simply because they entertain us . The bigger question is : What is the tipping point ? The dissonance regarding sports in our society is palpable . The NFL is the most successful and powerful sports entity in the world . For many , it symbolizes the greatest elements of the meritocracy of sports and business . Success is built on sound principle , discipline and character . The NFL 's success is not simply due to the popularity of the game itself , but the business of monetizing the game . The players are merely widgets in that business . However , as the NFL continues to grow in revenue and appeal , the off-field behavior of some of the players threaten to tarnish the pristine veneer of the brand . The sport has an esteemed place in our culture by helping to build communities , teaching young people leadership and discipline , and promoting team spirit . But why is it that so many successful athletes -- those who have reached the pinnacle of their game -- seem to lack discipline in their lives away from the game ? Why is there such a glaring discrepancy ? The problem for the NFL is that there is little the league can do to influence the behavior of its current players . The NFL is not the nurturer of men ; it is not responsible for the attitudes and behaviors of the men its teams employ . As the great former UCLA basketball coach John Wooden once said , "  sports do n't build character . They reveal it . " While the players on the field are stars of the business , they are not stars because of their depth of character or values and judgment . Their individual moral compass is their own , even if the sport has some influence over their perception of the world . Their stardom lies in the volume of exposure the business affords them . And , like the mega-salaries that make headlines , the business is such that the individual does n't matter . What matters is that the individual can get the job done in the context of the business . And , in this case , character and discipline off the field have no relevance to success on the field . NFL players are products of our collective society and they take center stage in one of the most successful enterprises of our society . When we hear about Hernandez or Javon Belcher , we should n't assume that it 's solely an NFL problem . It 's a larger societal issue . No child is born to be an NFL player . The young men who grow up and are recognized for their talents need to be more than warriors on the field . The positive influences outside of their athletic lives need to be stronger and at every stage of their lives . The pursuit of excellence can exist in all aspects of a young athlete 's life and it should begin with civility before any games are played . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Don McPherson .	Don McPherson : Many are shocked that Aaron Hernandez was charged with murder McPherson : When players commit heinous crimes , the NFL does n't have answers He says there is little the league can do to influence the behavior of its players off field McPherson : NFL players are products of our collective society
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- When the earth started to shake on January 12 , Rocher Joseph-Michelet was in his tiny , one-room apartment , composing lyrics for the upcoming Carnivale in Port-au-Prince . He ran out the door to find an entire two-story building , crumbling and falling in his direction . "  They break down . I fell down , I was on my back , " he said . In heavily-accented English , peppered with American slang , Joseph-Michelet described how he was all-but buried under the rubble ... and then rescued by members of his hip-hop group . "  Thanks to God , thanks to my friends , " he said . "  I 'm so proud it 's them come to save me . " Joseph-Michelet is better known by his stage name "  MRJ . " He is a member of a neighborhood hip-hop group called Sekte Atis Lib , or S.A.L. . They are six childhood friends from the same poor neighborhood who rap in Creole . MRJ escaped the earthquake with minor injuries . Many other residents of his neighborhood were n't so fortunate . "  Two days after the disaster , we -LSB- carried -RSB- 39 dead bodies ... from here to the central cemetery , " said Gaby Guerrier , the manager of the band . He spoke while standing on a rooftop which offered a view of a devastated urban landscape of collapsed and dangerously sagging cinderblock apartment buildings . The members of S.A.L. have been forced to abandon their homes in this tightly-packed community of concrete houses and narrow alleyways . "  It 's too dangerous , nobody wants to live in the houses again , " said Guerrier 's younger brother Panarothy , also known as the rapper named "  Next . " He led CNN on a tour , past a large wall mural showing S.A.L. 's name in jagged graffiti , to the sprawling , fetid camp where the band , their families , and some 4,500 other displaced Haitians now live . The artists have helped each other build crude shacks out of plywood and rusting metal sheeting , along a winding dirt alleyway they have playfully nick-named "  Big Man Street . " Twenty-one year old Geffrard Jonel , a.k.a. Fame , has already decorated the walls of his hut with posters of soccer teams and music groups . He said he and three others slept in the tiny room , along with some unwanted visitors . "  Rats ! " he yelled , to peals of laughter from the rest of the group . Despite the unbearable conditions , spirits among the band 's members appeared remarkably high . "  If you get angry with it , you get angry at God , " said the manager , Gaby Guerrier . "  We are not more important than those people who are dead . God just leave us alive . We thank him for that . " Perhaps because of this infectious optimism , 25-year-old "  Next " has been appointed the leader of a camp association , representing all 4,500 residents . "  If I have a problem , I 'll come to him , " said one resident named Levi Lazard . "  Because he is the one that can make the people listen to him . " On the day CNN visited , Next and about ten other colleagues had just completed construction of a sandbag platform to house a large water bladder and distribution system donated by Irish aid organization Concern . Residents with buckets and jugs were already lining up for a taste of fresh water . "  We want to make the people , the survivors live better , " Next explained . He then issued an appeal for other aid organizations to come and help the community . "  We need something else specially for the children , " he said . "  We need to make a place for the children for education . There 's no school . It 's destroyed . " Three weeks after the earthquake , residents of this camp were stripping away vegetation and small trees from the surrounding area , and the air was thick with the sound of hammers and saws as people worked to construct new ramshackle homes . Before the earthquake , only one member of S.A.L. had a full-time job , working at a juice factory . The others were unemployed artists , filming music videos on shoe-string budgets , all victims of Haiti 's impoverished economy . Since the disaster , these young men have carried corpses , cared for wounded friends and relatives , and become leaders of their displaced and desperate community . They are also trying write new lyrics , to explain this life-changing ordeal . "  This is a revolution of nature , " said MRJ , who survived the two-story building collapse . MRJ and his colleagues then delivered a memorable a cappella performance amid shelters made of bed sheets and sticks where hungry children wailed . "  All the parks have become home to most , " he chanted in Creole , as the sun set over smoking campfires . "  We have to mobilize to overcome this crisis . Hopefully now the system will reboot . The time for the people has come . Solving the problems will take time . But we 're not going anywhere . We need to deal with this crisis at the grass roots . "	Members of rap group S.A.L. tell of life amid the rubble of Haiti Rocher Joseph-Michelet 's friends rescued him after the earthquake Since the quake , they have been using music to lift survivors ' spirits Group raps amid shelters made of bed sheets and sticks
CNN  Scene : A warm beach in the Caribbean  because as long as I 'm setting a scene ...  , March of 2015 Two women , both , curiously , named "  Sally Kohn , " recline and sip their drinks at they stare at the blue-green water , occasionally checking their addictive mobile devices for new emails , conversing about the third season of "  House of Cards " and the political mess in Washington . They 're both bold progressives and Democrats more by default than enthusiasm . The two Sallys are debating whether Sen. Elizabeth Warren should respond to the calls from the Boston Globe and others for her to enter the 2016 race , challenging likely frontrunner Hillary Clinton . Sally "  Idealistic " Kohn desperately and impatiently wants the world to be a fairer and more just place and thinks progress toward that goal could immeasurably be helped by a bold leader articulating and pushing for big ideas at the top of the national and global political hierarchy . This Sally is wearing a skimpy bikini . Sally "  Pragmatic " Kohn wants the world to be better too , but she 's all-too-aware of how progressive idealists are chewed up , spit out and drowned out by party politics . She is conscious that Barack Obama was n't even that progressive and knows how much more centrist he became in the first six years of his presidency . This Sally is skeptical of how much politics can be changed from the inside as well as how much politics these days can change the world , especially given entrenched partisanship . She is wearing swim trunks , a long-sleeve UV protective t-shirt and two hats . Sally  Idealistic  Kohn : Elizabeth Warren is like the Obi-Wan Kenobi of American politics today -- she 's our only hope . There 's no one else speaking as sharply and powerfully about inequality and economic populism . Plus she has solutions . -LSB- She takes a sip of her pia colada . -RSB- Sally  Pragmatic  Kohn : I could n't agree more . Which is exactly why we should n't waste Warren on a dead-end presidential campaign . -LSB- She gulps her margarita . -RSB- Sally I. Kohn : First of all , you do n't know it 's a dead end . Barack Obama was the underdog in 2008 and look what happened . Plus , Warren is much more popular at this point now than he was then . Sally P. Kohn : Yeah , but in the latest CNN Democratic primary poll , Warren trails Hillary Clinton by 52 points . Even Joe Biden fared better . Sally I. Kohn : Those are national polls . Primaries are run state-by-state . And in a different poll , Democratic primary voters in Iowa and in New Hampshire favored Warren over Clinton , so ... . Sally P. Kohn : In fairness , that poll was run by Warren backers . And anyway , nationwide 79 % of Democrats have a favorable view of Clinton . Just 37 % have a favorable view of Warren . Sally I. Kohn : Because 63 % do n't know her yet . That 's why she needs to run . Sally P. Kohn : But be honest , the path to her winning is hard to see . Sure , Barack Obama did it once , but do you really think the Clinton machine will allow itself to be defeated twice ? Sally I. Kohn : Ah , and that 's reason two why Warren should run -- because even if she ca n't win , she will help shape the political debate and push Hillary Clinton to the left , especially around economic justice issues . Sally P. Kohn : Maybe , but then in four or eight years when Warren would really have a shot at the presidency , she 'll be a Mitt Romney-esque already-ran , not a bright shiny new candidate . That never helps . Sally I. Kohn : All the more reason to run now . Now is her moment . Now is our nation 's moment , crawling out of the economic crisis , still riddled with unprecedented economic inequality , we do n't need Elizabeth Warren to be president in four years or eight years or 16 . We need her now . Sally P. Kohn : I agree that Warren is transformational and has the bold vision we need right now . And is n't that exactly why she should n't run ? National big money political campaigns are where good ideas go to die . Sally I. Kohn : Maybe Elizabeth Warren can be the candidate to change all that , the candidate for the people , not the political process -- who even appeals to and unites independent and conservative voters who know the economy is ridiculously rigged for the rich and want government to stop aiding and abetting injustice . -LSB- They both laugh uproariously at the suggestion that politics could ever be about people , not big money . -RSB- Sally P. Kohn : What I will say is that now is definitely the moment for a woman president ! And Hillary 's the one with the best shot . Plus , for all her coziness with Wall Street and hawkish foreign policy , she 's still a bajillion times better than any of the Republican options . Heck , they have Congress for a few months and ca n't even govern themselves out of a paper bag . And if Hillary might not do as much as we 'd like to fix economic inequality , let 's be clear -- Republicans would just make it worse , like they did before . Which is what really worries me about Warren . There 's a reason they 're called "  spoiler candidates . " I do n't want her to spoil the Democrats ' chance to elect a woman this election . Sally I. Kohn : But no , that 's exactly why she has to run -- to make the party stronger , to make Hillary less economically centrist and quick on the military trigger . We need a bold progressive candidate we can rally behind in the primaries . And if Warren wins , great . Her vision also appeals to the broad majority of working people . And if she does n't win the primaries , still great -- we 've sent a clear message to Hillary and forced her to be more populist . Sally P. Kohn : Maybe ... Or maybe Warren runs and wastes all her political capital , making too many compromises to be a viable candidate and losing her pedestal as an irreverent outsider and then being defeated anyway , so she 's diminished in some of the power and leverage she had before , too . She 's a great leader now , right now , as is . The magnifying glass of a national campaign could expose her imperfections or even burn her up in the sun ... -LSB- She reaches for the suntan lotion . -RSB- Sally I. Kohn : ... or it could magnify her reach and impact . -LSB- She , too , reaches for the suntan lotion . -RSB- Sally P. Kohn : Maybe we just see things too differently . -LSB- They both stare down at their drinks and take another sip . -RSB- Sally P. Kohn : Hey , my margarita is half-empty . Sally I. Kohn : Oh , my pia colada is half-full . Sally P. Kohn : Either way , we both need more , eh ?	The Boston Globe and others have urged Elizabeth Warren to challenge Hillary Clinton 's likely candidacy Sally Kohn : The idealist in me wants her to run ; the pragmatist thinks we should taker a safer route
What was once an above-ground freight train line has become a major tourist attraction in Manhattan 's popular Meatpacking District . Open to the public since 2009 , the High Line elevated park is n't quite complete . A groundbreaking ceremony to mark the start of construction on the third and final section of the park was held last week , hosted by New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and Friends of the High Line co-founders Joshua David and Robert Hammond . "  The park has become a local treasure and an international icon , as well as an important generator of economic growth for our city , " said Bloomberg . The heart of Midtown Manhattan The new section of the High Line will be built in three phrases . The first phase , expected to be completed in 2014 , will cost an estimated $ 90 million , financed by a combination of public funds and private donations . It will extend from 30th Street to 34th Street to the west of 11th Avenue and will feature an interim walkway passing over Midtown 's Western Rail Yards . The second phase will be built to the east of 10th Avenue , as well as an area where the High Line will pass through Coach 's new headquarters building at 30th and 10th avenues . Finally , the third phase will upgrade the interim walkway and the western section of the first phase . Part of the West Side Improvement Project , the High Line opened in 1934 and allowed train traffic to run on tracks elevated 30 feet to put a halt to the years of accidents that had occurred at street level . "  An extraordinary " accomplishment Friends of the High Line , which advocates for preservation of the historic structures , was founded in 1999 by David and Hammond in response to a group of property owners who called for its demolition , according to the High Line website . "  In the decades to come , long after the final section is open to the public , the High Line will serve as a profound reminder of the extraordinary things we can achieve when the public and private sectors work together for the common good , " said Bloomberg .	The park will extend up to 34th Street into the heart of Midtown Manhattan New York 's mayor calls the park a local treasure and an international icon The next phase of park construction could cost $ 90 million
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Cholera is caused by becoming infected with a bacterium called vibrio cholera . It 's a disease that affects the bowels and in its most severe form is characterized by acute watery diarrhoea that can lead to immediate death through severe dehydration and kidney failure . A man from Zimbabwe wheels his sick relative to a cholera clinic . Almost 12,000 people have contracted cholera since August in Zimbabwe , and the outbreak threatens to kill even greater numbers as the water situation becomes more desperate . Unicef says it plans on providing a month 's supply of water treatment chemicals for the capital Harare where water supply has been cut off because the government of Robert Mugabe is unable to buy chemicals needed to clean tap water . With the world 's eyes on Zimbabwe where it is estimated that more than 500 people have already died , many myths and misconceptions abound about cholera . CNN compiles some crucial cholera facts : -- Unlike other diarrhoeal diseases , cholera can kill a healthy adult within hours . -- Cholera 's short incubation period of two hours to five days enhances the potential for increased outbreaks -- Seventy-five percent of people infected with cholera do not exhibit any symptoms . -- A total of 236 896 cases were reported in 2006 , an overall increase of 79 % compared with the number of cases reported in 2005 -- People who have HIV or are malnourished have a greater risk of dying from cholera than others . -- The disease is mostly spread through contaminated water and food supplies . -- The belief that cholera epidemics are caused by dead bodies after a disaster is false . -- Cholera remains a problem in almost every developing country -- If untreated , as many as one in two people may die . -- The true burden of the disease is grossly underestimated as not all cases are reported . Source : World Health Organization	Cholera is a disease that affects the bowels and untreated Malnourished and HIV-infected people are at a high risk for death if infected Cholera is transmitted through contaminated water and food supplies
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- An unemployed security guard from Ecuador is Spain 's top snoozer . Pedro Soria Lopez , 62 , was able to nap for 17 minutes and register a 70-decibel snore while sprawled out on a couch in the middle of a crowded shopping mall in what 's been billed as the first-ever Spanish National Siesta Championship , CNN sister network CNN Plus reported . The grand siesta champ won the first cash prize of 1,000 euros  about $ 1,400  in credit to purchase goods at the shopping center in Madrid . The competitors started off by lying down on blue sofas , some in pajamas . Each got to eat a lunch ahead of time , then had twenty minutes to get as much z 's as they could squeeze in . Hundreds of contestants took part in the siesta championship which began October 14 and ended Saturday . The intricate rules award points to contestants depending on how long they sleep during the 20-minute competition time , any unusual positions they sleep in , eye-catching pajamas they might be wearing , and yes , a lot of extra points for snoring . The sponsors say it 's meant to raise eyes to the problem of a country that 's become so fast-paced that many say the traditional siesta is at risk . "  The modern life is a danger that we feel is against the siesta . When you sleep la siesta everyone has the image that your life is calm , you have a good life . And then , the modern life is a direct attack , " said Daniel Blanco , president of the National Association of Friends of the Siesta earlier in the competition . His group , which includes about 50 of his friends across Spain , persuaded a shopping center , Islazul , to host and pay prize money for the siesta competition . In the competition , the siesta is limited to 20 minutes , a duration which the organizers and some doctors say is optimal ; a quick nap after lunch to get refreshed , without entering a deep sleep cycle . But the traditional siesta in Spain often lasts an hour or more . The bustling shopping center where the siesta championship is being held is a prime example of the changing times in Spain . The stores do n't close at lunchtime -- which is what used to happen with Spanish shops -- so instead of sleeping the siesta , people are working or shopping . Siesta lovers complain that Spain 's frenetic push to compete in the global economy means longer , more pressure-package workdays , even if some Spanish workers still get a two-hour lunch break . CNN 's Al Goodman contributed to this report .	Spain 's first national siesta championship wraps up in Madrid Winner napped for 17 minutes and registered a 70-decibel snore The siesta in Spain often lasts an hour or more Traditionalists blame pace of modern life for decline of siesta
New York  CNN  -- A New York judge has thrown out a lawsuit filed by a group of atheists , ruling that a pair of World Trade Center beams in the shape of a cross can be included in a memorial museum of the 9/11 terror attacks . American Atheists filed the lawsuit in July , arguing that the "  government enshrinement of the cross " was an impermissible mingling of church and state . The World Trade Center cross , two intersecting steel beams that held up when the twin towers collapsed on September 11 , 2001 , is seen as iconic to some . In 2011 : Cross moved to permanent 9/11 Memorial site The cross was moved in July from near a church to its new home at the 9/11 Memorial and Museum , located at ground zero in Lower Manhattan . Father Brian Jordan , a Franciscan priest who ministered to workers clearing the area after the attacks , led a ceremonial blessing of the cross . Federal Judge Deborah Batts of the Southern District of New York ruled Thursday that display of the beams is permissible because they bear historical importance . Note lets family know 9/11 victim went down fighting Named defendants included the museum , New Jersey , the city of New York , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie . "  The museum is gratified by the decision , " Mark Alcott , the lawyer for the 9/11 Memorial and Museum , told CNN on Friday . "  The plan has been to display this as one of hundreds and hundreds of artifacts ... because it is part of the history of the recovery efforts after the 911 attacks . "  For some of these people , -LSB- the cross -RSB- had symbolic significance , " he continued , referring to first responders . "  They treated it as a religious object and it gave them a great deal of comfort at a difficult time . The 9/11 museum is simply depicting what happened . " David Silverman , president of American Atheists , told CNN , "  We are angry that we have to have this fight . " Silverman said it was clear that the cross was regarded as sacred , noting that it "  was installed in a religious service on consecrated ground by a priest . How anyone could say that is secular is beyond me . " September 11 "  affected all Americans , not just Christians , " Silverman continued . "  We will not sit and let the 500 atheists who died on 9/11 go unnoticed . " Silverman said his group plans to appeal the decision . "  We are confident that we will eventually win this case and that cross will be removed , or atheists will be allowed to have our own symbol in there , " he said . Memorial tourism bears witness to tragedy	Two intersecting steel beams that stayed intact on WTC were treated as iconic Judge throws out a lawsuit by an atheist group challenging its inclusion in the 9/11 museum Judge : Museum 's display is permissible because the beams have historical importance 9/11 "  affected all Americans , not just Christians , " says president of American Atheists
Hong Kong  CNN  -- At this very moment , in a major Chinese city , a worker is boarding a train home . His journey is just one of 3.4 billion trips that will be taken during China 's Lunar New Year . An unprecedented number of Chinese will travel home this year to be with family and friends during the holiday , making it the world 's largest annual migration of people . Their yearly homecoming has been repeated over and over for the past two decades , reuniting families in the villages with the workers who have fueled China 's economic miracle . But that growth has come at a tremendous personal cost thanks in part to a household registration system called "  hukou . " The hukou is akin to an internal passport that divides the population into rural and urban residents . As such , migrant workers are prevented from accessing social services in the city they 're working in . Photos : China 's great migration The deeply discriminatory nature of China 's hukou system came into clear focus last month after the fatal collapse of a bridge in Henan . Local media reports said victims ' families with an urban hukou would receive 400,000 yuan in compensation compared to 180,000 yuan for those with a rural hukou . The institutionalized restriction of people 's movement in China goes back for centuries , and was re-introduced by the Communist Party after 1949 . Labor rights activist Han Dongfang of China Labor Bulletin says China 's booming economy in recent years has made many hukou restrictions disappear , especially those that restrict the freedom of movement . "  But restrictions on access to education , welfare , medical and housing benefits still exist and disproportionately affect the poorest and least educated citizens , " he says . "  In effect , the hukou system now only targets the poor . " Opinion : Why I dread Chinese New Year Han was a democracy activist who set up the Beijing Workers ' Autonomous Federation during the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests . He has spent the last two decades in exile in Hong Kong , defending worker rights in China . Though not many people outside China have heard of the hukou system , Han says they must for a very simple reason -- the bottom line . Meaningful hukou reform would bring more riches to China 's workers and the world . "  If 200 million Chinese workers , which is only about one-third of the total labor force in China , become regular consumers and taxpayers , not only will China 's economy benefit , the rest of the world will benefit as well , as China consumes more products and services from abroad . " Rob Schmitz , the China-based correspondent for Marketplace , often reports on labor issues in China . He puts the plight of China 's migrant workers under the hukou system in simple and stark terms : "  They are treated like illegal immigrants inside their own country . " And these "  illegals " make up a major portion of the urban populace . Beijing may have a population of over 20 million , but migrant workers make up a third of its residents . Thanks to the hukou system , one-third of the population of the Chinese capital are without access to basic services like health care and education . "  One of the biggest issues within the hukou system is the children , " says Schmitz . "  Many children are born in the large cities where their parents have moved to . This is their hometown , as far as they know it ... but once they turn a certain age , and if they want to go to college someday , they will have to move to where their household registration is in their ` lao jia ' or home village . " It 's no surprise that many migrant workers choose to leave their children behind in their hometown to be raised by their grandparents . They are called "  liu dong er tong " or "  floating children . " China Labour Bulletin estimates there are some 16 million children "  floating children " in China . The group says they have a substandard education . They 're more prone to violence and crime . They are more vulnerable to sexual abuse . What fortune will the Year of the Snake bring you ? Beijing has vowed to reform the hukou system as part of a greater urbanization drive -- encouraging more Chinese to move to cities where they can earn more and spend more . And China 's newest generation of migrant workers are pushing -- and protesting -- for that reform to come quickly . "  Today 's younger workers , who have greater aspirations and expectations than their parents , are much more likely to express their discontent with the system , especially the way it restricts their access to public schooling for their children , subsidized housing , health care , etc. , " says Han . "  They see themselves as urban residents and believe more that they should have equal access to such services . " Suki Chung of Labour Action China adds that China 's latest generation of workers are more rights-aware and willing to challenge the long-held registration system . "  For the first generation of migrant workers , their hometown subsidized them and their children could go to school at home . But the new generation want their family to stay in the city . " After two decades of the "  Great Migration , " China 's latest generation of workers simply want to stay put . To hell with the hukou .	Household registration system "  Hukou " behind China 's mass migration System divides the population into rural and urban residents Citizens can only access social services where they are registered Migrant workers have restricted access to education , welfare , medical and housing benefits
YANAGAWA , Japan  CNN  -- Wearing a Nashville School of Law T-shirt , Christopher Savoie walked into a second-floor police interrogation room . In one corner , a stopwatch was running to hold him to the 15 minutes allotted for the interview . A Tennessee court awarded Christopher Savoie custody of his son , Isaac , and daughter , Rebecca . "  I 'm so scared , " he said . Savoie chose his words carefully , lest police Officer Toshihiro Tanaka cut short the rare interview Savoie was granted with CNN on Thursday . There were so many rules : No recording devices . No tough questions . Speak only in Japanese . "  I want Americans to know what 's happening to me , " Savoie continued in Japanese . "  I did n't do anything wrong . Children have the right to see both parents . It 's very important for my children to know both parents . " But Japanese authorities disagree . They have charged Savoie , 38 , a Tennessee native and naturalized Japanese citizen , with kidnapping his two children -- 8-year-old Isaac and 6-year-old Rebecca -- as his estranged wife , Noriko , was walking them to school Monday in Yanagawa , a rural town in southern Japan . Watch what else Savoie had to say " He headed for the nearest U.S. consulate , in the city of Fukuoka , to try to obtain passports for the children , screaming at the guards to let him in the compound . He was steps away from the front gate but still standing on Japanese soil . Japanese police , alerted by his estranged wife , arrested him . The Savoies were divorced in Tennessee in January after 14 years of marriage . Christopher Savoie had visitation rights with his children , but after he returned from a short summer trip , his estranged wife fled to Japan with the children , according to court documents . A United States court then granted sole custody to Savoie . Watch why the case is complicated " Japanese law , however , recognizes Noriko Savoie as the primary custodian , regardless of the U.S. court order . The law there also follows a tradition of sole custody divorces . When the couple splits , one parent typically makes a complete and lifelong break from the children . Complicating the matter further is the fact that the couple is still considered married in Japan , because they never divorced there , police said Wednesday . And , police said , the children are Japanese and have Japanese passports . A 1980 Hague Convention standardized laws on international child abduction . But Japan is not a party to that agreement . Savoie was out of luck . If a child in Japan is taken against the wishes of the recognized Japanese parent , the person who took the child is considered an abductor . "  Japanese people think she 's the victim here , " Savoie said . "  In the States , my ex-wife is the one who 's in the wrong . " U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley recognized this case as a difficult one . Even though the United States has strong ties with Japan , on this particular issue , the two nations ' points of view could not differ more , he said . In Yanagawa , those who have heard about the abduction case tend to side with the woman . "  They belong with their real mother , " said one woman , herself a mother of two children . But most have not heard of the case , because it has not been reported in local newspapers or on television . Savoie 's attorney , Tadashi Yoshino , knows the cultural divide will be hard to overcome . "  He technically may have committed a crime according to Japanese law but he should n't be indicted , " Yoshino said . "  He did it for the love of his children . " Savoie , a law student who already has a Ph.D. and a M.D. , will spend 10 days in jail while Japanese prosecutors sort out the details of the case . In the interrogation room , Savoie appeared exhausted . Tears welled in his eyes . He glanced over at the police officer , then paused to regain composure . "  I love you , Isaac , Rebecca , " he said . "  Your daddy loves you forever . I 'll be patient and strong until the day comes that I can see you both again . I am very sorry that I ca n't be with you . " He was grateful be able to get the words out . Moments earlier , the interview had almost ended after Savoie blurted out in English : "  I love you , " a message intended for his current wife , Amy , in Nashville . Then , as is Japanese custom , he bowed . And from the other side of the glass barrier , he gave a thumbs up , mouthing the words , "  Thank you . "	Man charged with abducting his own children denies committing breach Japanese custom , law on custody differ sharply from those in U.S. Japan is not party to 1980 convention that standardized abduction laws All parties in current case are Japanese citizens
CNN  -- World Twenty20 champions Pakistan were left stunned after none of their players were signed up for the lucrative Indian Premier League cricket tournament in Tuesday 's auction . With this year 's budget slashed from $ 2 million per team to just $ 750,000 , only 11 of the 66 international players on offer were snapped up . West Indies all-rounder Kieron Pollard and veteran New Zealand pace bowler Shane Bond were the biggest winners as the Mumbai Indians and the Kolkata Knight Riders respectively used their entire allocated funds to sign them for the 2010 season . But Pakistan 's Twenty20 captain Shahid Afridi , one of the world 's most explosive players in the limited-overs format , failed to secure a place along with teammates highly-rated Mohammad Aamer , Umar Gul and Umar Akmal . Afridi 's manager blamed the Indian government for continuing its long-running tensions with Pakistan . "  I 'd heard prior to the auction that franchises were being advised not to bid for Pakistani players as the players from Pakistan would not be issued with visas by the Indian government , and that is precisely what has happened , " Umar Khan told www.pakpassion.net . "  The Indian Premier League have been using Afridi 's name and pictures to publicize the tournament and to build up the hype , and he was expected to be one of the most popular players amongst the franchises . " Big-hitting all-rounder Afridi was stunned to be left out , having played for the Deccan Chargers in 2008 but did not feature last year as the team won the title . "  I 'm stunned by the omission and , yes , I 'm obviously very disappointed as I was really looking forward to playing once again in the Indian Premier League and testing my skills against the world 's best players and against friends and colleagues , " he said . "  I thought I would be picked and am very surprised at the outcome of the auction . " Pollard was sought by four teams , with Mumbai heading off Kolkata , the Royal Challengers Bangalore and the Chennai Super Kings after making a sealed-envelope final bid . The 22-year-old Pollard , who has played only 15 one-dayers and 10 Twenty20 internationals , takes $ 750,000 as his payment while the undisclosed extra money goes to the IPL . The 34-year-old Bond , who has retired from Test cricket to prolong his career , has been welcomed into the IPL fold despite having signed up with its unsanctioned rival Indian Cricket League , which has not been staged since 2008 . He went into the auction with a $ 100,000 reserve price tag , but both Kolkata and the Chargers bid the full amount for him . West Indies fast bowler Kemar Roach went to the Chargers for $ 720,000 while Delhi Daredevils signed South Africa fast bowler Wayne Parnell for $ 610,000 -- $ 510,000 more than his reserve price . Former India batsman Mohammad Kaif was sold to the Kings XI Punjab franchise for $ 250,000 after his contract was bought out by the Rajasthan Royals , while Bangalore signed England one-day specialist Eoin Morgan for $ 220,000 . Rajasthan also snapped up former Australia batsman Damien Martyn  $ 100,000  and his compatriot Adam Voges  $ 50,000  , while Chennai Super Kings signed South Africa 's Justin Kemp  $ 100,000  and Sri Lanka 's Thissara Perera  $ 50,000  . In the only other sale , Punjab bought South Africa 's Yusuf Abdulla for $ 50,000 . Meanwhile , India reached 122-1 in their second innings at stumps on the third day of the opening Test against Bangladesh in Chittagong , having bowled out the home side for 242 . The tourists narrowly avoided conceding a first-innings deficit for the first time against cricket 's lowest-ranked Test nation , with Bangladesh falling one run short after resuming on 59-3 after bad light and fogged delayed the start of play on Tuesday . Mahmudullah scored a personal best 69 as he added 108 for the seventh wicket with Mushfiqur Rahim  44  , but spinner Amit Mishra cleaned up the tail to finish with three wickets to match the feat of left-arm seamer Zaheer Khan . Mishra was then unbeaten on 24 at stumps along with opener Gautam Gambhir , who made 47 after putting on 90 for the first wicket with Virender Sehwag  45  . CNN 's Harmeet Singh contributed to this report .	No Pakistan players are bought in auction for lucrative Indian Premier League cricket series Only 11 of the 66 players on offer were snapped up as budgets slashed to $ 750,000 West Indies all-rounder Kieron Pollard went for the full amount as four teams bid for him Veteran New Zealand pace bowler Shane Bond also sold for maximum $ 750,000
Washington  CNN  -- Young illegal immigrants can start applying on August 15 for two-year deferrals from deportation , but will have to pay $ 465 in fees , a top immigration official announced Friday . The announcement provided the first details of the Obama administration 's policy change announced June 15 that provides some illegal immigrants who came to the United States as children a path to an employment authorization card without fear of getting deported . Under the new policy , people younger than 30 who came to the United States before the age of 16 , pose no criminal or security threat , and were successful students or served in the military can get a two-year deferral from deportation as well as an employment authorization card . Participants must be able to prove they have lived continuously in the United States since June 15 , 2007 -- five years before the change was announced -- and must have entered the country without inspection or had their lawful immigration status expire . Young immigrants prepare for new U.S. deportation policy Alejandro Mayorkas , director of the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services , said the application process will include providing biometric information and undergoing a background check . Applicants who commit fraud in the application process , pose a security threat or have been convicted of serious crimes will be ineligible and subject to prosecution , he said . In all other cases , according to Mayorkas , information submitted in the application process will not be used for immigration enforcement . A senior administration official told reporters on background that the goal is to maximize participation by eligible young illegal immigrants , so a strong privacy policy is important . Other details announced Friday made clear that while successful applicants would avoid deportation for two years , there is no mechanism involved that would speed up or ease their path to full citizenship . Conservative critics of the new policy said it amounted to a "  backdoor " amnesty by the Obama administration to appease Hispanic supporters angered by the lack of comprehensive immigration reform since the president took office . The policy change was in essence an administrative step to mimic some provisions of the DREAM Act backed by Obama and Democrats that was blocked by Republicans in Congress . Opinion : Indiana gets real on immigration In announcing the change on June 15 , Obama said it will make immigration policy "  more fair , more efficient and more just . " Noting children of illegal immigrants "  study in our schools , play in our neighborhoods , befriend our kids , pledge allegiance to our flag , " Obama said that "  it makes no sense to expel talented young people who are , for all intents and purposes , Americans . " However , Obama and other administration officials said Congress still needs to pass the DREAM Act and tackle immigration reform because the policy change in June was designed to address an immediate need , rather than be a permanent solution . The change was part of a Department of Homeland Security effort to target resources at illegal immigrants who pose a serious threat , such as criminals and those trying to enter the country now , officials say . By halting deportations of younger immigrants who pose no threat , the department hopes to unclog a backlog of 300,000 immigration cases . In addition , the election-year move was widely praised by Hispanic-American leaders , many of whom previously criticized Obama for an overall increase in deportations of illegal aliens since he took office . In 2011 , U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement removed 396,906 illegal immigrants , the largest number in the agency 's history . The Hispanic-American vote is vital to Obama 's chances for winning re-election in November . In the conference call Friday with reporters , the senior administration official said the fees charged for applications are intended to cover the cost of implementing the policy change . No general fee waiver exists , but an exemption may be granted in exceptional cases , such as homelessness or disabilities , the official said . The official also warned people that applications will only be accepted starting August 15 , and warned that anyone who offers to expedite the process or start it earlier would be unauthorized and likely running a scam . Do n't deport the ` tamale lady ' CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	U.S. officials announce some details of policy change on young illegal immigrants Requests for two-year deferrals of deportation can be submitted starting August 15 Applicants also must apply simultaneously for an employment authorization card The information wo n't be used for immigration enforcement except in specific cases
CNN  -- The people of Newtown , Connecticut , on Saturday are remembering a tragedy that convulsed the nation one year ago . A socially awkward young man walked into Sandy Hook Elementary School with a rifle on December 14 , 2012 . Adam Lanza gunned down 20 children , ages 6 and 7 , and six adults at the school . Then he killed himself . The people in this community of 28,000 in the southwest part of the state hope to grieve in private . Town leaders have asked the news media to stay away . "  There 's an emotional and economic toll that we pay when the media descends on us , so we ask for your forbearance after today and respectfully request that you allow us a time of peace and quiet , " said Pat Llodra , the town 's first selectman , a role similar to that of mayor . In Washington , President Obama and the first lady observed a moment of silence and lit candles in honor of those lost in the massacre . Obama devoted his weekly address on Saturday to the one-year anniversary of the shooting . "  As parents , as Americans , the news filled us with grief , " Obama said in his address . "  Newtown is a town like so many of our hometowns . The victims were educators and kids that could have been any of our own . And our hearts were broken for the families that lost a piece of their heart ; for the communities changed forever ; for the survivors , so young , whose innocence was torn away far too soon . " Obama honored the "  impossibly brave " Newtown parents "  who stepped forward in the hopes that they might spare others their heartbreak . And they were joined by millions of Americans -- mothers and fathers ; sisters and brothers -- who refused to accept these acts of violence as somehow inevitable . " "  Over the past year , their voices have sustained us . And their example has inspired us -- to be better parents and better neighbors ; to give our children everything they need to face the world without fear ; to meet our responsibilities not just to our own families , but to our communities . More than the tragedy itself , that 's how Newtown will be remembered , " Obama said . Many news organizations said they 'll honor that request by not reporting in the city of Newtown itself , but that was before Friday 's shooting at Arapahoe High in Colorado . The news value of Newtown has gone up . CNN will air a documentary about Newtown at 7 p.m. ET on Saturday . Media vow to remember Newtown tragedy in respectful manner Nobody knows why Lanza , 20 , killed the children and adults at the school , his mother at the home they shared , and himself . He had attended the school briefly , but that was years ago . Last month , Connecticut 's state attorney 's office released its official report that tried to piece together what happened . The investigation provided some insights into the life and actions of the gunman , but his motive remains a mystery . The report suggested that improving the delivery of mental health care to those with chronic mental illness may be an important element in reducing certain acts of violence , and that mass shooters are not "  enthralled " with violent video games . After Newtown , mental health gains prominence in gun debate The unanswered questions deepen the tragedy of Newtown , the second-deadliest school shooting in U.S. history , following the April 2007 slaying of 32 people at Virginia Tech . The shootings also caused a renewal of the debate over gun control . Obama addressed that issue in his Saturday remarks . "  We have n't yet done enough to make our communities and our country safer . We have to do more to keep dangerous people from getting their hands on a gun so easily . We have to do more to heal troubled minds . We have to do everything we can to protect our children from harm and make them feel loved , and valued , and cared for , " he said . "  As a nation , we ca n't stop every act of violence . We ca n't heal every troubled mind . But if we want to live in a country where we can go to work , send our kids to school , and walk our streets free from fear , we have to keep trying . We have to keep caring . We have to treat every child like they 're our child . Like those in Sandy Hook , we must choose love . And together , we must make a change . " Newtown a year later	NEW : President Obama remembers Newtown One year ago , Adam Lanza killed 20 young children , 6 adults No motive has been uncovered for Lanza 's actions Town leaders have asked the media to respect town 's privacy
CNN  -- Anyone who has been deceived by a punchbowl at a party , or a diet-busting cake , will recognize the value of knowing exactly what you are eating . A new pocket scanner promises to deliver that power by giving the user an instant breakdown of alcohol , sugar , or calorie content before they consume . The USB-shaped ` SCiO ' device was launched through a Kickstarter campaign earlier in the week and reached its target within 24 hours , with devices available for as little as $ 149 . The product of Israeli start-up Consumer Physics , it uses spectrometry to read the "  molecular fingerprint " of an object , shining near Infra-Red light on it which stimulates the molecules and then records their reactions . An accompanying app then displays the nutrient values on a smart phone , measuring fat , protein and carbohydrate levels to the milligram , as well as overall quality . This underlying technology has been industry standard for decades in quality control of oil , sewage or chemicals . But SCiO is the first portable spectrometer for consumers , and offers far greater versatility of application . The product , developed by engineers from leading institutions such as MIT and Harvard , has been tested in live demonstrations with high accuracy . The final product will be sent to backers this year . "  The first application is for consumers interested to know the nutritional value of what they 're eating " , Dror Sharon , CEO of Consumer Physics , told CNN . "  I often meet people who do n't know what 's in cheese , fruit and vegetables and have a hard time discerning what they should eat . "  I think this can be empowering if people want to change their intake , whether for medical reasons or training , and can be educational in teaching us to make better nutritional choices . " Uses do not end with food . Apps are available to analyze medicine or the health of houseplants . SCiO could be a protective tool for clubbers keen to check if their drink has been spiked , or patients to see if their pills are as advertised . The device could be applied to the environment as well as consumed objects -- an athlete could scan their track or field in order to optimize its playability . Sharon acknowledges the device has limitations , suggesting it can identify elements between "  0.1 % to 1 % " of the overall chemical makeup , and that it would need to be more robust to be an effective guide for allergy sufferers . The sensor can also be disrupted by interference such as packaging . Yet hand held spectrometry still represents a long sought-after breakthrough for the industry . "  The challenge has always been calibration that works for different materials " , says Dr Bryan Curtiss , molecular scientist and head of technology at spectrometry firm ASDI . "  What they 've done is quite an ingenious approach as the device only measures the spectrum , and then applies calibration  in the algorithm cloud  and sends results , so the lab system and software have been centralized . " The success of the Kickstarter campaign indicates a substantial market , and addresses a genuine need says Quantified Self technologist Maarten Van Braaben : "  This is answering a question as food checking has never been automated well , and this offers a less tedious process . " SCiO will have rivals in this new marketplace . Canadian company TellSpec will launch their own hand held spectrometer this year , focused on food , while calorie sensing wristbands such as the HealBeGoBe are also close to market . Van Brabben foresees further innovation with the technology . "  If you could have the same spectrometry analysis through the camera on your phone that would be a popular concept , and I think it 's not far off , perhaps two or three years . " Consumer Physics are providing a ` maker kit ' for developers to use their technology in any form they wish , and Sharon hopes they can become as ubiquitous as smart phones with billions in circulation .	New device allows users to check the nutritional value of food SCiO , which was funded by Kickstarter , can detect if a drink has been spiked It can also be used to analyze medicine contents or the health of houseplants In two or three years people may be able to analyze food content via their smart phones
CNN  They were two rising stars of American skiing -- colorful personalities with bright hopes for the future . Their deaths in an avalanche at a resort in the Austrian Alps have left their friends on the U.S. Ski Team in shock . "  I have n't cried like this in a very long time , " Katie Ryan , a member of the Alpine B Team , wrote on her blog , in a post titled "  Ski in Peace Boys . " Ronnie Berlack , 20 , and Bryce Astle , 19 were two development-level ski racers who were among six people skiing when the avalanche struck . The four others were able to ski out of danger . "  The sudden deaths of Ronnie and Bryce will shake the entire Ski Racing community as it has shaken me , " Ryan wrote on her blog . "  They were funny oddballs , great teammates and fierce competitors . I have no doubt they would have gone on the race World Cup and beyond , " she wrote . "  My heart breaks for their families , for the teammates who witnessed it all and for their coaches . " It 's a "  very sad day for the U.S. Ski Team , said head men 's coach Sasha Rearick on CNN Tuesday . "  We 're holding strong as a family together . For sure it 's been an emotional 24 hours . " Hopes for future In his last post on Instagram , Astle hinted at his hopes for the coming year and beyond . "  2014 was definitely badass ... but 2015 will be badasser , " said his caption on a photo of sunlight bursting over craggy snow-covered mountains . The post , from five days ago , said he had ended the year at the Alta Ski Area in Utah and was next heading "  off to Europe ! " One of the hashtags he added was #roadtopyeongchang , a reference to the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang , South Korea . Astle , from Sandy , Utah , had been invited to train with the development team . He was 13th in giant slalom at the U.S. Alpine Championships last March , ending as the top junior . Skier Devin Davis , who roomed with Astle at U.S. nationals , called him "  sunshine on a cloudy day . " "  He showed me the joy of the sport and the love and the passion and made me want to come back and keep skiing , " Davis told CNN affiliate KSL . "  Brice always had a smile on his face , always enjoyed whatever he was doing -- whether it was training hard or hanging with friends , " said Rearick . Berlack , from Franconia , New Hampshire , was named to the U.S. Ski Team 's Development Team after a spring 2013 tryout camp . He finished 11th in downhill and 17th in super G at the 2013 U.S. Alpine Championships in Squaw Valley , California . An autographed photo of Berlack hangs in Franconia Village Store . "  He was a fine young man , " owner Steve Heath told CNN affiliate WMUR . "  Always had a big smile on his face . We 're always real happy to see him . The type of kid that would come in and say , ` Hi Steve , ' and look right at you . ' " Heath said Berlack was in the store during the holidays . His parents and sister live in the town , WMUR reported . The skier told the store owner that he was heading to Europe to ski the Europa races , the affiliate said . Berlack had attended Burke Mountain Academy in Vermont , which released a statement saying that the skier was "  loved and deeply respected " and praising his "  huge spirit . " "  He was a talent , but more than a talent , he was someone who did n't see limitations , " school headmaster Kirk Dwyer told WMUR . "  And he thought that if he wanted to achieve something , he just set his mind out to do it , and generally he did . " "  Everyone loved -LSB- Berlack 's -RSB- enthusiasm for being part of the team , " said Rearick . Rescuers ` tried everything to save them ' Hansjoerg Posch , a cable car manager at the resort in Soelden where the two Americans were killed , said they and the other four skiers left the safe slopes and went out into an open area Monday . There had been a lot of wind over the past few days that had moved new snow into the area before the avalanche , Posch told CNN . The avalanche risk was set at level 3 out of 5 , with warnings on TV and radio not to go off piste , he said . A team of around 60 rescuers , including dogs and two helicopters , took 40 to 50 minutes to find Astle and Berlack , Posch said , adding that it took so long because the two Americans were n't wearing gear that sends out signals to rescuers after avalanches . Four U.S. men 's skiers tried immediately to rescue their teammates . "  The amount of strength and courage that those individuals demonstrated was remarkable , " said Rearick . The searchers eventually found the two men about 3 to 4 meters  10 to 13 feet  under the snow , he said . The rescue team "  tried everything to save them " but without success , Posch said . Tom Kelly , the vice president of communications with the U.S. Ski Team , said the four surviving skiers had no injuries -- "  none whatsoever . " Ryan talked on her blog about the risk that skiers face from avalanches . "  It could have been any one or all of those six boys caught in that avalanche , " she said . "  It could have been any two of my teammates . It could have been me . " CNN 's Erin McLaughlin and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	"  I have n't cried like this in a very long time , " a U.S. Ski Team member says She describes Ronnie Berlack and Bryce Astle as "  funny oddballs , great teammates " Astle 's friend and fellow skier calls him "  sunshine on a cloudy day "
CNN  -- "  Two professors , both alike in dignity , in fair Geneva where we lay our scene . " When it is finally written , the story of one of the greatest scientific discoveries of our age may begin something like this . Last month , two eminent professors -- Peter Higgs and Francois Englert -- were jointly awarded one of science 's greatest honours : the Nobel Prize in Physics . The award came on the back of the dramatic announcement last year that the Large Hadron Collider  LHC  , based in Geneva , had made an astonishing discovery : a new particle , a Higgs Boson , had been comprehensively proven to exist . Physicists around the world rejoiced -- some wept openly . Years of speculation , theory and research had suddenly been validated . In typical Scandinavian understatement , Staffan Normark , permanent secretary of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said "  This year 's prize is about something small that makes all the difference . " The discovery came as a major puzzle piece in the way physicists understand the universe . The "  Standard Model " of physics , which some regard as a "  theory of almost everything " suffered from a significant "  missing link " before the discovery of the Higgs Boson . Now there seemed to be a reason why particles have mass ; now we had a key to understanding our 4 % of the universe and perhaps access to understanding the other 96 % of the universe as well . But just as one set of answers were being revealed , more questions immediately presented themselves . CNN Labs spoke to some of the world 's top physicists about what the discovery of the Higgs Boson means , and what questions now need to be addressed . Joel Butler , a scientist at the prestigious Fermilab laboratory in Illinois said : "  The big question is why the Higgs  particle  , with a mass more than 100 times that of the proton , is so light . That question is not answered by our picture of the universe " Jon Butterworth , Head of Physics and Astronomy at University College London , says that in his view : "  There are issues like what is dark matter ?  And  why is the universe mostly matter not antimatter ? " Hitoshi Murayama , a professor of physics at UC Berkeley , says : "  The main question is this : we have never seen an elementary particle without spin . Electron , quarks , photon , etc all have spins ... The Higgs boson may actually have spin but it is spinning in extra dimensions of space we can not see . We really need to know the true nature and context of this newly discovered particle . " To answer these questions the Large Hadron Collider will soon be joined by another massive experimental facility -- the International Linear Collider  ILC  . Like the LHC , the ILC will be a vast machine that stretches for miles beneath the earth . A site for the ILC has yet to be determined . The history of science is replete with machines that have helped scientists make significant breakthroughs , providing the kind of quantifiable , testable , reproducible data science requires to progress . From Marie Curie 's ionization chamber used in the discovery of spontaneous radioactivity , to Cathode ray tubes which led to the discovery of the electron , to Geiger counters and more recently the Large Hadron Collider , discoveries have come from equipment both big and small ; simple and complex . The ILC sits as the latest in a long line of machines designed to advance physics , but what exactly will it do that the LHC can not ? Tim Meyer , Head of Strategic Planning and Communications at TRIUMF , Canada 's national laboratory for particle and nuclear physics , says that it will be able to produce many more Higgs particles than the vast collider in Geneva , and will offer new levels of accuracy . "  The ILC will be able to study the Higgs precisely , " he said . "  It will be a Higgs factory and will be able to make measurements of the Higgs ' properties with 3 % relative precision as opposed to the LHC 's 25 % relative precision , people believe ... The ILC could ` crack open the Higgs ' and reveal the mysteries of nature 's first spin-zero particle . " Brian Foster , the European Regional Director for the International Linear Collider , says that it is not impossible that the vast machine could help us discover an overarching theory of everything . "  If we are lucky , the ILC can detect a whole new family of particles that might help us to realize Einstein 's dream of uniting all the theories of physics into one overarching and conceptually simple theory , " Foster says . A decision to begin construction on the International Linear Collider is currently expected by 2015 . Monique Rivalland contributed to this article	The International Linear Collider aims to "  discover an overarching theory of everything " The vast new facility will increase understanding of the Higgs Boson , commonly known as the "  God particle " Research into the particle led to the awarding of this year 's Nobel Prize in Physics
CNN  Fox News host Bill O'Reilly , grappling with accusations that he embellished and/or fabricated reports placing him at the center of dramatic news events , tipped his hand more than he realized by threatening one of the many journalists asking questions about the accuracy of his accounts . "  I am coming after you with everything I have , " O'Reilly told New York Times reporter Emily Steel . "  You can take it as a threat . " Bad move , Bill . In the real world of tough guys  as opposed to celebrity blowhards  , that kind of empty threat only comes from a sore loser -- somebody unable to control or hide his anger , fright and impotence over the fact he has been cornered and beaten . There is nothing O'Reilly can do to harm The New York Times , its reporters or any other journalist doing their job , and he surely knows that . So why the tantrum ? Part of it is O'Reilly 's style . He is a fabulously wealthy , best-selling author and the host of a show that has dominated prime-time cable news for many years . One way he got to the top of the heap was by styling himself as a plain-spoken , working-class battler , willing to mix it up verbally with those who disagree with him . As ex-Rep . Barney Frank -- a gay , outspokenly liberal Democrat who sparred with O'Reilly -- explained to The Daily Beast : "  When you go on his show , you have two choices : either be reasonable and let him dominate with his ranting , or yell back at him . You either look timid or as boorish as he is . " The verbal fireworks make for a certain kind of TV that can be fun to watch and has proved enormously popular , but it does n't give O'Reilly a pass to make things up and not get called on it . His dramatic claims to have reported from a war zone during the Falklands conflict -- an account complete with troops firing into crowds , a gun pointed at his head and O'Reilly saving a gravely wounded colleague -- has been disputed by seven of his colleagues who were on assignment in Argentina with him . More recently , reporters have questioned O'Reilly 's claim -- printed in his book , "  Killing Kennedy " -- to have heard the gunshot that killed George de Mohrenschildt , a friend of Lee Harvey Oswald , the man who killed President John Kennedy . Mohrenschildt 's death was dramatic , important news : He killed himself in Florida shortly after being contacted by congressional investigators probing the assassination . It 's hard to believe that O'Reilly , then working on stories about the assassination for Dallas television station WFAA , would have sat on the news that he was present and heard the shotgun blast that killed Mohrenschildt . Once again , a little probing by journalists turns up evidence from reliable sources that O'Reilly 's account is probably false . Jefferson Morley , a former Washington Post editor , has posted audio tapes of O'Reilly talking with a congressional investigator around the time of the incident in conversations that leave little doubt that O'Reilly was in Dallas at the time Mohrenschildt died . "  He was in Dallas " says Tracy Rowlett , who worked at WFAA at the time , according to the Huffington Post . "  Bill O'Reilly 's a phony -- there 's no other way to put it . " Sally Quinn , former columnist and veteran Washington insider who is a friend of O'Reilly 's , defended him in a way that is less than helpful . "  O'Reilly is an entertainer and everything he does is totally subjective , including his memories , " she told The Daily Beast . "  To attack him is simply to increase his ratings and the sales of his phenomenally popular books . Lighten up , everybody . " That 's easier said than done , especially after O'Reilly chose to start threatening reporters . His best move now would be to do the difficult , responsible thing , the thing truly great journalists have been doing for decades : admit he screwed up , apologize and try to move on . That might damage his brand as the swaggering no-spin guy , and it might even lose him some viewers . But it would begin to restore his reputation in a profession that is n't perfect and does n't expect its practitioners to be -- but also does n't expect valid questions to be answered with the snarling , empty threats of a coward .	Errol Louis : Bill O'Reilly , accused of fabricating reports , threatened NYT reporter , saying : "  I 'm coming after you ... " Louis : He placed himself in stories he was not in , former colleagues say . O'Reilly should come clean , apologize
CNN  -- A Japanese rocket roared into orbit early Friday  Thursday afternoon ET  carrying what NASA calls its most precise instrument yet for measuring rain and snowfall . The Global Precipitation Measurement  GPM  satellite is the first of five earth science launches NASA has planned for 2014 . The 4-ton spacecraft is the most sophisticated platform yet for measuring rainfall , capable of recording amounts as small as a hundredth of an inch an hour , said Gail Skofronick Jackson , GPM 's deputy project scientist . The $ 900 million satellite is a joint project with the Japanese space agency JAXA , and it lifted off from Tanegashima Space Center at 3:37 a.m. Friday  1:37 p.m. Thursday ET  . In a little over a half hour , it had reached orbit , deployed its solar panels and began beaming signals back to its controllers , NASA said . Also , once fully activated , GPM will use both radar and microwave instruments to detect falling snow for the first time . It will also combine data from other satellites with its own readings , beaming back a snapshot of worldwide precipitation every three hours , Jackson said . "  We can start using the data for all sorts of applications -- for floods , for landslide predictions , for tracking hurricanes so we know what part of the coastline to evacuate , " Jackson said . That data will boost not only immediate storm forecasts , but also aid climate scientists who have been working on long-term models of a changing world . "  We can start validating and verifying what the scientists are saying from the models that say we 're going to have more extreme precipitation , " she said . "  Where there 's heavy precipitation now , the climate models are saying there 'll continue to be more intense precipitation there , and where there 's droughts , they think the droughts will be more intense . " The craft has enough fuel for at least five years and is expected to last longer -- so when combined with earlier missions , it will give NASA an unbroken 25 - to 30-year rainfall record , Jackson said .	Satellite will beam back the most precise measurements of rain and snow yet It is launched in Japan NASA says it will help both short-term forecasts and long-term climate projections
CNN  -- Sandra Fisher heard the sound of running water in her Charleston , West Virginia , home on Monday for the first time in four days after a chemical leak fouled water supplies for hundreds of thousands of people . Fisher was one of the first 5,000 customers , many of them large commercial users , who were told they could start flushing out their pipes after thousands of gallons of 4-methylcyclohexane methanol poured out of from a storage facility on the nearby Elk River on Thursday . The licorice-scented chemical , typically used to clean coal , got into Charleston 's water supply , resulting in 300,000 people being told not to drink , cook or wash with water from their own taps . "  I knew a licorice smell in the air was something that could n't be good , " Fisher told CNN . "  I did n't think it was candy . " The West Virginia American Water Co. said it had lifted the do-not-use order for 26,000 customers by the end of the day . Flushing the final traces of contaminants from home and business water pipes could take days , said Jeff McIntyre , the water company 's president . And officials asked that water customers not rush to turn on their faucets until told to do so , for fear that demand could cause pressure in the lines to falter , introducing yet more problems . "  It 's certainly going to go into tomorrow , and I 'm not sure how much longer , " Randy Huffman , the head of the state Department of Environmental Protection , told CNN 's The Situation Room . See West Virginia American Water Co. status map The state put water restrictions into effect Thursday after discovering that about 7,500 gallons of the chemical , known as MCHM , had leaked into the Elk River just above a drinking water plant . Authorities told residents in nine West Virginia counties to stop using their water for everything except flushing toilets , and to watch for symptoms of exposure such as skin irritation , nausea , vomiting or wheezing . The spill left Charleston residents scrambling for bottled water to wash their hands , brush their teeth and cook . Without safe water , schools and many businesses were forced to close . The U.S. Department of Homeland Security and the water company trucked in bottled water , and police , firefighters and National Guard troops helped distribute it around Charleston , where resident Jen Williamson reported that most stores had been restocked by Monday . "  Disposable plates and utensils , etc. are in short supply but some local churches are giving those away , " Williamson wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  We are definitely trying to prevent dirty dishes but they are stacking up quickly . The problem is that when they say the water is fine to drink , do we believe them ? " She 's not alone in her doubts . "  I 'm not going to drink it for a while , " Charleston resident Kate Long said . And Fisher said , "  I will be concerned probably for the rest of the time that I live here . " But Jerry Dawson , who works in the first zone allowed to begin using water , said he 's sure county , state and water company officials have done all they need to do to ensure water safety . "  I 'm tickled to death to get my water back , " he said Monday afternoon . By Monday morning , water tests showed that levels of the chemical detected at water intakes had declined to well under the 1 part per million safety standard for consumption . Finished water showed even less of the contaminant , but people would probably still smell the chemical in their water even after flushing , Huffman said . Some residents have complained of irritation of the skin , throat , chest and stomach , Dr. Rahul Gupta of the Kanawha-Charleston Health Department said over the weekend . As of Monday morning , hospitals had seen 231 people for complaints related to contaminated water , admitting 14 of them , said Karen Bowling , secretary of the state 's Department of Health and Human Resources . But calls to poison control centers had been declining , she said . But the unknowns made residents anxious . "  They do n't even know what the health risks are , " Stacy Kirk of Culloden told CNN affiliate WSAZ . "  We had bathed , cooked and everything right before the news came on  with the water warning  . " More than 20 lawsuits had already been filed , and a Charleston judge ordered the company at the source of the leak , Freedom Industries , and West Virginia American to preserve all relevant documents and physical evidence Monday . Absorbent booms lowered into the Elk River to contain the spill are coming out clean of any contaminants and without any odor , suggesting that the material has stopped leaking into the river , said Mike Dorsey , chief of the Department of Environmental Protection 's Homeland Security and Emergency Response group . He said the agency is sending pumping equipment to the site to help deal with heavy rain expected soon in a bid to prevent any contamination from escaping from the site in runoff . No problems have been detected with fish kills or other effects on wildlife , Huffman said . Dorsey said earlier that the chemical leaked through a 1-inch hole in the wall of a storage tank owned by Freedom Industries , which supplies products for the coal mining industry . It moved through the soil into the river . Officials do n't know exactly when the leak began , but they do n't think it was long before Thursday morning , when it was first reported . Freedom Industries President Gary Southern said two Freedom employees noticed material leaking from a storage tank into a dike about 10:30 a.m. Thursday . They contacted authorities and began the cleanup process , including hauling away the chemical still in the tank and vacuuming some from the nearby ground , he said . C.W. Sigman , deputy emergency manager for Kanawha County , said the tank appeared to be "  antique . " He told CNN on Saturday that the company "  did n't appear to understand the magnitude of the incident at the time . " "  I never got a good indication from the plant folks how bad the leak was , how much was going to the river , anything else . It was probably a little ways into the incident before we realized how bad it was getting into the river . " CNN 's Alina Machado , Meridith Edwards , David Williams , Mayra Cuevas , Joe Sutton , Tom Watkins and Ralph Ellis contributed to this report .	NEW : Water coming back , but "  I 'm not going to drink it for a while , " resident says NEW : Water company says 26,000 customers OK 'd for use About 300,000 West Virginians have been without tap water since a Thursday chemical spill Chemical spilled into Elk River from leaking storage tank near water treatment facility
CNN  -- Moms everywhere like to ask their unmarried daughters dreaded questions like : Why are you still single ? Are you married yet ? Anyone catch your eye ? Especially around Valentine 's Day . Sure , we 've seen Carrie Bradshaw agonize over the issue , watched Bridget Jones ' awkwardness around it , heard Amelie 's lamentations au Francais , and we 've even heard from the lovable Mindy Kaling vis-a-vis her Indian-American perspective . But , we have n't heard the modern African woman 's story . Being an unmarried African woman in her childbearing years is like being a manicurist with a hand tremor : very odd and rather tricky . She is expected to marry early and marry well . African mothers , then , are in a deep crisis . They immigrated to the United States with the hopes that their daughters would get a good education and fulfill the American Dream . But they never considered that , along with having all that modernity , their daughters would , like the rest of America 's young , empowered women , be so "  late " in marriage . Granted , African moms are not alone in their hopes . But still , some of them seem particularly affected . What shall they do ? Well , first , they might accept that their daughters have not just a "  double consciousness , " as W. E. B. Dubois termed it , but rather infinite consciousnesses , complicating their very blackness . If an upper middle-class girl has one or more African parents , for example , she has likely schooled in the United States or Europe -- maybe even a generation after her own parents have . And she has likely spent a fair amount of time in London via Lagos , a common lifestyle practice for those of formerly colonized African countries . If she has lived down South , say in Texas , for some time , she has likely acquired a George Bush twang for survival sake . If she has taken up a neuroscience residency in Boston  which , of course , she must , if she is African  , she might now sound like Matt Damon 's sister . And the minute she wins an accolade in some not-so-diverse department  which , of course , she must , being African  , she 'll be labeled the "  first African-American " to have done so . In short , she is global . If she is living in a melting pot like New York , she is global on steroids . Naturally , global girls outgrow such local traditions as arranged marriages , dowry and bride price , which have not been exclusive to African tradition  see the English period drama , "  Downton Abbey "  but have certainly lingered longer in homes of African descent . African moms need to accept that globalism has allowed their daughters to know the world better , and as a result , seek partnerships more wisely . This process of self-determination takes a tad longer to form than setting up an arranged marriage . Thankfully , my mom , educated in America , a New Yorker and rather global , has not been as insistent on marriage with me . But it seems like only yesterday her older sister , my aunt , warned about the dangers of waiting too long , or being too educated , to be married . Really , if you 've watched Maggie Smith 's blunt character , Lady Violet Crawley , in "  Downton Abbey , " you have watched my aunt . Despite being an accomplished woman who acquired a Ph.D. later in life , she praised my graceful exit from my doctoral program . I 'd just turned 21 when I 'd chosen a rather eccentric doctoral study . In her words : "  What man would marry a 20-something-year-old Ph.D.-holder ? " It would be too intimidating to men . "  I 'd do better to tone it down a bit , " she suggested . Which brings me to my second plea to African moms . If you want your daughter to be as happy or happier than you have been in marriage , it makes no sense that she should dumb down the colorfulness of her character , the boldness of her spirit and the fire that made her the "  first African-American " this or that in order to appease those who are potentially intimidated by her . If you 'd never match a conservative Christian with a flagrant porn star , it 's not clear why today 's educated woman should edit herself in hopes of attracting a feeble idiot . Yes , she 'd be married , but then she 'd live only to repress herself for someone else 's ego -- and what kind of message would that be for the children ? You see , dear African moms , global girls need global boys . Not intimidated ones . We can sit and try to make sense of why one kind of match would work or not work for a global girl , but we must concede that love is messy and unpredictable . Love is not like your daughter 's medical career with a blueprint to follow , or like a GPS map that can calculate the distance between Addis and Accra . Yesterday 's woman wanted marriage . Today 's woman wants love -- and marriage , if it turns out that way . Olivia Pope 's character in the TV series "  Scandal " spoke quite unapologetically for today 's woman when she said : "  I could probably give all this up , and live in a country house and have babies and be normal . I could . But I do n't want to . I 'm not built for it . I do n't want normal and easy ... and simple . I want ... painful , difficult...devastating...life-changing ... extraordinary love . " Extraordinary love ? Sometimes , dear African moms , that process is just a little more complicated than marrying your cousin like in the 18th century . So , you 'll just have to be patient . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of China Okasi .	China Okasi : Moms everywhere like to ask their daughters why they 're not married Okasi : Being an unmarried African woman is tricky and odd She says when women are more educated and global , they do n't just settle and marry Okasi : Modern African women want love and marriage , and not "  intimidated " men
NEW YORK  CNN  -- She was just 16 years old , a beautiful girl , straight-A student , with her whole life ahead of her . She hoped to become a nurse . Chanel Petro-Nixon , 16 , disappeared in broad daylight and her body was found in a trash bag . Brooklyn teenager Chanel Petro-Nixon left her family home at 6:30 p.m. on Father 's Day 2006 , to walk to an Applebee 's restaurant a few blocks away . She 'd planned to meet friends there and fill out an application for a summer job at Applebee 's . Friends say she never showed up . No one ever saw her alive again . Four days later , her body was found in another area of Brooklyn , several miles from her home . She 'd been strangled and stuffed into a large garbage bag left to be collected with the morning trash on the sidewalk in front of a brownstone . Chanel went missing in broad daylight in an extremely busy area of Brooklyn . Family , police and community members are certain that someone must have seen something , but no witnesses have come forward . Watch how the teen 's body was put out with the trash " Also troubling to police : The coroner says Chanel died within 24 hours of her body being found on June 22 . She went missing on June 18 . So , where was Chanel for the 48 hours she was alive but missing ? She was strangled , but not sexually assaulted , according to police . Robbery does not seem to be a motive . But Chanel 's cell phone and the tennis shoes she was wearing are missing . Chanel 's father , Garvin Nixon , insists that his daughter would not stay out after dark without calling home . "  When we called , she always answered her phone , or would call back immediately within a few minutes to tell us where she was , " he said . Nixon tried calling his daughter to check on her within an hour after she 'd left the house . When he did n't get a return call and could n't reach her , he and Chanel 's mother began calling her friends . Her friends had not seen or heard from Chanel either , even though they 'd been calling her cell phone repeatedly and leaving urgent messages . Authorities speculate that perhaps she went with someone she knew and trusted , which could explain why no witnesses observed any struggle between Chanel and her abductor . Police have investigated Chanel 's MySpace page , searching for clues to whom she may have communicated with before leaving her home the day she disappeared . One theory is that her slaying is linked to that of another local teenager , Jennifer Moore . Like Chanel , she was strangled and her partially-clothed body was found in a garbage bag . But unlike Chanel , Jennifer Moore was raped . Jennifer Moore 's suspected killer , Draymond Coleman , was arrested and police have not ruled him out as a possible suspect in Chanel 's slaying . Police are asking anyone who finds Chanel 's cell phone or sneakers to call the anonymous tip line at 1-800-577-TIPS . The cell phone is a Silver Sanyo Sprint phone , model 8200 . The shoes are size 6 1/2 , white Nike Air Jordan retro sneakers with green trim and the number 14 on them . A reward of $ 34,000 is being offered for any information leading to the arrest of the person or people responsible for Chanel 's death .	Chanel Petro-Nixon , 16 , disappeared during broad daylight in June 2006 Her body was found four days later in front of a Brooklyn brownstone She had been strangled and stuffed in a trash bag Know something ? Call 1 - 800-577-TIPS . A $ 34,000 reward is offered
New York  CNN  -- Rene Fleming 's new album "  Dark Hope " has found the light , having earned the operatic soprano a spot on the Billboard Top 200 chart for the first time . While debuting at No. 151 might not put her up there with Justin Bieber and Lady Gaga , a place on the pop charts is a feat for any artist whose album success has mostly been measured on the classical chart  which Fleming has topped five times  . The new territory could be attributed to Fleming 's radical departure from diva to rocker . On the album she trades velvet gowns and soaring arias for freshly cut bangs and covers of songs like indie-rock band Muse 's "  Endlessly " and Death Cab for Cutie 's "  Soul Meets Body . " And why not ? "  I 've devoted my life to classical music , " says Fleming , 51 . "  It 's my passion in life and where I 've put all of my effort for decades . But I 've always listened to other things and enjoyed other things . " With the exception of Peter Gabriel 's "  In Your Eyes " and Leonard Cohen 's "  Hallelujah , " Fleming was n't familiar with any of the songs she interprets on "  Dark Hope "  Decca  . They were introduced to her by Metallica and the Red Hot Chili Peppers managers Cliff Burnstein and Peter Mensch . After listening to the compilation of indie and pop songs they felt would suit her rich , lower register , Fleming was intrigued . "  I was absolutely delighted to see how much talent exists in this world . -LSB- The music is -RSB- so quirky and eccentric and edgy and sophisticated . Then there 's the spirit of it : the passion , the anger , the sense of social consciousness . " And while eyebrows have risen over one of America 's most beloved sopranos stepping into rock 'n' roll turf , Fleming points out that cross-genre admiration is a two-way street : Muse frontman Matt Belamy recently attended one of Fleming 's performances in Rossini 's "  Armida " at The Metropolitan Opera in New York . Rock image aside , recording "  Dark Hope " was a family affair for Fleming . Her teenage daughters , who were at first appalled to learn their mother was going to take on the likes of Arcade Fire and Duffy  "  They said ... ` Mom , there 's no way ! ' "  warmed to the project when Fleming invited them to sing backup on some of the songs . Fleming 's sister Rachelle also joined in . In fact you can see the whole family in the "  Endlessly " music video . "  We had a wonderful time together , " says Fleming . "  It was so great . They have great taste -- eclectic taste -- in music . "	Rene Fleming 's new album "  Dark Hope " debuted at No. 151 Fleming covers indie-rock band Muse 's "  Endlessly " on the album This is a departure for Fleming , who says she devoted her life to classical music
CNN  -- A federal judge 's ruling Wednesday cleared the way for a controversial mosque in Tennessee to open in time for the start of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan . County officials must conduct a final building inspection at the mosque in Murfreesboro , near Nashville , U.S. District Judge Todd J. Campbell said in a temporary restraining order . The order will allow the mosque to complete the inspection process so it can use its building in time for the religious holiday of Ramadan , which starts at sunset Thursday , the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty said in a statement . "  This is a great victory not just for the Muslims of Murfreesboro , but for people of all faiths . No house of worship should be kept from meeting just because the neighbors do n't like their religious beliefs , " said Luke Goodrich , deputy general counsel at the Washington-based fund , which represented the mosque in a federal lawsuit . The U.S. Justice Department and the Islamic Center of Murfreesboro filed separate lawsuits this week , arguing that Rutherford County officials violated federal laws when they denied requests for a final inspection and certificate of occupancy for the mosque . The center argued that it was being unconstitutionally blocked "  merely because local anti-Islamic protests have made the mosque controversial . " Justice Department officials coordinated the timing of their lawsuit with the local case because they thought there would be "  irreparable harm " if the mosque were not allowed to open for Ramadan , spokesman Mitchell Rivard said . Plans for the mosque have resulted in threats to the center and a lawsuit that led to a county judge 's order shutting down the project in June . County officials had cited that order when they denied requests for the final inspection . The construction site had been vandalized multiple times , including by an arson attack in 2010 , and federal authorities have charged a Texas man with calling in a bomb threat to the center before last year 's anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington . Tennessee mosque 's fate up in the air after court ruling The center 's lawsuit argued that it was ordered to meet "  a heightened standard of notice in the zoning process " because of objections by some Murfreesboro residents , a standard no other religious institution has been asked to meet . "  This double standard for the mosque has deprived ICM of its legal rights under federal law and the Constitution , serves no public purpose and threatens to cripple ICM 's ability to observe Ramadan , " the lawsuit states . The project had been approved by a planning commission and was under construction when Corlew reversed that approval because of what he said was the insufficient notice . The county followed its normal practice of publishing notice of the hearing in the local newspaper , but Corlew said more should have been done because the mosque was "  an issue of major importance to citizens . " Four county residents filed suit to block the mosque in September 2010 , arguing it posed a "  risk of terrorism generated by proselytizing for Islam and inciting the practices of Sharia law " and that planning commissioners violated their due process rights . They also demanded the judge bar any approval until the Islamic center showed that it was not interested in "  the overthrow of the American system of government , laws and freedoms guaranteed by our Constitution . " On Wednesday , Campbell ruled that the Justice Department had "  demonstrated that the mosque is necessary to accommodate the number of worshipers , especially during the holy season of Ramadan , which begins July 20 . The new building , which is ready to serve the community , eliminates the facilities problems , providing ample space for prayer , holiday celebrations , religious meetings and children 's play . " Imam Ossama Bahloul said in a statement that the center was "  delighted by the judge 's decision . " "  We look forward to celebrating Ramadan with our neighbors , " he said . Opinion : America , how can Muslim-Americans reach non-Muslims ? Living under the headscarf CNN 's Joe Sutton and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : Imam : "  We look forward to celebrating Ramadan with our neighbors " NEW : A federal judge says county officials must conduct a final building inspection A county judge halted the project in June
Something incredible is happening this week in Alaska . People in more than 170 communities -- from Anchorage to Allakaket -- are planning to hold public "  Choose Respect " rallies in honor of survivors of sexual and intimate partner violence . For the state with the highest rape rate in America , that 's a massively important undertaking . It sends a message to people in the state and across the country that silence is the poison that lets rape and sexual violence continue . That enough is enough . "  We have extremely high rates of domestic violence and sexual violence in Alaska , " said Katie TePas , a senior policy adviser to the governor . "  When victims and survivors see their communities standing up for them , they see a great deal of strength . ... And they see help , when they may not have ever sought help before . " It 's a topic about which I care a great deal -- and I know you do , too . CNN readers voted for me to cover rape in the United States as part of my Change the List project . After spending more than two weeks in Alaska , I published a series of stories about why the rates of sexual violence are so shockingly high there -- and what could be done to change that . My biggest takeaway : People have to talk about this difficult issue . Otherwise , too many victims who come forward are n't believed . And too many suffer in silence , thinking they 're to blame for what 's happened to them . They 're not alone , and these "  Choose Respect " rallies are just the sort of awareness-raising events that could push Alaska off the bottom of the list . The demonstrations -- which are coordinated by the office of Alaska 's Republican governor , Sean Parnell , and are sponsored by the state -- started in 2010 with only 18 communities participating , TePas told me . This year , she expects more than 170 communities . The rallies start Thursday and will continue through the weekend in some locations . I hope CNN readers will join the state in demanding an end to the violence there and elsewhere . Take a photo of yourself with a sign that says "  Choose Respect " and upload it to Facebook , Instagram or Twitter with the hashtag #chooserespect . The images will appear on this page -- and maybe in future coverage . Parnell invited me to march with him in Alaska on Thursday . In a February 24 letter , he called CNN 's coverage of rape in Alaska "  exceptional " and said it "  pulled back the curtain and cast a new light on the issue " of sexual violence . I 'm unable to attend , but I appreciate the invitation . As for his kind words about the series , CNN shares the credit with the brave people in Alaska who told me their stories -- and with the dozens of readers and viewers who shared their stories of survival in solidarity with Alaskans . You can read some of those harrowing and heartfelt accounts on this page : "  We are the 59 % . " Fifty-nine percent of women in Alaska face intimate partner or sexual violence in their lifetimes , including threats of violence . That statistic should horrify every American . And it should provoke action , as it already has for many . After the series , Marie Claire , Mother Jones , Salon and others took up the issue , too . On Thursday , as thousands of Alaskans are marching , my thoughts will be with all the incredible people I met on my trip to the state in December and those who shared their stories online . They will be with the people of Nunam Iqua , Alaska , which is one of a reported 75 communities that do not have any local law enforcement presence . A CNN reader started a petition asking the state government to change that . To date , I 'm told that request has not been heeded . People there do not have access to the same level of justice as elsewhere in this nation . Unless geography determines a person 's worth , that should change immediately . "  Where are the boots on the ground in our village ? " asked Russell Clark , principal of the school in Nunam Iqua and one of many people there who wants a local officer . Currently , state troopers usually must fly in from other villages to respond to emergencies -- a process that takes 45 minutes at best and sometimes , in bad weather , can take days . The state troopers have told me they 're having difficulty finding someone who would take the job in Nunam Iqua . It 's a tough economy these days , and I 've been told funding is available for the position . If you 'd like to apply , e-mail me  ctl@cnn.com  and put "  Nunam Iqua " in the subject line . I 'll be happy to connect you to the troopers . My thoughts will be with the young people who helped organize a panel discussion in Anchorage called "  NO MORE " -- part of a national awareness-raising campaign . And , finally , my thoughts will be with Erin Merryn , a victim of child sexual assault from Illinois who , I 'm told by a local lawmaker , will be traveling Alaska this week campaigning for a bill that would require state school districts to teach about the warning signs of child sexual abuse . Currently , Alaska does not require school districts to teach that essential information or sex education . The bill -- "  Erin 's Law , " which has been passed in ten other states , according to the group 's Facebook page -- is expected to come before the Alaska House education committee on Friday . I hope her upcoming testimony will encourage legislators to push this bill forward . The lawmaker who proposed the legislation , Rep. Geran Tarr , an Anchorage Democrat , told me she 's optimistic it can pass this session . She handed out copies of my articles , again , which CNN readers commissioned , in hopes representatives will realize the scope of this problem . "  It 's really been a good conversation starter , " she said of the stories . "  There 's too much coverage  for legislators to ignore sexual violence  . Once you start to be in national press for this , that really is a catalyst for change . That 's not the kind of notoriety you want for the state . " I do n't want to paint Alaska as an awful or isolated place . The stats are horrifying , as are many of the stories I heard . But sexual violence is a serious concern across the country , and states like South Dakota , Oklahoma , Michigan , New Mexico and Arkansas have rates of reported rape well above the national average . It does n't have to be this way . I will anxiously await photos from the "  Choose Respect " rallies . Alaska is also a beautiful place full of strong people . And this week , all of us will get a chance to see them -- and , hopefully , you -- demanding a safer future .	Alaskans will rally this week in 170 communities to end sexual violence Join them by uploading a photo of yourself and tagging it #chooserespect John Sutter recently featured Alaska as part of his Change the List project Alaska has the highest rate of reported rape in the country -- three times the U.S. average
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- At the up-market "  Urembo " hair and beauty salon , in uptown Nairobi , entrepreneur Maureen Murunga has her sights set on expanding her business . The growth is important to Murunga , who bought the business a year ago , without the help of big banks . "  A local small bank gave me my first break , " she says . "  But it was n't without a lot of tears , tantrums , kickings and insisting that they would have to support me , " she adds . Murunga , who has a background in banking , says it is difficult for women to get credit from banks to start businesses . "  The bank will limit the financing to the security available , " says Murunga . "  For the women in this region , that is the challenge , because that will involve things like land , which traditionally families will give that to men . "  So for women , creativity is a big part . " That need for creative financing led Murunga to start an investment group , or "  chama " as they are popularly known in Kiswahili . Unlike the traditional revolving fund groups that merely saved money , theirs is an active investment group . Registered as Unathi Investment Limited , the 21-women in the group , mostly in their late 30s , are drawn from all sectors , ranging from finance to information technology to legal . Their common goal is to build a solid retirement nest egg . Each member 's monthly minimum contribution is about $ 200 but the more they contribute the more shares they get . Murunga says when it comes to new members they look for someone who is interested in their long-term strategic vision and thus willing to pump in money for 10 years without getting any out . Collectively , they have been able to purchase prime real estate , trade shares in the stock market and invest in unlisted , growing companies . "  The chama has been very exciting in that it 's been much easier for us to quickly invest in big deals which would not have been possible if I tried to do  it  myself , " says Murunga . Another member is Nancy Kanyango , the current chair and a legal expert working with the government . She says shared responsibility is important . "  We hold each other accountable in terms of our resources , ensuring that we have something aside for our retirement , " she says . But even with their group 's achievements in just three years , Kanyango is quick to point out that it 's not all been smooth sailing . "  All our personalities are different -- some people are fast at making decisions or have a greater risk appetite than others , " she says , and the members must balance their commitments to the chama with busy nine-to-five jobs . Banking analysts say three out of every five Kenyans is part of a chama and banks have been moving to profit from this niche market . Some banks have even created products that specifically target chama groups , with favorable interest rates and sizeable loan potential . Joseph Okumu , a product manager with Bank of Africa , says : "  We 're an SME  small and medium enterprise  bank . We thought if we sit to get an SME that has grown 10 years we probably might miss out on the market , so we thought , let 's get these groups , empower them and grow them so that they become an SME from an early age . " Though the group is run with a steady hand , the members still take time out to socialize , going back to the spirit of what brought them together : friendship . "  It 's about the money but also more than that , " says Kanyango . "  We know each other ; we know each other 's family and what goes on in each of our lives , " she adds . Now men are also forming their own groups or joining mixed-groups . But the women of the Unathi group say they 're a long way from allowing the men in . "  We made a deliberate decision that it would be a woman 's group " , says Kanyango , "  just the dynamics of not mixing with men on that space . " "  It 's our space , " she adds with a laugh .	Kenyan women forming their own investment groups , known as "  chamas " They aim to build a nest egg for retirement Banking analysts say three out of every five Kenyans is part of a "  chama " Some banks have created niche products to target these groups
CNN  -- Americans are rightly angry that Burger King plans to use its merger with the Canadian doughnut and coffee chain Tim Hortons to claim Canadian citizenship , probably as a way to avoid paying U.S. taxes -- which the burger chain denies . But Burger King is the latest company to undergo an inversion , which happens when an American company uses a merger to reincorporate as a foreign one . Some have suggested boycotting the fast food chain , while others have directed their anger toward the billionaire investor Warren Buffett , whose company Berkshire Hathaway is partly financing the deal . Buffett is famous for arguing that our tax code should be fairer and that the rich and powerful should not get more breaks than middle-income Americans -- views that some say are incongruous with his involvement in this merger . But anger toward Warren Buffett is misdirected . He can not close loopholes that allow Burger King to claim Canadian citizenship any more than he can close the loophole that allows him and fund managers to pay a smaller percentage of their income in taxes than their secretaries . The real culprits are members of Congress , who have failed to close these loopholes and have allowed Burger King to claim that it is becoming a foreign corporation for tax purposes even when common sense tells us it is as American as any company could be . You see , Burger King will continue to serve U.S. customers . It will not undergo much change in ownership . And it will likely continue to have its managers based in the United States . But when it 's time to pay taxes , it will claim to be a newly restructured company based in Canada , which has a lower corporate tax rate . It 's absurd that Congress is allowing Burger King to use paperwork to avoid supporting the very public investments  $ " highways , agriculture supports , food inspections , courts  $ " that make its profits possible . And just be clear on this point : Burger King probably will use this deal to avoid taxes , no matter what the company says . Defenders of these arrangements argue that profits the company makes in the United States will still be subject to U.S. taxes , but that ignores the additional loopholes that a corporation can exploit after it inverts . For example , Burger King can take on debt from the foreign company that officially owns it after inversion and then make interest payments that wipe out its U.S. income for tax purposes . This effectively shifts the profits made in the United States to a foreign country where the company will be taxed less . Of course , this is all an accounting gimmick since merged corporations like Burger King and Tim Hortons are really just one great big company , so a "  loan " from one to the other is really like one branch of a company wiring money to another branch . But our tax rules are so poorly written that they allow this utter nonsense . It does n't have to be this way . A proposal from President Obama would basically tell the IRS not to recognize a company like Burger King as "  foreign " for tax purposes unless it really has become a foreign company in a real sense . This proposal has been introduced as legislation in the House and Senate , but so far a majority has not acted in either chamber . Until Congress hears from all of us outraged Americans , nothing will change , no matter what Warren Buffett does .	Robert McIntyre : Burger King 's purchase of Tim Hortons means it can pay less taxes Robert McIntyre : Americans are right to be angry at the merger He says while Warren Buffett 's company is partly financing the deal , he 's not to blame McIntyre : Unless Congress fixes the tax loopholes , nothing will change
CNN  -- Area schools were closed Tuesday as the search for Pennsylvania trooper shooting suspect Eric Matthew Frein intensified overnight , Pennsylvania State Police said . Despite a possible sighting by law enforcement Monday afternoon , Frein still has not been found . "  A local police officer from Pocono Mountain Regional Police Department observed a man dressed in green in the woods . He lost visual contact with the man through the woods . A search of the area was conducted but no one was located , " state police said . It has been nearly six weeks since Frein disappeared after allegedly shooting two state troopers , leaving one officer dead and another wounded . Police read excerpts of notes they say suspect left On Friday , state police discovered blood droplets on the steps of a covered porch near the town of Cresco , Pennsylvania . But DNA testing showed the blood was n't Frein 's , police said Monday . Material found on the inside of a screen porch door at a nearby home was n't blood at all , police said . Neither has any link to the search for Frein , according to police . On Friday , a law enforcement source speaking on condition of anonymity told CNN that there was no reason to believe that Frein was injured or that the blood was his . Frein , 31 , is suspected in the September 12 ambush shooting that left Cpl. Bryon Dickson dead and Trooper Alex T. Douglass wounded outside the Pennsylvania State Police barracks in Blooming Grove in northeast Pennsylvania . Police have not spoken about a possible motive , other than that Frein has talked and written about hating law enforcement . Authorities have said that a review of a computer hard drive used by Frein shows that he had planned the attack . Police : Suspect planned ambush for months He has eluded capture despite a massive police search around Canadensis , Pennsylvania , where his family has a home . However , another recent sighting moved search efforts about 8 miles southeast -- closer to Frein 's former high school . Police say they think a woman taking a walk Friday night saw Frein as well , armed with a rifle and his face dabbed with mud , in a wooded area near the eastern Pennsylvania town of Swiftwater . "  It was very alarming and creepy how he showed no reaction , " the woman told CNN affiliate WNEP . CNN 's Jason Hanna , Ann Roche , Alex Field , Shimon Prokupecz and Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	Frein may have been seen Monday afternoon , but a search turned up nothing , police say Area schools have been closed Tuesday as a result of the police activity in the area A bloodstain thought to be from trooper shooting suspect Eric Frein was n't his , police say Frein is suspected in the September 12 ambush of two officers , one of whom died
CNN  ISIS has seized even more Assyrian Christian hostages after taking over nearly a dozen Assyrian villages in northeastern Syria in the past few days , an activist said Thursday . The Sunni extremist group now holds 262 Assyrians captive , said Osama Edward , founder of the Assyrian Human Rights Network . "  ISIS is taking over more and more Assyrian towns , " he said . The number has climbed steadily , from an initial estimate of between 70 and 100 people seized on Monday to 150 as of Wednesday , with women , children and the elderly among them . The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights put the number of Assyrian hostages seized over three days at 220 , in a statement released Thursday . They were taken from 11 villages in the Tal Tamer area in al-Hasakah Province , the monitoring group said . Its information indicates that ISIS has taken them to the Mount Abdelaziz area , southwest of Tal Tamer . Edward , who is based in Sweden but has family in the area attacked by the terror group , said Wednesday his information was coming from the Assyrian Human Rights Network 's team on the ground . Edward has said he fears the hostages may face the same fate as as Assyrians targeted in Iraq and the more than 20 members of Egypt 's Coptic Christian minority slaughtered by ISIS in Libya last month . Besides those captured by ISIS militants , thousands of families have been forced to flee their homes , he said . After years caught up in the middle of a civil war , many of these Assyrians lack food , water , blankets and other basics . Sharlet and Romel David , in Modesto , California , told CNN affiliate KCRA that 12 of their family members in Syria are believed to be among those kidnapped by ISIS early on Monday , and they fear for their safety . "  We pray , we pray all the time , " said Romel . "  What we 've heard is it was like a sea of black uniforms marching through all the villages , burning down the churches , desecrating the crosses and wreaking havoc . " Sharlet said her 59-year-old brother had left his job as a car salesman in Modesto two years ago for Syria , to try to bring his son and family back to the United States . Instead , they are thought to be among those held . The Davids are not naming their relatives for fear it could put them in greater danger . "  I just want them to be safe , " said Sharlet . The Assyrians are a proud people who 've overcome a lot in their history . They can trace their roots back some 4,000 years to the time of Mesopotamia , considered one of the cradles of civilization and birthplace of writing and literature . While their first religion was Ashurism , Assyrians have been predominantly Christian since the third century . "  How can Syria be Syria without the Assyrians ? " Edward said . "  We gave the country our name . " ISIS has proven , time and again , its willingness to ruthlessly go after minority groups which do n't subscribe to its extreme take on Islam . Some of their targets -- the Assyrians included -- have taken up arms in an attempt to defend their communities , fighting alongside Kurdish militia , which have made some recent gains against ISIS in Syria 's northeast . But ISIS has faced some opposition . According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , members of the Kurdish YPG -- or People 's Protection Units -- had taken control of 70 villages in al-Hasakah Province as of Wednesday . They 're on the cusp of taking some inhabited by Assyrians and were clashing with ISIS forces around Tal Tamer , the monitoring group reported . CNN 's Salim Essaid and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	"  We pray , we pray all the time , " says a relative of a dozen Assyrians feared kidnapped Assyrian activist says ISIS now holds 262 Assyrian Christians hostage The extremist group has seized 11 Assyrian villages over three days , says monitoring group
CNN  -- If laughter is the best medicine then few are more qualified to offer a prescription than Riaad Moosa . The South African comic-turned-movie-actor is a fully trained doctor , but it 's his Indian heritage and Muslim faith that provide the basis for his stand-up material . "  I 'm a comedian who happens to be Muslim -LSB- and -RSB- my comedy stems on all forms of my identity , " he says . Moosa came to prominence on the comedy-club circuit of his native Cape Town around the turn of the century and became known for poking fun at Islamic stereotypes . He believes this serves to highlight the prejudices many people have developed about Muslims due to fears of terrorism or violent extremism . "  When I started out it was around the whole 9/11 , Islamophobia was just sort of hitting a second wind , " he says . "  Obviously that informed a lot of my humor and it influenced a lot of what I was talking about on stage because it was extremely relevant at the time . "  I would just speak about how people perceived Muslims and how scared they are of Muslims . " See also : South African comic duo stir up stereotypes Moosa however says that Islam is a religion which is tolerant and open to comedy , especially in South Africa . "  I 'm sure in certain parts of the world it still sounds a bit strange -LSB- being a Muslim comedian -RSB- , " he says . "  In the Cape , in fact , it 's completely the opposite . The Muslims in the Cape are associated with having a very good sense of humor . " Moosa has been known to crack jokes on the death of Osama bin Laden and European perceptions of Islam . In one routine he jokes : "  Europeans ridicule Muslim culture because they do n't understand the wisdom behind it . Take swine flu for instance : all the sudden you 've got Europeans scared of pigs -- we 've been saying that for years ! " Watch video : Riaad Moosa , doctor turned comedian Moosa describes such gags as "  hard jokes " but says he should able to extract humor from every aspect of his life . He draws a line however at insulting or demeaning his religious beliefs . "  I would never want to disrespect my beliefs , " he says . "  There are certain , obviously different , areas you would n't go . It 's not congruent to who I am as a person and it would be insincere and it would n't be based on truth . " Despite being a natural comedian , Moosa says he always wanted to be a doctor . "  Both my parents are doctors , so from the time I was a child I wanted to do medicine , " he says . "  It just so happened that I also had this other talent for making voices -- that 's how my mom put it -- I used to always impersonate people . " Having qualified as a doctor , Moosa admits that his new career is something of a departure . "  It 's a very different type of work -- I mean , I never got applause with the medicine . I never got : ` That 's an amazing prostate exam doctor , do you have any DVDs of your prostate exams ? ' " Moosa 's latest film project , Material , has already been released in South Africa . In the movie he plays an aspiring young Muslim comedian challenging his family 's expectations of what it means to be successful in modern South Africa . In many ways , Material has more than a whiff of Moosa 's own life-story about it . He has been heavily involved throughout the project , helping write the script , being cast in the starring roll and even having a financial stake in the film . "  The challenges that I have of being a South African comedian as a Muslim ... does get dramatized in the story , " he says . "  It 's not specifically my story because my family is very supportive . There was no moment where I had to challenge my parents specifically to try and achieve my dream , which is what happens in the movie . " Moosa hopes the underlying themes portrayed in the film of an underdog fighting against the odds and tradition will make it a hit outside South Africa . See also : Muslim comedian branches out Like his comedic routines , Moosa has tried to create a piece of art that will resonate with his audience on multiple levels . He says there are plans to take the film to India and the Middle East and has already visited London to promote the movie at the 2012 BFI London Film Festival . He adds : "  It is a universal tale and I think many communities or people around the world will connect with that story . "  That 's the trick , to not make it a South African story but a story about an ordinary person trying to follow their dreams . "	Riaad Moosa is a comedian , movie star and a qualified doctor He uses his religious identity to poke fun at Islamic stereotypes Moosa believes Islam is a religion that is open to comedy His latest movie tells the story of a Muslim comedian challenging his community 's expectations
House Republicans recognize they have a problem with women . "  Some of our members just are n't as sensitive as they ought to be . " House Speaker John Boehner said bluntly when asked about recent efforts by the House GOP campaign arm to improve how male candidates appeal to female voters . Boehner did n't name names , but much of the damage with female voters is self-inflicted , and stems from some high-profile gaffes from GOP Senate candidates in 2012 . Missouri GOP Senate candidate Todd Akin referred to "  legitimate rape " and Richard Mourdock in Indiana suggested rape was "  something God intended to happen . " Both red-state candidates were favored to win but lost badly . In the presidential race , the already noticeable gender gap between women supporting Democratic candidates over Republicans widened ; women preferred President Barack Obama over challenger Mitt Romney by 11 percentage points . Mindful of the damage done , the National Republican Congressional Committee is teaching male candidates who are running against female challengers or incumbents how to respond to specific questions about rape . The effort is part of the NRCC 's overall media training it conducts each cycle . A senior House Republican strategist familiar with the training told CNN this is just one aspect of helping candidates effectively talk to voters . But after the Akin and Mourdock missteps , this Republican said GOP candidates must be prepared to answer questions about sensitive subjects like rape . "  First and foremost what we tell them to do  is  talk about yourself as a husband and a father , " this source told CNN , adding , "  After that we urge a blanket statement about rape is abhorrent : ` Anyone who is charged with this offense should be fully prosecuted , and as a husband and father I am outraged . ' " Boehner also pointed to the obvious issue facing his party : There are a lot more female Democratic House members than Republicans . Only 19 of the 232 House GOP members are women . Earlier this year the House GOP campaign arm launched Project GROW to recruit more female candidates and improve how the party frames issues to female voters . The GOP strategist familiar with the effort said it 's not just about avoiding mistakes and improving messaging -- the party also is playing offense . Republicans believe Obamacare gives them the chance to win over women by talking about the premiums their families will pay or the so-called "  marriage penalty " they believe will hit many people 's pocketbooks . The party also encourages GOP members to humanize themselves and stress the impact that fiscal issues have on their own families . In an interview with CNN 's Dana Bash on Thursday , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor tried to link the GOP 's focus on reining in the deficit to his daughter , who is in college . "  She 's off now thinking about her next step in life , what kind of career or job opportunities are available for her , " he said . "  Well , I do n't believe that racking up trillions of dollars of additional deficit and debt are a good thing for her because , ultimately , what that does is it mortgages her future . " The NRCC effort is more than messaging -- the party is urging candidates to create and sustain efforts to reach out to women , regardless of whether or not they are facing female challengers . Strategists are suggesting building coalitions of female supporters and regularly attending events such as PTA meetings . As for the advice he would give to his colleagues who are facing off against female candidates next fall , Boehner said , "  Well , I 'm trying to get them to be a little bit more sensitive . " House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi , who frequently touts the diversity of the Democratic caucus , quipped that Republicans have "  made an art of running against women in ways that we think are inappropriate . " But she added , "  It would be interesting to see what they have in their curriculum . " Iowa Republican Rep. Tom Latham , a close ally of Boehner , is in a competitive race with Democrat Staci Appel , a former state senator . He does n't think there are major differences on which issues men and women care about , but said it 's a matter of emphasis . "  I think there are maybe some priority differences in issues that women are very concerned about -- available time , they are very concerned about budgets , because they run the place . The cost and access to health care is a big issue to them , " Latham said . But when asked if he thinks there 's any continued fallout for GOP members a year after Akin 's comments , Latham paused deliberately and then said , "  It 's extremely unfortunate what some people will say that may reflect badly on other people who do n't share those views . " Tennessee GOP Rep. Marsha Blackburn said she 's given her Republican male colleagues "  gentle guidance " for some time on the need to address issues that are important to women and to show how their legislative agenda will make their lives easier . Although she says the effort is overdue , Blackburn is heartened that her party is dealing with the issue head-on now . "  There is an aggressiveness that has not been in there forever , " she told CNN . "  We 've never been this aggressive and I 'm glad and I think it 's time . We all should be a bit more aware in how we choose our words . "	House Speaker John Boehner said Republican candidates need to be more "  sensitive " The GOP is training the male-dominated House caucus how to speak to women voters The campaign arm of the House Republicans are also trying to recruit more female candidates "  It 's time , " Rep. Marsha Blackburn , R-Tennessee said .
The Hollywood Reporter  The skies over Gotham City might become bright once again in 2016 , with Adam West and Burt Ward promising a return to their career-high roles of Batman and Robin as part of an upcoming animated project next year . The comments took place at the Mad Monster Party in Charlotte , NC this weekend , with Ward somewhat uncertainly telling the crowd that they "  can look forward to a new animated "  Batman " full length , 90-minute feature , coming out on the 50th anniversary . "  That would be the 50th anniversary of the 1960s Batman TV series , which launched Jan. 12 , 1966 . Why more ` Star Wars ' actors have n't become stars The animated movie is described by Ward as "  one of possibly two , but for sure one , that Adam and I are going to be doing the voices for , " although he did n't say anything else about the project . In fact , as video from the event shows below , he seemed unclear about whether he should talk about it at all , prefacing his comments with "  I do n't know ... whether we can talk about the new Batman movie ... "  Adam West declares they can , in a suitably Batman-esque authoritative tone . How Superman , Wonder Woman and Batman have changed their looks through the years The profile of the 1960s Batman series has been raised considerably in recent years , with Warner Bros. . Consumer Products and DC Entertainment releasing a line of merchandise and comic books based on the series under the brand Batman ' 66 , leading up to last year 's release of the full series on DVD and Blu-ray . Batman through the years Warner Bros. declined to comment about a potential 50th anniversary animated project when contacted by THR .  2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Adam West and Burt Ward say they will reprise their Batman and Robin roles in an animated movie Movie is due out in 2016 for the 1966 TV series ' 50th anniversary
