CNN Student News  -- August 30 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • New Orleans , Louisiana • North Korea • Washington , D.C. Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hi everyone . I 'm Carl Azuz and this is CNN Student News . We are commercial free and coming directly to your classroom from the CNN Center in Atlanta . Let 's go ahead and get things started right now . First Up : Katrina - Then and Now AZUZ : First up , remembering a day five years ago that changed the lives of thousands of Americans : the day that Hurricane Katrina made landfall . Ceremonies and vigils took place all across the U.S. Gulf Coast yesterday . There 's been a lot of progress and rebuilding since Katrina hit , but most people agree that there 's still a lot that needs doing . During a visit to the Gulf yesterday , President Obama talked about the struggles facing the region . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : I do n't have to tell you that there are still too many vacant and overgrown lots . There are still too many students attending classes in trailers . There are still too many people unable to find work . And there are still too many New Orleans folks who have n't been able to come home . So , while an incredible amount of progress has been made , on this fifth anniversary , I wanted to come here and tell the people of this city directly , my administration is going to stand with you and fight alongside you until the job is done . AZUZ : If you were with us on Friday , you might remember the preview we gave you of "  Katrina : Then and Now . " It 's a special project that compares New Orleans right after Katrina hit with how the city looks five years later . Today , we have the full report for you . Take a look at this . BEGIN VIDEO LAUREN DIMAGGIO , METAIRIE , LOUISIANA : Everything was gray , just like when you saw after 9/11 where , you know , the streets were all gray . You could not find any greenery . Nobody , no one coming down the street . It was very eerie , very eerie to be just in the silence . That 's what I remember , it just being so quiet . CONRAD WYRE III , HARVEY , LOUISIANA : There 's nothing , nothing really changed . I mean , like , you have an overturned car in the middle of the street . Yes , we moved that , but that 's it . Like I said , the people are not coming back . You do n't see the commerce , and it 's like some parts of the city are still like a ghost town . It 's just a reality that we have . It 's like , hey , this is how we live and this is what we have to deal with . DIMAGGIO : In the photo with the shrimp boat that is going a little ways into the house , where that boat came from I do n't know . But it 's at the end of a street close to a levee , which right on the other side is a body of water . So , I do n't know where this boat came from , but it certainly did n't belong on the street . JOYCE BERGMAN , NEW ORLEANS : I took pictures of a church . It was a church , basically , right behind me across the street . It was a two-story church with a huge set of stairs going up to it . And it collapsed sometime during the storm , so it was collapsed when I came back . The whole site has been cleared since , and now just the stairs are there . DIMAGGIO : I am hoping now that people will realize they have , whatever number it is , how many died in Mississippi , how many died in the Lower Ninth Ward . But really , you 'll get to see , you know , it was n't just that weekend or those few months , it continues . People are still affected by what happened . END VIDEO Atlantic Hurricanes AZUZ : Very powerful images there . Well , you science students , budding meteorologists might be interested in our next story today . We 're talking about a couple of weather systems . Last Friday , we told you about Tropical Storm Earl . Experts thought it might strengthen into a hurricane . It did . Earl became a category 1 hurricane yesterday . Forecasters think it could increase into a category 3 hurricane . Danielle , the storm that came before it , made it up to a category 4 storm status , although it was back down to a category 1 by Sunday afternoon . Officials still do n't think it 'll hit the U.S. , but Danielle is causing dangerous riptides , or strong currents . More than 200 people had to be rescued Saturday off the coast of Maryland . Authorities said most of them were swimmers who had gotten exhausted from fighting the currents . Indonesia Volcano AZUZ : Moving over to Indonesia , where thousands of people are trying to get away from this : It 's a volcano , and it erupted over the weekend . That was kind of a surprise , since it has n't done that in more than 400 years ! Around 12,000 people who live in nearby villages were evacuated . This volcano last erupted in the 1600s . Officials say that because it 's been inactive for so long , they do n't know exactly what to expect . But , emergency response teams are on the scene . The Indonesian government says the situation is under control . Experts do n't think there 's too much risk of a large , destructive eruption . Freed American Home AZUZ : The man stepping off of this airplane is former U.S. President Jimmy Carter ; you see him right there . He got back from a trip to North Korea on Friday , and he brought Aijalon Mahli Gomes back home with him . Gomes is a U.S. citizen who was arrested in North Korea back in January for illegally entering the country . Former President Carter went to North Korea on a private , humanitarian mission to try and get Gomes released . Shoutout BARBARA BALL , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! Which of these historic figures spoke at the 1963 March on Washington ? Was it : A  Malcom X , B  Medgar Evers , C  Martin Luther King Jr. or D  Rosa Parks ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Dr. Martin Luther King Jr 's "  I Have a Dream " speech was given at the March on Washington . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Rallies in D.C. AZUZ : You history students are familiar with the speech . It was one of the defining moments of the American Civil Rights Movement . In it , Dr. King talked about his dream of people from different races living together peacefully and being judged by their character rather than their skin color . This past weekend marked the 47th anniversary of the march on Washington . The "  Reclaim the Dream " rally commemorated the occasion . It took place this past Saturday in Washington . Thousands of people were there . It started at a local high school and ended on the National Mall , at the site of the future Martin Luther King Jr. . National Memorial . That 's just a few blocks away from the Lincoln Memorial , and that was where Dr. King gave the "  I Have a Dream " speech in 1963 . And it 's also where another major rally took place on Saturday , the "  Restoring Honor " rally . It was organized by conservative commentator Glenn Beck . Some reports estimated that tens of thousands of people gathered for the event . Beck said that the goal of the rally was to reclaim the Civil Rights Movement from politics . Is This Legit ? SHELBY LIN , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? The U.S. birth rate has gone up every year during the past decade . Not legit ! Recently , it 's been heading in the opposite direction . Birth Rate AZUZ : So , here 's an interesting question : Could the recession be connected to a decrease in the U.S. birth rate ? At least one expert thinks the recession is the reason why . He says that when people are unsure of their financial future , they tend to put off having kids because , as some parents will tell you , kids are expensive . Now , the theory would seem to match up against this : In 2007 , when the economy started to get weaker , there were 14.3 babies born for every 1,000 people . In 2008 , the birth rate dropped to 13.9 . Last year , it went down to 13.5 . That same expert thinks that when the economy comes back , the birth rate will too . Beef Recall AZUZ : About 8,500 pounds of ground beef are being recalled because of concerns about E. coli . That 's a kind of bacteria that can make you very sick . Three people -- two in Maine , one in New York -- did get sick from E. coli . Officials connected that to certain shipments of ground beef , and that 's what led to this recall . Fortunately , none of the three people who got sick needed to go to the hospital . Promo AZUZ : Well , Fix Our Schools is a CNN project that takes a look at public education in America and focuses on some of the creative solutions that administrators and teachers and school officials and , yes , students are coming up with to cope , even as schools cope with budget crises nationwide . We 're gon na have special coverage on CNN Student News with ideas from students on what works in their school and what could make school better . You wo n't want to miss it . It will be right here on CNN Student News . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go today , one last story , we 're gon na butter you up . But it looks like we 've got plenty to spare . 800 pounds ' worth . That is how much butter it takes to create this edible artwork . If you eat straight butter . My aunt eats straight butter . I think it 's gross . This butter sculpture is the main attraction at the New York State Fair . It 's pretty impressive with all these details . I 'd say the butter artists deserve a pat on the back . The butter sculptures have been showcased at the fair for decades . Goodbye AZUZ : They churn out a new one pretty regularly . And yes , we 're spreading it on pretty thick . Buy hey , butter you gon na do ? For CNN Student News , I 'm melting .	Compare New Orleans today with how it looked after Hurricane Katrina hit Learn about two rallies that took place in Washington , D.C. this weekend Consider a connection between the economic recession and the U.S. birth rate Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
EW.com  -- Despite the arrival of two holiday heavyweights , "  The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey " retained the top spot at the box office for the third weekend in a row . Warner Bros. ' $ 250 million fantasy prequel was held out of the top spot from Tuesday until Thursday by "  Les Miserables , " but over the traditional weekend frame "  Hobbit " dipped only 11 percent to bring in $ 32.9 million , and its domestic total now stands tall at $ 222.7 million . After 17 days , "  The Hobbit " is performing well ahead of 2001 ′ s "  The Fellowship of the Ring , " which had earned $ 189.3 million at the same point in its run  though that number climbs to about $ 260 million after accounting for inflation  , but it still trails the 17-day cumes of "  The Two Towers "  $ 243.6 million  , and "  The Return of the King "  $ 272.8 million  . Notably , those films did not have 3D or IMAX surcharges boosting their totals . This is not meant to imply that "  The Hobbit " is underperforming . Like so many modern Hollywood tentpoles , The Hobbit 's strong business overseas is the main component of its success . On Friday , the film smashed through the $ 600 million mark worldwide , and by the time the ball drops , its worldwide total will likely have surpassed $ 700 million . That 's a treasure that would impress even Smaug . In second place , "  Django Unchained " galloped away with a terrific $ 30.7 million over the Friday-to-Sunday period , bringing its total to $ 64 million since its Christmas day debut . The Quentin Tarantino-directed Western , which The Weinstein Co. says cost $ 87 million to produce , has performed remarkably well for a controversial , R-rated film in a season often dominated by family-friendly/inspirational tales . Last year , many blamed a poor release date for the lackluster performance of "  Girl with the Dragon Tattoo , " which settled for $ 102.5 million total , but "  Django 's " fantastic opening week counters those assumptions . GET EW ON YOUR TABLET : Subscribe today and get instant access ! Given its robust debut , "  Django Unchained " will very likely become Tarantino 's highest-grossing film ahead of 2009 ′ s "  Inglorious Basterds , " which earned $ 120.5 million total . Weinstein has every reason to believe it will reach that level . Not only was Django 's $ 10,195 per theater average  from 3,010 theaters  the best in the Top 10 , it earned an "  A - " CinemaScore grade from polled audiences , which were 56 percent male . After winning Christmas day and spending its first three days atop the box office , "  Les Miserables " finished the weekend in third place with $ 28.0 million . Universal 's $ 61 million adaptation of the beloved operetta  which is , in turn , an adaptation of Victor Hugo 's 1862 novel  has earned a terrific $ 67.4 million in its first six days  plus another $ 48.7 million internationally  , and although it has exhibited some frontloadedness due to up-front excitement from passionate fans , its "  A " CinemaScore grade  and ample awards buzz  should help it hold up in the weeks to come . "  Les Miserables " has already outgrossed the last December-released musical , Nine , which flopped with just $ 19.7 million in 2009 , and it will quickly surpass "  Dreamgirls , " which opened in December 2006 and scored $ 103.4 million total , as well . Only time will tell whether "  Les Mis " can match the impressive $ 170.7 million total of Chicago , which began a platform release in December 2002 and rode a wave of awards attention to box office glory , but for now , its prospects do n't look miserable at all . Fox 's Billy Crystal/Bette Midler vehicle "  Parental Guidance " survived poor reviews and earned a not-bad $ 14.8 million over the weekend -- the exact same amount it earned in its first three days of release . After six days , Guidance has earned $ 29.6 million against a modest $ 25 million budget , and with an "  A - " CinemaScore grade and a dearth of family-oriented competition , it should hold up nicely in the new year . Paramount 's $ 60 million Tom Cruise thriller "  Jack Reacher " rounded out the Top 5 with $ 14.0 million , marking a 10 percent drop from its inauspicious debut . After ten days , the novel adaptation has earned a rather unimpressive $ 44.7 million . 1 . The Hobbit -- $ 32.9 million 2 . Django Unchained -- $ 30.7 million 3 . Les Miserables -- $ 28.0 million 4 . Parental Guidance -- $ 14.8 million 5 . Jack Reacher -- $ 14.0 million In milestone news , "  Skyfall " reached the $ 1 billion mark at the worldwide box office this weekend . It is the fourteenth film to ever reach that mark . Next week , "  Texas Chainsaw 3D " will attempt to cut down "  The Hobbit " and "  Django Unchained . " Will it prevail ? Check back to EW to find out . Happy New Year ! See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Hobbit " dipped only 11 percent to bring in $ 32.9 million "  Django Unchained " came in second with $ 30.7 million "  Jack Reacher " rounded out the Top 5 with $ 14.0 million
CNN  -- The complex architecture of the human brain and how its billions of nerve cells communicate has baffled the greatest minds for centuries . But now , new technology is allowing neuroscientists to map the brain 's connections in ever-greater detail . The creation of a map , or "  connectome " as it has been dubbed , is raising hopes that brain disorders like autism and schizophrenia will be better understood in the future , perhaps cured . The Human Connectome Project  HCP  , a U.S. government-funded scheme , recently began trials on healthy volunteers with a state-of-the-art diffusion-imaging scanner . Built by German engineering company Siemens , it works by tracking the passage of water molecules through nerve fibers , giving a more accurate picture of the brain 's structure and its neuronal pathways , scientists say . "  The diffusion image is a map of the water diffusion which we then convert into a marker for the fiber pathways , " says Van Wedeen , director of Connectomics at the Martinos Center for Biomedical Imaging at Massachusetts General Hospital  MGH  . "  We then reconstruct it through computer algorithms that explain the water diffusion that we have observed . " More from CNN Labs : The credit-card sized $ 35 PC From the outside , the scanner looks like a conventional MRI machine but the power inside enables it to produce images more than 10 times clearer . "  It 's the difference between looking at the bonnet  of a car  and looking at the gears and belts inside , " Wedeen said . The idea , he says , is to dispose the brain to a coordinates system . "  Think of the difference of making maps before longitude and latitude versus making maps after , " he said . Data from the scanner is still being refined but Wedeen and his colleague Bruce Rosen are excited about its potential . "  Over time , it 's clear that in addition to scanning normal volunteers we 'd be very interested in scanning patients with disease , " says Rosen , director of the Martinos Center for Biological Imaging at MGH . "  The tools we are developing , as well as many other scientists around the world mapping these brain circuits , may be fundamental to how we understand and conceptualize diseases and treat them , " he added . "  Once you understand that it 's an abnormality of specific circuits it gives you clues in terms of the pharmacology you want use to use depending on the part of the brain . " Poorly understood diseases like autism , he says , could be the result of an abnormality of brain connections called "  connectopathies . " "  Hopefully , we 'll be in a position to see if that 's true or not . And if it is , try to understand where it came from and try to fix it , " Rosen said . Sebastian Seung , a neuroscientist at Massachusetts Institute of Technology agrees . "  Researchers have conjectured that the neurons themselves are healthy but maybe they are just wired together in an abnormal way . But we 've never had the technology to test that hypothesis until now , " Seung said . Seung 's own work in this area is focused on exploring individual neurons  something the HCP scanner can not do  , painstakingly building up three-dimensional maps of neurons taken from the retina of dead mice . In his new book , "  Connectome : How the Brain 's Wiring Makes Us Who We Are , " Seung argues that our identities are stored in the connections between individual brain cells . "  I believe connectomes are the meeting ground for nature and nurture . The gene controls how the brain wires up , but experiences also modify the connections of the brain , " he said . "  I 'm interested in why we are unique . What is the source of our uniqueness ? I believe the differences between people are going to be , in large part , down to the differences in neuro-connectomes . " But the task of mapping human neurons is enormous when compared to the mapping of say , the human genome , he says . "  The complete neural connectome of a human has a billion times more connections than a genome has letters , " Seung said . And only one organism 's connectome -- the one millimeter-long worm C.elegans -- is known in its entirety , says Seung . But its 300 neurons and 7,000 connections took British researchers over a decade to complete during the 1970s and 1980s . Humans have around 100 billion neurons . "  The brain is so complex , so do we have a prayer of figuring it out ? " Seung said . "  I would argue the fundamental limitation has been technological so far . But I would say that once we can observe what 's happening in the brain at the appropriate resolution then we have a chance . "	Emerging field of "  Connectomics " aims to uncover the complex secrets of the brain Human Connectome Project shedding new light on connectivity and function New advances could pave the way for treatments of brain disorders like autism
CNN  -- Like a lot of people , Anna Owens began using MySpace more than four years ago to keep in touch with friends who were n't in college . Our real-world friendships are often a reflection of who we connect with online , experts say . But soon she felt too old for the social-networking site , and the customizable pages with music that were fun at first began to annoy her . By the time she graduated from the University of Puget Sound , Owens ' classmates were n't on MySpace -- they were on Facebook . Throughout graduate school and beyond , as her network began to expand , Owens ceased using MySpace altogether . Facebook had come to represent the whole of her social and professional universe . "  MySpace has one population , Facebook has another , " said the 26-year-old , who works for an affordable-housing nonprofit in San Francisco , California . "  Blue-collar , part-time workers might like the appeal of MySpace more -- it definitely depends on who you meet and what they use ; that 's what motivates people to join and stay interested . " Is there a class divide online ? Research suggests yes . A recent study by market research firm Nielsen Claritas found that people in more affluent demographics are 25 percent more likely to be found friending on Facebook , while the less affluent are 37 percent more likely to connect on MySpace . More specifically , almost 23 percent of Facebook users earn more than $ 100,000 a year , compared to slightly more than 16 percent of MySpace users . On the other end of the spectrum , 37 percent of MySpace members earn less than $ 50,000 annually , compared with about 28 percent of Facebook users . MySpace users tend to be "  in middle-class , blue-collar neighborhoods , " said Mike Mancini , vice president of data product management for Nielsen , which used an online panel of more than 200,000 social media users in the United States in August . "  They 're on their way up , or perhaps not college educated . " By contrast , Mancini said , "  Facebook -LSB- use -RSB- goes off the charts in the upscale suburbs , " driven by a demographic that for Nielsen is represented by white or Asian married couples between the ages of 45-64 with kids and high levels of education . Even more affluent are users of Twitter , the microblogging site , and LinkedIn , a networking site geared to white-collar professionals . Almost 38 percent of LinkedIn users earn more than $ 100,000 a year . Nielsen also found a strong overlap between those who use Facebook and those who use LinkedIn , Mancini said . Nielsen is n't the first to find this trend . Ethnographer danah boyd , who does not capitalize her name , said she watched the class divide emerge while conducting research of American teens ' use of social networks in 2006 . When she began , she noticed the high school students all used MySpace , but by the end of the school year , they were switching to Facebook . When boyd asked why , the students replied with reasons similar to Owens : "  the features were better ; MySpace is dangerous and Facebook is safe ; my friends are here , " boyd recalled . And then , boyd said , "  a young woman , living in a small historical town in Massachussetts said to me , ' I do n't mean to be a racist or anything , but MySpace is like , ghetto . ' " For boyd , that 's when it clicked . "  It 's not a matter of choice between Facebook and MySpace , it was a movement to Facebook from MySpace , " she said , a movement that largely included the educated and the upper-class . So why do our online worlds , unencumbered by what separates us in daily life , reflect humans ' tendency to stick with what -- and who -- they know ? A lot of it has to do with the disparate beginnings of MySpace and Facebook , said Adam Ostrow , editor-in-chief of Mashable , a blog about social media . Facebook originated at Harvard University and was limited at first to students at approved colleges before opening itself to the public in September 2006 . MySpace , on the other hand , had a "  come one , come all " policy and made a mad dash towards monetization , Ostrow said . "  They used a lot of banner ads without regard to the quality , and it really diminished the value -LSB- of the site -RSB- for the more tech-savvy demographic . " And while the Internet can build bridges between people on opposite sides of the globe , we still tend to connect with the same people through online social networks who we connect with offline , said technology writer and blogger Sarah Perez . "  It 's effectively a mirror to our real world , " she told CNN . "  Social networks are the online version of what kids do after school . " These social-networking divides are worrisome to boyd , who wrote "  Taken Out of Context : American Teen Sociality in Networked Publics . " Instead of allowing us to cross the boundaries that exist in our everyday lives , these online class differences threaten to carry those boundaries into the future . "  The social-network infrastructure is going to be a part of everything going forward , just like -LSB- Web -RSB- search is , " boyd said . "  The Internet is not this great equalizer that rids us of the problems of the physical world -- the Internet mirrors and magnifies them . The divisions that we have in everyday life are going to manifest themselves online . " Jason Kaufman , a research science fellow with the Berkman Center for Internet and Society at Harvard University , examined the Facebook profiles of a group of college students over four years and found that even within Facebook , there 's evidence of self-segregation . Multiracial students tended to have more Facebook friends than students of other backgrounds and were often the sole connection between white and black circles , Kaufman said . Nonetheless , Kaufman feels that social networks may one day help us overcome our instinct to associate with those who share our income level , education , or racial background . "  I think it 's fair to say that the Web has great potential to at least mitigate everyday tendencies towards self-segregation and social exclusion , " Kaufman said . "  In some ways , -LSB- Facebook -RSB- levels the playing field of friendship stratification . In the real world , you have very close friends and then there are those you just say "  Hi " to when you pass them on the street . "  The playing field is a lot more level in that you can find yourself having a wall-to-wall exchange with just an acquaintance . If you pick up the unlikely friend , not of your race or income bracket , the network may -LSB- help you -RSB- establish a more active friendship than if you met them in real life . " But MySpace 's users still find something appealing about MySpace that they do n't about Facebook , and it may have nothing to do with class or race , blogger Perez said . "  It 's not just the demographics that have people picking one over the other , " Perez said . "  It also comes down to what activities you like . If you like music , you 'll still be on MySpace . If you 're more into applications , then you might go to Facebook because you 're addicted to Mafia Wars or whatever . " In the end , boyd is n't as concerned about the reasons behind these divisions online as she is about the consequences of people only networking within their chosen social-media groups . "  Friendships and family relationships are socially divided ; people self-segregate to deal with racism sometimes , " she said . "  Okay , fine : We 've made a decision to self-segregate , but what happens when politicians go on Facebook and think they 're reaching the whole public ? What happens when colleges only go on Facebook to promote ? " When and if that does happen , Mashable 's Ostrow said , we 'll know perhaps we 've given social networks more credit than they 're worth . "  When it comes to information , I do n't think social networks are the best source for that . The Internet is so open , " said Ostrow , who believes users would go beyond their networks to search out information online . If you 're looking to branch out of your social network box , your best option may be Twitter . Nielsen 's survey did n't find a dominant social class on Twitter as much as they found a geographical one : Those who use Twitter are more likely to live in an urban area where there 's greater access to wireless network coverage , Mancini said . "  The simplicity of Twitter definitely creates less of a divide , because it 's not a relationship like it is on MySpace or Facebook , " Ostrow said . "  If you live in the middle of nowhere or you live in a city , you can follow anyone about anything . "	A recent Nielsen study finds class differences between online social networks Wealthier people are more likely to use Facebook ; the less affluent , MySpace Almost 38 percent of LinkedIn users earn more than $ 100,000 a year A researcher found that college students tended to self-segregate online
CNN  -- Panicked customers rushed to the exits when a gunman opened fire Tuesday at a mall outside Portland , Oregon . Some people huddled behind store counters and hid behind racks of clothing . The mall 's Santa dropped to the ground . Three people were killed , including the shooter , said Lt. James Rhodes of the Clackamas County Sheriff 's Office . The shooter died of a self-inflicted gunshot , he said . One person suffered a traumatic injury . A witness told CNN he tried to help a wounded woman who was lying on the ground by a cell phone store . "  She had apparently been shot in the chest , and I could n't get her turned over to help her , " said Antonio Charro , who had been shopping at the mall with his daughters . "  There was no one around . She was n't breathing . " Witnesses said a masked man with a gun headed toward the food court at the two-story Clackamas Town Center mall , located about 11 miles southeast of downtown Portland . Read tweets from people at the scene A woman told CNN affiliate KOIN that she saw a man wearing a hockey mask jogging through Macy 's and wielding an assault rifle . "  Everyone ran toward the exits at that point to get out , " she said . Outside Macy 's , gunshots echoed where a man portraying Santa Claus was snapping photos with kids . "  I heard two shots , then 15 or 16 more shots , " he told CNN affiliate KGW . "  I hit the floor . " The sounds of gunfire rang out through the mall , witnesses said . "  We heard one gunshot . It sounded like something fell , " David Moran , an employee at the mall , told CNN . "  Then it was a matter of two or three seconds , and then it was just rapid gunfire . " Customers and employees alike started running for the exits , Moran said . "  I thought I was going to die , " he said . "  The gunshots were so loud , it was very scary . ... Kids were crying . Parents were crying , too . " Inside Sears , some customers burst into tears as word spread of the shooter going store to store , Christina Fisher told KOIN . "  We were told to stand in a group by the top of the escalators and stay away from the windows out of the aisle . ... We stood there for probably a good 20 minutes , " she said . "  All of the sudden , somebody came through with a radio , yelling ` get down ! ' " Are you there ? Share your stories , videos and images . A group of customers inside Sears watched television news reports about the shooting inside the store 's entertainment center , witness Tylor Pedersen told CNN affiliate KGW . Pedersen said he heard about the shooting when people ran into the store , saying they had heard shots fired in the middle of the mall . "  I did n't think it was real at first until I saw the reactions on their faces , " he said . "  They were serious . " Authorities put the mall on lockdown as they searched for the shooter , witnesses said . Later , they escorted people outside . "  All of us had to have our hands raised , because they did n't know who the shooter was yet , " said Larisa Terekhova , who posted a video online that showed people leaving the mall with their arms in the air . Gov. John Kitzhaber praised first responders for reacting quickly to the shooting . "  I have directed State Police to make any and all necessary resources available to local law enforcement , " he said in a statement . Authorities closed entrances and exits into the mall parking lot Tuesday evening , said Lt. Gregg Hastings of the Oregon State Police . A spokesman for General Growth Properties , which owns the mall , referred questions about the shooting to the sheriff 's office . "  Our hearts and prayers are with everyone who was in the mall at the time of this incident , " said David Keating , vice president of corporate communications . "  Our priority is always for their safety and well-being . " Timeline : Worst mass shootings in U.S. CNN 's Chandler Friedman , Cristy Lenz , Tom Watkins , John Fricke , AnneClaire Stapleton and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : One witness says he tried to help a woman who was shot in the chest The gunman died of a self-inflicted gunshot , a sheriff 's official says The mall 's Santa says he heard gunshots and "  hit the floor " One witness in Macy 's says she saw a man wearing a hockey mask
Washington  CNN  -- New U.S. military intelligence suggests Iran plans to smuggle new shipments of weapons into Afghanistan in the coming weeks as part of an increased effort to interfere with coalition operations , a senior U.S. Defense Department official said Friday . The information came from an "  Iranian source " whose tips on past shipments have been verified by the United States , the official said . The official declined to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the information . He also declined to offer more details on the identity of the Iranian source . Intelligence gained by talking to people , sometimes referred to as "  human intelligence , " is always considered sensitive for fear of compromising sources . "  There are indications the Iranians have stepped it up , " the official said . But another U.S. official said Iran is only providing "  limited supplies of weapons to the Taliban ... not enough to cause major problems for coalition forces . " The official also noted that Iran -- a majority Shiite country -- and the Sunni Taliban almost went to war with one another in the late 90s , so it 's not really in their interest to be a major source of top-shelf arms to the Taliban . Earlier this week , however , Adm. Michael Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told reporters in Afghanistan he was ` taken aback " when he learned of a "  significant shipment " of weapons from Iran into Kandahar in southeastern Afghanistan . Mullen and his aides declined to offer any other details . And the Defense Department official said the source has told the United States of "  volumes of Iranian munitions coming into Afghanistan . " Tehran has consistently denied supporting groups opposed to the Afghan government . U.S. and coalition troops have seen evidence of some Iranian weapons inside Afghanistan found in seized caches or in the aftermath of attacks . Some munitions have recent manufacturing dates and serial numbers . "  That leads us to believe there are ongoing and current shipments coming into Afghanistan from Iran , " the official said . The Iranian weapons include not only rockets and grenades but also material and explosives to make improvised explosive devices . The official said the United States has found high explosives that are clearly manufactured in Iran with a particular process and design "  similar to what we saw with Iranian weapons in Iraq . " The Pentagon official said some of the upcoming shipments might be designated for Kandahar , adding that the U.S. military would do everything it could to stop that from happening . The official indicated it had been several months since coalition forces had seized any weapons shipments at Afghanistan 's western border with Iran . Authorities believe shipments are broken up into smaller loads at the border and then brought into the country as unobtrusively as possible by truck convoys . The issue of just how much Iran is interfering inside Afghanistan remains under debate in the administration 's national security circles . Recently , Defense Secretary Robert Gates accused Iran of playing a "  double game " in Afghanistan , both aiding the Taliban and more publicly helping finance some public institutions . But he then described Iranian assistance to the Taliban as "  pretty low-level . " "  We have really not seen an increase of Iranian assistance , whether it 's equipment or weapons or training , in western Afghanistan , " Gates told reporters on February 22 . "  We 're obviously keeping an eye on it , but it seems pretty modest at this point . "	Info was from reliable "  Iranian source , " the Defense Department official said "  Limited supplies " of weapons wo n't cause major problems , another official said Joint Chiefs chair said this week he was ` taken aback " by news of Iranian arms shipments Tehran has consistently denied helping Afghan anti-government forces
CNN  -- In just four days , Chris Picco went from husband and expectant father to a man without a family . His wife Ashley died November 8 ; their newborn son , delivered by emergency cesarean section , died three days later . In August , Ashley and Chris Picco celebrated their seventh wedding anniversary by posting a photo to Facebook . In the image , a tiny pair of fur-lined baby booties stands empty between the Southern California couple . "  Coming Soon " is inscribed above . It is still Ashley 's cover photo . Ashley was a mother for only a few short hours before she died . She left behind "  harmonies that will continue to resonate in our hearts and memories , " her family and friends posted online . Lennon James was born by emergency C-section three months early , "  fighting for his life , " Chris posted . Although Chris was grieving Ashley 's loss , he thanked those who had reached out in several online postings . "  It 's impossible to sum up what has happened in the past couple of days , " he said . "  My wife , best friend and mother of my child passed away . I have a lifetime to grieve this unspeakable loss , but I know that right now she would want me to focus completely on baby Lennon James Picco ... " On Wednesday , a friend posted a video of Chris in the hospital , singing to his newborn son . The video shows Chris seated next to a whirring , clicking incubator , baby Lennon swaddled in blankets and surrounded by tubes . The video was recorded Tuesday , when Chris had posted , "  Ashley would often feel Lennon moving to music , so I brought my guitar today and gave him a little concert . " The song Chris chose , "  Blackbird , " was written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney during their time with the Beatles . The song begins : "  Blackbird singing in the dead of night Take these broken wings and learn to fly All your life You were only waiting for this moment to arise . " Little Lennon James Pico died late Tuesday night in his father 's arms . On Wednesday , Chris posted this update : "  Dear friends , family , and supporters ; it is with an unbelievably heavy heart that I write this . My little fighter , Lennon James Picco went to sleep in his daddy 's arms late last night . He was surrounded by family , friends , and the best doctors , nurses and hospital staff in the world . He was dressed in an outfit that Ashley bought for him , with little guitars on it , and wrapped in a blanket made by a dear friend . I am so thankful for the four unforgettable days I got to spend with him . His mommy would have been so beyond joy to see him and to hold him , touch him , bathe him , sing to him - as I have had the privilege of doing . I have been so blessed and honored to love him before he was formed , to cherish him while mommy carried him , meet him face to precious face , and hold his perfect little body while we said ` goodbye for now ' . There are no words , but I wanted to keep you updated , as your love and support has meant more than anything in the world . All you need is love . " A spokesman for Chris said he wants to tell his story but needed time with family and friends for now . A memorial is planned for Saturday at the Piccos ' church , Loma Linda University Church in Loma Linda , California .	The baby was born to a dying woman via emergency C-section The grieving father plays "  Blackbird " for his infant son , Lennon The baby died late Tuesday night in his father 's arms
CNN  -- Boeing says it has notified all 767 aircraft operators about cracks found on two American Airlines 767-300 planes , and by mid-July will recommend more frequent maintenance checks . American Airlines found the cracks in large pylons that hold engines onto the wings of two of its 767-300 aircraft , which Boeing currently recommends inspecting every 1,500 takeoff and landing cycles . "  Boeing will recommend decreasing the number of flight cycles between inspections of the pylon mid spar fitting from every 1,500 flight cycles to possibly as low as every 400 flight cycles , " the company said late Wednesday . About 260 planes constructed in the same manner as the damaged American Airlines aircraft could be affected by the recommendation , Boeing said . American Airlines spokesman Tim Wagner said the problem was first discovered on one of its 767-300s about two weeks ago during a maintenance check targeting other parts of the aircraft . The airline then found cracking on one more 767-300 after inspecting a total of 56 aircraft -- 767-300 and 767-200s -- a process American Airlines completed Monday night . "  We found these issues when it 's best to find them , which is early on , " said Wagner . The airline has sent the first damaged pylon to a metallurgy lab to try to determine why it cracked . "  Until that metallurgy testing is completed no one knows what the cause is , " said Wagner . The damaged planes were among American 's older aircraft , Wagner added . American flies Boeing 767-300s on international routes as well as long-haul domestic routes . The 767-200s fly primarily transcontinental routes . Airlines have previously found similar cracks at the holes where the pylon attaches to the wing , which led Boeing and the Federal Aviation Administration five years ago to recommend checks every 1,500 cycles . At that time , when the FAA issued an airworthiness directive it said , "  We are issuing this  directive  to prevent fatigue cracking in the primary strut structure and reduced structural integrity of the strut , which could result in separation of the strut and engine . "	American Airlines found cracks on two 767-300 aircraft Boeing says it will recommend more frequent checks of 767 aircraft Cause of cracks is still unknown , testing is underway About 260 planes could be affected by the recommendation
CNN  -- A Canadian sports doctor has been charged in Toronto with selling what some athletes consider to be a performance-enhancing drug , the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said Wednesday . Anthony Michael Galea , 51 , of Oakville , Ontario , was charged with selling an unapproved drug , conspiracy to import the drug ; conspiracy to export and smuggling goods into Canada . The investigation got under way last September , when Galea 's assistant was taken into custody departing Canada with Actovegin , the RCMP said in a statement that alleged Galea was planning to administer the drug to some of his patients outside Canada . Actovegin , a derivative of calf 's liver blood , is approved for use in some European countries . A report in Clinicaltrials.gov shows that it has been investigated as a possible treatment for nerve damage in diabetics , though it has not been approved for use in the United States . The RCMP investigators also allege that Galea administered the drugs to patients and conspired to export them to the United States . On October 15 , Canadian officials executed a search warrant on Galea 's medical facilities , the Institute of Sports Medicine Health and Wellness Center , resulting in the seizure of unapproved drugs , believed to be Actovegin , from the doctor 's office , the RCMP statement said . Galea is to appear Friday morning at Old City Hall Court in Toronto . One of Galea 's patients was Tiger Woods , whom he treated last year after the golfer underwent knee surgery . In a written statement , Woods ' agent Mark Steinberg at IMG said his client received a "  widely accepted therapy " from Galea . Steinberg disputed a New York Times report in which Galea claimed IMG referred Woods to him for treatment . "  Despite totally false press speculation , no one at IMG has ever met or recommended Dr. Galea , nor were we worried about the progress of Tiger 's recovery , " Steinberg said . "  The treatment Tiger received is a widely accepted therapy and to suggest some connection with illegality is recklessly irresponsible . That rehabilitation did not involve human growth hormone , a substance that Tiger has never taken . " Galea has also worked with Olympic athletes and professional baseball , football and hockey players . Brian H. Greenspan , Galea 's lawyer , denied his client ever supplied any star athletes with performance-enhancing drugs and said his client would prove his innocence of all charges . "  Tiger Woods happened to be a patient he -LSB- Galea -RSB- assisted in his rehabilitation program after his surgery , " Greenspan told reporters Tuesday . "  According to all reports , he was very successful in assisting Tiger Woods to return to golf earlier than was anticipated , " he added .	Four drug-related charges brought against Canadian sports Dr. Anthony Galea Charges relate to use of Actovegin , a potentially performance-enhancing drug Galea has treated several athletes , including golfer Tiger Woods
CNN  -- There were goals , there was choreographed dancing , there were moments of great footballing beauty , but Colombia -- one of the teams to excite most at this thrilling World Cup finals -- is going home after Friday 's quarterfinal defeat at the hands of Brazil in Fortaleza . Strikes from the center-back pairing of captain Thiago Silva and David Luiz put Brazil into an unassailable lead and , despite a late penalty by James Rodriguez , the tournament host held on to win 2-1 . The home fans ' jubilation was dampened , however , by an injury to Brazil 's star striker Neymar , who was stretchered off in what seemed like considerable pain in the game 's closing moments and will miss the rest of the tournament . The result marks the first time Brazil has reached the semifinal stage since winning the title in Japan and South Korea in 2002 , and sets up an intriguing clash against Germany on Tuesday -- a repeat of that year 's final . "  I think Neymar wo n't be able to play , " coach Luiz Felipe Scolari told reporters after the game , before the team 's doctor revealed the 22-year-old forward had a fractured vertebra from being kneed in the back by Colombia 's Juan Zuniga . Germany overcame France in the day 's earlier quarterfinal in Rio de Janeiro thanks to an early goal from defender Mats Hummels . In the sweaty evening heat of the Estadio Castelao , however , it was another pair of defenders who were the unlikely heroes . Silva opened the scoring after seven minutes , tucking home a Neymar corner with his knee , and the Paris Saint-Germain star was then in thick of it once more at the other end moments later , blocking a shot from Juan Cuadrado . Silva was criticized heavily after apparently refusing to take the sixth penalty in Brazil 's round of 16 shootout victory over Chile last Saturday . He was all action here , however . Marshaling the back line and flying into tackles when required . But a yellow card midway through the second half means he will be suspended and miss the semifinal . The Colombia players composed themselves as the first half progressed , coming more into the game despite the rough-house treatment handed out to star player James Rodriguez . On at least four occasions the Monaco star was subject to the stray boot of Brazil 's midfield enforcer Fernandinho . Still , the home team continued to have the better chances . Hulk and Fred came close with a snap-shot that Colombia keeper David Ospina palmed away and a header that flashed over respectively . The second half commenced at a far slower pace and there was little of note until Silva was booked for blocking a kick out from Ospina . Colombia did have the ball in the net after 66 minutes as Mario Yepes bundled the ball over the line after a scramble in the Brazilian box . But a linesman 's offside flag cut short the nascent celebrations . Moments later there was a goal , although it was to come at the other end . Hulk was fouled by Rodriguez 35 yards from goal and Luiz stepped up to crash a spectacular free-kick beyond the despairing Ospina . It was a remarkable strike that dipped and swerved as it arrowed into the top corner of the net . There seemed no way back for Colombia now . But "  Los Cafeteros " were handed a lifeline with 12 minutes to go after goalkeeper Julio Cesar scythed down substitute Carlos Bacca . Rodriguez did the honors from the penalty spot , sending Cesar the wrong way to score his sixth goal of the tournament -- two more than closest rivals Neymar , Lionel Messi and Thomas Muller . All of a sudden , the game was back on . Colombia pressed and threw caution to the wind with Yepes playing as an auxiliary striker . But when one final corner kick delivery drifted beyond Cesar 's goal in the 95th minute there was time left for little else . Scolari 's side has now overcome the barrier that has proved too high at the last two World Cup tournaments . However , Brazil has not yet looked like a team certain to become world champion for a record-extending sixth time -- as its demanding public expects -- despite having world-class talents like Neymar , Silva and Oscar . Yet somehow they find themselves only a game away from next Sunday 's final . Stuttering performances and the occasional stroke of good fortune against Croatia and Mexico in the group stages and once more against Chile has hardly inspired confidence in "  A Selecao . " Poor showings from the likes of strikers Hulk and Fred have been singled out for particular scorn , although the former put in a solid performance against Colombia . Much was also made in the Brazilian media of 2002 's winning coach Scolari -- a man who prides himself on being a father figure to his players -- bringing in a psychologist to speak to his team after many broke down in tears during the national anthems and once again after the dramatic penalty kicks victory over Chile . Was this team soft and mentally weak ? Are the expectations of 200 million football-mad Brazilians proving oppressive and too much to bear ? "  Big Phil " truculently replied earlier this week that journalists who did n't like his methods could "  go to hell . " Whether said reporters took heed or not , surely lack of maturity is not an accusation that can be leveled against Brazil now . The men in yellow were nothing if not committed , controlled and tactically astute , biting into tackles and closing down with an intensity that ruffled their opponents . Several gestured towards the crowd throughout the contest to increase the noise and crank up the pressure . Colombia , by comparison , can hardly have been accused of being afraid . Jose Pekerman 's team has played with a style and confidence throughout the tournament that has been a joy to watch for neutral observers . The delight the entire squad takes in their choreographed dancing celebrations , meanwhile , speaks to the relaxed vibe created by the coach , previously a World Cup quarterfinalist with his native Argentina in 2006 . Tellingly , however , Colombia has only ever beaten Brazil twice and never in Brazil -- a run that extends all the way back to 1945 and the formative years of the Copa America . That record will now last at least until the two sides meet next in qualification for the next World Cup in the coming years . Still , today 's Colombia players will be heading back homes as heroes , the bright hope of a new generation as the country itself moves on from a dark past . It was 20 years ago this week that defender Andres Escobar was murdered in Medellin upon returning from the 1994 World Cup in the U.S. where he scored a cruel own-goal . Thankfully , those dark days are largely gone and Colombian hopes will be high when the campaign for Russia 2018 begins . Brazil , however , is still involved in 2014 and will be going to the semifinals in Belo Horizonte .	Brazil beats Colombia in World Cup quarterfinal in Fortaleza Goals from Thiago Silva and David Luiz secure 2-1 victory James Rodriguez scores late penalty to reduce deficit Brazil 's star striker Neymar may miss semifinal against Germany
Caracas , Venezuela  CNN  -- With 95 % of votes counted , Miranda state Gov. Henrique Capriles cruised to an easy primary win in Venezuela on Sunday , garnering some 62 % of the vote . He will face President Hugo Chavez in October . Capriles , 39 , led in polls heading into the election . He cast himself himself as a center-left candidate and sought to appeal to voters across the political spectrum . "  Today , our people spoke , " he told crowds of cheering supporters late Sunday . Calling for unity , he promised to work for all Venezuelans . Capriles won roughly 1.8 million of the approximately 2.9 votes cast in the country , according to Teresa Albanes , president of the electoral commission of an opposition coalition group . Capriles ' closest competitor , Zulia state Gov. Pablo Perez , garnered some 30 % of the vote , she said . Earlier in the day , voters queued up outside schools throughout the South American nation , where officials and observers reported that the primary proceeded smoothly . CNN iReporters sent pictures of long lines snaking in and around buildings in Caracas , Valencia and Maracay . The five opposition contenders for the presidential candidacy agreed on one thing : supporting whoever won the primary . The unified front could be a key weapon in the political battle leading up to October 's presidential election , analysts say . "  The opposition realized that if they are not united , if they divide the vote , they can never beat Chavez , " said Federico Welsch , a political science professor at the Simon Bolivar University in Caracas , prior to the vote . "  After Sunday , President Chavez will have an adversary with a face and a name . ... This time it seems like the opposition has a real possibility of winning . It 's not a very high probability , but there 's a chance . " Chavez 's supporters have slammed the opposition coalition , saying there 's no doubt the incumbent president will triumph in October . The candidates ' hatred of Chavez is the only thing pulling them together , Rep. Jesus Cepeda said in an interview broadcast on state television last month . "  Hatred is the most detestable human emotion . And when it lodges inside people , it consumes and corrupts them to a point where they ca n't even think . The opposition is full of resentment , " said Cepeda , a lawmaker from Chavez 's United Socialist Party of Venezuela . Beyond a shared goal of unseating Chavez , there were other issues at play in the primary , including what to do about high levels of public spending , widespread security problems and inadequate health care , said Jose Vicente Carrasquero , who is also a political science professor at the Simon Bolivar University and who also spoke ahead of the vote . "  Chavez is running for re-election for the fourth time , and these are the same problems that he did not resolve the three previous times , " Carrasquero said . Chavez has repeatedly hailed the successes of his government , arguing that poverty has declined and social programs have increased . The president has said he is confident he will win October 's election , but pledged to step aside if he does n't . "  If I lose the elections on October 7 , I would be the first to recognize it and I would hand over the government and I would call on civil servants and the military , from the most moderate to the most radical , to obey the mandate of the people , " Chavez said last month . Capriles , a former tax attorney , was the mayor of Baruta , a Caracas suburb , before winning the governorship of Miranda , which adjoins the Venezuelan capital . He was also the youngest vice president of the now defunct Venezuelan Congress . CNN 's Patricia Janiot and journalist Osmary Hernandez in Caracas and CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Claudia Dominguez and Rafael Romo in Atlanta and Rafael Fuenmayor in Miami contributed to this report .	Henrique Capriles : "  Today , our people spoke " Pablo Perez garners some 30 % of the vote Capriles wins 62 % of the vote Close to 3 million people cast ballots
CNN  -- Freedom . Equality . Both are cornerstones of our treasured American heritage as well as primary foundations of Sikhism . The South Asian faith preaches equality among races , genders , and classes and incorporates this teaching in all aspects of its practice . The Sikh temple , or gurdwara , which means "  House of God , " is open 24 hours a day , seven days a week , and has four doors pointing toward the four cardinal directions to welcome people from all faiths , creeds and backgrounds , demonstrating Sikh ideals in its very architecture . You find this not only in India -- where the most notable of gurdwaras is the Golden Temple -- but also right here in the United States . In fact , you 'll find it at the gurdwara in Oak Creek , Wisconsin , where one of those doors that welcomes all comers was used by someone who did not have equality in his heart . Those four doors were kept open in no small part because of the tireless dedication and efforts of the president of the temple , Satwant Singh Kaleka , a personal , family friend I had the pleasure of knowing since we first welcomed members of his family to southeastern Wisconsin over 30 years ago -- a place that I still proudly call home . Although we now know him as a victim of this horrendous act and as the hero who died trying to stop the gunman , I remember him as someone who never missed an opportunity to open his heart to you and greet you with a smile . And what a characteristic and beautiful smile it was . His whole family is a fixture in the Milwaukee area and members carry with them that same spirit of love and caring . Indeed , one of my fondest memories is of Mr. Kaleka 's family joyfully leading a group of guests in song at our home in Wisconsin the day after our wedding . So full of life . Fate intervened and my family and I did not attend services that Sunday . The loss of our friends is deep and saddening and it hurts . But the effect it 's had on not just the Sikh but the broader community has been nothing less than profound . And for that , in the midst of this grief , I am sincerely grateful . In Sikhism , all are welcome and are one , without condition or limitation . All Sikh houses of worship have a community kitchen , called a langar , so that anyone in need of food can come and eat free of charge at any time . Indeed , tradition dictates that everyone who participates in langar sit at an equal level with all other diners to remind congregants to practice what is preached -- that we are all one . Both at langar and elsewhere , congregants strive to serve others , especially those less fortunate . It 's a practice known as seva , selfless service , and it represents the highest ideal and function of Sikhs . At their core , the teachings and traditions of Sikhism represent the very best of what our beloved country stands for : a place of equality and opportunity open to and in service of all . And , as they 've done in both in their home country and here in the United States , Sikhs have sacrificed greatly to ensure that this freedom is guaranteed to all . But , unfortunately , we also have to recognize that respecting and protecting the liberty and equality of all sometimes means making an uncomfortable peace with those who seek to undermine those very same principles . It means making a place for those who might not reflect our lofty ideals and who express hate instead of inclusion . It means making a place for , and respecting the existence of , people like Wade Michael Page , who committed the massacre in Oak Creek on Sunday . A messy thing , freedom . That said , as Americans and as Sikhs , we are committed to respecting the essential rights of every human . We know the sacrifices of heroes like Lt. Brian Murphy -- in critical condition after he was shot nine times helping victims -- Satwant Singh Kaleka and myriad others , are worth it in the end . It 's the price of the society envisioned by the Founding Fathers and those sages who founded Sikhism . Indeed , it 's the price we pay for the very foundation of this country that we call home . After all , as it is written in the very first stanza of the Sikh holy book , we are all one under one guiding spirit . Not just those with whom we agree , but all of us . Now , if only we could all remember that . Chardi Kala . May your spirit rise . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kanwar M. Singh .	Kanwar Singh : Freedom and equality are cornerstones of America and of Sikhism Kanwar was friends with temple head Satwant Singh Kaleka , who died trying to stop gunman Respecting all includes finding a place in the heart for people who express hate , he writes
The speaker in an audio message posted Thursday on an ISIS social media account claims to be leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . He is heard saying the U.S.-led coalition to destroy ISIS is "  terrified , weak and powerless . " CNN can not confirm the authenticity of the online message or when it was recorded . The 17-minute audio says the coalition 's effort has been a "  failure " and the coalition will be "  forced " to "  send ground forces to their deaths and destruction . " The speaker also urges Islamic State fighters to take their battle everywhere and "  light the Earth with fire upon all tyrants , " and mentions U.S. President Barack Obama 's plan to deploy 1,500 additional U.S. troops to Iraq "  under the claim they are advisers . " Laith Alkhouri , a senior analyst at Flashpoint Partners , a U.S. outfit that tracks jihadist websites , said analysts believe the audio is authentic . It was "  issued on the top-tier Islamic State web forum and other top jihadi web forums , " Alkhouri said . "  It was posted by the handle of the Islamic State 's official media correspondent . Al-Baghdadi 's voice is clearly heard in the audio . " There were reports last weekend that al-Baghdadi might have been hit in airstrikes , but it was not clear where he was in Iraq or whether he was wounded . Experts said that ISIS has a clear line of succession and someone would take al-Baghdadi 's place in the radical Sunni group if he was incapacitated or out of the picture entirely . More than 40 nations have joined the global coalition to battle ISIS . The U.S. has conducted an air campaign against the militant group while Kurdish and Iraqi forces have fought on the ground . Obama has asked his national security team to again review the nation 's policy toward Syria . It might not be possible to get rid of ISIS while Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is still in power , senior U.S. officials and diplomats told CNN this week . A pledge to keep fighting Little is known about al-Baghdadi . He formed his own militant group in the Samarra and Diyala areas of Iraq , where his family is from , and then joined al Qaeda in Iraq . He served four years in a U.S. prison camp for insurgents during the Iraq War . Who is al-Baghdadi ? The voice that 's purportedly al-Baghdadi says that ISIS fighters will wage war for as long as they have to . "  Even if only one soldier of them remained , they will never abandon fighting , because they defy humiliation and injustice , " the voice says . "  They will never abandon fighting , because they did not taste honor and dignity except by fighting . They will never abandon fighting . Indeed , they are triumphant . They will be triumphant even if only one man of them is left . They are triumphant and upon certainty of Allah 's support for them . " The voice also says he has good news -- ISIS is expanding into Saudi Arabia , Yemen , Egypt , Libya and Algeria . The posting comes on the same day that ISIS announced on social media that its "  treasury department " will begin minting its own currency in gold , silver and copper . A statement from the military group said that al-Baghdadi directed the creation of the currently to avoid the "  tyrants ' financial system . " Sources : Obama seeks new Syria strategy	Audio message purportedly of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi calls coalition effort a "  failure " Troops that try to fight ISIS are being sent to "  their deaths and destruction " Message appears days after reports that al-Baghdadi was injured in an airstrike CNN can not confirm those reports , or the audio message allegedly of al-Baghdadi
Doha  CNN  -- After two weeks of climate negotiations in Doha , bleary-eyed ministers , negotiators , and advocates are headed back home to the various regions around the world . Few , if any , are leaving entirely satisfied . The pace of progress on climate change is still too slow and the political will for greater ambition remains elusive . That said , these talks did achieve the basic goal of extending the Kyoto Protocol and moving countries onto a single negotiating track toward a new climate agreement by 2015 . This leaves the door for more progress ahead . This year 's talks took place against the backdrop of two disturbing trends . On the one hand , there are multiple signs that climate change is here and its impacts are already being felt around the world . On the other hand , the world remains tied to the consumption of fossil fuels that drive more and more greenhouse gas emissions into the atmosphere . With each passing day that we do n't shift directions , we are increasingly locking ourselves into more unstable climate future . The real question is : Can the international talks have a real impact on climate change ? But before we get to that question , let 's look more closely at the two trends : First , in recent years , we 've seen a surge in climate and extreme weather events , along with analysis and other evidence that the world is on an unsustainable course . The most recent and tragic example was Super Typhoon Bopha that swept across the Philippines this week , killing at least 500 people and leaving tens of thousands displaced . Typhoons are n't unusual in the Philippines , but this one is the most southern on record and it arrived particularly late in the year . The storm , of course , comes on the heels of Hurricane Sandy , which swept through the Caribbean and up the East Coast of the United States , leaving hundreds dead , and thousands without power or property . These are the kind of extreme weather events that are becoming more common in a warming world . On top of these examples are a series of powerful new reports that reinforce the dangerous direction the world is headed . For instance , the World Bank just released a report , "  Turning Down the Heat , " which explores a world with four degrees Celsius of global temperature growth . The picture is not pretty . Four degrees would bring more intense wildfires , heat waves , and droughts . Ocean life would die off , while pests and disease would increase , the report says . Already we are seeing that polar ice is melting faster than expected and sea levels are rising beyond many projections . For instance , NOAA just released a study showing that sea levels could rise as much as 6.6 feet by the end of the century . Furthermore , temperature records continue to fall . The United States is on course to have it hottest year on record , as withering drought spreads across two-thirds of the country . That brings us to the second major trend , which is the world 's ongoing dependence on fossil fuels . WRI recently released an analysis showing that there are nearly 1,200 new proposed coal plants worldwide . While not all of these will be developed , even a fraction of them would drive up global emissions . Oil , likewise , remains a dominant fuel source . And , despite the enormous profits , the International Energy Agency has reported that government subsidies for fossil fuels were six times those for renewable energy in 2011 . This dependence on fossil fuels keeps pushing up the global emissions .  2011 also broke the record for greenhouse gas emissions in the atmosphere . That 's why what happens in the global climate agreements is so crucial . The UN is the only venue that brings all countries together and gives each a chance to have a voice . It provides a common arena that enhances transparency and accountability among countries . But , the UN is only as effective as the political will of its members . Right now , when it comes to climate change , we are simply not seeing nearly enough commitment nor ambition from national leaders . Greater domestic action can instill confidence and help build momentum . With more national leadership , the UN can move faster and take a bigger bite out of global emissions . Of course , the international system can not solve the problem on its own . We need business leaders , government officials , and the public to step up as well . We need more of their voices in the debate . Fortunately , public understanding of climate change is on the rise , as is support for action . Turning again to the Doha meeting , it 's certainly clear that the meeting alone wo n't do enough to address this issue . But it does put countries on a track and provides them with the opportunity to raise their ambition . The time we have to cut emissions to avoid the worst consequences of climate change is running short . The stakes are high . It 's time for world leaders , negotiators and the public to increase their intensity , to develop more specific strategies , and deliver more emission reductions . We need to build on Doha and get on a path to a strong , fair and ambitious climate agreement . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jennifer Morgan .	Climate negotiations end in Doha , Qatar without a major agreement The talks achieved the basic goal of extending the Kyoto Protocol WRI 's Jennifer Morgan says progress on climate change is still too slow Morgan : World needs t o ` get on a path to a strong , fair and ambitious climate agreement '
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Perhaps Ryan Seacrest said it best at the top of the "  American Idol " Tuesday night when describing Adam Lambert and Kris Allen , the show 's final two contestants . In this corner : Kris Allen , the guy next door . "  It is the battle of the acoustic rocker versus the glam rocker . Conway  Arkansas  versus California . The guy next door versus the guy-liner . " After three performances apiece and plenty of judge feedback , it seems that the Southern California glam-rocker Adam Lambert has the edge -- but it did n't look that way early in Tuesday 's show . In the first round , where the contestants chose a song from a favorite past performance this season , Simon Cowell declared Kris Allen the winner after his rendition of "  Ai n't No Sunshine " on piano . Watch Allen and Lambert talk after the show " Lambert chose to sing "  Mad World " while wearing a long black coat and walking around a stage filled with white smoke , all of which Cowell found "  over-theatrical . " "  I think ` Mad World ' is kind of symbolic , " Lambert told reporters after the show . "  It talks about people who do n't feel like they fit in . " Round two featured a tune hand-picked by "  American Idol " creator Simon Fuller , where Lambert ditched the black overcoat and belted out Sam Cooke 's "  A Change Is Gon na Come " while sporting a shiny silver suit . Paula Abdul told Lambert "  it was the best I 've ever heard you sing , ever ! " Allen 's feedback after singing Marvin Gaye 's classic "  What 's Goin ' On " in the second round was much less flattering . See the best and worst performances from season eight " "  I thought it was too laid back for a night like this , " said Cowell . He then gave round two to Lambert . Round three featured a bit of a twist -- both contestants had to sing a song co-written by judge Kara DioGuardi called "  No Boundaries . " Lambert went first and had little difficulty with the ballad . Cowell told the 27-year-old afterward that "  you have been one of the best , most original contestants we 've ever had on the show . " Allen , however , struggled to stay in tune during the entire performance ... but the judges were less harsh this time . "  You have thoroughly , thoroughly deserved to be standing on that stage tonight , congratulations , " said Cowell . Watch anchors debate "  Idol " finalists " After the show , Lambert told reporters that they did not have a lot of time to work on "  No Boundaries " and it was kind of a "  rush job . " "  There was a lot of lyric , and it was a big song , " said Lambert . "  But it 's a beautiful song . " It almost seems appropriate that these two are facing off in the finale . According to Allen , he and Lambert were once roommates during the competition . They even critique each other 's rehearsals . "  He 's always giving me stuff to change about mine ... to make it better , " Allen told reporters . iReport.com : Who should win : Kris or Adam ? A little over an hour before the show began , a magnitude 4.0 quake aftershock hit 10 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles . Tuesday night 's telecast was held at the Nokia Theater , which is in downtown Los Angeles . A 4.7-magnitude earthquake struck the area shortly before 8:40 p.m. Sunday . But , to Allen 's disappointment , neither of the contestants felt the jolt Tuesday . "  I was totally upset , too , because I 've never been to California  except for ` American Idol '  , and I was like , ' I want to feel an earthquake . ' " Allen and Lambert will return to the stage Wednesday night and find out , along with the rest of the world , who will be crowned the next "  American Idol " at the two-hour finale .	Final two "  American Idol " contestants battle it out in song for the title Tuesday Californian Adam Lambert has developed a glam-rock persona Arkansas resident Kris Allen has a guy-next-door appeal Who will America choose ? Results show starts at 8 p.m. ET Wednesday
CNN  -- The chants started from the upper reaches of Radio City Music Hall , but when NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell stepped to the podium to begin the NFL draft on Thursday night , it was clear the fans had more on their minds than the first pick . "  We want football ! We want football ! We want football ! " Those football fans were speaking for millions across the country , all wondering when their sport will get paroled from the labor impasse that has imprisoned it over the past two months . SI.com : NFL draft round 2 analysis | Round 1 aftermath Finally , there are signs that might be happening . The NFL announced Thursday , after getting sacked twice in the courts this week , that offseason business resumes today . Weight rooms are open for workouts again . Coaches can hand out playbooks . Players can receive treatment . Read the NFL 's statement "  Football 's back , " union chief DeMaurice Smith declared . Well ... not quite . The NFL and its players still have significant hurdles to clear before reaching an agreement that will finally end the labor dispute that has hovered over the sport for months . And , if an appeals court rules in the NFL 's favor , the league could go right back into shutdown mode . But the latest news is potentially a step toward a full , uninterrupted football season . Here is a quick primer on the latest developments : How did we get to this point ? U.S. District Judge Susan Richard Nelson issued a strong rebuke of the owners Monday , ordering an immediate end to the lockout in an 89-page ruling . The league requested the judge to freeze her ruling , and in a decision that surprised no one , she declined . In her ruling , Nelson wrote that continuing the lockout "  is presently inflicting , and will continue to inflict , irreparable harm upon  the players  , particularly when weighed against the lack of any real injury that would be imposed on the NFL by issuing the preliminary injunction . " It was the arguably the biggest victory ever for the NFL players , long regarded as the weakest and most often trampled-upon union in professional sports . The owners , who want a bigger slice of the league 's $ 9.3 billion revenue pie , had no choice but to resume business . "  Clubs are free to contact players immediately to advise them of the hours that the facility will be open for their use , to schedule medical and rehabilitation activity , and to arrange meetings with coaches or related activity , such as film study or classroom work , " the NFL said in its statement . How did the NFL respond ? Bitterly . In a letter to The Wall Street Journal , Goodell predicted mass chaos if the players win this fight -- while conveniently ignoring the detail that it was the owners who started it by opting out of their collective bargaining agreement with the players . "  Rather than address the challenge of improving the collective-bargaining agreement for the benefit of the game , " he wrote , "  the union-financed lawsuit attacks virtually every aspect of the current system including the draft , the salary cap and free-agency rules , which collectively have been responsible for the quality and popularity of the game for nearly two decades . " Read Goodell 's letter to The Wall Street Journal Is all that true ? More likely , it 's a stance for negotiating . The players are the ones who were comfortable in the current system -- the owners opted out of the current collective bargaining agreement and asked the players to give back $ 1 billion of their slice of the revenue pie to help finance stadium construction . So where does the case go now ? To the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis . The appellate court will rule on the request for a stay , and to prevail , the NFL must show that it will be irreparably harmed if a stay is n't granted . A ruling on the appeal is expected to take at least two months . The onus is now on the owners to prove that the current system harms them -- a hard sell , considering the unprecedented success of professional football and the billion-dollar valuation of the teams . The league 's best bet was always to dig in and hope for the players to fracture and cave ; now , with legal rulings on their side , the players have more reason than ever to stay united . Remember : Players make the bulk of their salary during the season . Most wo n't really notice the financial hit until they start missing checks in September . What happens if a stay is n't granted ? Get ready for open season . The league would need to immediately put in place interim rules governing free agency , rookie signings and trades . Once it does , the teams would be free to begin signing players , even as the Court of Appeals process continues . The NFL Network 's Jason La Canfora reported Thursday that all of that could begin as early as Monday . Philadelphia Eagles fans are most interested in that : Their team is preparing to trade backup quarterback Kevin Kolb . What does this mean for the newly drafted players ? They 're in the same boat as the current players -- they 'll have to wait and see . But unlike the established players , the incoming rookies do n't have the same experience with an NFL team . The longer the labor issues drag out , the steeper the learning curve might be for the newcomers . Auburn quarterback Cam Newton , the No. 1 pick of the Carolina Panthers , has a lot to prove . The question is , when will he have the chance to get started ? When should fans really start to fear games will be missed ? If this drags into late August , start worrying . The NFL left some wiggle room in the schedule , leaving open the possibility that even if no games were played in the first three weeks of the season , all 16 games could still be played . The league also reserved hotel rooms for an additional week in Indianapolis , the site of the Super Bowl , which means the league could move the game from February 5 , 2012 , to February 12 , 2012 , if absolutely necessary . What is the best-case scenario for fans ? That the legal rulings -- and the prospect for more litigation and acrimony -- will prompt both sides to get back to the negotiating table and make real concessions . That 's always been the most sensible course of action . Of course , if they did that in the first place , we would n't be in this mess right now .	NFL fans boo commissioner and chant for football at NFL draft League 's labor battle is being fought in the courts Players have won early legal victories , which may be helping them stay united A test of their unity could come in September , when they 'd start missing paychecks
CNN  -- Citizens of the Ivory Coast headed to the polls Sunday for a repeatedly delayed presidential election -- the first in a decade for the top cocoa-producing west African nation . The election pits incumbent Laurent Gbagbo against 13 challengers , including opposition leaders Henri Bedie and Alassane Ouattara . Ouattara , a former economist for the International Monetary Fund , was banned from previous races . Bedie is seeking a comeback after being ousted in a 1999 coup . The election also features the nation 's first female presidential candidate , Jacquline Oble , who was the youngest minister in the previous Cabinet . The Ivory Coast was once one of Africa 's success stories , but a 2002 civil war plunged the nation into political instability . Analysts hope the election , which has been delayed for five years , will bring lasting peace . U.S. envoys applauded the final election date after years of delay . "  The United States is convinced that credible elections are key to resolving Cote d'Ivoire 's decade-long crisis and are central to political reconciliation and creating conditions that will result in good governance and economic development , " the U.S. Embassy in Abidjan said in a statement . "  Political stability and the rule of law are vital building blocks for a prosperous and sustainable future . " The United Nations said it has bolstered its 8,650 troops already there amid reports that local rebels are threatening to disrupt the election . U.S. President Barack Obama said the nation 's citizens are entitled to a fair election . "  The Ivoirian government , the candidates , their supporters , and all political actors have an obligation to ensure that the long-delayed presidential elections are held in a peaceful and transparent manner , " Obama said Thursday . If there 's no clear winner , a runoff will be held on November 28 , the United Nations said . The Ivory Coast is the world 's largest cocoa bean producer , according to the U.N. 's Food and Agriculture Organization . CNN 's Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	The election pits incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo against 13 challengers The Ivory Coast was once one of Africa 's success stories A 2002 civil war sparked instability
CNN  -- Two Comedy Central funnymen are apparently entering into the partisan political fray with rallies of their own in the nation 's capital . Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert have set October 30 as the date for their respective rallies . On Thursday night 's airing of "  The Daily Show With Jon Stewart , " the comedian announced plans for a "  Rally to Restore Sanity . " "  See you October 30 on the National Mall to spread the timeless message , ` Take it down a notch for America , ' " he said . Stewart dubbed the event a "  clarion call for rationality . " "  A million moderate march , where we take to the streets to send a message to our leaders and our national media that says , ` We are here ! We ... are only here until 6 though , because we have a sitter , ' " he said . On "  The Colbert Report , " which airs immediately after Stewart 's show , Colbert fired back with plans for his "  March to Keep Fear Alive . " "  Now is not the time to take it down a notch . Now is the time for all good men to freak out for freedom , " Colbert said . Stewart said on his Thursday show that he had reserved a spot on the National Mall . "  The forms have been filled out , the checks have been written , " he said . Stewart and Colbert have submitted one application for a permit for the Washington Monument grounds on October 30 , National Park Service spokesman Bill Line confirmed Friday . "  A permit is not finalized yet , and they are still working through a resolution as for any event , " Line added . Stewart is known more for commentaries on his 30-minute show than publicity stunts . But Colbert has engaged the public several times outside his show 's New York studio , filing papers to run for president in South Carolina and shaving his head while taping his show in Iraq to show support for troops . In a nonscientific online poll after the death last year of Walter Cronkite , Time magazine named Stewart "  America 's most trusted newscaster . " Stewart captured 44 percent of that vote , with NBC 's Brian Williams finishing a distant second at 29 percent . See the poll results here Actual scientific polling in 2007 by the Pew Research Center for People and the Press found Stewart tied for fourth place as viewers ' favorite news person , ranking alongside Dan Rather , Tom Brokaw , Brian Williams and CNN 's Anderson Cooper , and just behind Katie Couric , Charles Gibson and Bill O'Reilly . See the Pew poll results here In a separate Pew survey , 16 percent of Americans said they regularly watched "  The Daily Show " or "  The Colbert Report . " Those numbers are comparable to some major news programs . For instance , 17 percent said they regularly watched Fox News ' "  The O'Reilly Factor , " and 14 percent watched PBS ' "  NewsHour With Jim Lehrer " regularly . See the full survey results The announcements come less than three weeks after conservative talk-show host Glenn Beck hosted a much-publicized "  Restoring Honor " rally on the National Mall , urging large crowds to "  turn back to God " and return America to the values on which it was founded . That event drew criticism for its timing and location -- on the 47th anniversary of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's "  I Have a Dream " speech , delivered in the same place . The Rev. Jesse Jackson told CNN at the time that Beck was mimicking King and "  humiliating the tradition . " And other civil rights activists gathered nearby with the Rev. Al Sharpton and his National Action Network in a "  Reclaim the Dream " rally . Stewart first publicly floated the idea of a counter-rally in a profile in the September 12 edition of New York magazine . "  Maybe we would do a ` March of the Reasonable , ' on a date of no particular significance , " Stewart says in the article . Read the New York magazine profile The website logos and icons created for the Colbert and Stewart rallies mimic Beck 's , using identical typography and similar stylized images . "  We 're looking for the people who think shouting is annoying , counterproductive , and terrible for your throat ; who feel that the loudest voices should n't be the only ones that get heard , " the website for the "  Rally to Restore Sanity " says . The "  March to Keep Fear Alive " site takes a more alarmist approach : "  Never forget -- ` Reason ' is just one letter away from ` Treason . ' Coincidence ? Reasonable people would say it is , but America ca n't afford to take that chance . " CNN 's Jim Kavanagh and Bob Kovach contributed to this report .	NEW : National Park Service confirms comics ' application for event on National Mall Jon Stewart says he will host a "  Rally to Restore Sanity " on October 30 Stephen Colbert counters with a "  March to Keep Fear Alive " The announcements come weeks after much-publicized rallies in nation 's capital
CNN  -- What a drag it is getting old . How many times has someone mocked Mick Jagger by using that lyric from the Rolling Stones hit "  Mother 's Little Helper " ? Jagger and Keith Richards wrote and recorded the song in late 1965 , when they were 22 , with Jagger alternately lecturing , alternately pitying dejected housewives and their pills . Ah , youth . Sir Michael Philip Jagger is going to be 70 years old on Friday , and if it 's been a drag getting old for him , he certainly has n't shown it . The Rolling Stones are celebrating their 50th anniversary as a band with new music and an extensive tour . Jagger can still move like , well , Jagger , his sinewy dancing and endless energy showing little sign of flagging despite his grandfatherly age .  The man has two children in their 40s , for Pete 's sake !  He 's made classic records , kept the gossip columns busy and always maintained an astute eye on the spotlight . CNN photo blog : Never before seen Rolling Stones photos Besides , Jagger is only the latest of the 1960s musical heroes -- the backbeat of every classic rock station and baby-boomer record collection -- to cross the three-score-and-ten age threshold . Paul McCartney turned 70 last year . So did Brian Wilson . Bob Dylan hit 70 two years ago . Grace Slick , Paul Simon , Jagger 's bandmate Charlie Watts -- they 're all in their seventies . Sure , it 's easy to make fun of that . Pop music is a young person 's game , after all . "  Everybody that you mention looks like an old woman now , " says Chris O'Dowd , playing an employee of a record company specializing in heritage acts , in the movie "  This Is 40 . " "  You 're just mentioning a bunch of Jessica Tandys . " By the numbers : Mick Jagger We should all be so lucky , though . Jessica Tandy lived until she was 85 , acting until almost the very end . Better that than the alternative . If you 're doing something you love , you should keep doing it . McCartney still tours . Dylan , who calls his travels the "  Never Ending Tour , " has n't stopped in years . Why not ? Most of the '60s - era rock stars , believing the music was just a fad , had no idea they 'd still be rockin ' and rollin ' as they entered their eighth decades . Asked in 1964 why they were so popular , the Beatles could only shrug . "  If we knew , we 'd get together four boys with long hair and be managers , " said John Lennon . So go ahead and sneer at them like the oldsters of their own youth did . Mick and his ageless friends are having the last laugh . What can a poor boy do , ` cept to sing for a rock 'n' roll band , right ? Happy birthday , Mick !	Mick Jagger turns 70 on Friday He 's the latest '60s rocker to cross the threshold But , like many of them , Jagger still playing , creating music They were mocked when young , now mocked for being old - but they 're having last laugh
CNN  -- Even though Android is the most popular smartphone platform in the U.S. , and even though there were 10 billion Android app downloads as of December 2011 , many Android users are frustrated that they 're still treated like a second-class app market . That 's because "  fragmentation " makes it more complicated to develop Android apps that will run on most Android phones . New research from Localytics claims that Android fragmentation might be becoming less of a issue . If correct , this could start bringing more popular apps to Android phones faster -- or maybe even first . But the catch is , the Android ecosystem is far more variable than the iPhone landscape . That makes it a bigger long-term risk for app developers . Many popular consumer apps are still are rolled out first for the iPhone .  Hello , Instagram ?  That 's because many Android phones are running substantially older versions of Android , which limits which apps they can support . Plus , Android phones come in a dizzying array of sizes , configurations , and capabilities -- compared to a fairly small selection of iPhone models . Also phone manufacturers and wireless carriers tend to customize the Android interface  in "  flavors " such as HTC Sense and Motorola Blur  . Localytics provides analytics tools that app developers use to monitor how people use apps . Data gathered from Localytics users during two weeks in January indicate that most Android phones now have "  remarkably similar specifications . " Localytics notes that this significantly simplifies the job of deploying mass market Android apps . Nearly three-fourths of Android app usage came from devices running some version of Android 2.3 "  Gingerbread . " That 's not the most recent version of Android  so far 4.0 "  Ice Cream Sandwich " runs on only a handful of phones and tablets  , but it 's robust enough to run the vast majority of Android apps well . Furthermore , Localytics found that nearly all of the remaining Android phones are running Android 2.2 "  Froyo . " "  Between the two , Android developers can be confident that they only need to actively target two Android OS builds in order to achieve 96 % compatibility with the Android ecosystem , " said the report . Screen size and resolution are also key variables for creating Android apps . According to Localytics , just over 40 % of all instances of app usage  "  sessions "  came from Android devices with 4.3-inch screens . Four-inch screens accounted for a further 22 percent of sessions . And over 60 % of Android app sessions came from phones with a screen resolution of 800 x 480 pixels -- such as Samsung 's popular Galaxy S series of phones . What about tablets ? According to Localytics , nearly three quarters of all Android tablet usage comes from devices with nearly identical characteristics -- not surprising , since Amazon 's new Kindle Fire e-reader tablet is already the second most popular tablet in the world , behind the iPad . Localytics found that 74 % of Android tablet usage takes place on devices with seven-inch screens with 1024 x 600 resolution . Also , 71 % of Android tablets are running Gingerbread . However , ReadWriteWeb observed that the Localytics numbers might be overly optimistic . Also , as more Ice Cream Sandwich-capable devices hit the market this year , fragmentation could become a bigger problem again : "  The best thing we can say about these numbers is that the Android ecosystem is stable ... for now . In six months when there is a flood of Ice Cream Sandwich devices on the market , developers will be dealing with the need to support a vast number of Gingerbread devices while also supporting the newest functions in Android 4.0.1 . " The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Localytics claims that Android fragmentation might be becoming less of a issue Screen size and resolution are also key variables for creating Android apps Nearly three-fourths of Android app usage came from devices running on "  Gingerbread "
GAZA CITY , Gaza  CNN  -- Palestinian militants declared Sunday that they would stop attacks on Israel for a week , a statement that came hours after Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert announced a unilateral cease-fire in the country 's assault on Hamas in Gaza . An Israeli soldier holds up an Israeli flag after leaving Gaza on Sunday . The Palestinians demanded that Israel remove all troops from Gaza within the week , Hamas spokesman Ayman Taha said from Egypt . The agreement appears to cover all Palestinian armed factions , not only Hamas . "  We in the Palestinian resistance movements announce a cease-fire in the Gaza Strip , " Moussa Abu Marzouk , a senior Hamas official in Syria , said on Syrian TV . "  And we demand that Israeli forces withdraw in one week and that they open all the border crossings to permit the entry of humanitarian aid and basic goods for our people in Gaza . " There is no mutual agreement between the Israelis and Palestinians -- each side has made its own unilateral declaration of a cease-fire . Mahmoud Abbas , the president of the Palestinian Authority , called for the cease-fire to hold so aid could get into Gaza . Watch how a family in Gaza is coping with the violence " "  We hope that it continues and that the situation calms down and that humanitarian aid delivery begins immediately to our people , " he said at a summit in Egypt . Watch how a reporter finds Gaza in chaos " During 22 days of fighting , more than 1,200 people have died , all but 13 of them Palestinians . Watch clean-up efforts in Gaza City " The Palestinians and Israel continued to skirmish for several hours Sunday after Israel said it was stopping its offensive against Hamas . Palestinians fired at least 19 rockets into Israel on Sunday -- including at least two after the Palestinian cease-fire declaration , according to Israeli police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld . At least three people were lightly wounded . Israeli military aircraft retaliated , firing missiles and destroying a rocket launcher , a military spokesman said . Shortly before the rocket attacks , Palestinian gunmen opened fire on Israeli forces in northern Gaza , the military said . Troops returned fire . Separately , Palestinian medical sources said 23 bodies were pulled from rubble in Gaza . Watch doctors tend to wounded civilians " Olmert said Sunday the Israeli offensive had achieved its goals but that the Israel Defense Forces reserved the right to respond to any Palestinian violence against Israelis . "  IDF forces are in the Gaza Strip and many other units , which are surrounding Gaza from all sides , are closely observing every corner and listening to every whisper , ready for any response that they might receive from their commanders if and when the violations continue , as they have this morning , " he said at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting , before the announcement of the Palestinian cease-fire . Israel pulled some troops out of the Palestinian territory as it called a halt to its operation against Hamas , but others remained . Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev told CNN they would be there for a matter of days , not weeks . International leaders are in the region for talks on the crisis . Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and French President Nicolas Sarkozy hosted a summit Sunday in the Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh , bringing together leaders from Europe and the Middle East . Olmert told the gathering that , if the cease-fire holds , "  the government of Israel has no intention to stay in the Gaza Strip . We are interested in leaving Gaza as soon as we can . " He said Israel would "  continue to do whatever is possible to prevent the humanitarian crisis in Gaza , " and expressed sorrow for the deaths of innocent civilians . "  It was n't our intention to fight them or to harm them , to hurt them or to shoot at them , " he said . German Premier Angela Merkel underscored the international community 's preferred outcome in a news conference in Egypt : "  The two-state solution is the only solution we have . " Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert will meet the leaders of the UK , France , Germany , Italy , Spain and the Czech Republic , which holds the rotating presidency of the European Union , later in Jerusalem . A top aide to Barack Obama said the president-elect would move swiftly to work on the Middle East after he is sworn in on Tuesday . "  The events around the world demand that he act quickly , and I think you 'll see him act quickly , " David Axelrod told CNN . But he refused to promise Obama would name a Middle East special envoy "  on day one . " Israel said it launched the offensive in Gaza to stop the firing of rockets -- primarily the short-range homemade Qassam rockets -- from the territory into southern Israel by Hamas fighters . "  We welcome any alleviation of violence , with cautious optimism and hope that these declarations of cease-fire will lead to the end of fighting , " said Charles Clayton , national director of World Vision Jerusalem , an aid group . "  We call on all parties to stop attacks , including Hamas ' rocket strikes against Israel , and refrain from further hostilities . " He called for "  unhindered and safe humanitarian assistance to the desperate civilian families of Gaza who have lost their homes and businesses and are struggling amid shortages of food , supplies , healthcare and fuel . " He further called for an end "  to the 18-month blockade of the 1.5 million Palestinians in Gaza , " saying it has "  devastated the economy , halted services , and rendered the people of Gaza entirely dependent on humanitarian aid . " CNN 's Arie Bell and Karl Penhaul contributed to this report .	NEW : Israeli prime minister says no intention to hurt civilians Palestinians fire two rockets after cease-fire declaration Palestinian Authority president calls for aid into Gaza Cease-fire covers all armed Palestinian factions , CNN reports
CNN  -- Biomedical research is complicated . For patients , the pace of progress can be frustratingly slow . Two announcements last month -- one about biomarkers , the other about stem cell research -- left many of us feeling that for every promising discovery , there are even greater setbacks . We started August with good news about the discovery of an Alzheimer 's biological marker in spinal fluid that will allow earlier diagnosis of patients who are experiencing some memory loss . It may not sound sexy . But for Alzheimer 's patients and their loved ones , the significance of this finding is hard to overstate . Biomarkers , which are substances or characteristics in our bodies that are associated with the risk or presence of disease , are critical tools in the quest for therapies that can slow or stop the progression of neurodegenerative diseases . Until now , Alzheimer 's researchers , like those in the Parkinson 's field , have not had the benefit of a biomarker to guide their discovery . This major breakthrough was the result of an unprecedented data sharing and collaboration . A consortium of scientists and executives across academia , government , industry , and the nonprofit world pooled their collective interests into one larger , collaborative platform , the Alzheimer 's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative  ADNI  . In just six years -- a relatively short time in biomedical research -- they announced success . But with this one step forward came two steps backward two weeks ago when a U.S. judge granted a preliminary injunction to halt federal funding for embryonic stem cell research . This ruling , which is even more restrictive than President Bush 's stem cell research policies , goes against the beliefs of the majority of Americans  in an August 2010 poll conducted by Research!America , 70 percent of respondents said they favor expanded funding for stem cell research  and wastes more precious time for the millions of people suffering from chronic diseases . As a person with Parkinson 's , it 's hugely frustrating to think that one decision can actively hold back research that holds promise to transform lives . Patients with neurodegenerative diseases dream of the day when disease-modifying treatments are found , instead of therapies that simply mask symptoms . Disease-modifying therapies create the possibility of newly diagnosed patients never having to experience full-blown disease . The Michael J. Fox Foundation has long championed the scientific freedom to pursue all promising paths to finding these treatments . Biomarker discovery and stem cell science are among the innovative areas of biomedical research that hold potential to speed progress . So while our foundation gears up to launch its most ambitious biomarker discovery project to date , the Parkinson 's Progression Markers Initiative , with ADNI as a precedent , we 'll also be standing with Parkinson 's patients , their loved ones and the majority of Americans who want us to move beyond political agendas and advance the promise of stem cell research . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael J. Fox .	Michael J. Fox says August brought good news , bad news for research on chronic disease He says new collaboration helped scientists find biomarker for Alzheimer 's Later , Judge ruled to stop fed funds for stem cell research , bringing programs to halt Fox : Parkinson 's Foundation backs moving past politics , advancing stem cell research
CNN  -- The man in charge of ensuring the safety of miners at West Virginia 's Upper Big Branch coal mine pleaded guilty Thursday to charges that he helped conceal hazardous conditions from federal inspectors . Gary May is the highest-ranking executive of former mine owner Massey Energy charged in connection with an April 2010 explosion that killed 29 miners . He could be sentenced to up to five years in prison and fined $ 250,000 for conspiring to defraud the federal government , the U.S. attorney 's office in Charleston said . As part of his plea agreement , May has agreed to cooperate with the investigation into the worst U.S. mining accident in decades . "  I 'm pleased that Mr. May is cooperating with our investigation , " U.S. Attorney Booth Goodwin said in a statement on Thursday 's plea . "  We hope he can give us a better picture of what was going on at this company . " In court Thursday , May admitted to tipping off mine managers that inspectors from the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration were on their way , allowing them to clean up hazards like poor airflow and piles of loose coal that would have led to citations and fines . He also admitted to falsifying safety records and telling miners to rewire a device that monitored flammable methane gas levels , allowing mine equipment to run illegally , prosecutors said . "  People who run coal mines have a fundamental obligation to be honest with mine regulators , " Goodwin said . "  When mine operators resort to tricks and deceit to keep government officials in the dark , our mine safety system unravels and miners are put in harm 's way . The least we can do for coal miners is protect the integrity of the laws designed to keep them safe . " May faces an August 9 sentencing hearing in Beckley , West Virginia . The Upper Big Branch explosion was the worst U.S. mine disaster since 1972 , when 91 men died in a fire at the Sunshine Mine in Kellogg , Idaho . In a December report , MSHA found a methane ignition that set off flammable coal dust was the immediate cause of the 2010 explosion , but it also blamed the "  unlawful policies and practices " of Massey Energy , which it said "  promoted and enforced a workplace culture that valued production over safety . " Massey kept two sets of books to mislead federal inspectors and its own workers about hazards in the mine , and had twice as many accidents as it reported to regulators , the report concluded . The company failed to conduct adequate inspections , intimidated workers to prevent them from reporting violations and tipped off crews to surprise inspections , MSHA found . Alpha Natural Resources bought Massey in 2011 and has agreed to a $ 209 million settlement to avoid prosecution . The deal includes payments of $ 1.5 million to each family that lost a member in the Upper Big Branch mine . An earlier state investigation found the mine lacked adequate ventilation ; water sprays on equipment were not properly maintained and failed to function as they should have ; and the mining company did n't meet federal and state safety standards for the application of rock dust , a crucial tool in keeping highly volatile coal dust from exploding . Massey Energy -- whose former CEO , Don Blankenship , was an outspoken critic of federal regulators -- disputed that report , saying the blast probably occurred when natural gas flooded into the mine . MSHA said that investigators considered that explanation but that it did n't fit the facts .	Gary May pleaded guilty to hiding safety violations from inspectors He has agreed to cooperate with federal investigators The Upper Big Branch mine blast in 2010 killed 29 workers May is the highest-ranking Massey Energy executive to face charges , prosecutor says
CNN  -- Iranian opposition leaders Mir Hossein Moussavi and Mehdi Karrubi and their wives were placed in a "  safe house " for their own welfare , but they have not been arrested , Iranian government sources told CNN Saturday . "  The opposition movement is very much looking for martyrs so if this is true it 's for their own safety , " one source told CNN . The pro-reform opposition movement "  is always looking for an excuse to create something , so this may be done to keep someone from doing something to them , " the source added . But the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran expressed concern for the safety of the leaders and their wives . "  Moussavi and Karrubi and their wives have been disappeared ; they are being held incommunicado in an unknown location , a severe breach of Iranian and international law , " Aaron Rhodes , a spokesman for the campaign , said in a statement . "  Given the lynch mob-like calls for their execution by numerous Iranian politicians and clerics , there is reason to be deeply concerned for their safety and well-being , " Rhodes said . State-run Press TV aired video of Iranian lawmakers earlier this month chanting , "  Moussavi , Karrubi ... execute them . " The human rights organization also pointed out that "  a ` safe house ' is considered a place for the secret detention of high security-value detainees , which is not under the control of the judiciary or any other monitoring mechanisms . The Revolutionary Guards and Iranian intelligence agencies are well-known for using safe houses for all methods and techniques to get confessions from detainees without scrutiny or pressure from other legal bodies . " "  Given the use of so-called safe houses to mistreat opponents of the government in the past , the campaign finds it deeply disturbing that Moussavi and Karrubi have reportedly been removed to such a facility , " the statement said . Iranian authorities began rounding up many government opponents this month amid calls for protests like those that have swept across North Africa and the Middle East . Iranian leaders have praised the revolution that overthrew Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , but when protesters in Iran took to the streets of Tehran on February 14 , the government cracked down hard . The Iranian government rounded up activists ahead of the protests after Karrubi and Moussavi called for supporters to gather at Azadi Square -- the site of mass protests by Iran 's opposition movement after the disputed 2009 presidential elections . Despite the security crackdown , tens of thousands of demonstrators marched in Tehran . Dozens of demonstrators were detained during those protests , while videos posted on YouTube showed others had been chased and beaten . One person was shot and killed during the protests , according to Iran 's semiofficial Fars news agency . Several others were injured and listed in serious condition as a result of the shooting , which the Iranian government blamed on "  agitators and seditionists . " The Iranian government source claimed Saturday that Iranians are disturbed by the opposition 's demonstrations . "  The people are not happy with these protests and these people  Moussavi and Karrubi  making announcements for more protests . The people believe their peace is being disrupted and they want these protests to stop , " the source said . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Wednesday accused Iran of a repressive crackdown on protesters and political opponents in the past 10 days , including the killing of peaceful demonstrators by security forces . International journalists have been limited in their ability to gather news in Iran , where the government has cracked down on the media and maintains tight control of state-run news organizations . During the protests earlier this month , foreign journalists were denied visas , accredited journalists living in the country were restricted from covering the demonstrations , and internet speed slowed to a crawl in an apparent attempt to restrict information from being transmitted out of the country .	Iranian government sources say the "  safe house " is for the leaders ' welfare The leaders and their wives are not under arrest , the sources say A human rights group is alarmed , saying the move violates international law
CNN  -- 7:00 am : You wake up to a gentle vibration on your arm , you look down and see your wrist-mounted Lark Pro alarm throbbing silently . It is 7 o'clock , Friday April 25 , 2015 -- time to get up to go to work . Lark Pro is a vibrating alarm that allows people to slip out of bed quietly without waking their partner . It also helps optimize sleep patterns by waking you at the right moment in your sleep cycle . Sleep optimizing technologies are designed to help insomniacs improve their resting patterns by waking them during their lightest sleep phase . Monisha Perkash , a wearable technology inventor , says she uses her wrist alarm for this reason , to help "  optimize my sleep schedule and track sleep patterns so you know you have the best night 's rest . " 7:10 am : Before making breakfast you run your forearm across an ultraviolet reader on your wall to check your glucose levels . Your "  nano-tattoo " shines back a reading that shows you are in the healthy blood-sugar range . As a diabetic , you used to have to prick your finger and take a blood sample to find out how your blood sugar was , but with the development of a nano-tattoo you now simply have to place your invisible tattoo under an ultraviolet reader . Heather Clark , inventor of nano-tattoos and an associate professor of pharmaceutical sciences in Northeastern University 's Bouvé College of Health Sciences in Boston , explains that such technology "  could be very user friendly , because once the sensor ` tattoo ' was inserted , it would be easy and painless to take a reading using just light through the skin . " Nano-tattoos are still a long way off but Clark estimates that , if they do become commercially available , they would be very cheap . Read more : 12 amazing designs from the past 100 years 7:15 am : Still half asleep you go downstairs to the kitchen and look through your cupboards for breakfast . Your Vuzix M100 assesses the nutritional value of each of the cereals on offer , and you finally decide on a mixed grain muesli , which you hope will set you up for the day with slow release energy . You eat your breakfast with a HAPIspoon , which monitors your food intake to ensure you do n't eat too quickly . 7:30 am : After breakfast , you go up to the bathroom to brush your teeth with a smart toothbrush , which assesses your brushing habits . Smart dental tools such as the Beam Brush send the results of your brushing directly to your smartphone . Tomorrow , you tell yourself , you will spend a few more minutes on your teeth and do a slightly better job . Sonny Vu , CEO of Misfit Wearables , says he is a committed Beam user , and that using a smart toothbrush "  helps me keep my dental premiums down . " 7:40 am : You open your wardrobe to decide what to wear . You go past your Diffus UV dress , which measures how much sunlight you are exposed to , but as today is a cloudy day you are n't really worried about getting burnt . You also pass over your shark-proof wetsuit , which you wore on a recent holiday to the Great Barrier Reef in Australia . Finally , you settle on your Sensoree mood sweater , which , as you slip it over your head , emits a clear blue light to indicate that you are feeling calm and relaxed . In moments of stress the lights shifts to a vibrant mauve ; when you are feeling angry it glows bright red . According to its creators , the mood sweater uses the same technology behind a classic lie detector test . Its sensors read your excitement levels and translate the data into a spectrum of colors . Read more : Technology of tomorrow 8:30 am : Before getting on to your bike for the ride to work , you put your protective Hovding hood around your neck , rather than a conventional helmet , because you do n't want to mess up your hair . The Hovding is worn as a collar and only expands into a full helmet if you have an accident . Syuzi Pakhchyan , a Fashion Technologist and wearable technology expert , says that "  the beauty of the Hovding is that the technology is invisible . It simply disappears in the pleats of the decorative fabric shell , protecting the wearer by allowing the technology to get out of the way . " 9am to 1pm : Throughout the day you connect to your Dekko-powered augmented reality device , which overlays your vision with a broad range of information and entertainment . While many of the products the US software company is proposing are currently still fairly conceptual , Dekko hopes to find ways to integrate an extra layer of visual information into every part of daily life . Dekko is one of the companies supplying software to Google Glass , the wearable computer that gives users information through a spectacle-like visual display . Matt Miesnieks , CEO of Dekko , says that he believes "  the power of wearables comes from connecting our senses to sensors . " Miesnieks says that in the future , software such as Dekko may allow people to " ` see inside ' buildings as we walk past them . Connecting online services and the real-time data about people and locations to our sense of sight ... We 'll be able to look at something and get a search result back telling us all about it  who 's in there right now ? Is there inventory in-stock ? What 's the history of the place ?  . " 1pm : During your lunch break you go for a run wearing your latest high-tech sportswear . Designs such as miCoach training shirts , developed by US sportswear brand Adidas , track your performance and feed your results instantly to your smartphone . Qaizar Hassonjee , vice president of innovation at Adidas Wearable Sports Electronics , says : "  in the near future , I see this combination of apparel and smartphones working together seamlessly and making wearable tech ubiquitous and part of our daily lives . " Michael Durwin , a user experience consultant and Google Glass tester says that fitness has a large role to play in wearable technologies . "  If I were an exercising type -- which I 'm definitely not -- I 'd use something like Nike + to track my running in the morning . Or if I really wanted to monitor my health I 'd wear a FitBit Flex throughout the day , checking it around 6pm to see if I 've burned off enough calories to justify a slice of cheesecake . " 6pm : After finishing up at work , you get back on your bike and ride home . Before you begin your ride , you tap on your Misfit Shine necklace . Before you start your ride , it displays 8 out of 12 dots , indicating that you are 65 % of the way through your daily activity goal . After you arrive home you tap it again , and it shows 12 full dots -- you have reached your exercise target for the day . 6:30 pm : When you arrive home , you quickly clean up your house with your Foki vacuum shoes , which gather dust as you walk . 7pm : You finish cleaning , jump in the shower and then change into your outfit for the evening . Tonight is not quite the right night for your Intimacy dress that goes transparent when you get excited . Instead you opt for your CuteCircuit K-Dress , which is powered by hundreds of LED lights embroidered onto a layer of fabric . Pakhchyan notes that "  with illuminated fashion , there is a fine line between gimmick and innovation ,  but  Cute Circuit 's K-dress is sophisticated yet playful . " Before you head out the door , you decide to switch off all your other wearable devices . Tonight is just about you , your partner and the night ... Oh yeah , and a couple of hundred brightly flashing LED lights .	Two major conferences in the U.S. discuss the future of wearable technology Nano-tattoos , sleep optimization and augmented reality devices could become part of our daily lives Health and fitness monitors to play a large role in the future of wearable technologies
CNN  -- With seven consecutive titles under his belt , there 's no denying Rafael Nadal 's title as the ` King of Monte Carlo . ' The world number No. 2 has won the Monte Carlo Masters every year since 2005 . But he better watch out because World No. 1 Novak Djokovic is gearing up to topple him . The Serb admitted he 'll have a battle on his hands beating the reigning champ , but said he felt confident on the clay following his win at the Miami Masters last month . "  We 've played already here finals in 2009 , good match , but Nadal is the ultimate challenge on clay . He 's the king of clay . He 's the best tennis player ever to play on this surface and one of the best tennis players ever , so that says enough . " Djokovic said on Monday . But he added that he "  feels good " about competing on clay for the first time since his defeat to Roger Federer in the semifinals at the Paris Open last year . "  It is the surface I grew up on . In Serbia , up to last couple of years , we only had red clay . I do feel comfortable , I like to slide , and clay allows me to slide . I had a great season on clay last year so I hope to continue this year , " he said . Djokovic has reason to be confident . Nadal 's triumph last year in Monte Carlo came in his absence  due to a knee injury  and in the next two clay-court tournaments -- in Madrid and then Rome -- the Spaniard suffered straight-sets losses to the Serb in the final . "  Obviously , knowing in 2011 I won Rome and Madrid and winning against Rafa in finals back-to-back gives me a lot of confidence for coming into the clay-court season now , " he said . However , in their long on-court rivalry , Nadal still leads 16-14 in career clashes with Djokovic , despite losing the last seven of their meetings . Djokovic is now aiming to become the first player to win back-to-back ATP Masters 1000 titles in Miami and Monte Carlo , saying he is well prepared for the transition from hard to clay courts . "  I know how to recover well , to be ready , and I 've been working hard in my off season and -LSB- the week -RSB- that I had off after Miami to prepare for clay because clay requires physically much more from a tennis player than other surfaces , " he said . "  It 's a slower surface , your endurance needs to be on a high level . You need to by physically strong to expect long matches and long rallies . " The world 's top-ranked tennis stars revealed last week they would also be going head-to-head in a special match for charity at Real Madrid 's Bernabeu Stadium on July 14 . World No. 1 Djokovic and his predecessor Nadal hope to draw 80,000 fans -- which would smash the previous record set by Belgian Kim Clijsters and fellow former world No. 1 American Serena Williams in Brussels . The Spanish football club 's pitch will be transformed into a tennis court , with the event taking place in the gap between Wimbledon and the London Olympics .	Seven-times Monte Carlo Masters champ Rafael Nadal will be the man to beat World No. 1 Djokovic admits he will have a challenge on hands , but is confident about form Serbian Djokovic grew up playing on clay and feels good about chances against Nadal If successful , Djokovic first player to win back-to-back ATP Masters 1000 titles in Miami and Monte Carlo
President Barack Obama talked with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in a call Tuesday night about the threat posed by Iran 's nuclear program , according to a White House statement . Obama placed the call to Netanyahu , a senior administration official told CNN . The one-paragraph statement from the White House , which referred to the Obama-Netanyahu discussion as "  a part of their ongoing consultations , " followed reports earlier in the day that the White House had rejected a request by Netanyahu to meet with Obama this month to discuss Iran 's nuclear program . CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , citing Israeli sources , reported that the Israelis were told Obama 's schedule would not permit a meeting even though Israel offered to have Netanyahu travel to Washington . Obama and Netanyahu are both due to address the United Nations in New York in late September but not at the same time . The Obama administration pushed back later Tuesday . "  Contrary to reports in the press , there was never a request for Prime Minister Netanyahu to meet with President Obama in Washington , nor was a request for a meeting ever denied , " the White House said Tuesday night in its statement , which made reference to "  our close cooperation on Iran and other security issues . " Netanyahu has shown growing impatience with what he says is a lack of clarity by the Obama administration on articulating so-called "  red lines " that Iran can not cross if it wants to avoid war over its nuclear ambitions . The administration has resisted pressure to take that step . U.S. intelligence officials have said they do not believe Iran has decided to develop a nuclear weapon , even as evidence continues to mount that they are improving their ability to do so . Iran said its intentions are peaceful . Atomic enrichment in and of itself is not the red line , a U.S. official told CNN . But Israel feels a sense of urgency with negotiations aimed at curbing Iran 's nuclear ambitions failing to produce an agreement and sanctions falling short of their intended effect . Concerns in Washington that Israel could launch a pre-emptive strike on Iran 's nuclear facilities prompted a wave of visits this summer to Israel by several top Obama administration officials . Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said that he is confident the United States is capable of monitoring Iran and can strike militarily , if necessary . "  We have pretty good intelligence on them , we keep a close track on them , " Panetta told CBS ' "  This Morning " in an interview aired on Tuesday . "  We think we 've got the ability to be able to strike at them effectively if we have to ... whenever we have to , we have the forces in place , " he said . The U.S. official , who spoke anonymously in order to freely discuss the sensitive issue , said Panetta is "  frustrated " by the partial impact of sanctions , saying he has not seen "  the kind of response " that would have been expected from the Iranian regime , given that the sanctions have been tightened . The United States has sanctioned Iranian banks , companies and individuals as part of an effort by western powers to pressure the Tehran government . Netanyahu also said sanctions were only having a partial impact . "  The sanctions have hurt the Iranian economy , but they have n't stopped the Iranian nuclear program . That 's a fact , " Netanyahu said on Tuesday at a news conference in Jerusalem .	Two leaders talk by phone about Iran nuclear program Earlier reports said White House rejected in-person meeting Obama administration says that is not the case
CNN  -- Two years ago , a single conversation changed my life : My boss told me I needed to lose weight or kiss my job goodbye . Actually , she did n't say that at all -- but it 's what I heard . In fact , she never used the words "  fat " or "  lose weight . " She never threatened my career . But when she said my clothes did n't do me justice , and that she wanted to send me to a stylist , I took a different message away . I took it to mean that if I did n't physically reduce my size I would no longer appear on ABC 's "  Good Morning America , " where I have been a long-time contributor . TV is , after all , a visual medium , and everyone should look their best . So lose weight or lose your job is what I heard . I had been fat my entire life , trapped by it , but seemingly powerless to change . In retrospect , I was itching for an overwhelming reason -- short of a heart attack or Type II diabetes diagnosis -- to have to lose weight . The thought of losing a job I love was the spark I needed to get going . If you 've spent your life as a fat person , when you desperately do n't want to be , you know it 's like being in prison : you want to escape , but despite many efforts , you fail to make a break from behind those bars . I was fed up with allowing the shame of my weight to control many poor decisions -- from wearing navy on my wedding day to avoid looking like a massive marshmallow in a traditional white dress , to skipping all routine medical care for more than 10 years because I did n't want a lecture about my size . When I set about losing weight , I really did n't know how I was going to actually do it . But I knew one thing for certain : I was n't going to go on yet another diet . I had been there , done that . Actually , I had tried pretty much every diet out there from Atkins to The Zone , cabbage soup to the Cookie Diet . Sure , I 'd lose some weight , but each and every time I 'd tire of the regimen , revert to old habits and gain it all back again . I came to conclude that diets simply pause bad behavior , and this time merely pausing was n't good enough . Instead , my plan was fairly simple : Eat less :  duh  , which I arbitrarily determined to be half what I used to eat . My little trick became if I could name everything I ate that day in under 10 seconds I was doing fine . Choose better : For me , that meant cutting carbohydrates , which meant saying goodbye to a lot of white foods -- anything with flour , pasta , rice , potatoes and sugar . No cheat days : While many diets prescribe a weekly day off for good behavior , I knew that did n't work for me . I 'd wait until my cheat day arrived , eat every offender I could find , and before long I 'd be back to eating with abandon full-time . I now think that rewarding anyone trying to lose weight with a cheat day is akin to telling an alcoholic he can celebrate a month of sobriety with a beer . It does n't work . If I could handle moderation , I would n't have been fat in the first place . Move more : This was the easiest of all , since I was n't moving at all . Taking the stairs , walking to and from work and strolling around the block a few times a day evolved into a daily walk on the treadmill next to my bed . Hold my self accountable , daily : I weighed myself every morning to always be aware of where I was . No more burying my head in denial . Pause before binging : Mindless snacking had always done me in . This time before eating , I stopped to think : preference or priority ? The preference may have been to go for the chips or cookies , but the priority was always to lose weight . Just reflecting on that for a moment allowed to make the right choice . Over the course of one year , using this simple plan , I lost 62 pounds . I 've since lost another 10 pounds . I came to learn that what I put in my head is far more powerful than what I put in my mouth -- and I 'm forever grateful to that boss who set me on this journey . When it comes to losing weight , no pill , potion or plan trumps patience and perseverance . That was the missing piece of the puzzle for me -- the steel bar that kept me from feeling the freedom to finally figure it out . In the past , I expected overnight results , and when I did n't get them , I stopped trying . I was successful professionally , with a loving husband and beautiful kids . But when it came to losing weight , I was a disaster , failing time and again because I lacked the right mindset . My message seems to be resonating with people who have fought long-time or life-time weight battles . I have gotten thousands of e-mails from people who say my story is their story -- that they , too , were lulled into complacency by one diet gimmick after another , only to lose a little and gain it all back . In this age of outsized Powerball wins , many of us think that all you need to do to get rich is buy a lottery ticket . Want to be the next Lady Gaga ? A few appearances on "  American Idol " will do the trick . We 're always looking for the quick fix , the easy out , to solve what ails us . The past does n't have to dictate the future . Each of us has the power to change our mind for a happier , healthier , better life . Anyone can make the shift . The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Tory Johnson .	Tory Johnson has lost 72 pounds in 20 months Johnson decided dieting was n't going to work and stuck to simple rules We have the "  power to change our mind for a happier , healthier , better life , " Johnson says
CNN  -- Researchers at the Brazilian Center for Coastal Studies at the Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul in southern Brazil believe that 745 penguins found washed up along the state 's coastline since June 15 have died of natural causes . The center , known as Ceclimar , said in a release this week that it reached the conclusion after analyzing the conditions in which the animals were found . Most of the birds were young , according to biologist Mauricio Tavares . The lean birds showed no signs of external injury or oil in their plumes . "  Birds in the first year of life are inexperienced , " he said , adding that the pattern of dead birds is common for this time of year and that the deaths are a result of "  the process of natural selection . " In 2010 , more than 550 penguins washed up on Sao Paulo state 's Atlantic coast . In that case , necropsies showed that the penguins died of starvation . The Peruvian government launched an official inquiry this year when close to 3,000 dolphins and more than 500 pelicans washed up along that country 's northern Pacific coast . This case is the first in which Ceclimar is conducting a more intensive monitoring of deaths . According to Tavares , July is historically the month when more birds arrive at the center for rehabilitation after washing up on the beaches weakened , injured or covered in oil . "  The animals usually migrate from Argentina around this time of year in search of food and warmer weather , and each year , some do wash up , " he said . "  But over 500 is a very , very high number . " Ceclimar set up weekly monitoring along the Rio Grande do Sul coast to study the dynamics of the Magellan penguins . The biologists working at the center also collected 30 birds for a more detailed analysis ; that report should be completed within a month . The release says the physical state of the birds is such that researchers could designate the deaths natural . Tavares said earlier that "  the animals were a lot smaller in terms of size and weight than normal penguins , so we think it will be natural causes , but it is certainly very strange . " Penguins have also shown up along the famous beaches of Rio de Janeiro . CNN affiliate TV Record reports that since the end of June , almost 40 penguins have been rescued along the beaches . In those cases , the birds are being cared for by SOS Aves and the Chico Mendes Institute for Conservation of Biodiversity . Previously on CNN.com : Official says ` Natural causes ' behind dolphin deaths in Peru Previously on CNN.com : 2,300 birds found dead along Chilean beaches Beauty trumps beast in conservation efforts	More than 700 washed ashore in Rio Grande do Sul , biologists say Birds were decomposed but otherwise seem unharmed Penguins migrate from Argentina about this time of year , biologist says
CNN  -- I worked as a CIA operations officer and station chief during the Cold War years . In the gray world of espionage , there was a clear distinction , at least in my mind , between the CIA and our opponents : They tortured their prisoners , we did not . The CIA 's main opponent was the Soviet Union 's KGB , whose headquarters on Lubyanka Square in Moscow was notorious for torture . In those days , I believed that the greatest thing going for me as an intelligence officer was the fact that I was an American . Now , as the Senate Intelligence Committee prepares to make public some of the findings of its investigation into CIA torture after 9/11 , let 's hope we can start a much needed public reckoning over a tragic mistake that has undermined the very principles I and many others felt we stood for . Our resorting to torture after 9/11 has cost us dearly -- we can no longer assert that we do not torture our enemies , leaving us in a much weaker position when urging our allies or our opponents to eschew such tactics . Now any American , civilian or military , who falls into the hands of our fundamentalist enemies is in even greater danger of being tortured or killed . Advocates of allowing for the use of torture  or what they prefer to describe as enhanced interrogation techniques  assert that since we have n't suffered a major attack since 9/11 , that torture must somehow have played a part in preventing one . Even President Barack Obama , in his admission that unnamed officials "  tortured some folks " in extremely dangerous times after 9/11 , seemed only apologetic , not outraged . Indeed , he appeared to urge understanding for the torturers ' failings . Meanwhile , there is profound reluctance on the part of CIA to reveal its own evaluation of the efficacy of its use of torture , as this might risk disclosing the torturers ' identities -- and those of the people who put them to work .  The CIA 's extraordinary admission that it has essentially spied on the Senate Intelligence Committee by hacking into computers of committee staff members is merely another stark example of its reluctance to come completely clean about what it has been doing  . It is difficult not to conclude that such reluctance is largely based on the fact that very little of value was learned -- in line with what is reported to be the conclusion of the Intelligence Committee . This is all the more frustrating because during my tours in wartime Vietnam in the early 1970s , and as station chief in Seoul , South Korea , I worked hard and effectively against the use of torture . But it would be almost impossible for me to take such positions today . So what do we do now ? In addition to public release of the Intelligence Committee report , the CIA should be compelled to make public , with the fewest possible redactions , its detailed internal evaluation of what , if anything , torture achieved , what it failed to do and what its use has cost us . Based on an examination of that report , and with input from experts in the field , a new Executive Order should be crafted and considered that bans torture by any U.S. governmental organization , while also naming techniques , such as water boarding , that are specifically forbidden . The basic issue is this : Are we a country that stands by its traditional standards and values through thick or thin , or are we a country that says "  We can not cope with this situation , so let 's turn to torture ? " For those who assert that America is weaker than it once was , I would say in response that our lapse into the use of torture simply lends credence to such accusations . Of course , accountability can be a bitter pill to swallow . But if we are to move away from this debilitating tendency to resort to torture when the road ahead looks tough , then accountability must start with those that have brought us to where we are today -- it is essential that they face up to the consequences and costs of their decisions . Maybe then America can lead by example on an issue where we have needlessly sacrificed the high ground . Public release of CIA report delayed	U.S. can no longer assert that we do not torture our enemies , argues Donald Gregg CIA should make public any evaluations it might have about effectiveness of torture , Gregg says Gregg : Use of torture by U.S. puts captured Americans in even greater danger
CNN  -- Computers , cell phones and Aeron chairs will only get you so far in life . Great outdoors satisfaction still reigns supreme , especially at this collection of wild spaces . 1 . Tarkine Rainforest , Tasmania A rarely visited , ancient and pristine forest wilderness , the Tarkine calls to mind myth and legend . It 's in the northwest corner of Tasmania and is often referred to as the "  forgotten wilderness . " It 's not entirely that . It 's a wonderland of wild rivers , secret waterfalls , giant tree ferns , rare birds and the near-extinct Tasmanian devil  the world 's largest carnivorous marsupial  . Hikers who make it here leave enchanted . How to do it : Tasmanian Expeditions offers a five-night walk on the Tarkine Rainforest Track , the only multiday rainforest trek of its kind . You 'll be led by professional guides and spend nights camping in haunting and beautiful surroundings . U.S. $ 1,916 per person , excluding flights ; +61  0  3 6331 9000 ; www.tasmanianexpeditions.com.au 2 . Knoydart Peninsula , Scotland Rugged , isolated and beautiful Knoydart Peninsula is often described as Scotland 's last wilderness . Tucked in the Highlands , it 's accessible only by boat or on foot . The journey is worth the effort : There are exhilarating mountain passes to cross and sandy inlets to explore . Whether they have soaked in epic sunsets or caught glimpses of the whales , dolphins and porpoises that live in its waters , visitors usually leave feeling spiritually restored . How to do it : Wilderness Scotland offers extended guided trips . U.S. $ 1,712 per person , including seven nights full board in a wilderness lodge , guided daily walks , boat trips to access remote walks and transfers ; +44  0  1479 420 020 ; www.wildernessscotland.com 3 . Salar de Uyuni , Bolivia The stunning , lunar-like salt flats in the southwest of Bolivia are the largest in the world , covering 3,860 square miles . June and July are arguably the best months , when the whole area appears blindingly white . After the rains , the salt "  desert " resembles a giant mirror . It is beautifully barren and straight out of sci-fi central casting . You would be hard-pressed to find a more meditative escape . At more than 11,400 feet above sea level , you 'll need to be able to handle high altitudes . How to do it : A 10-night Bolivia itinerary taking in the Salar de Uyuni operated by UK-based Sunvil . U.S. $ 2,985 per person , including all transport and transfers , mixed-board accommodation in comfortable hotels and all excursions and permits. ; +44  0  20 8758 4774 ; www.sunvil.co.uk 4 . Sossusvlei , Namibia Few sights are as nourishing as the apricot-colored dunes at Sossusvlei , in the southern part of the Namib desert . So much of Namibia is a natural paradise seemingly drawn by eco-genies . Highlights include the white salt pans of Etosha National Park , the stark beaches of Skeleton Coast , the remote , little-visited wilderness of Kaokoland in the northwest and the lush Kunene River . How to do it : Wilderness Safaris ' Great Namibian Journey is an 11-night adventure that captures the best of this astonishing land . From U.S. $ 6,629 per person , including accommodation , all meals , activities and park fees ; +27 11 807 1800 ; www.wilderness-safaris.com 5 . Great Bear Rainforest , British Columbia , Canada Never heard of it ? All the more reason to visit . The Great Bear might fly under the radar , but this is one of the largest remaining tracks of temperate rainforest left in the world . Stretching along British Columbia 's island-dotted coastline , its marvels include ancient red cedar cathedrals  some of the trees are more than a thousand years old  and other towering trees , glacier-fed fjords and wooded islands . Estuaries and rocky beaches are "  guarded " by brown and black bears , gray wolves and cougars . Eagles soar overhead and humpback whales put in an appearance in summer , joining orcas , dolphins and seabirds . How to do it : Great Bear is remote , so the best way to access it is from the water . Nature Trek offers a seven-night , full-board "  Cruising the Great Bear Rainforest " trip , which includes daily shore excursions to explore the forests , estuaries and coastlines on foot . U.S. $ 5,752 includes one-night B&B stay in Vancouver and all guiding , excursions and permits , but excludes international flights ; +44  0  1962 733051 ; www.naturetrek.co.uk 6 . Kakadu National Park , Northern Territories , Australia The untamed Outback , wild and beautiful , is arguably nowhere more picturesque than in Kakadu , the largest national park in Australia . The park 's aboriginal owners have spent centuries amid its rock art , wetlands , gorges and stunning escarpment scenery . How to do it : Audley Travel offers a seven-night "  Top End Explorer " package from U.S. $ 2,990 per person , excluding flights . The trip starts in the Northern Territories ' capital of Darwin , where guests are picked up in a hired car and taken to the Outback . Small group walks and boat trips are among the highlights at various stopping points ; +44  0  1993 838 800 ; www.audleytravel.com 7 . The BohuslÃ $ n coast , West Sweden If you 've ever fantasized about gliding silently through the water on a kayak , camping on deserted beaches , enjoying the midnight sun , spotting seals and soaking up the spirit of the sea , you 'll find no shortage of experiences here . This sublime stretch of coastline extends to the border with Norway and is dotted with an archipelago of some 8,000 islands and islets . How to do it : Nature Travels offers self-guided kayaking adventures around the scenic islands of Orust and Tjorn , a sheltered area on the rocky coast . Maps , drop-offs and pick-ups and induction lesson included . From U.S. $ 427 per person for a three-day trip , exclusive of flights ; +44 01929 503 080 ; www.naturetravels.co.uk 8 . Dana Biosphere Reserve , Jordan The largest nature reserve in Jordan is a protected region about 120 miles to the south of Amman . It 's an Aladdin 's trove of hills , canyons , gorges and deserts , wildlife  including the rarely spotted Nubian Ibex  and plant species . It 's perfect for hikers , nature lovers and those seeking a slice of serenity . How to do it : Base yourself at the award-winning Feynan Ecolodge on the western border of the Dana Biosphere Reserve . This is no ordinary guest house : set up by Jordan 's Royal Society for the Conservation of Nature , it 's entirely solar powered and has won awards for its ethical practices . You can hike , ride mountain bikes , stargaze , visit Bedouin homes , sip mint tea or unwind in serene courtyards . Travel the Unknown offers week-long tours , including a four-night stay at the lodge , hikes and bikes . From U.S. $ 1,347 per person ; +1 347 329 5524 ; www.traveltheunknown.com 9 . The Isles of Scilly , United Kingdom For wannabe castaways , little compares with what 's probably the most beautiful spot in the UK , a tranquil sun and windswept archipelago 28 miles off the Cornish coast . Bryher Island , with a population of around 80  all trusting locals who leave their doors unlocked  offers coastal walks , sandy coves , wildflower-strewn bays and rocky outcrops for a wind lashing by Atlantic breakers . Further away from it all still is the uninhabited Samson Island , an easy boat ride away . How to do it : Isles of Scilly Holidays offers a package that includes half-board at the magical Hell Bay Hotel and accommodation on neighboring island Tresco , as well as helicopter flights from Penzance to Tresco and boat transfers . U.S. $ 1,838 per person , based on double occupancy ; +44  0  1720 423 239 ; www.islesofscillyholidays.co.uk 10 . Uttarakhand , Himalayas , India Uttarakhand state forms a part of the Himalayas , but one that 's often overlooked by tourists . Yet two of India 's greatest rivers , the Ganges and the Yamuna originate in the glaciers here . Glittering peaks and vivid landscapes create an environment that can calm the most unsettled of hearts . The region is home to some of the holiest of Hindu shrines , rare species of plants and animals and the quixotically named Valley of Flowers National Park . How to do it : Full local immersion is available at the gentle Dunagiri retreat , an accommodation constructed by villagers with entirely local materials . From here you can embark on wilderness hikes and treks , village walks , practice yoga , learn to paint a mural with a local artist , take a cookery lesson , meditate , deepen your spiritual practice  or acquire one  and learn about local medicinal herbs . From U.S. $ 117 per night based on double occupancy and full-board , including transfers and tours ; +44 1924 280808 ; www.hotelsunder100.co.uk	Knoydart Peninsula often described as Scotland 's last wilderness Great Bear Rainforest , British Columbia , contains ancient red cedars Kakadu National Park , Australia has rock art , wetlands , gorges and escarpment scenery Uttarakhand , Himalayas , India is home to Hindu Shrines , rare species of plants and animals
CNN  -- Greece coach Fernando Santos has urged his players to focus on football rather than the political tensions surrounding his side 's Euro 2012 quarterfinal against Germany in Gdansk Friday . Both nations are at the heart of the Eurozone debt crisis and German chancellor Angela Merkel is an unpopular figure in Greece over her calls to maintain tough austerity measures in return for financial aid from her country . "  Look , the situation has affected us , " Santos told CNN . "  The players have family , they have friends , and they worry about what is going on . I would say Greece is going through more than just a political or economic crisis . There is a social crisis with a lot of unemployment . The players are human beings and they feel that . "  What I have asked them to do is to try to forget about that when they play and to focus just on football to show they are real fighters . " When Greece unexpectedly reached the last eight with a 1-0 win over Russia , a day before key elections which saw a narrow victory for pro-Euro party New Democracy , Greek newspapers were quick to link Friday 's game with the country 's economic turmoil and strained relations with Germany . "  This is how your debtors qualify , Angela get ready , " ran the headline in Sport Day . "  Bring us Merkel ! " said Goal News . But Santos told CNN that his players had to keep their emotions in check against Germany . "  As far as the players are concerned , they can have extra motivation and more passion in this game against Germany but they ca n't lose focus , " he said . "  We need to think during this game , and if we are led just by our hearts and our emotions , we will be in trouble . " German coach Joachim Low is also trying to keep politics out of the last-eight clash as his side bid to bag a first major trophy since Euro ' 96 . "  Angela Merkel and the national team are on very good terms , " Low told a press conference earlier this week . "  We have reached an agreement where she does n't interfere with my tactical instructions and , in return , I do n't deal with her political agenda . "  As far as we are concerned , we are approaching a normal football contest and that is the end of it . " Euro 2004 success Santos ' men have already shown the fighting qualities which marked Greece 's surprise triumph at Euro 2004 , snatching an unlikely qualification after winning a single point in their opening two games . But the 57-year-old Portuguese , who replaced German coach Otto Rehhagel in 2010 , is not surprised by the team 's passage to the knockout stages . "  I always believed we could make it out of the group , " Santos said . "  Even after our first two games did n't go well I still had faith because I know this team very well and the players always do well in situations of adversity . " But can they beat one of the favorites for the competition and go on to repeat that 2004 success ? "  We all believe we can beat Germany , why not ? We have our weapons as well and if we use them to our advantage we can make our dream of advancing to the next stage come true , " he said . "  Sometimes history can repeat itself . We have to keep dreaming and believing we can make history repeat itself . " Germany favorites One of the major obstacles to Greece progressing is the suspension of their captain and key midfielder Giorgos Karagounis , who scored the only goal of the match against Russia . Santos admits his absence Friday is a "  big blow . " But he added : "  We ca n't forget our strength is in our group not just on one player , so we will find a way to be successful without him . " Germany go into the match in the Polish port city as clear favorites , having won the so-called "  Group of Death " with a 100 % record . But they needed a late winner to beat Denmark 2-1 , and Low was unhappy with some aspects of their performance . "  We left a few enormous gaps in midfield for the opponent to exploit and I did n't like that . The solutions are just as clear as the challenges . "	Greece play Germany in quarterfinals of Euro 2012 in Gdansk , Friday Both nations caught up in the turmoil of the Eurozone debt crisis Greece coach Fernando Santos wants his men to focus on football Santos says what is happening in Greece is a "  social crisis "
Militants , including a female suicide bomber , attacked a university bus carrying women in southwestern Pakistan and then struck a hospital where the survivors were taken for treatment , authorities said Saturday . The militants laid siege to the Bolan medical complex in Quetta , holding hundreds of patients , physicians and nurses hostage as they battled security forces , authorities said . An intelligence official , who requested anonymity since he was not authorized to speak to media , told CNN a female suicide bomber carried out the bus attack . Twenty-eight people , including four militants , were killed in the siege at the hospital . The gunmen killed four security force members , a medical administrator , and the deputy commissioner of Quetta . Four nurses died in the crossfire , police said . Two militants blew themselves up , and two more died in a shootout , authorities said . Among the hospital patients were more than 20 people wounded in the university bus explosion , which killed at least 14 women , Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan said . Several others were wounded in another blast tphat struck near the hospital 's emergency room as the bus bombing victims were rushed in . "  All the  bus  victims are women teachers and students , " said Mir Zubair Mehmood , a police official in Quetta . The blast shattered the windows of offices and classrooms inside Sardar Bahadur Khan Women University . The university bus was parked at the school on the outskirts of Quetta , the capital of Balochistan province in southwestern Pakistan . There was no immediate claim of responsibility . But Pervez Rasheed , the country 's information minister , said , "  We do not think there is any foreign involvement in these attacks -- this looks like homegrown terrorists . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned the attacks , saying "  violence against women and educators has increased in recent years . The aim being to keep girls from attaining a basic right to education . " Ban called on Pakistan 's new leader , Nawaz Sharif , to do "  all possible to bring the perpetrators to justice . " On Sunday , gunmen killed two polio workers who were making home visits in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province in northwestern Pakistan , police said . Sharif called the attack "  cowardly and inhumane . " Earlier Saturday , assailants bombed the home of Pakistani founding father Muhammad Ali Jinnah in Balochistan , killing a police officer and wounding an employee , authorities said . The attack occurred in Ziarat , one of the country 's top tourist spots , about 150 kilometers  93 miles  from Quetta . Jinnah spent the last days of his life at the home . Islamabad summons a top U.S. envoy over deadly zone strike	Polio workers shot dead on Sunday in northwest Pakistan Female suicide bomber attacks bus with women on it , source tells CNN Pakistani official thinks "  homegrown terrorists " may be responsible Officer dies in bombing of Pakistan founder 's home
CNN  Again , so much expectation -- but again , not so much on show to live up to it . Ivory Coast came into their opening game of the Africa Cup of Nations as many people 's tip for the title , but began the tournament in a fashion suggesting that expectation was again not sitting easily with them . The contest against Guinea , whose players have spoken of their determination to do well for a country devastated by the Ebola virus , showed the familiar frailties that have hindered an Ivory Coast team boasting star names such as Yaya Toure , Wilfried Bony and Gervinho . A lack of cohesion was apparent in both defense and attack , and a Guinea team that scored six goals in their final two qualifying matches -- played in Morocco because of the crisis -- took advantage in style . Mohamed Yattara thrashed in a stunning volley to open the scoring after 36 minutes of a first half in which the vast bulk of the energetic football came from the underdogs . Just before the hour mark , a bad situation for the Ivorians seemed likely to become worse when Gervinho -- who had shown more purpose than most of his teammates before the break -- was sent off for needlessly lashing out at Naby Keita . Seydou Doumbia came to the rescue when he rounded off a well-worked move to equalize after 72 minutes , steering his shot into the bottom corner after Bony 's neat control and layoff . But there were more questions than answers for coach Herve Renard , who took over from Sabri Lamouchi after the team 's failure to make it through the group stages of last summer 's World Cup in Brazil , after this 1-1 draw . Renard is the latest man to attempt to end Ivory Coast 's long wait for another African Cup of Nations success -- the most recent of those came in 1992 . He showed that he was unafraid to make bold changes when he brought off Toure with five minutes remaining , with the Manchester City star looking decidedly unimpressed as he made way for Cheick Doukoure . Ivory Coast produced some of their better football when down to 10 men , but again they were less than the sum of their parts . With challenges against Cameroon and Mali waiting in the wings , Renard will be keen to see them harness their full potential sooner rather than later . The Frenchman is by no means the first coach of this squad to be left puzzling over just how to achieve that .	Ivory Coast many people 's favorites for trophy Guinea took first-half lead through Mohamed Yattara volley Gervinho sent off just before hour mark Seydou Doumbia hits equalizer with just under 20 minutes remaining
CNN  -- The United Methodist Church announced Monday it is dropping its denominational case against a New York clergyman who officiated his son 's same-sex wedding . The Rev. Thomas Ogletree was charged by the church after presiding over the wedding of his son to another man on October 20 , 2012 , according to a statement from the New York Annual Conference  NYAC  of the United Methodist Church . The Methodist church says it welcomes members regardless of sexual orientation , but same-sex marriages can not be performed in Methodist churches or by ordained ministers under church policy . An official church trial was set for Ogletree , in which his case would have been heard by a jury of 13 ordained clergy members with a penalty ranging from a reprimand to a full defrocking . Following an additional meeting among the church counsels , the decision was made to reach a "  just resolution agreement " instead of a trial , said the statement . "  Church trials produce no winners , " NYAC Bishop Martin McLee said in a statement Monday , stating that such prosecutions result in "  harmful polarization and continue the harm brought upon our gay and lesbian brothers and sisters . " The case began when a fellow clergyman who had seen the wedding announcement for Ogletree 's son in The New York Times filed a complaint with the bishop of the conference , according to the statement . The complaint set in motion a formal disciplinary process with McLee , who then referred the case to counsel for the church , the equivalent of a prosecutor . After the case was reviewed , it was determined that there was sufficient evidence to warrant charges against Ogletree for his violations , the statement said . "  I could not with any integrity as a Christian refuse my son 's request to preside at his wedding , " Ogletree said in a statement in January . "  It is a shame that the church is choosing to prosecute me for this act of love , " the January statement said . Ogletree is a retired professor and a past dean of the Yale Divinity School . As part of Monday 's resolution , Ogletree agreed to join others from varying perspectives in a public forum that "  shall reflect a variety of different opinions and understandings , " according to the just resolution agreement . Ogletree released a statement Monday relinquishing his right to the trial and accepting McLee 's intention to "  approach the matter of marriage equality in a non-juridical manner . " The decision comes just months after Pennsylvania pastor , Frank Schaefer , was defrocked in December after being found guilty in a church trial for officiating his own son 's same-sex wedding . "  On first blush it does n't seem fair , " Schaefer said on Monday , "  two United Methodist Ministers are charged with the exact same ` crime ' of officiating at their son 's same sex weddings -- one is defrocked , the other one 's case is dropped without conditions . " Schaefer went on to say that despite the different outcomes , overall he is happy about the church 's decision to drop Ogletree 's case . "  It is a victory for the LGBT movement ... if trials are part of the reason why things are changing now in the United Methodist church , it will have been worth my sacrifice , " Schaefer said .	The Rev. Thomas Ogletree officiated at his son 's same-sex marriage in 2012 Church policy bars such marriages in Methodist churches or being performed by ministers A fellow clergyman filed a complaint against Ogletree The UMC says there will be no church trial against Ogletree
Seattle  CNN  -- The crops for sale carry labels like "  dark vader , " "  uk cheese " and "  white russian . " But the overwhelming smell of cannabis gives away the fact that there is really only one item for sale here : medical marijuana . There was little publicity for Seattle 's first medical marijuana farmers market held on Sunday . No posters or signs were hung outside the market 's venue , a small club where "  erotic poetry " readings are held . Word of mouth alone though packed the hall as hundreds of people lined up to go in . They gained entrance with a recommendation from a health care provider stating that they need marijuana to treat a medical condition . "  I am actually standing upright because of cannabis , there 's nothing else I found that would help me with chronic pain issues , " said John Muise , a gaunt figure with long dangling dreadlocks . "  I could n't even explain how my life would be if I did n't have cannabis . I would probably be addicted to opiates and in a wheelchair . " Despite the packed crowds and stands full of marijuana , the farmers market operates in a legal gray zone . "  Medical marijuana is not legal in the state of Washington , " said state Department of Health spokesman Donn Moyer . A law passed in 1998 allows for what is called the "  medical marijuana defense " -- that allows for juries to take into account if someone charged with pot possession was taking the drug for health purposes . Under the current law , certain health care providers like doctors or nurse practitioner can issue the recommendations for medical marijuana for a variety of ailments including cancer , HIV and anorexia . But unlike in California or Colorado where medical marijuana initiatives led to an explosion of dispensaries that provide the drug , in Washington the medical marijuana community has remained , for the most part , underground . "  Dispensaries are not legal , co-ops are not legal here , " Moyer said . "  The intent of the law is that you receive medical marijuana from a designated provider who can only help one patient at one time . Some people are interpreting that as they provide marijuana to someone and then 15 minutes later do it again for another patient . " "  It 's a city by city , county by county situation right now , " said Philip Dawdy , a spokesman for the Sunday market and medical marijuana advocate who says there is still "  an old West " feel to the medical marijuana community in the state . In Seattle , however , medical marijuana users have something of safe haven . A 2003 measure officially pegged arresting people for personal use of marijuana as the lowest priority for the city 's police department . Still fears persist among medical marijuana users . At the market , several attendees asked the handful of news crews present not to take images of them . One couple said they would lose their jobs as teachers if the school where they worked found out they were at the event . "  This could be construed as dealing drugs , " medical marijuana grower Ken Bell said as a line of customers grew in front of his "  Ken 's Medicine Bowl " stand . "  We need the state to clarify the gray areas . " Market organizers said they are hopeful that a bill working its way through Washington 's legislature will provide medical marijuana users and growers in the state surer legal footing to operate on . In the meantime , organizers say they will hold more farmers markets and push for medical marijuana rights -- within limits . "  We do n't want to be anything like California , " market spokesman Dawdy said . "  They literally have dispensaries on top of each other in Venice Beach and out in the valley . "	Recommendation from a health care provider needed to shop at the farmers market The market operates in a legal gray zone in the state of Washington Organizers hope a bill in the state legislature will give medical pot users better legal footing
Those who have been following the recent soap opera at the University of Virginia may think that it has to do with the blundering dismissal of the president , Teresa Sullivan , and her subsequent re-engagement by the Board of Visitors under instruction by the governor of the state to put their house in order or resign . In fact , the heart of the drama is not about the president . Nor is it about the board . Rather , it is about the principle stakeholders of the University of Virginia and American higher education in general . Those who recall the campus disruptions protesting the Vietnam War will remember a slogan of the time , "  power to the people . " It was meant to be a challenge of the "  rulers " by the "  masses . " In 2012 in Charlottesville , Virginia , we see a similar confrontation . But in place of chanting "  Close the university , " on this occasion the students , faculty and others assembled on the quad claimed the right to open the university as their own and called for the right to select their own leader -- their own president . In the Vietnam era , the students and faculty saw the university as an alien complicit in "  the war , " something to be overthrown . In today 's story , the students and faculty are saying that they are the university , an entity to be protected from a seemingly intrusive force : the Board of Visitors . These campus constituents who are sometimes called "  members of the academy " or "  the university community " had the benefit of Sullivan 's leadership for only two years , a period traditionally considered far too brief for any group to develop strong feelings of loyalty and attachment . It was not Sullivan personally they were invested in but rather what she represented . They were offended at being neither consulted nor appropriately informed when she was dispatched without due process or even a persuasive bill of particulars . It was the crime of insult . By ignoring the faculty and students , the board showed a disregard for their standing , and that is perceived as a critical act of rudeness . The issue comes down to participatory democracy . Sullivan is the icon of the encounter . When the president was furtively fired without a legitimate process , we witnessed a back-of-the-hand slap by Marie Antoinette . The rehiring of the president after a special emergency meeting of the board is a victory for the president , of course , but more significant , it is a victory for the concept of a governance system in which all parties who have a genuine interest in the maintenance of the university are given an opportunity to play their part , to express their thinking and have it inform the future of their institution . What we see here is the reaffirmation of a social contract that has been in place at a great university devised and established by Thomas Jefferson in 1819 . In life , substance matters , and it does so equally on campus , in business or in government . But process is also important . How things are done reflect our values . Process becomes substance . In the case at the University of Virginia , the leader of the board , Helen Dragas , was exposed as having disregarded "  the way we do things . " This is no small matter at an institution like the University of Virginia , with its defining student Honor Code . The action of the board was a gaffe and a blunder . Dragas miscalculated how a slight can inspire a protest movement . I can not help to think how ironic it is that this battle has two women in opposition , Sullivan and Dragas . Would this have been possible before the passage of Title IX in 1972 , a major contributor in articulating the women 's movement ? Many lessons will be drawn , articles written , perhaps even a book worth reading about one of the most consequential academic battles of 2012 . Gender equity is far from complete on college campuses , but it has made a good start . In this case , the fact that the media have not made much about the women in the showdown demonstrates how far we have come in contemporary America . Twenty-five years ago , this would have been called a catfight . Today , it is merely a political battle .	University of Virginia reinstated its president , Teresa Sullivan , after she was fired Stephen Trachtenberg : By ignoring stakeholders , board committed the crime of insult He says the board showed a disregard for the standing of faculty and students Trachtenberg : Rehiring of president is a victory for participatory democracy
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- Exiled Haitian president Jean-Bertrand Aristide has announced that he is ready to return home to help rebuild his earthquake-shattered country . The former president has been living in South Africa since fleeing Haiti during a violent uprising in 2004 . Aristide told reporters gathered at a hotel near Johannesburg 's international airport that he is ready to return from exile as soon as today . "  To symbolize our readiness we have decided to meet not just anywhere but here in the shadow of the Oliver Tambo International airport , " he said . "  As far as we are concerned we are ready to leave today , tomorrow , at any time to join the people of Haiti , to share in their suffering , help rebuild the country moving from misery to poverty with dignity . " Get the latest developments in Haiti A massive international rescue operation is under way to treat the thousands of survivors trapped and injured by a 7.0 magnitude earthquake that shook the country on Tuesday . Aristide said he and his wife were planning to fly to Haiti with friends who were ferrying emergency medical supplies to the country . Impact Your World It is not clear whether Aristide has sought formal permission from the Haitian government to return . He refused to answer questions from the media . Analysts say Aristide 's arrival back in the country after six years could aggravate an already tense political situation . "  If he goes back to Haiti it will be a massive blow to the fragile political stability at the moment , " said Irenea Renuncio-Mateos , Latin American and Caribbean country analyst for IHS Global Insight . Aid groups : Catastrophic situation looms Aristide is a controversial figure in Haiti . A former priest , his left-wing views appealed to the poorest of the poor , many of whom have called for his return in recent years amid increasing discontent with the current government . Once coalition partners , the political divide between Aristide and President Rene Preval has widened . Aristide 's party Fanmi Lavalas is one of 15 that have been banned from contesting legislative elections to be held in February . Irenea Renuncio-Mateos said it remains to be seen whether Haitians welcome Aristide 's return as their "  savior , " or whether they turn to the United States and the international community to pull the country from turmoil . "  An important factor is that the U.N.-led mission in Haiti has been encountering problems on the ground in the past because people have been hostile to foreign presence on the ground , " she said . "  If Aristide makes it to Haiti , what is going to be the impact ? Is it going to cause protests ? " The former leader has a long and tumultuous relationship with Haiti , one of the world 's poorest countries . He became its first freely elected president in December 1990 before being ejected from office just one year later in a military coup . He was returned to power in 1994 after a peace agreement brokered by then-President Bill Clinton , backed by U.S. troops to restore order . After another change of leadership in 1995 , Aristide took office again in November 2000 in a vote blighted by an opposition boycott and claims of fraud . The deep unrest led to looting and violence that eventually forced Aristide into exile in 2004 . During his presidency , Aristide lost the support of the United States and angered France with his calls for reparations for huge sums of money paid to the country for its independence . President Rene Preval came to power for the second time in February 2006 . He has the backing of the U.S. government . During a 30-minute phone call on Friday , President Obama "  pledged the full support of the American people for the government and people of Haiti . " President Preval in turn expressed his appreciation for the U.S. response to the earthquake . It is more than likely that the return of a political foe with the power to divide the country will not be similarly received . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report .	Aristide tells reporters gathered in Johannesburg that he 's ready to return to Haiti He was forced from office in 2004 by a violent uprising and has been living in exile in South Africa Said he and his wife were ready to leave Johannesburg as soon as today A massive rescue effort is under way to find and treat survivors of Tuesday 's earthquake
By sheer volume , one might assume that letters for Santa Claus were accidentally rerouted to P.O. Box 162 in Fountain Green , Utah . But all the letters , notes and cards coming in are addressed to 6-year-old Addie Fausett . "  Thank you for my cards , " Addie told a postal worker on a recent trip to pick up her bounty of seasons greetings . In the small town of just more than 1,000 residents , her letters have outnumbered the population . Addie made the mailing lists of thousands of strangers around the world after her family asked the public to give her a lifetime of Christmas cards after a gloomy prognosis : A mysterious condition will probably cut her young life short , doctors have told the family . This year , the Fausetts were told this would probably be Addie 's last Christmas . Although her condition remains undiagnosed , she suffers from cerebral atrophy , which has severely affected her speech and motor skills . According to her mother , at age 3 , Addie just stopped growing ; at 6 , she weighs only 23 pounds . "  She likes to laugh and have a good time and hear stories , but lately she has had a lot of days she will just cry all day long , " Tami Fausett , Addie 's mother , told CNN affiliate KSL . As the handwritten letters pour in , Addie 's family hopes they will spark a little Christmas cheer during the tough times . They 've created the Facebook page for "  Little Addie " to update followers with pictures of Addie opening letters and celebrating Christmas . "  She does n't get to play with kids , so we thought if everyone sent her a card , we could tell all her they were all her friends , and it would just help make her Christmas a little bit better , " Fausett said . Amber Brosig , managing trustee of the charity Children and the Earth , said Addie 's family never fathomed such an amazing response with the letters . The charity has been helping the family with medical costs . Addie is appreciative of the kind words that have been flooding in , and she had a message for KSL 's camera : "  Merry Christmas . " "  There 's no other way to describe her other than she 's an absolute sweet soul , " Brosig told CNN .	Strangers from around the world are sending holiday cards to 6-year-old Addie Fausett Her family wanted a lifetime of cards for her after a gloomy prognosis Addie 's condition is undiagnosed , but cerebral atrophy is one of the symptoms
CNN  -- When the Kansas City Royals moved on to the World Series on Wednesday , superfan Paul Rudd knew exactly what time it was : time to party . The 45-year-old actor was born in New Jersey but grew up in a suburb of Kansas City and is one of the team 's true blue supporters . He was in town for the American League Championship Series game on Wednesday night , when the Royals beat the Baltimore Orioles 2-1 to advance to the World Series for the first time since 1985 . Rocking a new baseball cap in support of his team , a hoarse and clearly thrilled Rudd told CNN affiliate KMBC that he 's had faith the Royals could come this far . "  I know for the last several years , every year , all of us Royals fans we have the same hope . ... When we went on that win streak this summer , it was like , this could legitimately happen , " he said . "  I 've lost my voice , but I 've lost my voice at just about every game since the Wild Card .  Tonight 's win  was amazing . This entire town feels it . " Lost voice or no , Rudd was n't ready to call it a night . "  I 'm going to be partying at my mom 's house ! " he joked . "  Party at my mom 's , man . She 's out of town ; I 've got a keg . It 's going to be sweet ! Five dollar cover ! " Once the celebration dies down , Rudd 's going to have to head back to work . He 's filming the upcoming Marvel movie "  Ant-Man " and got permission to leave the set to catch the third and fourth games of the ALCS before making his way back on Thursday . He 's hoping he 'll get to sneak away for another game when his Royals face the winner of the San Francisco Giants-St . Louis Cardinals series . "  Now I 'm going to pray that they can somehow let me go , " Rudd told the Kansas City Star . "  The higher powers make those decisions . ...  But  even if it 's just one , I 'm going to try and get here . " 5 reasons to love the Kansas City Royals	Kansas City Royals fan Paul Rudd was thrilled with Wednesday 's win The actor joked that he was going to throw a party at his mom 's He was raised in Kansas City , Missouri
CNN  -- Rescuers towing a giant disabled freighter in frigid Alaskan waters were attempting to avoid bad weather on Sunday , a move that will delay its arrival in Dutch Harbor , Alaska , the Coast Guard said . The Tor Viking II vessel , towing the Golden Seas freighter , had "  moved south a little bit " to avoid 20-foot seas and 30-knot winds , Coast Guard Chief Petty Officer Dana Warr said . The Tor Viking II 's captain made the decision to loop below the Aleutian Islands , he said . The freighter is not expected to arrive in Dutch Harbor until Tuesday afternoon , he said Sunday . The 738-foot Golden Seas suffered engine problems Friday morning and was chugging along at only 3 knots  3.5 mph  . On Saturday night , the Tor Viking II vessel reached the Golden Seas and began towing it toward Dutch Harbor , a journey of about 275 miles , Warr said . "  Right now , everything is going as planned , " Warr said , adding that authorities will remain vigilant until the freighter reaches Dutch Harbor . The U.S. Coast Guard cutter Alex Haley was expected to meet the two vessels on Sunday morning , according to the Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation . Warr said Sunday the cutter was "  just around the corner " and able to assist should the tow line break -- the worst-case scenario , he said . In addition , the Coast Guard can fly out in helicopters to reconnect the tow , he said . "  We have plan B in place in case something happens , " he said . "  The safety of the crew is paramount . At the current time they are not in any danger , " Jeremy Michels , responsible party incident commander , said in a teleconference Saturday . The tow operation took about three hours to set up , Warr said Sunday . The Golden Seas is carrying canola seed used for making canola oil as well as more than 450,000 gallons of crude oil , 11,700 gallons of diesel and 10,000 gallons of lube oil on board , officials said . The vessel , owned by the Greek company Allseas Marine , was traveling from Vancouver , British Columbia , to the United Arab Emirates . The towing operation will be challenging because of high seas , including waves of up to 26 feet , officials have said . The Golden Seas encountered waves as high as 29 feet on Friday , the Coast Guard said . Helicopters aided the effort to keep the freighter from drifting southeast and running aground on Atka Island , part of the Aleutian Islands in the Bering Sea , before the tow was connected . Gary Folley of the Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation said the state and Coast Guard are conducting a risk assessment of rescue operations in the region . The study will include a look at possible funding to add more rescue tugs on the islands . CNNRadio 's Paul Chambers and CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Right now , everything is going as planned , " a Coast Guard spokesman says NEW : The Golden Seas is expected to reach Dutch Harbor on Tuesday The freighter suffered engine problems off the Aleutian Islands The 738-foot freighter is carrying canola seeds , oil and diesel
Paris , France  CNN  -- Trader Jerome Kerviel was found guilty of all charges Tuesday for betting 50 billion euros  $ 61 billion  of a French bank 's money without its knowledge . The judge sentenced Kerviel to a five-year sentence but suspended two years of it , meaning he will serve three years in prison . He was also ordered to pay 4.9 billion euros  $ 6.75 billion  in damages to the bank . Kerviel was not immediately jailed and left court after the verdict and sentencing . Kerviel , a former employee of French bank Societe Generale , went on trial in June on charges of forgery , breach of trust and unauthorized computer use . The banks says the unhedged bets cost it almost $ 6 billion . The damages he was ordered to pay was far more than prosecutors had asked . It was thought before the verdict that Kerviel would face a fine of as much as 375,000 euros  about $ 460,000  . Kerviel 's lawyer , Olivier Metzner , called the verdict "  unreasonable " and said he planned to appeal . He has 10 days in which to do so . Kerviel had pleaded guilty to the charge of computer abuse , but Metzner had asked jurors in his closing arguments to acquit his client of the charges of breach of trust and forgery . Metzner previously told CNN that Kerviel 's behavior was strongly influenced by the environment at Societe Generale . "  The banks are the ones to blame for the banking system and the systematic economic crisis , not Jerome Kerviel , " he said . Kerviel traded European index futures for the bank . He was the only person ever charged in the case , despite claiming he did everything with the knowledge of his superiors . "  I am convinced the criminal file is full of elements proving that my superiors knew and covered for me . At least I should n't be the only one in the dock , " he told CNN after the release of his memoirs , "  Trapped in a Spiral : Memoirs of a Trader " in which he pleads his innocence . "  During three years , these managers earned colossal amounts of money out of bonuses based on the ever-growing results that I was making for the bank , " he said . Societe Generale , which said it discovered the losses in January 2008 , said that at no time were supervisors aware of Kerviel 's alleged unlawful activities . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	Jerome Kerviel is sentenced to three years in prison He is also fined $ 6.75 billion in damages Kerviel was convicted of all the charges against him His lawyer calls the verdict "  unreasonable "
CNN  -- Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal got involved in the "  Duck Dynasty " controversy Thursday by tweeting his response to A&E 's decision to suspend Phil Robertson for his inflammatory remarks in a recent GQ interview . "  I remember when TV networks believed in the First Amendment , " he wrote , adding , "  it is a messed up situation when Miley Cyrus gets a laugh , and Phil Robertson gets suspended . " The truth is it is a messed up situation when a governor rumored to have his sights on the presidency does n't understand the breadth of the First Amendment . The Federal Communications Commission did not send officials into the office of Nancy Dubuc , president of A&E Networks . The FBI did not threaten to put Robertson away , and the Internal Revenue Service did n't freeze his bank accounts . This is what the First Amendment protects us from -- laws being made that restrict freedom of religion , the press and/or speech . It does not protect us from how society responds to the expression of one 's religion , the press or speech . Robertson 's boss punished him for his remarks . The government did n't . Now for those out of the loop , Robertson -- a 67-year-old Louisiana native and a star of "  Duck Dynasty " who holds a master 's in education -- said , "  I never , with my eyes , saw the mistreatment of any black person , " and the black people he worked with "  were godly ; they were happy ; no one was singing the blues . " He also compared homosexuality to bestiality and quoted a Bible verse that essentially said anyone who is an adulterer -- which according to Matthew 5:32 , includes "  anyone who marries a divorced woman " -- is going to hell . There 's a lot to chew on in the interview .  To his credit , Robertson issued somewhat of a mea culpa which , in part , read , "  We are all created by the Almighty and like Him , I love all of humanity . We would all be better off if we loved God and loved each other . " But the interview had a lot for some to be offended by , especially given the number of black , gay and divorced people there are in the United States . And while conservatives such as Sarah Palin want to drape Robertson 's remarks with the banner of Christianity , the truth is not everyone who identifies as a Christian subscribes to anti-gay beliefs . Just as not everyone who identifies as a Christian believes black people were happier before the civil rights movement or that marrying a divorced woman is adultery . This variation in religious expression in general and Christian denomination in particular are also protected by the First Amendment . Not that it really matters . Robertson did n't falsely yell fire in a crowded theater -- which Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. said was not protected by the First Amendment back in 1919 -- so he is legally free to say whatever he wants to GQ about anyone he wants . But that does not mean he is protected from how people react to what he says . People like his bosses . Or those who make decisions about advertising . Or viewers . This is where Jindal -- as well as those who believe Robertson 's suspension violates his constitutional right to free speech -- get it wrong . You can say some stupid stuff -- whether it 's Paula Deen dropping the N-word , Alec Baldwin dropping the F-word , Jesse Jackson using a derogatory word for Jewish people as he talks about New York City -- or Bobby Knight infamously saying , " ' I think that if rape is inevitable , relax and enjoy it . " -- and the First Amendment will keep you from going to jail . But it is not a get-out-of-jail-free card in the eyes of society . And if you do n't believe me -- try walking into your boss ' office and call him or her a big fat idiot with ugly children . Then see if "  freedom of speech " helps you keep your job . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	"  Duck Dynasty " star suspended due to controversial remarks in GQ interview LZ Granderson says it 's a mistake to say the TV network is violating First Amendment First Amendment stops government from limiting free speech , he notes Granderson : Constitution does n't prevent society from responding to hateful speech
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A former State Department employee and his wife , who are accused of spying for Cuba for nearly 30 years , will remain in jail as they await trial , a judge ruled Wednesday . An artist 's sketch shows Walter Kendall Myers , 72 , and his wife , Gwendolyn Myers , 71 , in court Wednesday . Walter Kendall Myers , 72 , and his wife , Gwendolyn Myers , 71 , are charged with conspiracy to act as illegal agents of the Cuban government , wire fraud and providing classified information to Havana , according to court documents . U.S. Magistrate John Facciola ordered the couple Wednesday held without bail after a prosecutor said they posed a flight risk . Investigators found a calendar showing that the couple planned to sail to the Caribbean in November , federal prosecutor Michael Harvey told the court . The two have the financial means to obtain false documents and flee to Cuba with their sailboat or through Mexico or Canada , he said . "  They are unworthy of this court 's trust , " Harvey added . The couple was quiet and expressionless during the proceedings Wednesday . Kendall Myers sat with his arms folded across his chest , while his wife sat with her arms at her side . They stared straight ahead , and did not appear to acknowledge anyone in the courtroom . A defense attorney urged the court to allow them to remain in their home , where they could visit with their children . "  You could disable the sailboat , freeze their funds and require ankle bracelets , " Thomas Green said . The judge allowed the couple to meet briefly with their son after the court proceedings , but turned down the request to allow them to go home . He said he was concerned that the two would go to the Cuban Interests Section or the embassy of a country that has diplomatic relations with Cuba . Such a move would put them beyond the reach of federal law enforcement agencies . The State Department has not described what information the Myerses may have passed to their Cuban handlers , but said more information would come out after a full assessment . A senior State Department official said Kendall Myers was an "  upper-level civil service employee " at the Bureau of Intelligence and Research who "  had come up in the ranks . " U.S. officials did not discuss the Myerses ' motives for their alleged work for the Cuban government . Conviction on the wire fraud charge would carry a sentence of up to 20 years ; illegally acting as an agent of a foreign government would carry a sentence of up to 10 years ; and the conspiracy charge would carry a sentence of up to five years . Myers retired from the State Department on October 31 , 2007 . He had viewed more than 200 classified reports on Cuba in his final months , even though he was an analyst on European issues at the time , court documents say . The couple has been held without bail since pleading not guilty Friday . A future trial date has not been scheduled . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : Judge rules that husband , wife will remain in jail as they await trial NEW : He cites concern about pair fleeing beyond reach of U.S. law enforcement They 're charged with conspiracy , wire fraud , providing classified data to Havana State Department has n't said what data the pair may have passed to Cuban handlers
Washington  CNN  -- Capitol Hill lawmakers finally brought the 2013 budget fight to an end Thursday by approving a bill that ended the threat of a government shutdown -- minutes before ratcheting up the partisan warfare over taxes and spending in 2014 . Members of the House voted 318-109 to send President Barack Obama a bill funding the government through the end of the current fiscal year in September while easing the pain of $ 85 billion in forced spending cuts disliked by leaders on both sides of the aisle . The measure extending current federal funding authority was needed to avoid a partial shutdown of the government on March 27 . Both houses of Congress are scheduled to be on break over the next two weeks for the Easter and Passover holidays . Do n't expect much of a breather , however , in the bitter budget battles that have become one of the hallmarks of a sharply polarized , borderline dysfunctional national legislature . The GOP-controlled House also passed a fiscal year 2014 budget Thursday that is guaranteed to go nowhere in the Democratic-run Senate . Opinion : Ryan budget is a firing offense The Republican plan , crafted by recent Mitt Romney running mate Rep. Paul Ryan , cuts taxes while balancing the budget over 10 years by slashing spending by $ 4.6 trillion , repealing Obama 's health care law and making major changes to Medicare . No House Democrats voted for it . The Senate voted Thursday on the Ryan budget in what appeared to be a political move to show it could not pass . It failed , with 59 senators voting against it and 40 voting in favor . Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , called the Ryan budget a "  bold plan " and a statement of party principles . Rep. Chris Van Hollen of Maryland , a member of the Democratic leadership , called it an "  uncompromising ideological approach " that would replicate disastrous European austerity policies . New air traffic control towers among those on chopping block Not to be outdone , the Democratic-controlled Senate continued its work Thursday on a 2014 budget that cuts the deficit in part by hiking taxes on the wealthy and corporations by $ 975 billion over the next decade . Republicans note taxes already went up at the start of 2013 as part of the fiscal cliff deal . GOP leaders insist they wo n't raise the overall tax burden another dime . Democrats are "  serving the needs of government instead of the needs of those who elected them , " declared Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky . General : Cuts could hurt anti-drug efforts As for the rest of the current fiscal year , the measure now set to become law reduces the impact of the $ 85 billion in forced cuts -- called sequestration -- by establishing stop-gap budgets for the departments of Agriculture , Commerce , Defense , Homeland Security , Justice , and Veterans Affairs , among other things . By crafting new budgets for targeted departments and programs , the package resets priorities and helps better manage the draconian formula of the spending cuts . Crafted primarily by Maryland Democratic Sen. Barbara Mikulski and Alabama Republican Sen. Richard Shelby , the measure largely spares a number of politically sensitive programs from the budget ax , including meat inspection and infant nutrition . Overall , the legislation locks in $ 984 billion in non-entitlement program spending -- a notable drop from the $ 1.043 trillion initially approved before the forced sequestration cuts took effect . Despite the bill 's bipartisan nature , many members on both sides of the aisle remain unhappy with the outcome . Food inspectors rescued Conservatives argue the package is still loaded with pork barrel spending . Republican Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Tom Coburn of Oklahoma , for example , questioned the inclusion of $ 65 million for Pacific coast salmon restoration . Sen. Jerry Moran , R-Kansas , complained Wednesday about being denied a vote on an amendment to protect rural airport control towers from closure due to the cuts . He accused opponents of stripping critical funds simply to score political points and frame the debate in a way that favors defenders of a larger government . It 's "  the only explanation I ever get that has any semblance of truth , " Moran said on the Senate floor . "  By denying the amendment 's passage , we prove that sequestration ca n't work , that we ca n't cut money from budgets . " More liberal members of Congress blasted the cuts , but said the deal was the only way to avoid a partial government shutdown . The cuts are "  reckless , " said Rep. Nita Lowey of New York , the top Democrat on the House Appropriations Committee . But "  a government shutdown could wreak havoc on our already fragile economic recovery and must be prevented . " "  Whatever our disagreement on some of these bills , it was worse to shut down government , " added House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California . Ryan explains ` why ' of balancing budget in weekly address CNN 's Ted Barrett , Tom Cohen and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : Rep. Paul Ryan 's 2014 budget fails in the Senate by a vote of 40 to 59 NEW : Ryan 's bill balanced the budget by slashing $ 4.6 trillion in spending Congress passes a budget bill , avoiding shutdown The bill softens the blow of $ 85 billion in forced spending cuts
CNN  -- His past largely defined by his World Series heroics , Jim Leyritz 's future is now in the hands of a Florida jury that could send him to prison for up to 15 years for hitting and killing a woman while allegedly driving drunk . Opening statements begin Monday in the trial of the former baseball star , who is charged with two counts of vehicular manslaughter while driving drunk in a 2007 wreck . A jury of five men and one woman , plus two alternates , has been seated in the case . According to court documents , the incident began as a nighttime celebration for Leyritz , who was ringing in his 44th birthday with friends by bar-hopping in Fort Lauderdale , Florida . While driving a friend home shortly after 3 a.m. ET on December 28 , 2007 , his red 2006 Ford Expedition hit the vehicle of 30-year-old Freida Veitch , a Fort Lauderdale police report stated . She was thrown from her dark green 2000 Mitsubishi Montero , knocked unconscious and pronounced dead at 4:08 a.m. Blood drawn from Leyritz three hours later showed he had 0.14 percent blood alcohol level , above the 0.08 benchmark in Florida . He also failed field sobriety tests , according to police . Veitch was also legally drunk with a 0.18 blood alcohol level and was not wearing her seat belt , according to court documents . In pre-trial court actions , questions have also been raised as to whether Veitch was distracted by calls and texts on her cell phone , how fast she was driving and if her headlights were on . Still , beyond determining if he was legally intoxicated , Leyritz 's fate may be most tied to one key question : whether the light he went through , prior to hitting Veitch , was red or yellow . Based on court documents , defense attorneys are also expected to argue that Veitch was to blame for the accident and there 's little to nothing Leyritz could have done , sober or not . Leyritz and his passenger , Bruce Barger -- a 19-year-old who was with the former baseball star from midnight on and who was getting a ride home -- claim the light was yellow and turned red while Leyritz 's SUV was in the intersection , court documents state . But a pedestrian at the scene , Garth Henry , said it was red even before Leyritz drove through . Leyritz played eleven years in the major leagues , including all or parts of eight seasons with the New York Yankees . His career highlight came in 1996 , when he hit a winning home run in Game 4 of the World Series . He also hit pivotal homers during the 1995 , 1998 and 1999 postseasons . He remained in the limelight after his career ended in 2000 , appearing on national and New York-based radio programs . An outspoken character during and after a career , Leyritz admitted that he 'd used amphetamines in his playing days . After his arrest , the twice-divorced Leyritz told In Session that he lost his job as a sports commentator and an endorsement deal , leaving him to rely on loans from friends and reporters . If convicted , under Florida law , Leyritz faces a minimum of four years and a maximum of 15 years in state prison . In Session 's Beth Karas and Grace Wong contributed to this report .	Opening statements are next week in the vehicular manslaughter trial of Jim Leyritz Leyritz is a well-known former professional baseball player and sports commentator He is accused of a running a red light while drunk , hitting and killing a woman in Florida Leyritz claims the light was yellow , and he could not have prevented the crash
Five people have fled from a cafe in the heart of Sydney where a dramatic hostage taking is unfolding Monday . But an unknown number of people remain in the cafe , held by at least one armed hostage taker . Hundreds of police officers have shut down a usually bustling area in Australia 's most populous city amid the crisis . Chilling images from local media showed people , believed to be hostages , with their hands pressed against the glass of the Lindt Chocolate Cafe in Sydney 's central business district . Footage showed them holding up a black flag with Arabic writing on it that reads : "  There is no God but God and Mohammed is the prophet of God . " Three people who were seen running out of the cafe "  are now out of the building and they are now with police , " said New South Wales Police Deputy Commissioner Catherine Burn , declining to give details about whether they escaped or were let go . Video from CNN affiliate Seven Network later showed two more people running out of the cafe . Authorities said many of the details about the situation remained unclear , including the number of people inside the cafe and the motivations of the hostage taker . "  We do n't know whether this is politically motivated , although obviously there are some indications that it could be , " Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott told reporters . The Islamic writing on the banner stoked fears that the crisis in Sydney could be linked to extremists . Australia , which is part of the international coalition fighting the terrorist group ISIS in the Middle East , said in September that it had foiled a plot by Islamic militants to carry out a public execution . New South Wales Police Commissioner Andrew Scipione said it was n't yet clear whether the situation at the cafe was a terrorist event but that police are on "  a footing that would be consistent with a terrorist alert . " Burn said police negotiators are now in contact with a hostage taker , who appears to have taken staff and customers captive as people were heading to work on Monday morning in the Martin Place area . Chris Kenny , an editor at The Australian newspaper , said he was at the cafe Monday morning . He left shortly before the siege started . "  As police quickly swarmed and cleared the area , I turned to see a man against the window , facing out with his hands raised , " he wrote in his account of the incident . "  At first I was relieved thinking this was the gunman responding to police -- but soon the awful realisation the customers were being forced against the windows . " Seven Network reported that at least 13 people are being held at the cafe , but Scipione declined to say how many were in there . Police barricaded off streets and evacuated buildings near the cafe , bringing an eerie quiet to a district typically buzzing with pedestrians and vehicles . The Martin Place train station was shut down , according to police . They urged people to stay away from the area , but some local office workers gathered at the scene to try to find out what was going on . The buildings evacuated included the U.S. Consulate General , said Alicia Edwards , a spokeswoman . All personnel have been accounted for , although it 's not known whether there are any U.S. citizens among the hostages . U.S. President Barack Obama has been briefed on the situation .	At least five people have fled the cafe , Seven Network video shows Police negotiators are in contact with a hostage taker , the official says Australia 's PM says it 's unclear whether the violence is politically motivated Local media carry images of people holding a black flag with Arabic writing
CNN  -- Famed attorney Robert Shapiro -- best known to the public as part of O.J. Simpson 's legal "  dream team " -- is now defending actress Lindsay Lohan , according to Lohan 's father . Lohan 's former lawyer , Shawn Chapman Holley , resigned last week shortly after releasing a statement about her client 's "  harsh and unfair " sentence . Lohan was ordered Tuesday to serve 90 days in jail for missing alcohol counseling sessions in violation of her probation . She was also sentenced to spend 90 days in a drug and alcohol rehab program after her jail term is completed . The actress must begin serving her sentence on July 20 . Michael Lohan sent an e-mail to CNN Thursday stating that Shapiro had been hired , and expressing hope that his daughter 's sentence would be reevaluated if she is allowed to attend rehab first . "  Bob  Shapiro  is representing her , " Lohan wrote . "  But tell me , why is  it  that I had to cry from the mountain for Lindsay to listen to me , and now finally she is doing what I said ? None of this would have happened if Lindsay and  her mother  Dina had . I was telling Dina and Lindsay this for years now . I just pray that they implement everything else I said , like getting clean off all meds , asking the court to go to rehab first and then reevaluate Lindsay 's incarceration . " Michael Lohan , who is divorced and reportedly has a rocky relationship with his daughter , also wrote that he hopes Lindsay picks "  all new friends and management , and finally that Dina  attends  counseling with Lindsay and me . I thank Mr. Shapiro and think he will agree with my suggestions , since unfortunately , he has been down this road as well . It does n't matter who takes the credit , Dina or Bob . As long as Lindsay gets off the meds and listens to me , that 's all I care about . " Shapiro 's son died of a drug overdose in 2005 .	Robert Shapiro is representing Lindsay Lohan , according to Lohan 's dad Lohan 's former lawyer resigned last week Lohan has been sentenced to 90 days in jail and 90 days in rehab Michael Lohan is pushing for his daughter to go to rehab before prison
Entertainment Weekly  -- Punctuation promises comedy in "  The Informant ! " as if the title subject is a cartoon secret agent -- maybe Agent 86 in "  Get Smart . " Matt Damon , as a corporate turncoat , offers up secrets in "  The Informant ! " But he 's not . The whistle-blower worthy of an exclamation point in this groovy-looking , chuckle-baiting , fact-based movie from protean director Steven Soderbergh is Mark Whitacre  Matt Damon  , a biochemist and well-placed executive at the agri-processing giant Archer Daniels Midland  ADM  in Decatur , Illinois . It 's the early 1990s . The company man is helping expose ADM 's alleged global price-fixing activities to the FBI , cooperating with the feds long enough to gather invaluable evidence . But what Whitacre does n't confide to his FBI handlers , and what his wheat-colored jackets , Dilbert ties , and weakling mustache hide , at least at first , is that this inside source is not completely trustworthy . Damon , fattened up to fit his boxy suits , wears Whitacre 's slack demeanor beautifully . The star -- who has quietly and steadily turned into a great Everyman actor -- is in nimble control as he reveals his character 's deep crazies . Watch why Damon gained 30 pounds for the role " Soderbergh 's amused study of the highest-ranking corporate whistleblower in U.S. history is adapted from "  The Informant : A True Story , " an amazing , deeply reported book by New York Times reporter Kurt Eichenwald . That book told the story without editorial eye-rolling . But somewhere between Eichenwald 's journalistic attention to detail and the bubbly , dialogue-besotted script by "  The Bourne Ultimatum 's " Scott Z. Burns , Soderbergh has chosen to apply an attitude of arch whoopee , a greasy veneer of mirth over what is , no joke , a serious mess of malfeasance and mental instability . It 's tempting to laugh , but what 's the joke : Whitacre ? ADM ? The FBI ? The fashion trends of Decatur ? Smarty condescension lurks behind the suburban bushes . Had a '90s date and place card not been supplied , I would have remained in an honest muddle about the era depicted on screen . And since Whitacre is subliminally likened to bumbling , fictional Maxwell Smart , that 's probably as the filmmaker intended . The artistic choice is reinforced by a '70s - era "  Laugh-In " aesthetic seen in everything from the smiley yellow novelty typography of the opening credits to the fancy rubber-chicken music served up in heaps of horns and whistles by essence-of - '70s composer Marvin Hamlisch . Sock it to me . Playing it straight and letting his Sam-Donaldson-meets-Spock hairdo suggest otherwise , Scott Bakula makes an appealing FBI agent with a deadpan grimace just this side -- or maybe it 's the other side -- of "  Dragnet 's " Joe Friday . Comedian Joel McHale from E! 's "  The Soup " plays the fellow agent who stares with big round eyes while his partner squints at Whitacre 's successive leakages of truth/lie / truth/lie . The always wonderful , huggable Melanie Lynskey , who stole the show in "  Away We Go , " does more great wifely work as Ginger Whitacre , her husband 's biggest booster . A valued subset of Soderbergh 's audience is sure to dig iconic hipster comic brothers Tom and Dick Smothers in small roles . In fact , the wily pair would fit right in with an "  Ocean 's Whatever " cast of coolios , enjoying some retro-style ensemble fun , regardless of whether the audience does . Soderbergh is as smart , stylish , and attentive a filmmaker as they come . And there are moments in "  The Informant ! " when I can almost be convinced that the tonal feints he establishes at the intersection of joke and no-joke are seriously , thoughtfully meant to replicate the misaligned synapses in Whitacre 's own head . iReport.com : Damon 's latest worth checking out But if that 's the intention , Soderbergh ultimately made the choice to abandon interesting , dispassionate empathy for the more quick-fix payoff of amusement . As Whitacre goes through his days , Damon recites interior monologues of distracted observation in voice-overs meant to demonstrate how his character 's unusual brain works . In "  The Informant ! " , that brain -- screwy and yet capable of doing important undercover work -- free-associates like Ellen DeGeneres on a swing through Walmart . Cute , but as even Agent 86 would say in "  Get Smart " : Missed it by that much . EW Grade : B CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Informant ! " stars Matt Damon as corporate worker giving info to FBI Damon 's character is an untrustworthy provider , and actor 's performance great But movie plays situations too much for laughs , says EW "  The Informant ! " is directed by Steven Soderbergh
Port-Au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Former Haitian dictator Jean-Claude "  Baby Doc " Duvalier remained huddled inside his hotel Monday , as the reasons behind his unexpected return to Haiti and what he hopes to accomplish there remain unclear . Duvalier returned to his homeland Sunday after some 25 years in exile , injecting a further dose of uncertainty into an already turbulent political situation . A news conference at his hotel Monday was canceled at the last minute because the space was not equipped to handle the crowd , and no other location could be found , Henry Robert Sterlin , a Duvalier associate , told reporters . Sterlin said that the former dictator had returned because he was moved by the anniversary of last year 's tragic earthquake and because he missed his homeland . "  He 's deeply hurt in his soul after the earthquake . He wanted to come back to see how is the actual Haitian situation -- of the people and of the country , " Sterlin said about Duvalier . He said he did not know how long the former leader was planning to stay . Duvalier 's arrival in Haiti coincides with an ongoing political crisis there , sparked by fraud allegations in a presidential election . A runoff vote , scheduled for January 16 , was postponed after a contested first round . Human rights groups urged Haiti to arrest and prosecute the former dictator . "  Duvalier 's return to Haiti should be for one purpose only : to face justice , " said Jose Miguel Vivanco , Americas director of Human Rights Watch . "  Under the presidency of Duvalier ... thousands were killed and tortured , and hundreds of thousands of Haitians fled into exile . His time to be held accountable is long overdue . " Amnesty International similarly said Duvalier should be brought to justice . "  The widespread and systematic human rights violations committed in Haiti during Duvalier 's rule amount to crimes against humanity , " said Javier Zuniga , special adviser at Amnesty International . "  Haiti is under the obligation to prosecute him and anyone else responsible for such crimes . " The Duvalier family ruled Haiti for three decades , starting in 1957 when Francois "  Papa Doc " Duvalier was elected president . He later declared himself president for life . When he died in 1971 , he was succeeded by his 19-year-old son , Jean-Claude "  Baby Doc " Duvalier . The younger Duvalier held onto power for 15 years before a revolt forced him to flee the country . Widely accused of corruption , Duvalier has been living in France . He has maintained some support in Haiti . At the offices of the National Unity Party , a few dozen of his supporters gathered around a television to listen to news reports . "  President Jean-Claude Duvalier , by coming back into the country it is a victory for Haiti , " said Jean Etienne , an engineering student . "  When President Jean-Claude Duvalier was in the country , it was n't like it is now . It was better . " The former dictator is at the Karibe Hotel in Petionville , a suburb of Port-au-Prince . He arrived there Sunday night . "  There 's definite energy in the air right now , " said Ryan Flaherty , head of security for Project Medishare . "  Right now , people do n't know what he 's back here for . People do n't know if he is just visiting , or if he 's here to talk about the earthquake and relief ... or , is he going to make a political move ? " said Flaherty . "  It 's just going to be interesting to hear what he has to say . " Sunday , the United Nations restricted the movement of its staff in Port-au-Prince until further notice , or until the effects of the former leader 's arrival becomes clear , said Patrick Hanson , a security officer for the United Nations in Haiti . While groups of people were gathered in various parts of the city , they are calm and no violence has been reported , he said . The United States likewise said it was caught off guard by Duvalier 's unexpected return . "  We are surprised by the timing of Duvalier 's visit to Haiti . It adds unpredictability at an uncertain time in Haiti 's election process , " State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said in a tweet . Haiti 's Provisional Electoral Council released preliminary election results in early December that showed former first lady Mirlande Manigat with 31.4 % of the vote . Jude Celestin , President Rene Preval 's handpicked successor , came in second with 22.3 % , while popular musician Michel Martelly was third with 21.8 % . However , a review of the results conducted by an Organization of American States monitoring team showed Martelly winning 22.2 % of the vote to Celestin 's 21.9 % , affording Martelly a spot in a runoff election with Manigat . Haiti 's constitution mandates a new presidential term starting on February 7 , but it is unclear whether that will happen . Efforts to elect a new president are unfolding as the country is still struggling to rebuild after last year 's devastating earthquake . Last week , Haiti marked the first anniversary of that quake , which left more than 200,000 people dead . Agnes Pierre-Louis , a local business owner , said Haitians are anxiously waiting to see what the government will do next , now that Duvalier has returned . So far , Preval 's administration has remained silent . "  There are so many parties here and so many mixed feelings that it 's really hard to know who to turn to at the moment , " she said . "  We do n't know what the next week or the next couple of days will bring . " CNN 's Kim Segal and journalist Jean Junior Osman contributed to this report .	NEW : Associate does not know how long Duvalier will stay Rights groups urge Haiti to arrest the former dictator The reasons behind Duvalier 's return are not immediately clear He has been living in exile in France for about 25 years
GAZA CITY , Gaza  CNN  -- Israeli forces fired on a U.N. aid convoy Thursday in Gaza , killing at least one contract worker and prompting the U.N. to halt some of its operations in Gaza , U.N. officials said . Palestinians distribute U.N. food aid Thursday in a refugee camp in southern Gaza . The U.N. has "  lost confidence " in the Israeli military 's attempts to allow humanitarian aid into the Palestinian territory , the U.N. Relief and Works Agency 's director said . Meanwhile , the U.N. Security Council late Thursday overwhelmingly approved a resolution calling for an immediate cease-fire in Gaza . Fourteen of the council 's 15 members voted in favor of the resolution -- with U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice abstaining from the vote . Hours before the resolution was approved , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon demanded an investigation into the convoy incident he said killed two contract workers near the Israel-Gaza border . UNRWA director John Ging said one aid worker was killed . Ging expressed frustration with the Israeli military , which he said cleared the convoy to travel into Gaza . Images emerge of Israeli troops in Gaza " "  We are perfectly willing to take risks , but something has to change , " Ging told reporters from Gaza City . "  If they give us the clearance to move , it is -LSB- unacceptable -RSB- that their soldiers are firing on us from the ground . " Ging said an Israeli liaison did not dispute that Israeli forces fired on the vehicle . Four U.N. staffers have been killed since Israeli airstrikes on Gaza began December 27 , and two U.N. schools in the territory used as civilian shelters have also been hit by the Israeli military . The aid agency provides food and relief supplies to some 80 percent of Gaza 's 1.5 million people , but it says it has been unable to reach many Palestinians or assess the situation in Gaza during the Israeli military offensive . The absence of foreign journalists -- whom Israel has barred from entering Gaza -- is preventing the truth about conditions there from getting out , Ging said . "  We have horrific stories coming out now . ... You have to brace yourself for more , " Ging said . "  This is a horrific situation . " Red Cross workers on Wednesday found numerous wounded Palestinians in the neighborhood of Zaytun , the organization said in a statement . The injured included four children , too weak to stand , next to their dead mothers in a house containing 12 corpses , the International Committee of the Red Cross said . Palestinian medical sources said Thursday that 765 Palestinians have died in Gaza -- nearly 40 percent of them women and children -- since the Israeli military operation began . Three Israeli soldiers died in the fighting on Thursday , bringing to 10 the number of Israeli soldiers killed in the operation . Three Israeli civilians and one of those soldiers have been killed in rocket strikes from Gaza . The Israeli military says its operation is aimed at halting the firing of rockets into southern Israel by Hamas , which has controlled Gaza since 2007 . But militants have continued to fire dozens of rockets and mortar shells on southern Israel since Israel launched its military operation . More than 20 rockets were fired into Israel on Thursday , Israeli police said . The mounting death toll and humanitarian concerns in Gaza are being addressed by cease-fire proposals now being considered by Israeli and Palestinian diplomats in Egypt . Israel continued its military operations in Gaza even during a three-hour period in which it said it would halt its offensive activities to allow for "  humanitarian activities . " At least 50 trucks carrying aid were allowed into Gaza on Thursday , but it is unclear if any of the supplies were distributed to civilians . Much of the U.N. 's aid is stuck at the Kerem Shalom border crossing because the private company that drives the aid in is refusing to enter Gaza "  because the situation is too dangerous , " U.N. Humanitarian Affairs chief John Holmes said . Israel has periodically opened some of its borders with Gaza to allow aid into the territory during the military campaign . Ambulance crews struggled Thursday to deliver patients through the Gaza-Egypt crossing , drivers said . Mohammed Hamid , a Palestinian driver , told CNN Israeli forces are stopping ambulances evacuating the wounded . Watch driver say Israelis are blocking ambulances " During the three-hour "  truce " on Thursday , large explosions could be heard from central Gaza and small arms fire from northern Gaza , according to CNN 's Ben Wedeman , reporting from along the Israel-Gaza border . Also , Israeli armored bulldozers demolished a home in Gaza "  just as the lull was supposed to go into effect , " he said . Video shot from the border showed the home -- with two white flags flying on the roof -- crumble to the ground as the bulldozers plowed into its side and roll over the debris . "  We saw a man coming out of that house with a white flag and until now we have seen no sign of any military activity in that area , " Wedeman reported . "  There have been no shots fired from that house . " The Israeli military had no comment on the incident . A three-hour truce on Wednesday was also marred by fighting which Israeli officials said were in retaliation for Hamas attacks on Israeli forces . Separately , four rockets fired from southern Lebanon landed near the northern Israeli city of Nahariya Thursday , leaving two people with minor injuries . The Israeli military returned fire across the border and suggested that residents of northern Israel stay near their shelters . Watch CNN 's Christiane Amanpour discuss the rocket attacks " There was no immediate claim of responsibility . Hezbollah assured the Lebanese government that it was not responsible for the attacks , the Lebanese information minister said . Hezbollah has kept a tight rein on its forces in southern Lebanon since the cease-fire following its war with Israel in 2006 . A number of Palestinian factions operate in southern Lebanon as well . CNN 's Talal Abu Rahma , Michal Zippori , Ben Brumfield , Terrence Burke and Richard Roth contributed to this report .	U.N. secretary-general says Israelis fired on U.N. aid convoy U.N. suspends some aid work , citing death of at least one worker Four rockets fired from southern Lebanon landed in northern Israel on Thursday U.N. Security Council approves resolution calling for cease-fire
CNN  -- The United Nations Security Council on Friday lifted sanctions on the Central Bank of Libya and the Libyan Foreign Bank , moves that were warmly received by the United States and Britain . "  This will allow the United States and other countries to unfreeze billions of dollars to help Libyans build their new democracy , " U.S. Ambassador Susan Rice said . The sanctions had been imposed early this year by U.N. Security Council resolutions 1970 and 1973 in an attempt to halt the killing of unarmed demonstrators by forces loyal to longtime leader Moammar Gadhafi . "  Now , as Libyans develop their new state , these sanctions can be ended responsibly , " Rice said . "  The United States will continue to work with the new government of Libya to ensure that it has the resources and support it needs , and we will stand with the Libyan people as they leave behind decades of tyranny and chart a prosperous , democratic and secure future for their country . " Britain 's Foreign Secretary William Hague , in a statement , said the move "  means that Libya 's government will now have full access to the significant funds needed to help rebuild the country , to underpin stability and to ensure that Libyans can make the transactions that are essential to everyday life . " Britain is working to pass the regulation needed to release about $ 10.1 billion in frozen Libyan assets , he said . Hague called on the country 's transitional government to work toward building "  a transparent and accountable financial system which will underpin a newly prosperous Libya . "	The Security Council action will unfreeze billions of dollars , Rice says The sanctions were imposed early this year Money will "  help Libyans build their new democracy , " Rice says
CNN  In case we need any reminder that gun politics can be over the top , there 's the recent report that gunmaker PARA USA regrets supplying weapons to the action flick "  Taken 3 " and is calling for a boycott . Why ? It 's not because they 're feeling guilty about triggering violent fantasies in some viewers , but because the star of the movie series , Liam Neeson , had the gall to tell a reporter that there were too many guns in America . There 's no doubt Americans are worried about gun violence and support some proposals to keep guns away from potentially dangerous people . For example , in poll after poll , Americans of all political stripes , including gun owners , support background checks on all firearm purchases .  A requirement of that sort was enacted by popular vote last November in Washington state .  California , New York , and a handful of other states , altogether constituting one-quarter of the U.S. population , have regulations on gun design , transactions , possession or use that go well beyond federal requirements . On the other hand , public opinion in support of protecting gun rights has grown in recent decades , and in red states there has been a highly successful effort to deregulate guns . The political environment is surely challenging on this issue , but we see several promising policy approaches that are especially well suited to balancing different interests while advancing shared goals . The development of "  smart " guns promises to give gun owners a new option that many of them would value , namely , a weapon that could only be unlocked by a "  key " they control . A gun of this sort has been developed by the German manufacturer Armatix , utilizing RFID technology of the same sort that we have all become accustomed to with our car keys . These "  personalized " guns wo n't reduce violence by reckless owners , but the technology will cut down on misuse by curious children , suicidal teens , thieves or other unauthorized users who get their hands on the weapon . It seems ironic that the effort to block the introduction of such guns in the United States , so far successful , is led by organizations that advocate gun rights . Most gun assaults occur outside the home . When an underage youth , gang member or ex-con is picked up carrying a gun , there is a good chance that a serious crime has been prevented . Judges must do their part by treating illicit gun carrying as a serious offense , rather than dismissing such cases as "  victimless crimes . " By analogy , most drunk-driving cases are "  victimless " in that no one was harmed , but overall the successful crusade  by MADD and other groups  to have DUI treated as a serious crime has saved thousands of lives . Reducing illicit carrying would have the same effect . Recent mass shootings have brought mental health experts and gun violence prevention advocates together to forge sensible approaches . Federal law disqualifies from gun ownership those who have been involuntarily committed to a mental institution or otherwise ruled mentally incompetent by a judge . That disqualification can only be effectively implemented in states that enter their mental health records into the national background check system kept by the FBI , a small step in the right direction . But federal law is of little use in responding to most cases where a psychotic individual poses a threat . A carefully crafted policy is needed to allow judges to order guns removed from those who are found to be dangerous to themselves or others due to mental illness . Such quick response policies should be coupled with a process to restore gun rights when the danger has dissipated . In sum , guns , like many other commodities , create risks as well as benefits . In regulating cars , liquor , medical procedures , and much else , there is a balance between risks and benefits . That common-sense approach does n't have the drama of a Liam Neeson film , but it is our best hope going forward .	Actor Liam Neeson criticizes gun culture in U.S. ; in response , gun advocates call for boycott of his movie Philip Cook and Kristin Goss : There 's actually a common sense approach to the gun issue
Washington  CNN  -- If President Barack Obama 's relationship with House Speaker John Boehner was contentious in the past , he certainly was n't showing it while the two sat at the head table of a congressional lunch following Monday 's inauguration . The two appeared to have a lighthearted exchange that prompted an apparent eye roll from first lady Michelle Obama , who was seated between them . Was it something Boehner said that prompted the reaction ? He tapped her shoulder while she ate her lunch . Or was it something the clearly amused president said ? Or maybe it was something both of them said . Maybe it was her lunch . But because there 's no audio from the exchange , it 's hard to tell what prompted the reaction that caught fire on the Internet . We thought we 'd leave it up to you . What do you think the first lady was thinking ? Let us know in the comment section below . Lessons in style from Michelle Obama	President Obama and House Speaker Boehner 's relationship has become contentious Michelle Obama was seated between the two at inauguration luncheon on Monday First lady 's apparent eye roll while Boehner was talking to her husband set Internet abuzz Tell us what you think she was thinking
CNN  -- Iraqi security forces on Thursday thwarted an attack by an al Qaeda splinter group on a military base in central Iraq , killing 40 gunmen , Iraq 's Interior Ministry said . One Iraqi army officer was killed in the attack by members of the group calling itself the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , according to the ministry . The attack happened at a base in Yusufiya , about 40 kilometers  25 miles  south of the country 's capital , Baghdad . Also Thursday , a car bomb exploded outside a restaurant in northern Iraq , killing at least four people and injuring 13 others , police officials in Tikrit and Kirkuk said . The restaurant was in Tuz Khurmatou , about 200 kilometers north of Baghdad . Iraq has been beset with political and sectarian violence for months , often pitting Sunnis -- a minority in Iraq -- against Shiite Muslims , who came to dominate the government after Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein was overthrown in 2003 . The United Nations said 2013 was the deadliest year in Iraq since 2008 , with almost 8,000 people killed . In March alone , terrorist attacks and other violence killed 592 people and injured 1,234 others in Iraq , excluding Anbar province , according to the United Nations The United Nations in March kept separate , civilian-only figures for Anbar , which has seen intense fighting between Sunni extremists and Iraqi security forces since the beginning of this year . More than 480 civilians , including 133 civilian police officers , were killed , and 1,104 civilians were injured last month in Anbar , the United Nations said . In February , more than 700 people were killed and nearly 1,400 others were wounded in Iraq , according to the United Nations .	Iraq : Al Qaeda splinter group attacked military base south of Baghdad 40 attackers , one Iraqi army officer were killed , Iraq 's Interior Ministry says Iraq has been beset with political and sectarian violence for months
CNN  "  American Sniper , " Clint Eastwood 's film about Navy SEAL marksman Chris Kyle , stunned just about everyone by earning $ 107 million over its first weekend in wide release -- an unprecedented haul for a downbeat , R-rated drama released in the middle of winter . The movie is drawing huge crowds across the moviegoing and political spectrum , from left-leaning cities to conservative small towns . Its audiences include large percentages of women and older viewers , two groups that do n't typically flock to the multiplex . "  American Sniper " has the look of a bona fide cultural phenomenon . All of which has Hollywood executives , and a lot of other people , scrambling to understand why . The movie has no doubt benefited from good timing : It hit 3,500 theaters the day after nabbing six Oscar nominations , including best picture . But Oscar love does n't always translate to popular success -- "  The Hurt Locker , " the 2009 best picture winner about a U.S. Army bomb-disposal team in Iraq , earned only $ 17 million in North America over its entire run . And until now , audiences have mostly stayed away from films about the unpopular wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . So why has "  American Sniper " -- distributed by Warner Bros. , which is owned by Time Warner , the parent company of CNN -- struck a chord when so many other modern-day war movies have not ? Here are five reasons : We 're finally ready for a movie about the Iraq War It 's been three years since the U.S. involvement in Iraq formally ended , and we have some distance on it . With the vast majority of U.S. troops out of harm 's way , audiences may finally be receptive to a movie that no longer hits too close to home . We saw a similar pattern after the Vietnam War in the 1970s . Although Hollywood movies about that war were made while it was still being fought , the most acclaimed Vietnam war dramas -- "  The Deer Hunter , " "  Coming Home , " "  Apocalypse Now " -- began hitting U.S. theaters three to four years after the 1975 fall of Saigon . Wrote Iraq veteran and film producer Paul Rieckhoff , in a recent column for Variety : "  Most of America is tired of hearing about Iraq . But now , they 're at least open to being entertained by it . " It 's about someone many view as a hero While characters in other recent combat movies such as "  Zero Dark Thirty " have been loosely based on actual people , "  American Sniper " is based on a firsthand account by a Navy SEAL who served four tours in Iraq . Chris Kyle was already a legend in military circles thanks to his 160 confirmed kills  he said he had many more unconfirmed , or unwitnessed ones  . His 2012 memoir , "  American Sniper : The Autobiography of the Most Lethal Sniper in U.S. Military History , " spent months on the best-seller lists . As portrayed by Bradley Cooper in the movie , Kyle was about as stereotypically American as they come : A God-fearing good ol' boy from Texas who loved hunting , rodeos , his family and his country . After Kyle died in 2013 , thousands filled Cowboys Stadium outside Dallas for a memorial service . His funeral procession stretched for 200 miles . "  Most of the conversation about what happened with our country in Iraq is negative . This  movie  is a positive portrayal , " said CNN senior media correspondent Brian Stelter . "  This is a film with an American hero . " However , some critics on the left have questioned whether Hollywood is lionizing a bloodthirsty soldier who called Iraqis "  savages " and wrote in his book that his "  only regret is that I did n't kill more . " Palin 's attack on ` Hollywood Leftists ' It 's got a great trailer For weeks , audiences have been seeing a riveting trailer for the movie that shows Cooper as Kyle , his rifle and scope trained on two Iraqi civilians in Fallujah who may or may not be trying to bomb a U.S. military convoy . "  I 've got a woman and a kid , 200 yards out , moving towards the convoy . She 's got a grenade ... she handed it to the kid , " he says into his radio , his finger closing on the trigger . "  Your call , " comes the reply from the radio . The tense scene is intercut with flashbacks from Kyle 's life back home in Texas , including his wedding and the birth of a child . Then we 're back to the Iraqi street and Kyle 's split-second dilemma . "  They fry you if you 're wrong , " his fellow soldier tells him as Kyle stares down the crosshairs . We can hear his breathing . We hear music swelling ominously . We see the kid start running towards the American troops . We do n't know what happens next , but we want to find out . It 's a human story , not a political one "  American Sniper " has no grandstanding politicians or speeches about the folly of war . It 's just Kyle 's story , from before basic training to after he returns home for good . "  It does n't deal with whether we should have been there , or what we were doing there , " said CNN 's Stelter . "  It only deals with the reality of what it was like for one soldier once he was there . So it 's a soldier 's - eye point of view . " People with opposing opinions on the war might all find evidence in the movie to support their views . Military hawks could see the Iraqis , who are portrayed in the film almost entirely as insurgents bent on killing Americans , as evildoers who must be snuffed out . Opponents of the conflict might see its effects on Cooper 's character , who becomes jittery and withdrawn , as further proof of the corrosive effects of the war on returning soldiers . Still , almost everything can be politicized if you try , and "  American Sniper " is no exception . Many conservatives , upset with what they saw as the morally ambiguous , anti-military tenor of such recent Iraq War films as the Matt Damon thriller "  Green Zone , " have hailed "  American Sniper " as a tribute to an American patriot . A review on right-wing website Breitbart.com called it a "  patriotic , pro-war on terror masterpiece . " Meanwhile , documentary filmmaker Michael Moore expressed a more controversial view in a tweet that called snipers "  cowards . " Opinion : Why I refuse to see ` American Sniper ' It stars Bradley Cooper One of the most popular and charismatic young actors in Hollywood , Cooper has now been nominated for an acting Oscar three years in a row  after "  Silver Linings Playbook " and "  American Hustle "  . To play Kyle , he gained more than 30 pounds of muscle and mastered the SEAL 's Texas drawl . "  Bradley did an amazing job and I truly do n't believe there 's anybody who could have done better , " Taya Kyle , Chris Kyle 's widow , told CNN 's Jake Tapper . When her late husband 's friends saw the movie , they told her "  it 's eerie how much it felt like Chris ... it 's like the spirit of Chris is exuding from Bradley as he 's playing this role . " So put it all together -- a likable star , a respected director , a compelling true story , strong marketing and some excellent timing -- and you get a surprise blockbuster that 's not likely to be duplicated anytime soon . But of course , Hollywood will try . Michael Moore explains snipers are ` cowards ' tweet	"  American Sniper " earned $ 105 million over its first weekend in wide release Americans may be finally ready for a movie about the Iraq War Adding to its appeal : The movie is a human story , not a political one
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Inside a sparkling new pool house off a dusty , bustling street in Afghanistan 's capital , sits a young man with a dream . Malek Mohammad , an 18-year-old double amputee , has already overcome so many challenges in his young life , some might be tempted to think he requires no assistance whatsoever . But adversity has made him wise beyond his years , and Malek knows better . His struggle has been a lonely one . "  I need support , I need help because I 'm representing Afghanistan -- especially disabled people , " says Malek , who more than anything , wants to swim for his country at the 2012 Paralympic Games in London . Landmines took his legs at age 11 as he was walking through a field near Kabul 's airport . It was while he was in the hospital that an American visitor noticed Malek and paid for him to go the United States and get prosthetic limbs made . During his two years recovering there , Malek was encouraged to participate in sports and he learned English . Then he returned to his family in Afghanistan . Malek 's younger brother , Samandar , beams with pride as he watches his sibling swim the length of the pool . "  He did n't lose his courage and power . He is very strong , and I am sure that he can take part in any competition . I am sure he will be successful and then the whole world can be proud of him . " At the pool , Malek shows us how athletics turned his life around , using his arms to lift his body off the tiles and then dive into the pool . "  I do n't have any coach or any trainer to teach me how to swim , how to prepare for the games , so I 'm doing by myself , because I love swimming , " says Malek . In a country torn apart by far too many years of war , Malek is far from the only athlete facing these types of challenges . Female boxer trains in stadium where Taliban executed women "  I think the government of Afghanistan has given the Olympic Committee too little assistance and enough attention has n't been paid to it either , " says Olympic Committee member Sami Darayi . "  The budget that the government has allocated to the Olympic Committee is almost nothing while we have got more sport federations than a lot of other countries . " To date , Afghanistan has won a medal at the Olympics only once -- at 2008 's Beijing games when Rohullah Nikpai won a bronze medal in taekwondo . Nikpai , who was swimming in the same pool as Malek when we visited , is keenly aware how difficult it is to excel in athletics in Afghanistan . "  I know that we do n't have enough resources for sportsman in Afghanistan , " says Nikpai , "  but the younger generations in this country love sports , so they are making efforts to try and go out of the country for competitions . "  They want to bring medals back home . That is why we are not hesitating and making every possible effort to compete on the worldwide scale . " Malek uses two pools in the city to practice , but neither are Olympic regulation size . When he 's not swimming , Malek spends time at the track running and working to stay in shape . The tough regimen is rough on his prosthetic limbs and the tread on the bottom of them are wearing thin . Malik says replacements are impossible to come by in Kabul . Nikpai is very happy to see Malek make progress . "  He is super smart and full of energy . I am really hoping for him to compete in the London Paralympics , " says Nikpai . "  Because at this point he has no legs but is still trying to serve his country in a way that he thinks he can and that is a very good thing . " Malek has others encouraging him to chase his Olympic dream . Friends and family also find hope in him -- something they say is missing in a country torn apart by far too many years of war . "  I am so happy to see someone like him , who has no legs , still swimming , " says friend Raza Javed . "  And often , even better than other people on the team . " As Malek waits to find out if he 's earned a spot at the games , he remains optimistic . He realizes the odds are n't exactly in his favor , but is sure things are bound to get better . "  I am sure someday I will have some professional trainer , good teacher , good support and -LSB- be -RSB- representing Afghanistan , and that my job will be to bring some medal for my country . " Malek knows that whatever happens , in a sense , he 's already won .	Landmine amputee in training to fulfill Olympic dream Afghan Malek Mohammad hopes to be in London to swim in Paralympics He trains in Kabul with no coach but plenty of support Afghanistan 's only Olympic medalist Rohullah Nikpai hopeful Malek will reach London
CNN  -- You do n't need to be a teenage boy to realize how scary girls can be . Girls know it too . Megan Fox plays a demonic cheerleader in "  Jennifer 's Body , " written by Diablo "  Juno " Cody . Certainly Diablo Cody does . The Academy Award-winning "  Juno " scribe proves as much in her second screenplay , a horror comedy about BFFs Jennifer  Megan Fox  and Needy  Amanda Seyfried  . These bosom buddies have a relationship that stretches back to the sandbox . They 're inseparable opposites : Jennifer is a babe , head cheerleader and a bit of a snot . Needy is nerdy , conventional and a soft touch . Except that when we first meet her , she 's locked up in the local mental hospital , kicking back at the guards and muttering darkly about the murders that put her here . Looking back , she dates this disastrous turn of events to the day Jennifer talked her into seeing an up-and-coming indie band at the roadhouse . The gig ends in a deadly inferno that claims the lives of several schoolmates , then Jennifer drives off with the band for an al fresco after-party involving satanic rites and virgin sacrifice . She survives on a technicality , but shows up later that night at Needy 's place covered in blood , barfing blue goo and craving fresh flesh . In the days after the tragedy the entire school seems to be suffering from post-traumatic stress . Only Jennifer seems unfazed by the community 's second sucker punch : the gruesome fate of the star quarterback in the woods . What 's a girl to do if her best friend turns into a heartless boy-eating demon ? Needy cleans up the mess and hopes it 's just a phase . The last time a horror flick tried for a distinctly female point of view the result was "  Twilight , " which was more of a wan gothic romance than a chiller . Directed by Karyn Kusama , who made "  Girlfight " and "  Aeon Flux , " "  Jennifer 's Body " is n't anything like that . It 's a much edgier , snappier , bloodier film , aimed primarily at young hipsters and horror fans -- plus anyone else curious to see Megan Fox get nasty .  That 's got to include a sizable chunk of the audience , surely ? So smoldering hot that at one point she coolly sets fire to her tongue , Fox makes a convincing vixen , callously picking up victims whenever her luster begins to fade . It 's not hard to imagine she can have anyone who takes her fancy -- even Needy is not immune to her charms . Ironically , though , Jennifer is really the needy one here , while her friend eventually finds the self-possession to stand up to her . Similarly , you might come for Fox , but it 's Amanda Seyfried 's expressive range and toughness that leaves a more lasting impression . The "  Mamma Mia " starlet is destined for good things . iReport.com : Share your review of "  Jennifer 's Body " The bitingly smart , funny teen-speak is carried over from "  Juno , " along with sharp pop culture references and a sassy feminist attitude , but the million-dollar question has to be : Is it scary ? Only occasionally , I 'm afraid . The gore scenes come with weird little flourishes : Jennifer 's mounting body count attracts a crowd of curious woodland creatures , sounding a sweetly sick echo of "  Bambi , " and a climactic showdown is set in a spectacularly fetid abandoned swimming pool  do n't they drain those things ?  . But the jokiness does tend to undercut the terror . I suspect the film will prove too freaky for "  Juno " boosters , and could have used more straight-ahead scares and sustained suspense to appease the hardcore horror geeks . That said , this entertainingly oddball offering does twist fresh kinks into a genre that 's always crying out for new blood . "  Jennifer 's Body " is rated R and runs 102 minutes .	"  Jennifer 's Body " is a horror winner with doses of comedy , says Tom Charity Film stars Megan Fox as a cheerleader who turns demonic Amanda Seyfried , playing Fox 's friend , provides movie 's standout performance "  Jennifer 's Body " was written by "  Juno 's " Diablo Cody
London  CNN  -- A shooting on board the HMS Astute , a British nuclear submarine making a visit to Southampton , left one person dead and another critically wounded , authorities said Friday . One man was arrested after the shooting , said police , who were contacted by the Ministry of Defense about the incident . "  I am greatly saddened to hear of this tragic incident and of the death of a Royal Navy serviceman , " Defense Secretary Liam Fox said in a statement Friday . "  It is right and proper that a full police investigation is carried out and allowed to take its course . "  My thoughts and sympathies are with those who have been affected and their families . " No other details of the incident were immediately released . The Astute made headlines last year when it ran aground off the Isle of Skye , in northern Scotland , while doing sea trials . Its nuclear propulsion system was not damaged in the incident , and its reactor was declared safe , with no environmental impact . It was eventually pulled free and escorted back to port . The submarine can carry a mix of as many as 38 Spearfish heavyweight torpedoes and Tomahawk land-attack cruise missiles , according to the ministry .	NEW : "  Full police investigation " will be carried out , defense secretary says One man arrested in the shooting HMS Astute drew attention last year after it ran aground
CNN  -- Some reviewers have called "  Saving Private Ryan , " Steven Spielberg 's World War II film about D-Day and the search for a soldier , one of the greatest war movies . Military historian Antony Beevor begs to differ . Not only is it not the greatest war movie , it 's not even the best cinematic depiction of D-Day , says Beevor , author of the newly published "  D-Day : The Battle for Normandy "  Viking  . He admires the famed Omaha Beach opening -- "  Probably the most realistic battle sequence ever filmed , " he said -- but described the rest of "  Saving Private Ryan " as "  ghastly . " "  It 's sort of a ` Dirty Dozen ' cliche of the worst form , " he said . He has expanded on the criticism in a lecture . "  Spielberg 's basic story line had great potential . It shows the tension between patriotic and therefore collective loyalty , and the struggle of the individual for survival : those mutually contradictory pressures , which in many ways lie at the heart of war , " Beevor observed in the talk . If any filmmakers wish to take on D-Day again , Beevor 's book provides enough material for a dozen screenplays . Making use of first-person accounts stored in the National Archives , as well as a wealth of other material , Beevor depicts in painstaking detail not only the D-Day landings by American , British , Canadian and Free French forces , but also the subsequent battle for the whole of Normandy that proved pivotal in defeating Nazi Germany . Beevor says a director would do well to remember that the Allied effort to retake the continent extended well beyond that single day of June 6 , 1944 . "  D-Day , although an iconic moment , was not actually the end of it . Films like ` The Longest Day ' and ` Saving Private Ryan ' almost give the impression that D-Day was ` it ' and then the next thing people know about was the liberation of Paris , " he said . "  But in fact it was the fighting in Normandy which was far worse . Casualties on D-Day were far lighter than expected -- -LSB- military leaders -RSB- had expected 10,000 dead and only 3,000 died . "  The real fighting and the real casualties , " he added , "  came in the Battle of Normandy . " So what does Beevor prefer in the way of a Hollywood treatment of D-Day ? Another project Spielberg had a hand in , "  Band of Brothers . " "  On the whole I think -LSB- it -RSB- was pretty close to the truth , " Beevor said of the 2001 HBO miniseries , which Spielberg and Tom Hanks executive produced . He called it "  incomparably more realistic " than "  Saving Private Ryan . " "  The improvement was presumably due to the fact that it was a pretty faithful adaptation of the book by Stephen Ambrose , " he said . A major problem with "  Ryan , " Beevor said , is the climax of the film . "  The U.S. Air Force arrives in the nick of time just like the U.S. cavalry in 1950s cowboy films . And to cap it all , the final frames are of Pvt. Ryan , standing in old age amid the rows of white crosses in a military cemetery , saluting his fallen comrades as tears run down his cheeks . " That 's Spielberg "  milking our tear ducts with both hands , " Beevor said . But then again , the historian believes Hollywood is not well cast in the role of purveyor of history . "  The central problem is that historical truth and the needs of the movie and television industry remain fundamentally incompatible . Hollywood has to simplify World War II according to set formulae , " Beevor said in his lecture . "  Its films have to have heroes and of course baddies . There are seldom shades of gray . " Among WWII films , Beevor praises two from 2006 directed by Clint Eastwood  and produced by Spielberg  , "  Flags of Our Fathers " and "  Letters from Iwo Jima " . "  But they are the exception which proves the rule that you do not need to resort to the tricks , the false claims of truth and even the clichés of the platoon movie , " he said . And the best war movie ? Beevor looks away from Hollywood for his answer : 1965 's "  The 317th Platoon , " a French film set during that country 's war in Indochina .	Antony Beevor , author of new book on D-Day , not a fan of "  Saving Private Ryan " Beevor admires the opening , but calls the rest "  ghastly " Beevor 's pick for best Hollywood D-Day work : "  Band of Brothers "
CNN  -- Throughout my career , I 've been fortunate to have many different roles and responsibilities , serving as an international humanitarian ambassador , television host , model , actress and businesswoman . But the role that 's most fulfilling -- and the one that is most important to me -- is "  Mom . " First and foremost , as a parent , I welcomed the announcement that 92 mayors from across the United States have signed a letter supporting the Environmental Protection Agency 's safeguards against mercury . This is a brilliant testimony to the mayors ' understanding of the fundamental need for clean healthy air and water . Although I do my best to be sure my two sons grow up healthy , strong , independent and responsible , I can not control what is in the air they breathe . Right now , millions of kids across this country breathe in pollution pumped into the air by coal-fired power plants . This can impair a child 's development and cause asthma attacks , the No. 1 reason kids miss school . These plants are also the largest source of mercury , a potent brain poison that is linked to severe learning disabilities , developmental problems , and lower IQs . In 2010 , power plants emitted 66,050 pounds of toxin into the air . Mercury from coal-fired power plants rains down into our rivers , streams and oceans , where it can contaminate the fish we eat . Exposure to mercury is especially dangerous for pregnant women and young children . Because fish is a dietary staple for my family , this is a huge personal concern , but every family deserves the right to eat safe , healthy fish without worrying about toxic mercury . The good news is that last year , the Obama administration set historic mercury and air toxics standards to curb mercury pollution from new coal-fired power plants . These safeguards will cut mercury pollution from power plants by more than 90 % and dramatically reduce our kids ' exposure to mercury , as well as cancer-causing substances such as arsenic and chromium . Unacceptably , however , these landmark protections are under attack in Congress . On Wednesday , the Senate will vote on whether to overturn the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards . This shortsighted legislation goes so far that it would prevent the EPA from ever acting on this issue again . It has taken decades to finally get clean-air protections from mercury in place . We ca n't let Congress overturn them . By cleaning up or retiring coal plants and transitioning to clean , renewable energy sources such as wind and solar , we can protect our economy , create jobs and attain cleaner air for our families . Clean energy solutions are ready to go , and we have only just begun tapping their potential . In Germany , 10 % of all electricity last month was supplied by solar power , and Germany gets about the same amount of sunshine as Alaska . While here in the U.S. , more than 20 % of the energy being generated in the states of Iowa and South Dakota is already from wind . With the price of clean energy technologies coming down dramatically , this is the wrong time for our government to backtrack . As a recognizable face and voice , I 've been fortunate to have the opportunity to advocate for the health of women and children around the world , from Ukraine to Ghana . The United States is the last place I 'd expect to see politicians roll back public-health protections that are already in place . That 's why I 'm working with the Sierra Club to raise awareness and encourage people to take action by contacting their senators and asking them to support keeping the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards intact . Congress has the opportunity to be a part of the solution . It can protect our children 's health and our air and water . There 's no more important job than that . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Elle Macpherson .	Elle Macpherson : Coal-fired power plants largest source of mercury pollution , a brain poison Mercury tied to learning and developmental problems , asthma , lower IQs , she says Macpherson : After decades , EPA set mercury and toxin emission standards If Senate votes to kill limits , she says , water , air and kids will continue to be poisoned
CNN  -- The extraordinary new film "  12 Years a Slave " immerses us in the reality of historical slavery at a deep level of complexity and nuance . The film is an opportunity to honor all who were held in chattel slavery , treated like property , and subjected to levels of violence , torture , and control that no human should ever endure . The movie , directed by Steve McQueen , is also an opportunity to start a meaningful conversation about how prevalent slavery is today . Most of us believe that slavery in America disappeared over a century ago . In the narrative we 've learned , the Civil War , the Emancipation Proclamation , and the Thirteenth Amendment ended this horrific chapter in our nation 's history . But this narrative is simply wrong . Slavery may no longer be legal or accepted . Slavery may no longer be as brutal , as visible , or as blatant . But it 's time for us to fully absorb that slavery has been with us every day since the late 1800s . Solomon Northup , whose autobiography the film is based on , was a free man living with his family in Saratoga , New York , during the 1840s . He was deceived , coerced , drugged , kidnapped , and sold into slavery . His money and documents were taken . He was given a new name , and his true identity was suppressed . He was physically and psychologically tortured , enduring abuse for years and threatened with death if he tried to escape . The parallels to slavery today are striking . The control mechanisms used by Solomon 's recruiters and captors are the same tactics and stories we hear about daily from the people who reach out to us for help on the National Human Trafficking Resource Center hotline , which Polaris Project operates . The International Labor Organization estimates nearly 21 million people around the world are victims of modern slavery . . That 's 21 million people living in circumstances similar to those that drove Solomon Northup to despair . Modern slavery is the man who was promised a job on a farm to earn enough money to pay for his parents ' medical care , then forced to work long hours , intimidated with violence , and made to live in deplorable conditions in a cramped room with his co-workers . It 's the man working in a restaurant who was assaulted by his manager and threatened should he ever try to leave . Modern slavery is the 15-year-old girl who was romanced and recruited by a pimp , then raped , beaten , and sold online into the commercial sex trade . It 's the woman from South America held against her will in a house in the suburbs , paid only a fraction of the wages she was promised , and compelled to work as a domestic servant . These are only a glimpse into types of cases Polaris Project learns about every day -- cases right here in the United States . Human trafficking is a low-risk crime with high profits . The U.N. estimated it to be a $ 32 billion a year industry in 2005 , and many in the anti-trafficking field believe that number is outdated and too low . As ubiquitous and overwhelming as the global scale of modern slavery feels , we ca n't shy away from the enormity of the challenge to address it . One way to respond is to offer a lifeline : to provide that one moment that helps someone get out of slavery . For the millions of men , women , and children being trafficked , that moment of opportunity does n't need to take 12 years to arrive like it did for Solomon . With global telecommunications technologies , political will , and anti-slavery resources , help can be one phone call or one text away . All of us can help create that moment of opportunity : Learn about modern slavery and recognize its signs . Share the national hotline number and post fliers in places where vulnerable populations might see it . Report tips and relevant information about suspected slavery in your community by calling Polaris Project . Urge your elected leaders to pass stronger anti-slavery laws that crack down on traffickers and protect survivors . Support efforts nationally or in your community that are building a movement against modern slavery . We have a duty to learn from Solomon 's story and the horrors of historical slavery , to never let it happen again , and to mobilize for the 21 million victims of human trafficking still trapped in slavery . The opportunity to truly eradicate slavery is before us . Now let 's rise to the challenge and seize it . To reach Polaris Project , call 1-888-373-7888 or text BeFree  233733 The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Bradley Myles .	Bradley Myles : "  12 Years a Slave " movie reveals horrors of historical slavery in the U.S. Myles : Most of us believe slavery in America disappeared but it has never stopped Slaves include girls trafficked for sex , farm workers , domestic servants , he says Myles : We can recognize the signs of modern-day slavery and report them
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The latest 3-D animated movie involves the possible extinction of the human race and features a mad scientist with the head of a cockroach , a prehistoric half-ape/half-fish , a 50-foot-tall woman  OK , 49-foot-11  , and a blue brainless blob named B.O.B. . The Missing Link , Ginormica , the blue blob B.O.B. and Insectosaurus dominate "  Monsters vs. Aliens . " And they 're the good guys . Reese Witherspoon leads the cast of "  Monsters vs. Aliens , " providing the voice of Susan , who is hit by a glowing meteorite on her wedding day . Before long she 's grown into the biggest thing around . The short-statured Oscar winner relished the chance to play not only a giant , but also a role model . "  I was walking with my son and my daughter the other day , and I was like ` Who 's your favorite superhero ? ' " Witherspoon said . "  And my son was like ... ` Batman , Superman , Spiderman , ' and he could name 20 guy superheroes . "  And so I said to my daughter , ` Who 's your favorite superhero ? ' And she goes ' I do n't know , the girl in the back of the Justice League ? I ca n't remember her name . ' " So the idea of showcasing a female superhero , Witherspoon said , has the actress "  really excited . " Kiefer Sutherland , who plays General W.R. Monger , sees the film as helping kids embrace their diversity . "  I love the idea that they were gon na make a film that was going to tell young people that it 's all right to be different , " Sutherland said . His military veteran character captures Susan , renames her "  Ginormica , " and locks her up with the other "  monsters " he 's collected over half a century . "  And not only is it all right to be different , that one thing that may make you feel awkward about being different might be your greatest asset . " Those assets become apparent when an alien invader  voiced by Rainn Wilson of "  The Office "  decides he wants Earth , and the monsters -- Ginormica , Dr. Cockroach  "  House " star Hugh Laurie  , The Missing Link  Will Arnett  , and the gelatinous B.O.B.  Seth Rogen  -- are called upon to save the planet . The film , which also features the voices of Stephen Colbert and Paul Rudd , opens Friday . Most of the cast had previous experience in animation voiceover -- last year , Rogen was featured in "  Kung Fu Panda , " and he and Arnett were heard in "  Horton Hears A Who ! " -- but it was the first time for Wilson . "  They called me and they said ` They 're interested in you for this , playing an evil alien warlord , ' and I was like ` Where do I sign ? ' " he said with a chuckle . It was a welcome change of pace for Sutherland , who recorded his voice tracks for "  Monsters " while he was filming the uber-intense "  24 . " "  So , for five days a week I 'm very serious in the ' 24 ' world , and then for five hours on the weekend I got to be 5 years old and just play a cartoon character " -- a character he says he saw as a combination of R. Lee Ermey 's intense gunnery sergeant in "  Full Metal Jacket " and that ` toon terror , Yosemite Sam . "  We combined these voices and the producers laughed , which is generally a pretty good sign , " Sutherland said . Sutherland may have been inspired by the classics , but the 3-D aspect of "  Monsters " is as modern as movie technology gets . Under the command of DreamWorks Animation chief Jeffrey Katzenberg  whom Witherspoon and Sutherland respectfully called "  Mr. Katzenberg "  , the film was conceived from the beginning as a 3-D project . One early scene uses the process to bounce a paddleball out at the audience , but for the most part , the effect is used immersively , to bring viewers into the "  Monsters " world . "  You really feel like you 're there , like you 're a part of this thing , " said Arnett , "  not in a way that 's gratuitous and to just sort of show off , but really so that the viewer can be an active participant in the movie . " While film technology continues to advance , some things never change . As Susan is still trying to get used to her new size and powers , she finds herself simultaneously battling an alien robot and trying to save dozens of people trapped in their cars on the Golden Gate Bridge while her male cohorts mostly just stand around . One tries to encourage her by calling "  You 're doing it ! " to which Susan snaps back , "  I 'm doing everything ! " "  The quintessential cry ! " Witherspoon said . "  The female war cry ! That 's one of my favorite lines . " iReport.com : Does 3-D make you more likely to see a movie ? Of course , it 's hardly a spoiler to reveal that -- eventually -- Susan not only bonds with the rest of her motley crew , but also gains the self-confidence to see the positives in her accidental enormousness . As Wilson , the film 's villain , noted , "  It 's a coming-of-age tale -- for the monster inside of each one of us . " And , perhaps , it will give some little girls a superhero to look up to .	"  Monsters vs. Aliens " is about motley group of misfits who team up to defeat alien Monsters are led by almost 50-foot woman , voiced by Reese Witherspoon Witherspoon says she hopes character can be role model for girls Other actors lending talents : Seth Rogen , Kiefer Sutherland , Will Arnett
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic stretched his unbeaten run to 16 matches as the World No. 1 was joined in the semifinals in Dubai by five-time winner and defending championRoger Federer Thursday . Djokovic has been in imperious form at the hard court event and was never troubled by quarterfinal opponent Andreas Seppi of Italy , winning 6-0 6-3 in 64 minutes . Federer was equally impressive against Russian veteran Nikolay Davdenko , dropping just four games in a straight sets romp . But they face much tougher tests in the last four clashes Friday , with Djokovic playing in-form fourth seed Juan Martin del Potro of Argentina and Federer taking on third ranked Tomas Berdych , who beat him in the quarterfinals of the U.S. Open last year . It is the first time in the history of the 20-year-old Dubai Open that all top four seeds have reached the semifinals and del Potro and Berdych were largely untroubled in their last eight clashes . Del Potro outclassed World No. 97 Daniel Brands 6-4 6-2 while Berdych overpowered Russian wild card Dmitry Tursunov 6-3 6-2 in just over an hour . Australian Open champion Djokovic 's streak dates back to November last year , but he knows he will have to be on top of his game against del Potro , who won in Rotterdam earlier this month . "  Delpo is a very talented player , very powerful from the baseline and with a big service . We know everything about each other , it 's going to be a tough one and I need to be on top of my game , " he told the official ATP website . World No. 2 Federer knows formidable Czech Berdych will offer a difficult test as he bids fora place in the final and his 77th career title . "  He 's obviously a good player . He 's got amazing power , one of the strongest guys out there on tour . We 'll see tomorrow how it goes . I have n't seen him play at all here this tournament . I need to just focus on my game , " said the Swiss . In Federer 's favor may be the tough schedule of his opponent , who had to fly from Marseille where he lost to Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France in Sunday 's final . Tsonga also made the long trip , but exited in the first round to fellow Frenchman Michael Llodra .	Novak Djokovic continues 2013 winning streak Australian Open champion in Dubai semifinals to face Juan Martin del Potro Five time champion Roger Federer also through in fine style Swiss maestro to play Tomas Berdych in the last four
CNN  -- Early Sunday , a massive fire at the Kiss nightclub in southern Brazil killed more than 200 people . Nightclub infernos have claimed hundreds of lives over the years . Here are some of the worst in recent memory : Are you there ? Share photos , videos August 2012 A fire that swept through a popular nightclub on the Thai island of Phuket killed four people early August 17 . December 2009 Fireworks triggered a fire and panic on December 5 , 2009 , at a nightclub in Perm , Russia , killing 156 people . The commercial director of the facility , who was accused of ignoring safety measures , fled Russia to Spain , where he was arrested in September of the following year . 3 arrested in deadly Brazil nightclub fire January 2009 Fireworks shot off at a birthday party at a Latin-style bar and restaurant in Changle City in China 's Fujian province sparked a fire that claimed 15 lives on January 31 , 2009 . January 2009 A fire at Bangkok 's upscale Santika nightclub broke out while about 1,000 revelers were ringing in the new year . Sixty-four people died in the fire , which led to the arrest of the nightclub 's owner . Opinion : We have n't learned from past mistakes April 2008 Fourteen concertgoers died in a fire sparked by fireworks that were part of a show at a nightclub in Quito , Ecuador , on April 19 , 2008 . December 2004 A December 30 , 2004 , deadly nightclub fire killed 194 people in Argentina 's capital , Buenos Aires . Nearly five years later , the country 's Court of Justice sentenced the club owner to 20 years in prison . February 2003 In perhaps the most widely known nightclub tragedy over the past decade , 100 people died in a fire sparked by pyrotechnics used by the heavy metal band Great White at a nightclub in West Warwick , Rhode Island , on February 21 , 2003 . Echoes of the past : Rhode Island victims ` ca n't help but watch ' December 2002 The cause of the December 1 , 2002 fire that killed 47 people in Caracas , Venezuela , never became clear -- firefighters said it could have started in the kitchen , or an electrical short circuit . Many of the victims died of smoke inhalation inside the club . July 2002 A celebration marking the two-month anniversary of the Utopia club in Lima , Peru , ended in the deaths of 28 people on July 20 , 2002 . Authorities said the Utopia club had no license to operate , no sprinklers and poorly marked exits . December 2000 A blaze broke out at a dance hall on Christmas Day in the central city of Luoyang , China , killing 309 people . Most of the victims were revelers suffocated by smoke . Be ready for emergency at a crowded public gathering	A massive fire at the Kiss nightclub in southern Brazil killed more than 200 people on Sunday Nightclub infernos have claimed hundreds of lives over the years In 2009 fireworks triggered a fire and panic at a nightclub in Perm , Russia , killing 156 people
CNN  -- A Japanese operator of Boeing 's 787 Dreamliners said it suffered a "  minor " setback while conducting a test flight of an aircraft this month . All Nippon Airways , the Japanese airline that is the largest operator of Boeing 's beleaguered Dreamliner , said an electric distribution panel overheated and blackened during a 787 test flight recently . The May 4 test flight landed safely , and the cause of the "  minor " incident was that a nut was not properly tightened during maintenance by Boeing workers , said Megumi Tezuka of All Nippon Airways . A Boeing spokeswoman said : "  We are aware of the event , which was resolved quickly as noted by ANA . " Both companies said the issue did not involve overheating lithium batteries , an issue that prompted the Federal Aviation Administration to ground all Dreamliners in January . Boeing has been working to retrofit the 50 Dreamliners it delivered before the grounding with a battery fix since January . ANA , the largest customer for the Dreamliner with 17 of the planes already delivered , announced this month it plans to return its fleet of Dreamliners to service on June 1 . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Japanese company blames issue on Boeing Boeing says it is aware of the issue , which was caused during maintenance Both companies say it is not related to the battery issue that grounded Dreamliners
CNN  -- The animal kingdom is full of big beasts , but it 's the graceful nature of the horse which speaks loudest on the artist 's canvas . From the dawn of time , the horse has evoked passion and wonder amongst humans since its image was scrawled against the walls of caves . It has inspired novels , starred in films and has become the darling of the art world with collectors spending millions of dollars every year . Grace "  Personally , I can not think of any animal more artistically stimulating than the horse , its grace , power and speed , are all begging to be captured in pencil , paint or clay , " Society of Equestrian Arts chairwoman Deborah Burt told CNN . "  The horse is strong , yet fragile ; it has the potential for danger , whilst capable of being incredibly gentle . "  You can echo it 's elegance through the fashions of Ascot or surrounding the polo field . It can be found in the wildest locations , from the vast expanses of the American plains  Remington  to the shady woodland of England 's New Forest . "  I have been drawing horses since I could hold a pencil , and will do so until the day I die . More than any other animal , the horse is equally capable of taking the lead in your artwork , or as a supporting role . It 's the perfect muse . " Stubbs If Burt has been seduced , so too was the 18th Century painter George Stubbs , who captured the beauty of the horse in a way that transcended the work of other artists of his generation . Initially fascinated by the anatomical structure of the animal , Stubbs built upon his early sketch work before moving onto painting large canvases such as his renowned ` Whistlejacket ' which was finished in 1762 . The publication of his work , "  The Anatomy of the Horse " in 1766 enabled him to capture the elegant nature of the animal with a skill that few others possessed . His work won him plenty of admirers and after settling in London in 1758 , Stubbs began to paint for the English aristocracy . In his book , "  The Anatomist Anatomis 'd - an Experimental Discipline in Enlightenment Europe , " Andrew Cunningham explains the development of Stubbs ' style . "  His dedication to the skeletal and muscular anatomy of the horse certainly enabled Stubbs to produce much more life like portrayals of horses , especially with respect to their musculature than had been achieved even by the great masters of painting , " Cunningham wrote . "  No one portrayed horses so accurately before . In this he was more true to nature , as he wished to be . " Dollar signs Modern collectors scramble to get their hands on anything painted by Stubbs and in July 2011 , his "  Gimcrack on Newmarket Heath , with Trainer , a Stable-Lad , and a Jockey " sold for $ 35.9 million making it the third most valuable old master painting to be sold at auction by Christie 's . Gimcrack , one of the most famous and iconic racehorses of the 18th Century , won 28 of his 36 races , coming home unplaced just once . The painting showed Gimcrack twice -- in the foreground being rubbed down by a stable lad and also in the background where he was winning a "  trial . " "  When Stubbs came along he took it to another level as he had an anatomical interest in horses and drew the muscle structure , " Brandon Lindberg of Christie 's , the world 's leading art business , told CNN . "  In terms of looking at Britain , the painting of horses became more popular in 17th Century and the restoration of British monarchy and Charles II building a palace in Newmarket . "  It followed the growth of interest in racing and was also tied in to the interest in hunting , particularly stag hunting in the 17th Century and then fox hunting in the 18th Century . "  It became an allied art -- a recording of human interest for the sport . " Cave time Thousands of years before Stubbs was painting , the horse had been visualized in the Palaeolithic cave images which adorn the walls of the the Lascaux Caves in south west France . "  It 's the most paintable subject in animal world , " renowned artist Terence J. Gilbert told CNN . "  The horse is such a beautiful animal to and is an inspiration to all . "  With a race horse , it has so many variations in form , in color and style . " Gilbert began his work as an illustrator before moving onto painting . As a young boy , he would accompany his father to race tracks across southern England and it was there that his love affair with horses began . Since then , he has painted some of the most famous and iconic horses in history such as Denman , Kauto Star and Yeats , while he was also recently commissioned to paint Queen Elizabeth II during her visit to Coolmore Stables in Ireland . Classic "  A classic painting can take anything from two to three weeks with Gilbert currently working on a painting of the Queen 's Ascot Gold Cup winner Estimate . "  It is the movement of the horse which interests me , " he added . "  You paint every aspect in the way you can and you make it perfect . It 's difficult to do that with a photograph . "  In a photo , you might get one part of it that looks great but another which is n't as good . With a painting , it 's possible to make it all perfect . " For some , such as Michelle McCullagh , the opportunity to capture the horse during the gallop at the racecourse is one of the most fascinating aspects of her work . . "  A large , lush field full of thoroughbred mares and foals basking in the sunlight is heavenly to see , " she said . "  To be there , with them , drawing , adds to the very special experience . Yet there is nothing more exciting and challenging , than to be stood at the side of the gallops or at the race course , where the atmosphere is so diverse . "  There is always something for the artist -- a shining horse being washed off , walking round the paddock , jockeys jumping on , spooky , skittish horses , exhausted horses and with the fit thoroughbred , so much of the anatomy is there to see . It is excellent . I love it . "	The horse has inspired paintings , novels and films Artists have been capturing the image of the horse for centuries George Stubbs painting sold for $ 35.9 million in 2011 Stubbs is renowned for his paintings of horses
Still mired in the worst economic crisis since its founding , the European Union will receive its Nobel Peace Prize at a ceremony on Monday in Oslo , Norway . The three presidents of the EU 's main bodies will take the podium together to accept it . The Norwegian Nobel Committee announced the choice on October 12 , praising the partnership of 27 nations for promoting democracy and reconciliation since World War II . But the choice has not been without controversy . Within the EU , disparities have persisted between economically strong members -- such as Germany , which has fronted European bailout money -- and economically weaker countries like Greece , suffering from strict austerity measures and crushing unemployment . Three Nobel laureates called the award to the EU "  unlawful " in a letter of protest in late November . The Union does not qualify as a peacemaker as defined by the prize 's founder , Alfred Nobel , said Archbishop Desmond Tutu , Mairead Maguire and Adolfo Perez Esquivel . "  The EU is not seeking to realize Nobel ´ s demilitarized global peace order , " they wrote . They asked the Nobel board "  to clarify that it can not and will not pay the prize from its funds . " European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso , EU Council president Herman Van Rompuy and European Parliament president Martin Schulz will represent the 500 million citizens of the union at the ceremony at Oslo City Hall . The EU will allocate the 8 million kronor  $ 1.2 million  prize money to support educational projects for children in conflict regions and will add to the sum to more than double it , according to a statement on the EU website . The projects are to include providing for protective spaces for children , raising awareness about land mines , and the re-establishment of school systems when conflicts end . In its announcement in October , the Nobel Committee said that the EU "  for over six decades contributed to the advancement of peace and reconciliation , democracy and human rights in Europe . " It singled out the peaceful reconciliation between Germany and France -- an amity forged between neighbors who fought each other last century . "  Since 1945 , that reconciliation has become a reality , " the committee said in a statement . "  Today , war between Germany and France is unthinkable . " The committee also focused on the spread of democracy to newer member nations . "  In the 1980s , Greece , Spain and Portugal joined the EU . The introduction of democracy was a condition for their membership , " the committee said . All three countries saw dictatorships in the 20th century , even after World War II . It cited progress in peace made by EU candidate nations , such as the former Yugoslav republics . "  We have to keep in mind that there are not so many years ago since people on this part of Europe killed each other -- awful wars , " said committee chairman Thorbjorn Jagland , referring to the warfare in Bosnia , Kosovo and Croatia . But in the Balkans , the award has been greeted with a great degree of skepticism . By failing to take a united position at the very earliest stages of the crisis , the EU is widely considered to have contributed to the bloody events that followed . At the same time , its failure to respond more decisively to the conflict once it had broken out is seen by many to have cost tens of thousands of lives , wrote political researcher James Ker-Lindsay of Eurobank EFG in a commentary for CNN . In the face of widespread fear of growing instability , the prize has been seen by many as a pat on the back for the struggling EU . "  The award by the Nobel Committee shows that in these difficult times the European Union remains a force of inspiration for countries and people all over the world and that our global community needs a strong European Union , " said Barroso . This year 's winner was picked from 231 different nominations -- 43 for organizations and the rest for individuals , the Nobel Committee said . Other large organizations have won the Nobel Peace Prize , including the United Nations , Doctors Without Borders , U.N. peacekeeping forces , the U.N. atomic energy agency and the International Campaign to Ban Landmines .	Three past laureates have protested the choice of the EU for the peace prize Three presidents of the EU 's governing bodies will accept the prize The Norwegian Nobel Committee pointed to lasting peace between Germany and France There are enormous economic disparities between EU member countries
CNN  -- The U.S. Attorney 's Office said it is not confirming or denying reports that Jared Loughner will plead guilty in last year 's shooting rampage outside a Tucson , Arizona , supermarket . The attack killed six people and wounded 13 others , including then-U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords . On Saturday night , the Los Angeles Times and the Wall Street Journal reported that Loughner , 23 , is now mentally competent to understand the charges against him and that a status hearing on his competency , scheduled for Tuesday morning , will now be a change-of-plea hearing . The Los Angeles Times attributed the information to "  knowledgeable sources , " while the Wall Street Journal said its source was an "  official familiar with the case . " "  I can neither confirm or deny the reports in the L.A. Times and other media about the Loughner case , " Bill Solomon , spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Arizona , told CNN when asked about the reports late Saturday night . Asked if his office planned to issue a comment Monday , Solomon said , there was "  nothing planned at this time . " The attack took place during a January 8 , 2011 , meet-and-greet event for Giffords . Among those killed was Arizona 's chief federal judge , John Roll . Giffords , who was shot in the head , stepped down from her position in Congress in January 2012 in order to focus on her recovery . Ron Barber , an aide also wounded in the attack , now holds the seat . Loughner was facing the possibility of a death sentence if convicted . However , a plea deal -- if one is in the works -- may mean that he would admit guilt in exchange for a lengthy prison sentence . Prosecutors have said that Loughner , who spent time on suicide watch , suffers from schizophrenia . His mental condition has been central to much of the related court proceedings since the mass shooting . In February , a federal judge ruled Loughner could receive medical treatment for another four months . A psychologist found "  measurable progress " in the suspect 's condition . The medical treatment plan for Loughner was aimed at improving his mental state so he will be competent to stand trial . Loughner was declared incompetent to stand trial in May 2011 after an initial evaluation term at a federal mental hospital in Springfield , Missouri . In July 2011 , bizarre and suicidal actions by Loughner while in custody pushed a federal appeals panel to allow authorities to force the defendant to take anti-psychotic medication . Prosecutors said then that Loughner had been deteriorating : He displayed screaming and crying fits that lasted hours , harmed himself and made claims that the radio was inserting thoughts into his head . His attorneys consistently fought court rulings that Loughner continue his treatment at the hospital . In November , defense attorney Ellis Johnston argued before a different federal judge that the side effects of the psychotropic drugs his client had been receiving during his court-ordered treatment may interfere with Loughner 's ability to work with his attorneys . But Assistant U.S. Attorney Christina Cabanillas said that Loughner "  could revert to being a danger to himself " if the medication were halted . Court documents released a few days after the shooting showed that investigators found a letter from Giffords in a safe at the house where Loughner lived with his parents , thanking him for attending a 2007 event . "  Also recovered in the safe was an envelope with handwriting on the envelope stating ' I planned ahead , ' and ` my assassination ' and the name ` Giffords , ' along with what appears to be Loughner 's signature , " the affidavit stated . CNN 's Shawn Nottingham and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	The reports say a competency hearing will now be a change-of-plea hearing The January 2011 attack kills 6 and wounds 13 Loughner 's mental condition has been central to the court proceedings
CNN -- Basketball star Kobe Bryant has revealed his love of soccer while doing charity work in South Africa during the 2010 World Cup . The five-time NBA champion told CNN that he was introduced to the sport while living in Italy as a child . Bryant , who helped the Los Angeles Lakers retain their NBA crown this month , moved to Europe when he was six after his father Joe "  Jelly Bean " Bryant decided to play professional basketball in Italy . The Philadelphia-born Bryant , who speaks fluent Italian and Spanish , grew up supporting Serie A giants AC Milan , with his favorite player being former Dutch striker Marco van Basten . "  AC Milan was always my favorite team growing up , " he said . "  It actually started in Italy when I used to go to the basketball courts to play by myself and you used to have the little goalposts underneath the basket . "  I 'd show up wanting to play basketball and there would be 12 kids waiting to have a match . "  They just put me in goal because I had these long arms and long legs , and I just had to stop everything that came my way . "  Then as months went on , they finally let me out on the field a little bit . " With the World Cup well under way in South Africa , Bryant took time out to visit a new football center in Soweto during his first visit to the continent . The center provides a football life skills program to 20,000 children in South Africa each year , offering them the chance to develop their talent . South Africa has the world 's largest HIV-positive population and so , more importantly , the program will also give the children access to a HIV/AIDS education which involves counseling and testing . Speaking to CNN 's Pedro Pinto , the NBA star said that sportsmen have an important role off the field in helping to inspire future champions around the world . "  It 's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for me to come and see the World Cup and to come and see South Africa , " he said . "  Even though I 'm a basketball player , the messages remain the same because I was a kid just like they were -- it 's all about accomplishing the dream . "  I think it 's only right and it 's important that once you 've reached a certain level you give back and you help the next generation of players and kids accomplish their goals too . " Bryant continues to prosper on the basketball court after his Lakers team won a 17th title this year , defeating the Boston Celtics 4-3 in the finals . When asked to compare the Lakers ' most recent title with his previous four , Bryant said this year 's triumph was his favorite . "  It 's the top , because it was so hard to get , " he said . "  We really had to work extremely hard . The championship is about how guys come together as a group to accomplish a goal . "	Basketball star Kobe Bryant grew up in Italy supporting Serie A giants AC Milan Five-time NBA winner visited football center in Soweto hoping to inspire future sports stars American says the Lakers ' recent series win against the Celtics is their best yet
New York  CNN  -- Staring down a smoking homemade bomb and dismantling it is dangerous enough . Doing it with news cameras rolling on a busy Saturday night in the middle of Times Square is something Det. Patrick LaScala of the New York Police Department swears never entered his mind . Until the following day . "  You 're home the next day , and you 're really thinking about it . Then , you start to put the pieces together and you think , ` Wow , ' " LaScala said in an exclusive interview . LaScala was manipulating the police robot that laid the groundwork for one of his partners , Det. Raymond Clair . "  This was the first time that I went down on a vehicle , and I saw clocks and wires and gas and propane . I identified it as a bomb , and I had to look twice , " Clair said . After 13 years as a bomb tech , that night was the one Clair says he 'll remember the most . Clair and LaScala are part of New York 's elite bomb squad , a unit whose size is a closely guarded secret . CNN was given special access to the unit in order to find out what a more typical day can be like . During one recent 16-hour shift , I watched the same five-man team who worked the bungled bomb plot in Times Square check their equipment , catch up on paperwork and make sure Dan-O , their explosives-sniffing dog , was raring to go . The K-9 is named for a member of the squad who died in the 9/11 attacks when one of the twin towers collapsed . On a busy side street outside their Manhattan offices , neighbors watched them go through their paces with the robot . "  We think they 're great , " one man said . Another passerby snapped a picture of the robot with her cell phone . "  Is that the robot that checks out bombs ? " she asked . It was . But robots , as sophisticated as they are , can only do so much . They 're capable of blowing out windows , blasting a suspicious package to bits , photographing an object from several angles and sending those images to investigators . The squad does n't want to publicize more specific details . Still , a human touch often ca n't be avoided . With help , bomb techs first crawl into an 85-pound protective suit that covers their bodies from head to toe . The feet nearly look like those of a platypus , the material is stiff and hot , and the chest plate is heavy . A helmet is cinched on around the neck , and an air hose keeps outside air flowing into the mask . Put on gloves , and it 's hard to imagine that anyone in such bulky gear could maneuver and dismantle possible bomb components . But that 's what they 're trained to do . "  The more you do , and the more you get involved , the better you 'll get when it 's the real thing , " Clair said . Det. Greg Abbate also was there for the "  real thing " in Times Square . He said his training kicked in . "  There 's a strong bond between us . We go to a job , there 's very little talk . Everyone knows what they have to do , " he said . Despite the immense dangers associated with the work , whenever the unit checks out a suspicious package , bomb technicians jockey for the opportunity to suit up . "  We actually have arguments over who 's taking the job , " added Abbate . When CNN traveled with them on a call , it was Abbate 's turn to wear the gear . The bomb squad was called to check out a backpack found in a park near a police headquarters checkpoint . The team sped to the scene with sirens screaming . Other units ringed the perimeter . X-rays were taken . Abbate moved in . This time , he determined that this time , there was nothing to it . Sgt. John Ryan said it 's necessary to assume the worst until the team moves in . "  Everything is a bomb until we say it 's not a bomb , " said Ryan . The days are long , but the men say they feel "  blessed " to be part of the bomb squad . They laugh when people suggest they must be a little crazy to do such a dangerous job . "  It 's an honor , " LaScala said . And it never gets old . "  At the end of the day , it 's just one day down and a lot more to go , " said Det. Mike Garcia . CNN producers Julian Cummings and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	CNN visits the bomb squad that handled the recent Times Square incident Det. Greg Abbate : "  There 's a very strong bond between us " Despite the dangers , squad members eager to be the one to suit up when a call comes in
London , England  CNN  -- Who are the greatest feminist film characters ? Buffy the Vampire Slayer ? G.I. Jane ? Catwoman ? What about an astrophysicist ? If it was up to Academy Award-winning actor Natalie Portman , our feminine heroines would n't be limited to ass-kicking wonder women . They could even be -- wait for it -- nerdy scientists . The 32-year-old star of Hollywood blockbuster "  Thor : The Dark World , " hopes her role as astrophysicist love interest Jane Foster will encourage a new generation of young women to enter the sciences -- much like "  Star Wars ' " Princess Leia is believed to have done over three decades ago . WATCH : Marvel and Portman make science cool "  It 's really cool that Marvel -- the comic company behind the Thor series -- is working on what they call STEM : science , technology , engineering and math , " Portman told CNN in an interview in London , ahead of the premiere this week . "  Women are underrepresented in those fields so they are trying to encourage girls to study them more , because obviously there 's no reason why they should n't be . " "  And that 's really exciting because that 's exactly what you want with these kinds of movies . They 're big and they 're fun and if you can have a little bit of impact on a young girl seeing them and saying ` wait , that 's possible too , ' then that would be really cool . " While the original "  Thor " comic book portrayed the superhero 's sweetheart , Jane Foster , as a nurse , the character has been reinvented as a scientist for the big screen . Could Portman become the new role model for female scientists , much like Jodie Foster as astrophysicist Ellie Arroway in 1997 film "  Contact " , or Sigourney Weaver as zoologist Dian Fossey in 1988 drama "  Gorillas in the Mist " , or even sci-fi hero Carrie Fisher as Princess Leia in the "  Star Wars " series ? She certainly hopes so . For Portman , feminist characters are n't necessarily the ones who keep up with the boys -- they come in all shapes and sizes . "  The fallacy in Hollywood is that if you 're making a ` feminist ' story , the woman kicks ass and wins , " she told Elle UK in the magazine 's November 2013 issue . "  That 's not feminist , that 's macho . A movie about a weak , vulnerable woman can be feminist if it shows a real person that we can empathize with . " Featuring Australian actor Chris Hemsworth as Thor , the crown prince of Asgard , the second installment of the film tells the story of an otherworldly superhero who has been exiled from his homeland to Earth . "  At the beginning of Thor 2 , Jane Foster is really focused on her scientific inquiries . Thor has been missing in action for a couple years , has n't called , has n't written , " explains Portman . "  She 's seen him on TV in New York and he has n't made contact so she 's pretty angry at him . But she 's just trying to move on with her life and that 's where we find her , " added the mother-of-one , who reportedly watched "  Physics for Dummies " , to prepare for the role . French feeling Born in Jerusalem , the only child of her American film agent mother and Israeli fertility specialist father , Portman moved to the U.S. at three years old , eventually settling in New York . As a youngster she attended theater camp and entered science fairs , until at age 11 she scored her big break as a gun-toting orphan in English-speaking French film "  Leon : The Professional " . Decades before Chloe Moretz appeared as a 13-year-old hitgirl in 2010 action film "  Kick-Ass " , Portman was targeting her own bad guys in the 1994 thriller which launched her career . Almost 20 years later , Portman , who won an Academy Award in 2011 for her portrayal of a disturbed ballerina in Darren Aronofsky film "  Black Swan " , may again be returning to French cinema . It was on the "  Black Swan " set that she undertook a year of training with future husband , French dancer and choreographer Benjamin Millepied . The pair now have a two-year-old son , Aleph . "  Well I hope I 'll be able to work in French cinema , that will depend on what people will hire me for , " said the actor who speaks French , Hebrew , and German . "  I think I 'd probably need to work on my French a little , but I 'd be happy to try . A little Jean Seberg kind of accented French , " she added , referring to the 1960s American-born screen siren . Women in cinema Portman , who in 2008 served as the youngest member of the 61st Annual Cannes Film Festival jury , added that she would like to see more female filmmakers and pointed to directors Sarah Polley , Lena Dunham and Sofia Coppola as inspirations . "  You still really see that the majority of American filmmakers and writers are predominantly male . Which is great , I want men to keep making movies , but I 'd love for there to be more female voices as well . And of course it influences the kind of material you read because the stories that a male perspective has , the way women figure into it , is very different , " she said . "  You get a lot of girlfriends and muses and shrews . And every once in a while there 's a magic moment where there 's a really interesting perspective . My hope would be that they widen the access to women , and women are more inspired and encouraged to take on those kinds of roles . " Portman , who has a degree in psychology from Harvard University , also pointed to the defined gender roles on set : "  You do n't see female directors of photography , you do n't see female technical crew members . Usually they 're more on the hair and makeup , and wardrobe side . "  And it 's more common to have all of the grips and gaffers and electric and camera , to be entirely male , which is just interesting . " If Portman has her way though , there wo n't just be more females on film sets -- but in science laboratories as well .	Natalie Portman says new role in ` Thor : The Dark World ' could encourage female scientists Academy Award winner and mother-of-one may turn to French cinema Israeli-born American wants more female directors , fan of Lena Dunham , Sofia Coppola
Juan Andres Palese says he 's a frustrated entrepreneur . His business , the sale of products for growing and processing marijuana , has always been in a legal limbo in Uruguay , his country . Legally speaking , it 's a complicated and risky situation . Selling accessories for the cultivation of cannabis is legal , but the production , sale and distribution of marijuana are not . "  It would be fantastic , " Palese says , "  if we could also have access to the market of consumers . " The dream of the Montevideo resident is about to come true . The Uruguayan Senate is scheduled to vote Tuesday on a controversial bill that would make the small South American country the first in Latin America to legalize marijuana . The bill was approved by the lower house of parliament in July with 50 out of 96 votes . It also has the support of President Jose Mujica . The bill has generated international headlines because , if approved , the Uruguayan government would have the authority to regulate the production , distribution and sale of marijuana . The legislation also has the support of the Broad Front , Mujica 's party . Approval is widely expected . "  More than anything , it 's going to give me peace about growing what I like , which is marijuana . That 's what I like to consume . It would give me the peace of mind of not having legal troubles for something that should not be illegal , " Palese says . The bill rests on the premise that if "  the state assumes the control and regulation of the activities of importation and exportation , sowing , growing , harvesting , producing ... storing , commercializing and distributing , " then the ills of drug trafficking would be greatly reduced and the quality of the plants improved , benefiting patients and putting drug traffickers out of business . The bill would allow individuals to grow up to six plants of marijuana and possess as much as 480 grams for personal use . Marijuana clubs of anywhere from 15 to 45 members would also be allowed and granted permission to grow up to 99 plants at a time . Users would have to register , and those claiming to use cannabis for medical reasons would have to show a doctor 's prescription . Marijuana would also be sold at licensed pharmacies . But many in the traditionally Catholic country of 3.3 million people feel legislators are espousing the wrong policy for the wrong reasons . Alfredo Solari , an opposition senator from the Colorado Party , says making marijuana widely available has the potential to create even higher levels of addiction . "  It 's a very bad piece of legislation , mainly because it increases the availability of marijuana in the market . There will be a legal market that can be accessed by most Uruguayans . But there will also be a parallel illegal market for all of those who ca n't get marijuana legally , " Solari said . Proponents of the bill say the legislation addresses some of the concerns expressed by the opposition . For one , violators of the law would face sentences of 20 months to 10 years in prison . Those younger than 18 would not be allowed to use marijuana under any circumstances . The legislation also calls for mandatory classes in public schools aimed at drug prevention , and advertising of cannabis in any form would be strictly forbidden . Luis Gallo , a senator with the Broad Front Party , which supports the bill , said current drug policy , which rests solely on law enforcement and prohibition , has produced no results . "  This is about regulating drugs . It 's does n't mean that it 's a free-for-all , but it does n't mean prohibition either . It means regulation has to work to reduce the risks and harmful effects of drug consumption , " Gallo said . In an interview with CNN en Espanol , Mujica suggested in September that when it comes to drug trafficking , the trafficking part is usually more harmful than the drug itself , especially when it comes to marijuana . "  We would like to identify those who consume  marijuana  , take them out of the shadows and offer to them a regulated opportunity to consume  the drug  so that they do n't have to depend on drug traffickers . We want to take away the market from drug traffickers by competing with them , " Mujica said . Supporters of the bill launched a national campaign called "  Responsible Regulation . " The campaign produced public service announcements in which a doctor , a mother and an attorney suggest it makes sense for Uruguayans to support the law . Once the bill gains approval , there will be a 120-day period to give the government time to adopt regulations to implement the law .	Bill to legalize pot widely expected to pass in Tuesday vote It would give Uruguayan government authority to regulate production and distribution Supporters say it will put drug traffickers out of business Opponents say it 's dangerous because it will make more marijuana available
Boston  CNN  -- Accused Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should be allowed to view autopsy photos of the attack 's victims and meet with his sister without being watched by the FBI , a federal judge said Wednesday . Prosecutors had asked U.S. District Judge George O'Toole to keep Tsarnaev "  from personally reviewing autopsy photographs of victims " other than those the government plans to use at his trial , set for November . Letting him see the rest "  would violate the victims ' rights to dignity and privacy and subject them to needless harm and suffering , " they wrote . The photos are already covered by a protective order in the case . Also , the government 's request did n't apply to Tsarnaev 's lawyers , who have had access to the pictures . But defense attorneys refused to accept any restrictions , calling the request unprecedented and unwarranted , and O'Toole agreed . Tsarnaev , now 20 , is accused of planting the bombs at the finish line of the 2013 race along with his brother Tamerlan , who was killed during the manhunt that paralyzed Boston . The city marked the anniversary of the attacks on Tuesday , pausing to remember the three people who died and more than 200 who were wounded , many of whom lost limbs . The trial is set for early November , with the government seeking the death penalty . Defense lawyers are expected to argue Tsarnaev was under the "  domination and control " of his brother . Tsarnaev was not in court for Wednesday 's proceedings . O'Toole also said meetings between Tsarnaev and his sister should n't be subject to monitoring by investigators , though he held off on issuing a final order on the matter . Tsarnaev lawyer David Bruck argued that letting federal agents monitor their conversation would intrude on the defense . "  The decision to take the most casual remarks , an ironic comment , and provide it to the prosecution ... becomes ammunition on the death penalty , " Bruck said . If the charges against Tsarnaev are true , he said , "  This is about a family , " and lawyers should be allowed to observe the relationship between the siblings without interference . Assistant U.S. Attorney Nadine Pellegrini argued that defense lawyers were trying to combine a legal visit with a social one . O'Toole said he did n't think there was a security issue involved and he was inclined to grant the defense request , but did n't issue a formal ruling . CNN 's Ronni Berke reported from Boston ; Matt Smith reported and wrote from Atlanta .	Prosecutors ask to keep Dzhokhar Tsarnaev from viewing autopsy photos Letting the bomb suspect see them would cause "  needless harm and suffering , " they argue Defense lawyers call those restrictions unwarranted , and a judge agrees
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal 's "  King of Clay " crown may have slipped a little this year , but the world No. 1 is not giving up his reign without a fight . Having suffered shock quarterfinal defeats in his former strongholds of Monte Carlo and Barcelona , the Spanish tennis star rallied to retain his Madrid title -- and on Friday he battled back from the brink of defeat in Rome to reach the semifinals . Two-time defending champion Nadal overcame Andy Murray in three sets , having been thrashed in the opener and then trailed 4-2 in the decider before prevailing 1-6 3-6 7-5 in two hours and 40 minutes . As a measure of his recent struggles , it was the first time since 2005 that Nadal had been taken the distance in three consecutive matches on his favorite surface at the same tournament . Murray , seeking to regain the form that took him to second in the rankings , had been poised for his first win over Nadal on clay but the seventh-seeded Brit ultimately failed to press home his advantage . Nadal , seeking his eighth title in the Italian capital , will next face Grigor Dmitrov on Saturday . The 14th-ranked Bulgarian celebrated his 23rd birthday with easy passage against German veteran Tommy Haas , who retired with a shoulder injury after losing the first set 6-2 . "  I 'm just a happy birthday birth today , " said Dimitrov , who received a cake in the face after the match courtesy of his coach . World No. 2 Novak Djokovic also battled into the semifinals , beating Nadal 's Monte Carlo conqueror David Ferrer 7-5 4-6 6-3 in two hours 32 minutes . "  It was the most physical match I had on clay this year , " said the Serbian , who will next play Canada 's Milos Raonic . The eighth seed was also taken to three sets by Frenchman Jeremy Chardy -- who upset Roger Federer on Wednesday -- before triumphing 6-3 5-7 6-2 . In the women 's draw , world No. 1 Serena Williams set up a semifinal with former top-ranked Serbian Ana Ivanovic . The American defending champion defeated China 's Shuai Zhang 6-1 6-3 , while 11th seed Ivanovic followed up her win over two-time Rome winner Maria Sharapova by beating Spain 's Carla Suarez Navarro 6-4 3-6 6-4 . Ivanovic 's only win over 17-time grand slam champion Williams came at January 's Australian Open , but the 2008 French Open winner then lost to young Canadian Eugenie Bouchard in the quarterfinals . World No. 2 Li Na suffered a 6-3 4-6 6-2 loss against Italy 's 2012 French Open runner-up Sara Errani , who will next play Jelena Jankovic in her home event . Ivanovic 's compatriot , also a former No. 1 , upset Polish third seed Agnieszka Radwanska 6-4 6-4 to give herself a chance of reaching the final for the third time . Jankovic , still seeking her first grand slam title , was Rome champion in 2007-08 and losing finalist in 2010 .	Defending champion Rafael Nadal wins through to semifinals of Rome Masters Spaniard battles back to stay unbeaten on clay against Britain 's Andy Murray Second-ranked Novak Djokovic also through to Saturday 's last-four matches Women 's No. 1 Serena Williams progresses but second-ranked Li Na loses
CNN  -- Juventus returned to the top of Italy 's Serie A on goal difference on Monday after coming from behind to draw 1-1 at Roma , whose captain Francesco Totti missed a penalty . The Turin club joined Udinese on 30 points after 14 rounds and remained unbeaten in the league this season thanks to a second-half equalizer from defender Giorgio Chiellini . Daniele de Rossi , playing as a makeshift central defender , gave mid-table Roma the lead at the Stadio Olympico in the fifth minute . The Italy international midfielder mistimed his volley from Totti 's short-corner , but Arturo Vidal miskicked as he tried to prevent the ball crossing the line . Udinese top in Italy after Milan only draw However , the Chilean was involved in the build-up as Juve drew level on the hour , with Chiellini beating De Rossi and Gabriel Heinze to a loose effort by Paraguayan winger Marcelo Estigarribia and heading home . Totti , returning to the starting line-up with Bojan Krkic suspended , had the chance to win the match for Roma soon after when Vidal fouled Erik Lamela . However , Juve goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon comfortably saved his former international teammate 's 63rd-minute penalty . The draw left Roma in ninth place , one of four clubs on 18 points . Juve , having the team 's best run of results since being stripped of the scudetto and relegated to Serie B in 2006 's match-fixing scandal , are still on course for a first Serie A title in nine seasons and 28th overall .	Roma captain Francesco Totti misses a second-half penalty in draw with Juventus Unbeaten Juve came from a goal down to equalize in the Italian capital Turin side return to top spot in Serie A on goal difference above Udinese Roma remain in mid-table , 12 points adrift of the leading clubs
Gaza City  CNN  -- After weeks of fighting and hundreds of deaths , some semblance of peace may be coming to the Middle East -- at least temporarily . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry announced Thursday that an unconditional humanitarian cease-fire will begin at 8 a.m. Friday in Gaza  1 a.m. ET  . It will last 72 hours -- or three days -- "  unless extended , " the United Nations and United States said in a joint statement . "  During this time , the forces on the ground will remain in place , " the statement said . Israel has accepted the cease-fire , officials in its prime minister 's office texted CNN . So , too , has Hamas , a spokesman for the militant fundamentalist Islamic organization texted . The cease-fire is meant to allow humanitarian aid to reach civilians in Gaza caught up in the violence , some of whom have seen their neighborhoods hit hard and loved ones killed , hurt or displaced . The aid will include food , care for the injured and burial of the dead . As all this is going on , Israeli and Palestinian officials should be meeting in Cairo to try to reach "  a durable cease-fire , " the U.N. and U.S. statement said . "  The parties will be able to raise issues of concern in these negotiations . " Will they be able to reach a breakthrough ? The past does n't suggest that is likely , at least anything that will lead to a solution to issues that Israelis and Palestinians have been grappling with for decades . And the animosity between Israel and Hamas , which controls Gaza , runs especially deep , with both sides accusing each other of putting each others civilians at risk . Kerry called the talks -- to be mediated by Egypt and to include a small American delegation -- "  a lull of opportunity ... to try to find a way to ... obtain a sustainable cease-fire , " while admitting there are "  no guarantees . " As Kerry noted , "  Everyone knows it has not been easy to get to this point , and everyone knows it will not be easy to get beyond this point . " Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat offered similar sentiments on the new talks , which he said will include "  all Palestinian factions " -- not just Hamas . "  It 's a difficult road , " said the longtime Palestinian official . "  I am hoping against hope that we can  make  every possible effort , with the help of everyone out there ,  to  reach a permanent cease-fire . " U.N. official alludes to potential war crimes The latest round of violence , which started earlier this summer , has been particularly bad . At least 1,452 people have been killed in Gaza , and 8,360 wounded , during the current conflict , Gaza Ministry of Health spokesman Ashraf al-Qudra said . That 's more than the 1,417 Palestinians that the Palestinian Center for Human Rights said died in the 22 days of Israel 's Operation Cast Lead , which spanned 2008 and 2009 . Those killed in the ongoing hostilities -- which are tied to the Israeli military 's Operation Protective Edge -- include 327 children and 166 women , the Gaza health ministry reports . The bloodshed prompted the United Nations ' top human rights official to warn that war crimes may have been committed , accusing Israel of "  deliberate defiance of obligations  to  international law . " U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay referred to the shelling of homes , schools , hospitals and U.N. "  premises , " while insisting , "  We can not allow this impunity , we can not allow this lack of accountability to go on . " "  None of this appears , to me , to be accidental , " Pillay said . The scale of the violence , as well as the international condemnation of it , could drive both sides to peace . But even if it does , some Palestinians -- like Samy Bahraqe , who is in a U.N. camp after her home was destroyed -- are n't looking forward to the future . "  Life is meaningless , " Bahraqe said . " ... What dreams in life can we have now that everything is ruined ? " More Israeli reservists called up News of the cease-fire did n't stop the violence . Almost immediately afterward , warning sirens went off around Israel -- with its military announcing later it had intercepted one rocket from Gaza , while two others landed in the Mediterranean Sea . Israel has been protected very effectively from Hamas rockets by its Iron Dome defense system , though a few have hit land . That includes a rocket that struck a neighborhood Thursday in Qiryat Gat , about 20 miles from Gaza , seriously injuring a man and setting a car afire , Israeli spokesman Mikey Rosenfeld said . Three civilians have been killed in Israel since the conflict began , while many more have been forced to take shelter as rockets rained overhead . But the brunt of the conflict has been born by Israel 's military , with 61 of its soldiers dying in recent weeks , with five of those deaths occurring Thursday evening . They will get help soon , with Israel Defense Forces announcing the call-up of 16,000 reservists . That will bring the total number of reservists activated since the start of the operation to 86,000 , a military spokeswoman said . Israel has accused Hamas of hiding weapons , including rockets , in schools and launching attacks from near shelters -- a fact that , it says , has contributed to civilian deaths . Many outside Israel are n't convinced . Chile , Peru , Brazil and Ecuador have pulled their ambassadors out of Tel Aviv to protest the Israeli offensive . Even the United States -- an ally of Israel -- believes "  the Israelis need to do more " to prevent civilian deaths , Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren told reporters . Still , such calls have n't stopped the United States from agreeing to Israel 's request to resupply it with several types of ammunition , a U.S. defense official told CNN on condition of anonymity . It 's not an emergency sale , the official said . The items being bought include tank rounds and illumination rounds , the Pentagon said . Nor will a cease-fire stop Israel 's attempts to destroy Hamas ' network of tunnels that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says is the first phase of the demilitarization of Gaza . While "  neither side will advance ... Israel will be able to continue its defensive operations for those tunnels that are behind its lines , " Kerry explained . ` We are tired , and we have had so much loss of life ' Meanwhile , Gaza is reeling . More than 219,000 Palestinians are packed into 86 shelters across Gaza , the U.N. said . That works out to about 12 % of all of Gaza 's population . Clean water is inaccessible for most . And some 3,600 people have lost their homes . "  We can not supply electricity " for hospitals , sewage treatment or domestic use , said Fathi al-Sheikh Khalil , deputy chairman of the Palestinian Energy Natural Resources Authority in Gaza . "  This is a disaster . " Al-Qidra , the Gaza health spokesman , said health care workers are struggling to deal with the relentless stream of dead and wounded . "  The hospitals in Gaza yesterday had a very difficult time . All the hospital morgues were flooding with dead bodies , and the injured were laying on hospital floors because of the lack of hospital beds , " said al-Qidra . Count Sakher Joham among those Palestinians hoping , praying that the misery ends . The violence forced him to flee his home , with his five children and "  just the clothes on my back . " "  We are tired , and we have had so much loss of life , " Joham , 32 , said of himself and fellow Palestinians . "  We want to live with our children a life of dignity , like the rest of the world . " Inside a Hamas tunnel What is Hamas ' endgame in Gaza ? What is Israel 's endgame in Gaza ? Opinion : Gaza peace struggle drains me of hope What You Need to Know About the Israel-Hamas Blame Game CNN 's Karl Penhaul reported from Gaza City ; and Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Mariano Castillo , John Vause , Jethro Mullen , Steve Almasy , Tim Lister , Kareem Khadder , Samira Said , Tal Heinrich and Larry Register contributed to this report .	NEW : Official : 1,452 killed in Gaza , which is more than a group says died in 2008 , 2009 Israel and Hamas accept the 72-hour cease-fire , officials tell CNN Palestinian official "  hoping against hope " it will lead to a "  permanent cease-fire " U.N. rights chief says Israeli shellings that killed civilians do n't appear "  to be accidental "
Moscow  CNN  -- Russian authorities on Friday seized radioactive material from the luggage of a passenger on a flight from Moscow to Tehran , Iran . The luggage , belonging to an Iranian citizen , contained 18 metal objects packed in individual steel cases , Russia 's Federal Customs Service said . The agency said the material , the radioactive isotope Sodium-22 , can be obtained in a nuclear reactor . The news sparked concern that the incident may have been related to Iran 's nuclear program , which the International Atomic Energy Agency said in a report last month could be geared to produce weapons . Iran has repeatedly said its nuclear program is solely for peaceful purposes . Nuclear expert Michael Friedlander said Sodium-22 has no applications related to weapons . It is generally used to calibrate nuclear instruments in medical equipment , he said . Initial tests showed that radiation levels of the objects were 20 times above normal , the Russian customs service said . Radiation expert Paddy Regan , a professor at England 's University of Surrey , said the material was unlikely to present a major hazard . He said Sodium-22 can be made in medical accelerators and is usually not produced in reactors . It is also not used in reactors as a component of fuel , he said . The customs agency said the objects were sent to a Moscow prosecutor 's office that deals with air and water transport . A criminal investigation is under way . No details were available on the identity of the Iranian passenger , who apparently flew to Tehran on the flight . Iranian news media quoted an embassy official in Moscow as saying any reports that the passenger had been arrested were false . "  These false allegations are meant to destroy relations between Iran and Russia , " the official told the semi-official Iranian Students News Agency . "  A month ago there was a misunderstanding about a university student who was carrying material used in dentistry , " he said . "  This misunderstanding was resolved quickly and the student received apologies . " CNN 's Jo Shelley , Alla Eshchenko , Danielle Dellorto and Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	A nuclear expert says the material can not be used for weapons Russian customs agency says the radioactive material can be obtained from a nuclear reactor It was found in the luggage of a passenger on a flight to Tehran Russia 's atomic agency says the material is used only for scientific research
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court ruled 5-4 Wednesday that child rapists can not be executed , concluding that capital punishment for crimes against individuals can be applied only to murderers . Patrick Kennedy , 43 , was on Louisiana 's death row after being convicted of raping his 8-year-old stepdaughter . The ruling stemmed from the case of Patrick Kennedy , who appealed the 2003 death sentence he received in Louisiana after being convicted of raping his 8-year-old stepdaughter . Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote in the majority opinion that execution in this case would violate the Eighth Amendment 's prohibition against cruel and unusual punishment , citing "  evolving standards of decency " in the United States . Such standards , the justice wrote , forbid capital punishment for any crime against an individual other than murder . "  We conclude that , in determining whether the death penalty is excessive , there is a distinction between intentional first-degree murder on the one hand and nonhomicide crimes against individual persons , even including child rape , on the other , " wrote Kennedy , who is not related to the convicted rapist . Watch how Wednesday 's ruling will have a wide reach " Patrick Kennedy , 43 , would have been the first convicted rapist in the United States since 1964 to be executed in a case in which the victim was not killed . Kennedy was convicted of sexually assaulting his stepdaughter in her bed . The attack caused severe emotional trauma , internal injuries and bleeding to the child , requiring extensive surgery , Louisiana prosecutors said . In the majority opinion , Anthony Kennedy acknowledged "  the victim 's fright , the sense of betrayal , and the nature of her injuries caused more prolonged physical and mental suffering than , say , a sudden killing by an unseen assassin . " But the justice -- supported by Justices John Paul Stevens , David Souter , Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer -- wrote that when determining what punishment the Eighth Amendment prohibits , "  evolving standards of decency that mark the progress of a maturing society " must be taken into account . After a review of the "  history of the death penalty for this and other nonhomicide crimes , current state statutes and new enactments ... we conclude there is a national consensus against capital punishment for the crime of child rape , " Anthony Kennedy wrote . Attorneys at the Capital Appeals Project who represent Patrick Kennedy issued a statement applauding the ruling . "  We can only hope that the money that Louisiana has been spending drafting and defending this anomalous and unconstitutional statute will be reallocated to efforts at treatment for victims of sexual abuse and for measures that actually reduce the risk of such abuse in our communities , " attorney Ben Cohen said in the statement . Justice Samuel Alito wrote the dissent , saying , "  The harm that is caused to the victims and to society at large by the worst child rapist is grave . " He was supported by Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas . Alito also wrote that the majority ruled against the death penalty "  no matter how young the child , no matter how many times the child is raped , no matter how many children the perpetrator rapes , no matter how sadistic the crime , no matter how much physical or psychological trauma is inflicted and no matter how heinous the perpetrator 's criminal record may be . " Wednesday 's ruling will affect six states that allow the death penalty for rape , including Louisiana , where Patrick Kennedy was recently joined on death row by another convicted child rapist , Richard Davis . Because of the ruling , the sentences of Davis and Kennedy will automatically be commuted to life in prison without the possibility of parole , the Capital Appeals Project said . "  Mr. Kennedy , who has consistently maintained his innocence , plans to continue to pursue his appeals in state and federal court , " the appeals project said . Florida , Montana , Oklahoma and South Carolina have death-penalty laws for rape but have not applied them in decades . Texas enacted a version a year ago , but no defendant has been designated death-eligible for child rape in any state but Louisiana . Other state and federal crimes theoretically eligible for execution include treason , aggravated kidnapping , drug trafficking , aircraft hijacking and espionage . None of these crimes has been prosecuted as a capital offense in decades , if ever . U.S. Supreme Court rulings in 1976 and 1977 barred capital punishment for rape . But in 1995 , Louisiana passed a law allowing execution for the sexual violation of a child under 12 . State lawmakers argued that the earlier high court cases pertained only to "  adult women . " Supporters of Louisiana 's law say that besides murder , no crime is more deserving of the death penalty than child rape and that the punishment would be used only in the most heinous of circumstances . "  A lot of people think there should not be a death penalty because the child survives , " sex crimes prosecutor Kat Bartholomew said . "  In my opinion , the rape of a child is more heinous and more hideous than a homicide . " She said a sexual assault on a child "  takes away their innocence . It takes away their childhood . It mutilates their spirit . It kills their soul . " Death penalty opponents contend , among other things , that it could give attackers a reason to murder their victims . In Wednesday 's ruling , Anthony Kennedy agreed , writing , "  A state that punishes child rape by death may remove a strong incentive for the rapist not to kill the victim . " After the ruling , a cousin of the victim 's , said , "  Just knowing the kind of man -LSB- Patrick Kennedy -RSB- is , we 'll never be comfortable . " The high court has in recent years banned execution of the mentally retarded , underage killers and those deemed to have had an inadequate defense at trial . Other developments : The U.S. Supreme Court is also expected to hear these cases : • GUN RIGHTS -- District of Columbia v. Heller  07-290 At issue : Does a city 's sweeping ban on handgun ownership violate the fundamental right to "  keep and bear arms " by preventing individuals -- as opposed to state militias -- from having guns in their homes ? Some residents want a handgun for protection in their homes , but District of Columbia officials argue they have the responsibility to impose "  reasonable " weapons restrictions to reduce violent crime . • ENERGY PRICES -- Morgan Stanley Capital Group v. Public Utility District 1 of Snohomish County , Washington  06-1457  ; American Electric Power Service Corp. v. Public Utility District 1  06-1462 At issue , with four other similar appeals : Is an energy crisis sufficient justification for federal officials to decide the standard of review for the sale of electric power contracts ? A Nevada power company and a county in Washington seek to invalidate contracts because they were signed at the height of the 2000-2001 Western energy crisis . This decision may affect California 's bid to save $ 1.4 billion on supply contracts signed at the time . • CAMPAIGN FINANCE -- Davis v. FEC  07-320 At issue : A federal law 's "  millionaire 's amendment , " easing campaign spending limits for opponents of well-heeled congressional candidates who pour $ 350,000 or more of their money into an election cycle . Democrat Jack Davis , who ran and lost in New York 's 26th Congressional District in 2004 and 2006 , calls the provision an additional burden on him , requiring greater spending disclosures in a short time frame . CNN 's Sean Callebs contributed to this report .	Sentences in two Louisiana cases will be commuted to life without parole Court : Capital punishment for crimes against individuals reserved for murderers Case stemmed from 2003 death sentence of man convicted of raping girl , 8
Sydney  CNN  -- Thank the Olympic Gods for Tom Slingsby . Before this week , few Australians would have known of him . But this week , he has catapulted himself to national sainthood , winning Australia 's second gold medal , this one in sailing . Australia has been in distress since the London Olympics began , watching a parlous performance in the pool where it usually performs exceedingly well . But there has been no Beijing haul of gold for the country 's swimmers in London ; just one gold in the women 's 4 x 100 freestyle relay event , and nothing for the individual swims . iReport : What 's your Olympic story ? As a result , this sporting nation has been thrown into an identity crisis of sorts , played out in public as a tussle over what it means to be Australian . There are those who argue a poor gold medal tally is an appalling reflection of Australia 's sporting prowess and an even worse for its self-esteem , playing out as it has on the international stage . Worse still , at number 19 in the gold medals table , it lags painfully behind Great Britain whose sporting achievements Australia likes to think it has and can always trump . And , for many Australians , the distinct possibility that New Zealand might walk away from this Olympic Games with more medals would be too much to bear . Read more : Pendleton tops golden night for Team GB And there 's the more sober view that sees getting to the Olympics at all -- let alone winning lots of silver -- as an achievement . In this camp , being gracious losers is as important as being great winners . And that Australia 's great hope , James Magnussen missed gold in the 100 meters freestyle by 1/100th of a second is to be worn as a badge of honor : we were that good . So furious has the public flogging of Australia 's performance been , that long jumper Mitchell Watt who walked away with a silver medal for his efforts , gave the media a blast . "  I think people need to start understanding that it is not easy to win an Olympic gold medal and there is absolutely nothing wrong with a silver medal , " said Watt . The problem , as Watt sees it , is that the media views silver and bronze as disappointing results . "  The team is happy , the coach is happy . I got thousands of messages -LSB- from -RSB- back home that they are happy . The only people that are not happy are you guys . So you need to wake up , " he admonished . Still the critics are not silenced . As Slingsby won gold for the Laser class single-handed dinghies sailing event and Australia looked guaranteed to win another gold on the water , the headlines have been kinder but carry barely disguised missives of shame . Read more : Numbers behind 2012 Olympics "  Sailors come to Australia 's Olympic rescue " blared SBS online . "  Between them the sailors could spare the blushes of an Australian contingent that has been performing solidly without being able to convert seconds and thirds into Olympic titles . " And there was this from Yahoo! 7Sport : "  Pearson defends Australia 's medal haul , " in which hurdler Sally Pearson echoed Mitchell Watt 's frustration with local disappointment . Across the Tasman , there was the anticipated barb : "  Australia back to its old self with gold " . The near empty satchel of gold has inspired a review of Australia 's swimming performance . Ordered by Swimming Australia , at its head will be former national head coach Bill Sweetenham and Olympian Suzie O'Neill . The aim will be to come up with a formula to prevent another national humiliation at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow in two years time . But more than this , the aim will be to find out what went wrong in London . Was it team disunity ? Or too much pre-event tweeting ? Maybe the work ethic of the current crop is n't what it should be ? Are the best of Australia 's swimming coaches being lured by big dollars to train Chinese nationals ? And a seemingly ridiculous question : should bearded swimmers be compelled to shave ? Could it have been Magnusson 's beard that ended his run for gold ? It is all open to investigation , though Suzie O'Neill says there 'll be no witch-hunt . In a nation accustomed to winning in sport , expectations are invariably high . Rarely is the concomitant pressure on competitors taken into account . As U.S. Open winner Sam Stosur has found , the weight of great expectation on your shoulders , is a viscerally grueling pressure . Bundled out in the first round at the 2012 Australian Open , before an audience expecting her to win after her New York triumph , took its toll . "  For sure it affects you physically , that 's probably the easiest sign for the outside people to see , " she told a media conference after her loss . "  I think it is easy to see that you tighten up , your shoulders do get tight , you do n't hit through the ball . " Young James Magnusson , head buried in hands as he digested his loss , put it this way : "  You come to the realization that I would 've preferred a different colored medal but the funny thing is that all I wanted to do after the race was see my parents . " You start to get a realization of what is important . Everything 's come so easy for me early in my career and I 've taken it for granted , " he said . The President of the Australian Olympic Committee John Coates believes the problem is not one of high expectations . That comes with the turf in elite sports . For Coates , the London problem might be eradicated in the future by reintroducing compulsory school sports . Though he warned last November that not enough money was flowing to the state-administered sports institutes to ensure the expected 45 medal haul in London , Coates does n't think funding is an issue in Australian swimming . "  I think there is enough money in the system , they 're just not necessarily spending it wisely , " he told local media . The highest ranked Australian on the International Olympic Committee Kevin Gosper begs to differ . Money , he says , is the difference between gold and silver . The post mortem will be painful . If anyone is hoping it will be long as well , it is the Prime Minister Julia Gillard , who 's parlous political position and poor polling has been off the front pages as the nation licks the wounds of a dented ego .	Australia is currently 19th on the gold medal table with just two golds Failure to win medals in London has prompted soul-searching Athletes have criticized local media for putting emphasis on winning gold
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- As millions of people enter the job market and business owners struggle to entice consumers , Ryan Taylor may be better positioned than most to weather the economic crisis . Ryan Taylor , right , and client Shawn Stockman of Boyz II Men at Taylor 's downtown Los Angeles office . Taylor is a custom tailor who brings his showroom to clients ' homes and offices . The day before former New Edition artist Johnny Gill left for a U.S. concert tour in March , Taylor sat in the musician 's modest condominium taking measurements for a customized shirt and suit that needed to be completed and shipped in a few days . Even on short notice , "  Taylor the Tailor , " as he is known , delivered on his promise -- and made Gill a loyal and satisfied customer . Taylor says he wants to change the apparel business model by personalizing a customer 's needs , instead of having large inventories and high overhead costs that can quickly put someone out of business in a bad economy . His recipe for success : virtually no inventory and prices competitive with brand name department stores . His story in the apparel business began with the word "  wardrobe " itself . "  I had seen it numerous times and thought , ` Why would a word associated with business suits or casual attire have such a negative prefix ? ' " He decided to remove the word "  war " and create a brand called DROBE that would offer professionals and smaller mom-and-pop boutiques his personalized custom style . But his first foray into the apparel business began and ended about 10 years ago at a trade show in Las Vegas , Nevada . He borrowed money to pay for a booth , but like many entrepreneurial designers getting started , Taylor said buyers were not interested in clothing without established brand names . Soon after , Taylor was broke . "  When I came home from that show thousands of dollars in the hole , I thought , ` How can I create a better story ? ' " Watch Taylor discuss how his business started " Several months later , Taylor was surprised that some of his personal customers were coming back for more shirts because of his attention to size and detail . "  I discovered that clothes off the rack fit less than 50 percent of the consumer population , " he said , "  and that my custom clothes can be generally close to the same price as those on the rack . " He also began visiting his clients in their living rooms or offices for custom fittings and offering a range of fabrics , textures and designs conducive to an individual 's style . When a sale is made , Taylor collects half the money up front , which helps pay for the cost of materials . "  Nine times out of 10 we visit clients in their home or offices , we take their measurements right there inside their office , have them select the fabric they prefer , take their measurements right then and there , and -LSB- in -RSB- a couple weeks have a tailor-made garment to wear , " he said . Although he discovered his custom-tailored clients looked great in his shirts , he noticed that most Main Street customers wore pants and suits that did not properly fit , so Taylor saw that as another opportunity to expand . With no inventory and a small staff on commission , Taylor 's reputation spread throughout the Los Angeles , Chicago , Illinois , and Atlanta , Georgia , business communities , partly with the help of fellow Hampton University alumni . He said television shows and celebrities began to take notice , and soon he found himself in the fitting rooms of major motion picture and recording studios . Taylor told CNN 's Ted Rowlands that one of his first clients was the late comedian Bernie Mac . "  I called the Bernie Mac show and the stylist there said come on in and he was my first celebrity client . " Some of his other celebrity clients include Al Pacino , Martin Lawrence , Jay Leno , Jimmy Kimmel , George Lopez and musician and multi-Grammy winner Shawn Stockman of Boyz II Men . But his reputation did not change his business style . "  Our business model is remarkably fit and lean , " he said . "  We have no inventory because our inventory is simply fabric . " The vast majority of men and women who make up Taylor 's clientele earn a living on Main Street , like Brian Asciak , the sales manager of a Ford dealership in Long Beach , California , who became Taylor 's most recent customer as he sat in his office . "  We eliminate the cost to have your clothes tailored and we eliminate the time it takes to go shopping , " said Taylor . His business has expanded to include custom-tailored dresses , ties , shoes and accessories . What began as a small loan has turned into 1,300 loyal clients . He averages close to $ 30,000 per month in revenue , and sales are down by only about 15 percent this year , he said . In a volatile economic climate , Taylor is not cutting back . He recently opened a second DROBE office in Pasadena , California , and wants to add 200 clients before the end of the year . "  To survive in this tough economy , " he said , "  you have to be willing to customize your product as well as your service for the specific nuances of individual people so they will talk about you with glow -- with a feeling of excitement about your product . " CNN 's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report .	Ryan Taylor finds a niche in the apparel market with custom fittings "  Taylor the Tailor " starts with a small loan and a failed booth at a trade show He now has 1,300 clients , among them Al Pacino , Jay Leno and other celebrities The vast majority of clients earn a living on Main Street , he says
CNN  -- Gunmen abducted a South Korean trade official in the Libyan capital , Tripoli , South Korea 's semiofficial Yonhap News Agency reported Monday , in the latest violent incident highlighting the turmoil in the North African country . Quoting South Korean officials , Yonhap said four unidentified , armed men abducted Han Seok-woo , 39 , when he was heading home from work in the coastal city on Sunday . Han is the head of the Libya unit of the Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency . The gunmen stopped Han 's car , took him and drove westward , Yonhap quoted a South Korean foreign ministry official as saying . It said there had been no word from the kidnappers yet . Their identities and the reason for the abduction were unknown . Han is understood to be unharmed so far , Yonhap reported Tuesday , citing an unidentified South Korean government official . South Korea 's foreign ministry , which has launched an emergency task force to deal with the abduction , issued a warning against traveling to Libya . It asked the 551 South Korean nationals living in the North African country to leave . Libya 's government and fragile state security forces are struggling to impose law and order in a country awash with weapons left over from the 2011 war that ousted dictator Moammar Gadhafi . Militias , former rebel fighters and militants have refused to lay down their arms and often resort to force to impose their demands on the weak central authorities . This month , gunmen shot dead Libya 's deputy industry minister in the first assassination of a transitional government official since Gadhafi 's ouster in October 2011 .	South Korean taken from his car in Tripoli , Yonhap News Agency reports His whereabouts and motive for abduction unknown Seoul tells South Koreans in Libya to leave the North African country Libya government struggling to impose law and order
CNN  -- After a gut-wrenching collapse on the final day of the 2011 Masters , questions were asked about Rory McIlroy 's mental fortitude and his ability to compete for golf 's major honors . But two months later , at June 's U.S. Open , the Northern Irishman produced a resounding response to his doubters by romping to a record-breaking eight-shot victory at Congressional . When the eyes of the golfing world fall on Augusta next month for the first major of 2012 , it will offer the world No. 2 a chance to reflect on how he turned a soul-crushing low into a redemptive high . "  Last year 's Masters was definitely a defining moment for me , " the 22-year-old told the European Tour 's website when asked about the tournament eventually won by South African Charl Schwartzel . Can Tiger cap comeback with Masters triumph ? "  It could have been a crossroads in my career . I could have done what I did on Sunday at Augusta and let it affect me and let it get to me , and maybe go into a slump , or get down or feel sorry for myself . " But far from wallowing in self pity , McIlroy excelled at the next major . His 16-under-par total of 268 bettered a record previously held by 14-time championship winner Tiger Woods at Pebble Beach in 2000 . After clinching a first major in 2011 , McIlroy reached another career landmark early in the 2012 season . He became the youngest world No. 1 since Woods with victory at Palm Beach earlier this month , usurping Ryder Cup teammate Luke Donald . "  It was a big crossroads for me in my career , " he said . "  I was able to go down the right path and put things right by winning the next major . "  All I wanted to do was put myself in that position again just to see if I could handle it better -- and I proved to myself that I could . " McIlroy admitted one of the biggest mistakes he made during the final round of last year 's Masters was to become preoccupied with his rivals , rather than focusing on his own game . It is an error he is keen to avoid on his fourth visit to the Augusta National Golf Club . "  One of the worst things I did was just trying to stay ahead of everyone else . Instead , I maybe should have had a number in my head , like getting to 15 under . That way , you have a target , and that 's all you 're thinking about . "  You 're not thinking about all these guys you 're trying to keep ahead of . All you 're thinking about is that target of 15 under ... You ca n't let your mind wander and start thinking about what anyone else is doing . " Donald regained the No. 1 spot with victory at the recent Transitions Championships . Nevertheless , McIlroy 's profile in the U.S. remains high . Partly , it is due to his contrasting experiences at the Masters and then the U.S. Open . But his romance with former world No. 1 tennis ace Caroline Wozniacki has also ensured he is firmly in the media spotlight . "  It will be very different this year , " he said after of the tournament getting under way on April 5 . "  I was n't necessarily under the radar last year , but I 'll be going there with a lot more attention . "  I 'll try to take the same approach to the tournament as I did last year . The week before , I 'll go up to Augusta for a couple of days , do what I usually do "  Speaking about it makes me excited about going back there , and I ca n't wait for it to start now . "	Rory McIlroy spurned a four-shot lead on the final day of the 2011 Masters Two months later the Northern Irishman triumphed at the U.S. Open , his first major crown He became the youngest world No. 1 since Tiger Woods in 2000 earlier this month His fellow Briton Luke Donald has since reclaimed top spot in the world rankings
KHARTOUM , Sudan  CNN  --  CNN  -- Fighting resumed Tuesday in a disputed oil-rich town in Sudan , threatening to reignite a calamitous civil war which ended three years ago . Fresh fighting in Sudan over an oil-rich town has raised fears civil war could again erupt . Fresh fighting in Sudan over an oil-rich town has raised fears civil war could again erupt . UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon deplored the fighting between the Sudanese military and troops with the Sudan People 's Liberation Army . The SPLA fought a rebellion against the government for more than 20 years until both sides signed a peace deal in 2005 . The deal 's Comprehensive Peace Agreement ended a north-south civil war that killed about 2 million people and displaced more than 4 million others . An impasse over the boundaries of the town of Abyei is a major reason the peace agreement has not been fully implemented . Fighting erupted in Abyei on May 13 . It resumed Tuesday despite a cease-fire and has "  resulted in the destruction " of the town "  and the displacement of between 30,000 and 50,000 people , " the secretary general said in a statement . Do n't Miss Sudanese opposition leader arrested Sudan cuts ties with Chad after attack Darfur rebels advance on Sudan capital , their leader says "  If the situation is not urgently addressed , the achievements thus far of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement could be placed at serious risk , " he said . The civil war in Sudan , which started in 1983 , pitted a northern government dominated by Arab Muslims against black Christians and animists in southern Sudan . That conflict was not directly related to ongoing violence in the Darfur region of western Sudan . Human rights groups and United Nations say the Sudanese military armed and trained Arab militias in Darfur after a rebellion erupted in 2003 . They say the military and militias have engaged in widespread killing , rape and forced displacements in Darfur as they battle about rebels who have splintered into roughly a dozen groups . One of those groups staged a daring attack this month near the Sudanese capital , Khartoum . The government said it quashed the attack . Nearly 300,000 people have been killed and 2.5 million displaced in Darfur in the last five years , the UN says .	Fighting in disputed oil-rich Sudan town raises fears of return to civil war Up to 50,000 people displaced by latest outbreak of fighting Despite cease-fire agreement Abyei has been destroyed and deal is at risk
There has been a great deal of austerity-bashing -- that is to say Germany-bashing -- this French election season . Buoyed by his success in the first round , Socialist candidate Francois Hollande declared last Thursday : "  It is not for Germany to decide for the rest of Europe . " Vowing to reset Europe on a growth path , he said , "  we 're not just any country , we can change the situation . " Now he looks set to put his words into action , following his victory in Sunday 's runoff election . French President Nicolas Sarkozy was quick to throw off the "  Merkozy " mantel early on in his campaigning once he realized that vaunting his friendship with the German chancellor was the last thing his electorate wanted to hear , but it appears to have been in vain . But Merkel stood by her one-time ally , saying she continued to support him in his re-election bid . This came despite increasingly anti-immigrant , protectionist rhetoric from the Sarkozy camp in order to appeal to voters on the far-right that must have sit uncomfortably with Berlin . Much was made of the fact that the German chancellor 's office has made no official overtures to Hollande . The chairman of Germany 's Social Democrat party Sigmar Gabriel called his socialist counterpart in Paris a "  victim of slander " by the ruling coalition and by Merkel personally in a recent interview with German daily Die Welt . "  She knows perfectly well that it is a lie that Hollande want to scrap the fiscal compact and incur mountains of debt . " Whether or not she is sure of that , Merkel has made it quite clear that Hollande can not scrap the fiscal pact . Not up for renegotiation , she said . But it was also clear that Berlin recognized the writing on the wall . "  Germany is clever enough to adapt its position to a new political constellation in France , " said Etienne Francois from the French Center at Berlin 's Free University . "  Germans are not people to improvise . " And Merkel has already responded with more talk of growth , although she 's at pains to argue this is n't a new position on her part . "  It is important that we break with the idea that growth always costs a lot of money and must be the result of expensive stimulus programs , " she told the Hamburger Abendblatt . The way out of this crisis has always rested on two pillars : "  solid finances and measures for growth and employment . " Hollande for his part said if he became president , his first trip would be to Berlin . This is a man who does not underestimate the strength of the Franco-German alliance . Plus he 's of a more similar temperament to the German chancellor than Sarkozy ever was . "  He 's pragmatic , prepared to compromise , accepts budget discipline and he 'll be under enormous pressure from the markets , " says Claire Demesmay , French expert at the German Council on Foreign Relations . "  Once the summer 's over , once the parliamentary elections have happened , he will have to start saving and he will have to push through reforms . " For now , expect small modifications to the fiscal pact but no rewrites . "  Germany will be clever enough to accept little changes in formulation in order to help Hollande tell French voters that he 's been victorious , " Francois said . "  But it 's just tactics . " Merkel is already talking about more flexible use of EU infrastucture funds to spur growth , a strengthened role for the European Investment Bank . But that is a long way from meeting any future French leader on proposals such as eurobonds or a European Central Bank lending directly to governments , both anathema to Berlin . How far the German chancellor will be forced to compromise to Hollande 's growth mantra may well depend on matters outside France . Greece was also holding elections on Sunday . Greek voters stung by austerity are turning to extremist parties on the left and right . Recession is biting across Europe , swingeing cuts making electorates restive in Spain , Portugal and Italy . The more support Hollande gets from other disgruntled eurozone countries , the less lee-way Berlin has to stick to its tough belt-tightening course . But that is still some way off . Merkel has two crucial state elections coming up in the next two weeks and the Netherlands goes to the polls in September . If the past decades are anything to go by , it is more than likely the Franco-German alliance will remain an anchor of stability amid all the uncertainty , whoever holds the reins of power in each country .	Nicolas Sarkozy quick to throw off the "  Merkozy " mantle early on in his campaigning Merkel stood by her one-time ally , saying she continued to support his re-election bid German chancellor 's office has made no official overtures to Hollande Hollande for his part had said that if he does become president , his first trip will be to Berlin
Can God be found on the Appalachian Trail ? Long before the Puritans of the Plymouth Colony laid a lasting religious claim to the Appalachian peaks , Eastern Woodland Indians claimed those heights as the first residences of the supernatural beings of their religious traditions . Then the Puritans arrived . Colonists seeking religious independence from established churches and the religious mainstream moved into mountain valleys at the margins of the frontier . Certain sites along the trail route became associated with the story of Exodus from the Bible . And in this version , America was the new "  Promised Land . " 12 things you may not have known about the Appalachian Trail The American Romantics , including the Transcendentalist writers and the Hudson River Valley painters , visited the Appalachian peaks seeking both a deeper spiritual experience and subjects for their work . Benton MacKaye , a Harvard-trained planner , proposed the trail as a respite from the physical and mental impacts of industrialization and urbanization in 1921 . Walking the entire length of the trail , between Springer Mountain , Georgia and Mount Katahdin , Maine , has become a distinctly American pilgrimage , weaving through the religious roots of the nation , and providing stunning views of Eastern terrains ranging from isolated valleys to lines of blue-tinted mountains . Mount Katahdin , Maine The 5,268-foot-high Mount Katahdin  which means greatest mountain in Penobscot  is the home of Thunders , giants with eyebrows and cheeks of stone , who sometimes invite hunters into their home within the mountain to instruct them about nature , according to some Native American beliefs . In the Passamamaquoddy and Penobscot versions , the Thunders , while powerful , are not malicious and mean no harm . But European immigrants turned the spirit of the mountain solely into Pamola  or Pomola  , a demonic being , with a moose head , eagles ' wings and feet and a human body . Henry David Thoreau , on a failed attempt to bushwhack all the way to the summit , declared that Pomola is "  always angry with those who climb to the summit of Ktaadn . " Hudson River painter Frederic Edwin Church , having a more positive attitude , bathed Katahdin in the divine light of the Calvinist creator God in his colorful depictions of the Maine wilderness . Hit the trail : 7 gorgeous hikes Today , Katahdin is the northern terminus of the trail . It 's celebrated in hundreds of photographs of end-to-end hikers finishing their backcountry pilgrimage by the sign at the top . Mount Washington , New Hampshire Originally named Agiocochook , which means "  home of the Great Spirit " or "  home of the spirit of the forest " in the Abenaki language , Mount Washington in New Hampshire is the highest peak in New England at 6,288 feet . Native Americans identified Agiocochook as the place where a Native American family fled to the top of the mountain to avoid a great flood , analogous to Noah 's landing on Mount Ararat . Plymouth Colony leader John Winthrop reported that the Abenaki were afraid to climb the peak because it was where Manitou lived . Manitou is a universal spirit which , according to Native American belief , permeates all living creatures and natural objects . A federalist survey expedition circa 1784 renamed the peak after George Washington , the new republic 's Moses , who led the people to freedom from royal oppression . That reference associated the peak with the Biblical Pisgah where Moses had his vision of Canaan . The Hudson River painters produced multiple canvasses of the ethereal mountain , where an inscrutable God ruled the heights , and divine providence flowed down the slopes and watered the pastures and farmsteads of the Promised Land below . The trail traverses Mount Washington along the crest , through alpine meadows above the timberline .  It 's a short side hike to the summit .  It offers panoramic views and some of the most unpredictable and dangerous weather in the Eastern United States , including dense fog and hypothermia-inducing summer sleet . Mount Greylock , Massachusetts The Berkshires have long been the terrain of philosophical innovators and religious nonconformists . Transcendentalist Henry David Thoreau climbed to the top of Mount Greylock in 1844 to meet the sunrise , and view "  an undulating country of clouds ... as we might see in dreams , with all the delights of paradise . " Herman Melville 's home Arrowhead  open for visitors  , looks out on Mount Greylock . The humpback outline of the mountain reputedly inspired his description of the inscrutable and God-like Moby Dick . Today 's trail hiker can walk up to the summit of Mount Greylock and also appreciate Mount Greylock from the Cobbles , a quartzite outcrop on the trail . Then the trail goes through the classic New England town of Cheshire . Also at the base of Greylock is the Adams Friends Meeting House  circa 1782  . That 's about a three-mile hike from the trail or five miles by car from Cheshire . In nearby Williamstown , Transcendentalist appreciation of natural form influenced the design of the Williams College campus . Williams College students cleared the first hiking trail to the spruce-covered summit of Mount Greylock in 1830 . Shaker Farm : Tyringham , Massachusetts The trail crosses the remains of one of the Shakers ' former utopian colonies at Tyringham , Massachusetts . Shaker founder Mother Ann Lee brought her followers from England to America in 1774 , 10 years before she died . More formally known as the United Society of Believers in Christ 's Second Appearing , the Shakers established one of their first colonies in Tyringham in 1792 . In Tyringham , the celibate members lived in dormitories . They were known as Shakers because of their vigorous religious dances . The Tyringham Shakers selected a bald-topped mountain as their Mount Horeb , and marched to its summit following their celebratory religious feasts . The trail skirts well-crafted stone walls , provides views out over the patchwork of fields in the Tyringham valley , and crosses Jerusalem Street , where the remaining Shaker buildings and Shaker Pond , now in private hands , may be observed from the road  not open to the public  . Potomac River crossing at Harpers Ferry , Virginia/West Virginia Approaching Harpers Ferry from Virginia , hikers cross over the Shenandoah River using a vehicle bridge . As they leave town and head for Maryland , they cross the Potomac River beside an active track on a railroad bridge . In the days of the Underground Railroad , escaped slaves had to cross the Potomac  this dangerous "  Jordan "  during their Exodus to freedom . They waded and swam from island to island or slipped across hidden in a boat by a sympathetic ferryman . On the northern bank , the trail passes the location of John Brown 's 1859 abolitionist raid on the federal armory , and the fire house which served as his "  fort . " North of Harpers Ferry , the trail looks down on the peaceful agricultural valley surrounding Antietam , where the National Park Service has reconstructed the meeting house of the German Baptists , known as Dunkers , on the Civil War battlefield . Dunkers , who were baptized three times in the name of the Father , Son and Holy Ghost , resisted slavery . The house served as a hospital during the battle of Antietam , one of the bloodiest battles in American history , when 23,000 were killed , wounded or went missing . Clingmans Dome , Great Smoky Mountains National Park , Tennessee and North Carolina The highest point on the entire trail at 6,643 feet , Clingmans Dome  Kuwo-i or Mulberry Place in Cherokee  is the home of the White Bear , chief of the bears , according to Cherokee tradition . The Cherokee treated animals as members of neighboring tribes , who celebrated seasonal dances in their townhouses , just as the Cherokee did . Hikers can enjoy the southern-most Appalachian spruce fir forest , and have the chance to view , not just numerous black bears , but endemic species such as the red-cheeked salamander and Fraser fir . Heading south from Clingmans Dome , it 's nearly 30 miles by trails or road to visit Native American museums . There is a replica of a Cherokee council house  the central religious building  at the Oconaluftee Indian Village  open May to October  , and visitors can learn more about Cherokee religious traditions at the Museum of the Cherokee  year round  in the town of Cherokee , North Carolina . Blood Mountain , Georgia Nearly 30 miles north of the southern terminus of the trail at Springer Mountain , Georgia , Blood Mountain is known in Cherokee tradition as a townhouse of the Nunne ` hi , a race of immortals . They are friendly to humans , assist lost hunters and support the Cherokee in battle . These gentle inhabitants of the heights love music , and local residents still report hearing the sounds of their drums and dances . Several bald mountains or peaks with distinctive rock formations along the southern stretch of the trail are also associated with the Cherokee monster slayer tale of the giant horned lizard , the Utenka . A Shawnee medicine man pursued the ferocious beast , from nearby Brasstown Bald , Georgia , through Indian Gap and the Chimneys in the Smokies , in Tennessee to its home on Big Bald on the Tennessee/North Carolina border . The open summits offer spectacular seasonal flora displays , including blooms of Catawba rhododendrons , azaleas and mountain laurels . Since a hiker can still stretch out on the grass or ascend above the trees on outcrops , the summits are among the best places to enjoy the ridges turning blue at sunset or to experience the August Perseid meteor shower , without the background lighting of civilization .	The Appalachian Trail weaves through the religious roots of the nation Before the Puritans arrived , Native Americans already had spiritual traditions in the mountains Transcendentalist writers visited the Appalachian peaks seeking a deeper experience
Iran 's top cop has offered to quit his job if anyone verifies the results of a recent survey that says 80 % of Iranian students drink alcohol and have friendships with the opposite sex , the semi-official Iranian Labour News Agency reported . "  These findings have no basis and if such things are true , I will resign from my post , " Ahmadi Moghadam said , according to ILNA . Drinking alcohol and relations between men and women who are not related are forbidden in Iran and other conservative Muslim countries . According to ILNA , the survey was conducted by a university professor in Tehran . The report did n't reveal the number of students surveyed or their age range but the study was enough to provoke the police chief 's ire . "  The report that 80 percent of males and females have relations goes against the moral fabric of our society , " ILNA quoted the police chief as saying . Moghadam condemned the media for reporting what he called the bogus results of the study and challenged to debate anyone who believed the findings to be true . "  Those who want to report these statistics want to rattle the public 's thoughts . " The police chief said Iran 's law enforcement agencies do not interfere with family relations and friendships but they 'll step in if laws are broken . "  If relations are made through deception we will immediately get involved since committing sexual violations calls for the highest punishment . "	A survey says 80 % of young Iranians have friendships with the opposite sex Iran 's police chief says if the survey proves true he will quit Such relations and drinking alcohol are forbidden in Iran
Protesters have occupied major districts in Hong Kong to demand full universal suffrage for the city , a culmination of decades of frustration among the city 's democracy activists . But as protests in this city enter a stubborn eighth week , there has n't been any real breakthrough . Protesters continue to stake their ground while the Hong Kong police attempt to clear areas of the occupied sites . Student leaders and government officials have conducted one round of talks with little result , and no new talks are planned . Here 's our guide to understanding the different players , what they want , and why there 's no easy solution . The protest leaders Who 's calling the shots ? The real answer is no one . Last year , law professor Benny Tai came up with the idea to "  occupy " Hong Kong 's downtown Central district if the government did n't give Hong Kongers full universal suffrage . His Gandhi-inspired group is called "  Occupy Central with Love and Peace . " But Occupy Central did n't kick off the current protests . Things blew up in late September after three pro-democracy student leaders were briefly arrested at the end of a class boycott , and their supporters tear gassed . That 's when tens of thousands of protesters spontaneously came out to occupy Hong Kong 's streets , leading to the situation we have now . The most famous student leader is a skinny 17-year-old named Joshua Wong -- he leads a group of high school firebrands called Scholarism , and enjoys popular support among protesters . Also arrested were Alex Chow and Lester Shum from the Hong Kong Federation of Students  HKFS  , representing university students . Chow and Shum are asking protesters to continue occupying the streets until the government offers a meaningful promise of electoral reform . On November 15 , Chow and two other members of HKFS attempted to fly to Beijing to deliver protesters ' demands to Chinese leaders , but were prevented from boarding an airplane after their travel permits were declared invalid . The students have one main demand : to bring "  real universal suffrage and real democracy " to the city . The encampments The occupied sites are fragile but sophisticated self-governed communities . While Tai may have come up with the idea to "  occupy " and student leaders incited the protest , citizen protesters have now taken ownership of the movement , which they view as organic and leaderless . The number of protesters at the main camp varies , but when crowds are large it can feel like a cross between a summer music festival and a post-apocalyptic settlement . The site sprawls across an eight-lane highway in Hong Kong 's Admiralty district , spilling out into side streets fortified by makeshift barricades . A well-oiled volunteer system manages supplies , recycling and first-aid . Each night , protesters sleep in colorful tents on the pavement . Three miles north , protesters have occupied some of the busiest streets in Mong Kok , a gritty , working-class shopping district famous for its thumping nightlife and triad ties . The atmosphere here is more riotous . In early October , the encampment was attacked by crowds of older men who tore down tents , attacked students , and allegedly sexually assaulted women in broad daylight . Outraged supporters have rallied to the camp 's defense , while police have struggled -- and often failed -- to keep the peace . In mid-October , the Mong Kok camp was cleared by around 500-600 police in a dawn raid . However , protesters returned in huge numbers the next day and reoccupied the streets after a series of tense clashes with police . No major police action has been attempted since , and protesters show no signs they 're willing to leave . There is a third , smaller encampment in Causeway Bay , Hong Kong 's shopping district , which stretches across one lane of a busy road . Hong Kong 's leader C.Y. Leung , Hong Kong 's chief executive , is hated with a passion by the city 's pro-democracy citizens , who view him as an sly , imperious puppet of the Chinese Communist Party . And that 's putting it politely . His resignation has been a key demand of protesters since they took to the streets a week ago . Leung has repeatedly said he wo n't step down . Instead , he has repeatedly asked protesters to disperse , while directing his deputy Carrie Lam to attempt negotiations with student leaders . In late October , Lam and four officials met with student leaders from HKFS for a round of televised talks . However , no agreement was reached after the talks , and no new talks are planned . It 's doubtful whether Leung 's administration can make any real concessions to protesters . The Hong Kong government 's hands are largely tied by Beijing , which has firmly stated it will not allow Hong Kong to have the kind of democracy protesters are calling for . Anti-Occupy Hong Kongers Many Hong Kongers oppose the Occupy protests , and for many different reasons . Some see the protesters as chasing a pipe dream , others say it 's a mistake to upset Beijing . Older generations are especially wary of civil unrest , having fled Communist China , lived through Hong Kong 's leftist riots in 1967 and witnessed the Tiananmen square crackdown on pro-democracy protesters on their television screens in 1989 . What they all share is a deep disdain for the way today 's protests are affecting the lives of ordinary citizens . With roads blocked , traffic has been snarled , commutes have been disrupted . In Mong Kok , some business owners have reported a dramatic decline in sales . A number of anti-Occupy voices have formed groups . Former journalist Robert Chow calls his group the "  Silent Majority for Hong Kong , " and says the protesters are "  holding Hong Kong hostage . " The police The police 's goal is to return the city to normal , but they miscalculated by using tear gas on student protesters on September 28 . Instead of dispersing the movement , it sparked outrage and caused thousands more protesters to hit the streets . Since then , police , hesitant to inflame tensions , have adopted a largely hands-off approach to the protest sites . In mid-October , police briefly cleared the Mong Kok protest site , only for thousands of protesters to reoccupy the site the next day . Relations between police and protesters also deteriorated when a video showed several plainclothes police officers beating and kicking a detained pro-democracy demonstrator in October . Triads Multiple people with triad backgrounds have been arrested in Mong Kok after starting fights and igniting anger between Occupy and anti-Occupy protesters . Hong Kong 's triads are known for controlling smuggling , prostitution and illegal gambling rings . Some of their businesses in Mong Kok -- Hong Kong 's red light district -- have suffered as a result of the Occupy protests . While pro-democracy legislators and protest leaders have accused the government of sending triad members to disperse the protests , it 's unclear who may have sent the triads or whether they came on their own accord . Beijing China 's president , Xi Jinping , dreads dissent and separatism . As China 's economy continues to grow , he has been eager to project an image of national unity and strength to the world . At the APEC summit in November , Xi called the protests an "  illegal movement " and declared his support for the Hong Kong government 's handling of the situation . Beijing has also expressed its views through its state-run media , condemning the protests as "  illegal acts " that "  are doomed to fail . " Chinese newspapers have dismissed the movement 's potential to spread to the mainland as "  no more than a daydream . " Other news articles , social media posts , and images of Hong Kong 's protests have been heavily censored in China : as the first images of the occupation went viral , even Instagram became inaccessible . The memory of China 's 1989 Tiananmen square crackdown on pro-democracy protesters has loomed over Hong Kong and Beijing from the start . More than once , protesters have wondered whether Beijing will activate the 6,000 People 's Liberation Army troops believed to be stationed in Hong Kong -- but so far , there 's been no sign that will happen . It 's obvious China is displeased . What 's less certain is how serious of a threat they consider the protests to be .	Protesters are occupying parts of Hong Kong for an eighth week Police have cleared some barricades , chipping away at the protest sites Many in Hong Kong oppose the protest China 's president has called the protests "  illegal "
CNN  -- "  And now it 's time for one last bow , like all your other selves . Eleven 's hour is over now , the clock is striking Twelve 's . " With those poetic words , Jenna Coleman 's Clara Oswald summed up the stakes of Wednesday night 's Christmas episode of "  Doctor Who . " Following a hugely successful , well-received 50th anniversary episode last month , it seemed fitting that the show would bid goodbye to Matt Smith for an encore . The episode certainly ran the gamut , at various times showing the Doctor bald , naked and growing very old . It was a bittersweet night for "  Who " fans  or "  Whovians "  , to say the least . Of course , we 've known for several months that this was coming , but the reactions on social media made clear that many in the audience were n't ready to say goodbye to Smith 's Eleventh Doctor . "  Oh gosh . I 'm emotionally wrecked , " tweeted Kyle Williams . "  MY FEELINGS ARE NOT OK , " is how Vera Raposo put it . So without further ado , here are five moments from the episode that had us feeling all of our feelings : 1 . The Doctor leaves Clara  twice Things started off smoothly enough , with the Doctor pretending to be Clara 's boyfriend at Christmas dinner . A few sitcom-ish moments  and Daleks , weeping angels and Cybermen -- including one disembodied  later , and soon the Doctor learned that Gallifrey and the other Time Lords could soon return , using a crack in the wall , in a small town called Christmas -- a time field seen in the Eleventh Doctor 's first episode . The Daleks , Cybermen and more were ready to take on the Time Lords , however , and the Doctor was prepared to literally save Christmas  not to mention the entire planet , Trenzalore  . But he did n't think he could protect Clara and sent her back home without her knowledge . As centuries went by on Trenzalore , the Doctor started to show his age and finally , Clara returned with the TARDIS and the "  feels " came along with her . Seeing the Doctor and his companion -- who had earlier unwittingly declared her feelings for him -- reunited was a hugely uplifting moment , though soon the Doctor sent her away again , after saying he would n't .  Sorry , Clara , the Doctor lies .  But she returned one last time ... Looking back on 50 years of ` Doctor Who ' 2 . The last Doctor ? Those who 've followed "  Doctor Who " for a while will remember there 's a limit to the number of regenerations he gets , exactly 12 . After Clara returned the first time , the aging Doctor told Clara that he had used them all up , counting John Hurt 's War Doctor from the previous episode , and a time when the Tenth Doctor regenerated into himself . Could this be the end of the Doctor for good ? After her second return , having read the aforementioned poem from a Christmas cracker , and as the Doctor began to die of old age , she pleaded with the time field to save him . As the Daleks prepared to attack , the time field appeared , granting the Doctor more regenerative energy , which he used to lay waste to all of the invading armies  "  Love from Gallifrey , boys ! "  -- but it also meant that his time was up . 3 . Goodbye , Eleven Clara returned to the TARDIS , finding the Doctor back to his old self again . But despite his reset youthful appearance , he was still dying . He had a lot to think about in his final moments in this body . "  We all change . When you think about it , we 're all different people all through our lives , " he said . "  And that 's OK , that 's good , as long as you keep moving , as long as you remember all the people that you used to be . I will not forget one line of this , not one day , I swear . I will always remember when the Doctor was me . " Lump in the throat , anyone ? Is the Pope a Time Lord ? 4 . ` Raggedy man ' Then the Doctor remembered his first companion , the first face he saw in this body : Amy Pond . In a surprise appearance , Karen Gillan returned for a cameo as Amy , to say , "  Raggedy man , good night . " Is it any wonder that "  Raggedy man " trended worldwide for hours on Twitter ? Eleven knew his time was up , and took off his trademark bowtie . And at this point , the Internet had a good cry . 5 . Enter Twelve As Clara begged the Doctor not to go , he suddenly had a brand new face . Clara 's "  anime eyes " said it all . This was a brand new Doctor indeed . Peter Capaldi is now the Twelfth Doctor , and he just had one question for Clara : "  Do you happen to know how to fly this thing ? " Oh , and apparently he 's got new kidneys . So that was enough of an emotional roller coaster for an entire season 's worth of some shows . Perhaps Smith 's final words to the fans will help a little : "  To the Whoniverse , thanks a million , " he said . "  You 're the best . I 'll miss you . And I 'll miss the madness . " ` Doctor Who ' turns 50 and fans will never be the same	Matt Smith portrayed the Doctor one final time on a special episode of ` Doctor Who ' Peter Capaldi took over the role at the end of the episode Social media had a highly emotional response to the episode
CNN  -- When the British comedian Spike Milligan wrote a memoir about his experiences during World War II , he called it "  Adolf Hitler : My Part in His Downfall . " Eli Roth and Brad Pitt play some bloodthirsty Allied soldiers in "  Inglourious Basterds . " Unlike Milligan , Quentin Tarantino was born 40 years too late to have played an active role in that enterprise , but at least he shares Milligan 's chutzpah . Beginning with the precaution "  Once upon a time in Nazi-Occupied France ... " -- part homage to Sergio Leone , part disclaimer of historical authenticity -- "  Inglourious Basterds " does n't pretend to give us the war as it was , but as it should have been . In this outrageous revisionist revenge fantasy , not only do the Jews resist Hitler -- in the form of a crack U.S. guerrilla unit operating behind enemy lines and outside official jurisdiction -- but they terrorize the German army with the bloodcurdling ferocity of their reprisals . When Brad Pitt 's drawling Lt. Aldo Raine tells his platoon of misfits and sociopaths that each owes him 100 German scalps , it 's not an idle pleasantry . Despite Pitt 's sadism , this "  Dirty Dozen " redux -- inspired by Enzo Castellari 's 1978 exploitation film "  The Inglorious Bastards " -- turns out to be the sketchiest component in an unexpectedly elaborate design dominated by Christoph Waltz 's arch villain , Col. Hans Landa . Watch the stars talk about making the movie " Waltz will be unknown to most American audiences -- he was certainly unknown to me -- but he 's nothing less than sensational as the silky , polyglot SS officer charged by the Fuhrer to root out the remaining Jews in France . The long , long first sequence -- or "  chapter , " as Tarantino terms it -- is essentially a 20-minute-plus two-character scene between Landa and a French farmer  played by Denis Menochet  , where the SS man most graciously presumes on his host 's wary hospitality , flattering him and his family , even complimenting his milk . The man is a tease , but a deadly one . With every perfectly enunciated phrase , he turns the screws tighter and tighter , up to the point where the poor farmer is ready to tell him everything . It 's a masterful scene , bleakly comic and incredibly suspenseful , and as bold in its way as anything Tarantino has done before .  Who starts an adventure movie with 30 pages of dialogue ?  Before it is done , we have developed a powerful antipathy to this brilliant , vicious fellow , Landa ; it is clear that , like so many of the most memorable screen villains , he is a man we will love to hate . Tarantino does n't hold back on nasty Nazis -- Goebbels and Hitler also figure , as well as Frederick Zoller  Daniel Bruhl  , a handsome young infantryman and movie buff who has become a national hero after shooting more than a hundred GIs , and who is now starring as himself in Goebbels ' latest propaganda film . On the other side of the equation , we find a glamorous German movie star who is actually an agent for the Allies  Diane Kruger as Bridget von Hammersmark  and Michael Fassbender as a British agent , Lt. Archie Hicox , sent as a liaison between Bridget and the "  Basterds " because of his background as a film critic .  Only in a Tarantino movie do you find heroic critics . And then there 's Shosanna Dreyfus  the excellent Melanie Laurent  , improbably the owner-operator of a Parisian movie theater , the site on which all the major characters -- including der Fuhrer -- converge for Zoller 's premiere . In this film , the cinema is everywhere and everything . For two and a half hours in the dark , anything goes . Some critics have taken exception to this hubris , even on moral grounds . Yet the movies have always exploited war and plundered history . Tarantino is just more up front about repurposing it than most . That first scene is no anomaly . Words speak louder than action , and most of the brutality comes veiled in cagey cat-and-mouse conversation . It 's so intricately constructed , sometimes , that the film threatens to turn into a screenwriting master class and you wish Tarantino would just get on with the plot . But then , of course , he does , and engineers the kind of climax that threatens to bring the house down . "  Inglourious Basterds " may or may not get Tarantino 's career  and its producers , The Weinstein Company  back on track . It 's hard to see it converting many skeptics , but the filmmaker 's fans should be more than satisfied , and curious newbies will discover a dense , literate , audacious and prodigious talent , still one of the best of his generation . "  Inglourious Basterds " is rated R and runs 152 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's review , click here .	"  Inglourious Basterds " thrilling twist on war movies by Quentin Tarantino , says critic CNN.com 's Tom Charity : Film opens with masterful scene , sustains tension "  Basterds " stars Brad Pitt as Nazi hunter , Christoph Waltz as villain
CNN  -- China 's National People 's Congress  NPC  meets every year and brings about 3,000 national delegates together in Beijing 's Great Hall of the People to discuss government reports , pass legislation and formalize appointments of government officials . The NPC is constitutionally the highest organ of government power in China although it has long been considered a rubber-stamp parliament . It passes virtually every measure , resolution and law put forward by the government or the Chinese Communist Party . Since the early 1990s , the NPC has passed several laws aimed at building up a legal system and has sought to promulgate a "  rule by law " rather than a "  rule by men " -- an attempt to steer the party away from its Maoist structures to fit more closely the international norms that govern the world 's capital markets . The raft of new legislation passed at the NPC includes labor laws , securities laws , corporation laws , banking laws and environmental protection laws . The body also has the power to elect , dismiss and reassign local and central government officials , including the state president , the premier , top judges and ministers . Despite this , elections are carefully choreographed , and typically there is only one candidate for one position . Token disapproval or dissent is usually shown by means of abstentions rather than straight "  no " votes . Xi Jinping and a new , younger crop of leaders are set to lead the Communist Party and the government over the next 10 years . The Communist Party is due for the reshuffle in the fall and the government will follow suit in spring 2013 . Barring any big surprises , current vice premier Li Keqiang , a protege of President Hu , is set to replace Premier Wen Jiabao , who will retire . When China 's leaders convene , they will have a wide range of problems to tackle . Among them : -- How to keep the economy growing at a fast enough rate  the IMF currently estimates growth at 8.2 %  at a time when the global economy is in recession . Much of the Communist Party 's legitimacy is predicated on economic growth which mitigates unemployment and social tensions . -- How quickly China can shift its economic growth model from manufacturing and exports to domestic consumption and services . -- How to bridge the growing divide between the rich and the poor to maintain social stability . -- How to keep these problems in check without significantly changing the political system and how to deal with pressure for political reforms . -- How to keep ethnic unrest in places like Xinjiang and Tibet in check . -- How to deal with the growing desire in Taiwan , Macau and Hong Kong for more freedom while at the same time maintaining China 's claim of sovereignty over them . Hong Kong is likely to be in focus this congress because of its upcoming elections . -- How to manage its growing economic and political strength overseas without triggering a backlash among other countries , especially its neighbors and the United States . Following three decades of economic reform , China is now an extremely complex and diverse country . Problems of regional rivalries , corruption , environmental degradation , joblessness , fiscal shakiness , massive in-migration and social tension are now visible features of China 's political and social landscape . What the CCP will have to face is that the old way of governing -- rule by edict over a submissive and poorly informed population -- is no longer working . More and more Chinese are informed through the power of the media , particularly through microblogging sites like Weibo which are now a valuable litmus of popular public opinion . More than 500 million Chinese are internet users , and the country 's microbloggers are believed to number more than 200 million users . More and more Chinese are unafraid to air their grievances , leading to thousands of "  mass incidents " or spontaneous protests every year sparked by corruption , environmental damage , official abuse and land grabs .	China 's National People 's Congress meets every year The Congress is largely a rubber stamp parliament It nevertheless gives outsiders a rare glimpse into the direction of Chinese policy The Congress is set to authorize the appointment of Xi Jinping to lead the party
CNN  Sorry , Spotify , but it appears Taylor Swift has found someone else to fill that "  Blank Space . " Billboard reports that most of Swift 's albums are streaming on TIDAL , the music service recently purchased by Jay Z via his S. Carter Enterprises . In November , Swift refused to allow from Spotify to stream her new album "  1989 " and pulled the rest of her catalog from the site . The singer has been outspoken about her beliefs that the current state of the music industry is making it hard for artists  Spotify reportedly pays between $ .006 and $ .0084 per stream  and has endorsed the buying and selling of digital and physical albums rather than streaming . Taylor Swift pulls her music from Spotify Music sales have declined sharply in the past few years , and in July , Swift wrote an opinion piece for The Wall Street Journal about the future of the music industry in which she touched on the issue . Customers "  are buying only the  albums  that hit them like an arrow through the heart or have made them feel strong or allowed them to feel like they really are n't alone in feeling so alone , " she wrote . "  It is n't as easy today as it was 20 years ago to have a multiplatinum-selling album , and as artists , that should challenge and motivate us . " Spotify CEO Daniel Ek responded in a blog post to the singer/songwriter 's decision to deny her music to his 40 million-plus customers . His company was not the enemy , he said . "  Spotify has paid more than two billion dollars to labels , publishers and collecting societies for distribution to songwriters and recording artists , " Ek wrote . "  When I hear stories about artists and songwriters who say they 've seen little or no money from streaming and are naturally angry and frustrated , I 'm really frustrated too . The music industry is changing -- and we 're proud of our part in that change -- but lots of problems that have plagued the industry since its inception continue to exist . " In January , Jay Z 's company bid more than $ 56 million for TIDAL , which is billing itself as "  the first music streaming service that combines the best High Fidelity sound quality , High Definition music videos and expertly Curated Editorial . " It 's available in the U.S. and UK for $ 19.99 a month . According to Billboard , Swift 's "  1989 " album , which was the biggest seller of 2014 , is not currently on TIDAL . But it does include new releases like Kendrick Lamar 's "  To Pimp a Butterfly " and Modest Mouse 's "  Strangers to Ourselves . "	Swift pulled her music from Spotify last year Jay Z bid more than $ 56 million for the streaming site It 's being billed as a high end streaming report
CNN  -- The Williams sisters have not had it easy in recent years . Two of the modern era 's most successful women tennis players have been beset by health problems which have deprived the game of two of its most marketable stars . Serena has overcome life-threatening blood clots on both lungs , while older sibling Venus is this week making her long-awaited WTA Tour comeback as she battles a debilitating illness that has sidelined her since last year 's U.S. Open . After pulling out of her second-round match in New York , Venus revealed she had been diagnosed with Sjogren 's syndrome -- an incurable condition which affects energy levels and causes pain in the joints . "  I just did n't feel well before my second-round match , to the point where I could n't play , " the 31-year-old told CNN 's Connect the World show . "  At the beginning of the tournament , I was n't sure how far I would get or what I would do , I was kind of living on a hope and a dream . " After a glittering 18-year professional career which has seen her become the first black woman to be ranked world No. 1 in the Open era , winning seven grand slam singles titles and 12 major doubles crowns alongside Serena , Williams would have been forgiven for deciding to chuck in the towel . But , instead of eying an early retirement , the winner of three Olympic gold medals set her sights on managing her illness and returning to the baseline ahead of this year 's London Games . "  When you do n't feel well and things are taken away from you , it 's hard to stay positive , " the former world No. 1 said . "  But , for me , it is not an option to get negative or to feel sorry for myself . "  It 's easy to say , ` I 've done enough ' -- or it would be easy to go on a permanent vacation . But I need to look back and know that I gave everything . "  I know I still have so much more . Before I was sick I was on top of the world in singles and doubles . So that 's my goal , to return to that . " Williams has played just one Fed Cup doubles rubber for the U.S. team and an exhibition match against Serena since withdrawing in New York on August 31 , and she will make her return as a wildcard at the Miami Masters this week -- an event she has won on three occasions . "  I 'm looking forward to coming back , " she said . "  Sjogren 's syndrome definitely changed my life , it changed everything . It changed how I eat , it changed my whole life . " Learning to manage her condition has given Williams hope of returning to her imperious best . By managing her diet , she is aiming to one day play unaffected by the syndrome 's debilitating symptoms . "  I do n't think the road will be perfect , but I think I can get it as close to perfect as possible , " she said . "  My hope is to be symptom-free one day . I work with my doctors on that , but also I work on my diet , which I 've found has been huge . With Sjogren 's you deal with a lot of fatigue and joint pain and inflammation . "  It 's because of the things I 'm eating . I 've started eating raw , vegan , unprocessed foods , doing lots of juicing , I juice twice a day . I drink wheatgrass . For me , it 's worth doing everything I can to get back to what I love doing . " Another motivator for Williams is the prospect of challenging for a fourth Olympic gold medal in London , where the tennis tournament will be held at Wimbledon . Williams has enjoyed huge success at the All England Club in the past , having won five singles titles and four doubles crowns at the prestigious grass-court venue . "  For me , the Olympics have been the pinnacle of my career -- this will be my fourth , " she said . "  Serena and I talk about playing in every Olympics possible , we keep saying how we 're going to be take spots on the team forever ! "  It is our dream , it is beyond our dreams . To participate would be great , to win something would be amazing . "	Venus and Serena Williams have been beset by health issues in recent times Serena suffered blood clots on her lungs , and Venus has Sjogren 's syndrome Seven-time grand slam winner Venus makes her return to the WTA Tour on Wednesday The former world No. 1 has not played since pulling out of the U.S. Open in August 2011
Northampton , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Three teens accused in the bullying of a Massachusetts high school student who committed suicide pleaded not guilty to related charges Tuesday . Sean Mulveyhill , 17 , Kayla Narey , 17 , and Austin Renaud , 18 , were not present at Hampshire Superior Court . They entered their pleas through their lawyers . Judge Judd Carhart upheld an agreement between prosecutors and defense attorneys that the defendants report to State Police barracks for booking before Friday . They must also stay away from the family of Phoebe Prince , the dead student . Terrence Dunphy , attorney for Renaud , did not comment on the status of his client , but told reporters that Renaud is innocent . The body of 15-year-old Phoebe was found hanging in the stairway leading to her family 's second-floor apartment in South Hadley on January 14 , Northwestern District Attorney Elizabeth D. Scheibel told reporters last month . Phoebe underwent what Scheibel described as a months-long campaign of bullying that led to her commit suicide . The girl was on the receiving end of "  verbally assaultive behavior and threats of physical harm ... on school grounds , by several South Hadley High School students , " Scheibel said . In the indictments , returned last month , the Hampshire County grand jury charged Mulveyhill , of South Hadley , with statutory rape , violation of civil rights with resulting bodily injury , criminal harassment and disturbance of a school assembly . The indictments charged Renaud , of Springfield , with statutory rape . Kayla Narey , of South Hadley , was charged with violation of civil rights with resulting bodily injury , criminal harassment and disturbance of a school assembly . Charges against another three girls included violation of civil rights with resulting bodily injury ; two also were charged with stalking . South Hadley Public Schools Superintendent Gus Sayer defended school administrators ' handling of the matter , saying Phoebe had not alerted anyone to her situation . "  She did n't reveal to people what she was being subjected to and , unfortunately , until January 7 we were not aware of what she was being subjected to , so -LSB- there was -RSB- very little way we could have intervened in the bullying , " he said . Sayer cited two incidents that occurred on January 7 , a week before Phoebe 's death . In one , a girl walked into a classroom and called Phoebe "  an Irish slut , " he said . The name caller was taken to the principal 's office and disciplined , he said . In the other , a girl "  said something threatening about Phoebe " to another girl , he said . A staff member overheard the comment and reported it to the principal , who took disciplinary action , Sayer said . He said it was school policy not to specify what disciplinary actions may have been taken against any individual student , though he said the latter case did not include expulsion and that the student returned to school . "  To our knowledge the action taken was effective in ending their involvement in any bullying of Phoebe , " he said . Phoebe , who had recently moved to the area with her family from Ireland , also was harassed as she walked through the halls of the school on the day of her death and as she walked on the street toward her home , Scheibel said . The harassment that day , by one male and two females , "  appears to have been motivated by the group 's displeasure with Phoebe 's brief dating relationship with a male student that had ended six weeks earlier , " she said . None of the six students identified in the indictment remains in school , Sayer said . CNN 's Brian Vitagliano contributed to this report .	Sean Mulveyhill , Kayla Narey and Austin Renaud enter pleas through their lawyers Phoebe Prince 's body was found hanging the stairway leading to her family 's apartment Schools superintendent defends administrators ' handling of the matter Superintendent Gus Sayer : "  She did n't reveal to people what she was being subjected to "
Editor 's Note : Lt. Gen. Russel Honore led the military response to Hurricanes Katrina and Rita . As Commanding General First U.S. Army , Honore commanded Joint Task Force - Katrina . In the aftermath of Katrina , New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin called Honore "  a John Wayne dude " who can "  get some stuff done . " Honore , 60 , is a native of Louisiana and has many relatives living there . He retired from active service in March and is a CNN contributor . The following is an edited interview with Honore conducted last night . Russel L. Honore says Americans must embrace a culture of preparedness for a host of disasters . CNN  -- How is this situation different from the response to Katrina ? Katrina did n't have nearly the organized evacuation of the lower parishes that we 've seen . If you start with this evacuation , you give it a thumbs-up . The levees have been reinforced , they 're in better shape . The question is : Are they good enough ? After Katrina , the federal government left planners down there for over a year to write this plan that 's being executed now . All indications are that there is good coordination , good collaboration . Evacuation is the easiest part of fighting hurricanes . This is like the pre-game show . You 've got power , you 've got cars . The hard part is after the storm , doing search and rescues , taking care of people who should have evacuated and did n't . People on the street have spent the past three years just trying to recover . This is a region that is really struggling , it 's an area that is very nervous . We owe them the best that can be done . What kind of condition are the levees in ? The government decided that we 're going to fix the levees that were broken . They have been repaired in the finest fashion . But do n't think that we 're going to have 100 percent protection -LSB- from the levees -RSB- . There 's a limit to what you can do to protect yourself from flooding . iReport.com : Leaving home ? Share your story People talk about the Dutch . But the Dutch do n't get hurricanes . When you 're dealing with a storm surge of 30 feet , you 're talking about a whole different ballgame . We have over 300 miles of levees . I would not count on levees during a hurricane to save your life . Levees will give you early warning . If you 're living behind a levee , you need to be prepared to evacuate at any time . That 's Russel Honore 's rule No. 1 . If you live along the Mississippi River or on the Gulf Coast , rule No. 2 is : It 's going to flood . What about the people who did n't evacuate ? The key thing , if they 're sheltered in place -- if you 're at home now , you can still expect to lose power if you 're within 120 miles of the storm , and well before the eye of the storm occurs . ... You need to be prepared to lose power for up to a week . You need to have food and water on hand , you need good batteries for your weather radio . You need to be aware you could start seeing tornadoes on the coast . Watch residents leaving " What are the longer term lessons ? We need to build a culture of preparedness . We need to assure that every kid who goes to school in America knows how to swim . The number of EMS teams and ambulances is not tracking with the growth in population . We need to teach more of our people first aid . The federal government ought to be there to back the states up , we need to build a culture of preparedness in each . Why are we sending people there to issue them ice and water ? We should be empowering people to act locally . The key to hurricane preparation is family preparation . If families are prepared , we lose fewer lives . Government has to set standards for institutions like nursing homes and hospitals and for homes where people with mental or physical disabilities are kept . They should be evacuated well before the general population . We have to decide how close we should have those types of institutions to the coastline and to areas that will probably be flooded . That part of the population is just too vulnerable . We need to create a national preparedness plan , with a local civil defense corps . We need dual trained teachers who can be disaster responders . We need to equip each high schools with satellite communications . We need drugstores with generators in each geographical area ... If you lose power , people can still get medicine . Gas stations along interstate highways need to have generators . We need cellphone towers that could be lowered before the storm and then raised after the storm . For every dollar you spend in preparedness before the disaster you save $ 9 after the disaster . Since Katrina , FEMA and DHS have focused on fixing the problems we saw with Katrina . It looks like they 've gotten there , but we face a hell of a lot of things more than just hurricanes . I went to some government buildings Friday down in New Orleans . They still do n't have enough back-up power . What do you think of the decision by the Republican Party to scale back parts of its convention because of the storm ? It seemed to be the appropriate thing to do . But let 's turn this into something . The American Red Cross has spent $ 20 million getting prepared for the storm . Let 's turn it -LSB- the convention -RSB- into a fundraiser for the American Red Cross , let 's turn this into a positive . They should challenge the Democrats to see who can raise the most money . The opinions expressed in this q-and-a are solely those of the subject of the interview .	Honore : New Orleans levees reinforced , they 're in better shape Evacuation is the easiest part of fighting hurricanes We need to create a national preparedness plan Every dollar spent preparing , saves $ 9 after the disaster
The campaign trail for two candidates in top-tier Senate races took a detour Thursday to a Capitol Hill committee room for a high-profile hearing on Ebola . The outbreak has become a wild card issue in the midterm elections , and both Iowa Democratic Rep. Bruce Braley and Colorado Republican Rep. Cory Gardner were eager to question top Obama administration officials about the federal response at a hearing that was carried live on most television networks . Braley is running neck-and-neck for the open Senate seat against GOP state Sen. Joni Ernst , who repeatedly tries to tie him to President Barack Obama and his policies . But Braley used his opening statement to criticize the federal efforts to date , saying , "  the administration did not act fast enough in responding in Texas . " Braley also name-dropped an Iowa company that is working on an Ebola vaccine and pressed Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , for information on how quickly the government could help advance the company 's research . Like many other GOP Senate candidates , Gardner , who is competing against Democratic Sen. Mark Udall , came out in favor of a travel ban for those flying to and from countries in Africa fighting the Ebola epidemic . He used his time at Thursday 's hearing to question Tom Frieden , the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , about his reluctance to put more limits on travel . Federal officials worry that a travel ban would make it harder to track people because they could take circuitous routes to get into the country . "  Their reasons today are basically the same thing as saying that all children with chicken pox stay in school so we know who they are . It simply makes no sense . We must make sure we are protecting the American people by making sure that travel from the affected area is restricted , " Gardner said . It was clear that members of both parties who traveled back to Washington during a week when Congress was n't in session wanted to show voters back home they are responding to the crisis and holding federal officials accountable . "  It 's become the top issue , " the No. 3 House Republican leader , Rep. Steve Scalise , R-Louisiana , said about Ebola and the midterm elections , which are just 19 days away . Rob Collins , the executive director of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , told reporters Thursday that concern about Ebola is showing up in his party 's internal polling and that GOP candidates are responding to the public 's worries about the spread of the disease . "  It think the Republicans have been offering pretty concrete leadership on this issue , including calls for travel bans and such that you 're starting to see the Democrats mirror , " he said . On Thursday , a pair of House Democrats -- Reps. John Barrow of Georgia and Nick Rahall of West Virginia , who are in competitive races -- also publicly called for the administration to enact travel restrictions . Barrow also recommended a 21-day voluntary quarantine for those traveling to the United States from countries affected by Ebola . Louisiana GOP Rep. Bill Cassidy , a physician who is running against Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu , did n't return to Washington for the hearing , but he scheduled a conference call with reporters Thursday afternoon . He said that voters are approaching him as he travels around the state , and he slammed Obama 's handling of the issue . "  It seems to be part of a broader narrative that that administration lacks leadership , and that the senator whom I 'm running against frankly enables the administration and is part of their lack of leadership , " Cassidy said . Landrieu focused her response to the Ebola outbreak by calling on the federal government to increase airport screenings . "  I urge the administration to expand the current screenings from five to all 20 airports in the United States where tourists , international workers and business leaders from West Africa arrive , " Landrieu said . "  In addition , it is important to remember , in the face of constant calls for budget cuts , that the investments we make today in our health care system , NIH research and emergency response training at our hospitals can help prevent and quickly contain diseases like Ebola . "	The outbreak of the Ebola disease has become a wild card issue in the midterm elections Two candidates in high-profile Senate races sat on panel holding Ebola hearing Thursday Several House Democrats in competitive races have come out supporting travel restrictions Candidates who did n't attend the hearing used the timing to make campaign statements
CNN  -- Former U.S. President Bill Clinton landed in North Korea early Tuesday on a mission to negotiate the release of two American journalists imprisoned there since March , according to the country 's state news agency and a CNN source . Former U.S. President Bill Clinton is shown at an environmental summit in Seoul , South Korea , in May . The North Korean news agency KCNA did not disclose the purpose of the visit in its three-line dispatch . But a source with detailed knowledge of the former president 's movements told CNN late Monday that Clinton was going to seek the release of Laura Ling and Euna Lee , both reporters for California-based Current TV -- media venture launched by Clinton 's former vice president , Al Gore . Meeting Clinton were the vice president of North Korea 's Supreme People 's Assembly , Yang Hyong Sop , and Kim Kye Gwan , the vice foreign minister , KCNA reported , adding that "  a little girl presented a bouquet to Bill Clinton . " The women were arrested while reporting on the border between North Korea and China and sentenced in June to 12 years in prison on charges of entering the country illegally to conduct a smear campaign . Since the United States has no diplomatic relations with North Korea , efforts to resolve the issue so far have been handled through Sweden , which represents U.S. interests in the reclusive communist state . Watch what may lie behind the pick of Bill Clinton " Last month , Clinton 's wife -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton -- said the Obama administration had dropped its request for Ling and Lee to be released on humanitarian grounds and instead was seeking amnesty , which implies forgiveness for an offense . This change in language is an important distinction that could move North Korea to release the women without feeling that its legal system has been slighted , according to analyst Mike Chinoy . "  I suspect that it was made pretty clear in advance that Bill Clinton would be able to return with these two women otherwise it would be a terrible loss of face for him , " said Chinoy , an Edgerton Senior Fellow on Asia at the Pacific Council on International Policy in Los Angeles . "  The bigger , broader and more important question is what else could be on the agenda . Will Clinton be carrying a letter from Barack Obama for the North Korean leader Kim Jong Il ? Will he meet Kim Jong Il ? " Clinton 's mission comes as the United States and its allies in the region are trying to push North Korea back into stalled nuclear disarmament talks . North Korea conducted a nuclear bomb test , its second , in May , and has conducted several missile tests since then . The United Nations responded by tightening and expanding sanctions on the North . The two nations were on opposite sides in the 1950-1953 Korean War and had no regular contacts before a 1994 crisis over North Korea 's nuclear program . North Korea agreed at that time to halt the development of nuclear weapons , but abandoned that accord and withdrew from the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 2003 . Clinton had considered visiting North Korea in 2000 near the end of his second term as president . His secretary of state , Madeleine Albright , had gone to Pyongyang in early 2000 to meet with North Korean leader Kim Jong Il -- now widely reported to be ill . CNN 's Charlie Moore contributed to this report .	NEW : Signs point to Clinton being able to win amnesty for reporters , Chinoy says Reporters Ling and Lee work for Gore 's Current TV The United States has no diplomatic relations with North Korea Bill Clinton visit comes amid North Korean impasse over its nuclear program
Kansas City , Missouri  CNN  -- Deborah Bradley appeared calm and joyful just hours before her baby daughter was reported missing , according to a supermarket clerk who sold her baby wipes , baby food and boxed wine . "  She had a smile on her face , like she always does when she comes in here , " said clerk Rebecca Guerrero , whom FBI agents interviewed Saturday about conversations she 'd had with Bradley . Surveillance video recorded at a grocery store on October 3 shows Bradley and a man purchasing the items from Guerrero the day before 11-month-old Lisa Irwin was reported missing . Police , who were joined in their search effort by federal authorities last week , have said they have no suspects or solid leads in Lisa 's disappearance . In an exclusive interview with CNN , Guerrero described the FBI agents ' questions . "  They pretty much asked me if she was depressed , ... how she acted around the baby , if she seemed stressed out , " Guerrero said . "  I told them she never looked depressed around me . You know , she always seemed to have a smile on her face when her kids were around . " Bradley and the girl 's father , Jeremy Irwin , are friendly people who were thrilled to have a baby daughter , Guerrero said . "  When they 're here , they 're happy . They 're smiling . They love their kids , " she said . After two years chatting with Bradley in the checkout line at Festival Foods in Kansas City , Missouri , Guerrero said she had learned a lot about the family . "  We would just pretty much talk about what they 've been doing , stuff like that ; the children , her two sons , and then when she found out she was pregnant with Lisa , that 's all we talked about , " Guerrero said . The supermarket clerk said she also told FBI agents Lisa 's parents never mentioned anyone wanting to harm them . "  From my interaction  with the parents  , I really do n't think that they have anything to do with this , " she told CNN . Authorities had expressed frustration recently after Lisa 's parents had stopped cooperating with investigators , police Capt. Steve Young said . However , a family spokeswoman for Bradley and father Jeremy Irwin attributed the frustration to "  miscommunication , " and a subsequent meeting with the parents was held Saturday . On Tuesday , Irwin 's family announced they had brought in a prominent private investigator to help with the search -- a high-profile twist in a case that has gripped national headlines . Flanked by family members wearing T-shirts with a picture of Lisa and the word "  Kidnapped " above it , investigator Bill Stanton said Tuesday night that he wants a "  happy ending " to the case . He told CNN a family friend was paying for his services . "  I will be asking questions , " he added . "  I am here to seek the truth . " Stanton is a former New York City police officer who has served as a security consultant for several television networks . He said his role is to help "  coordinate and focus the family " in both the investigation and in its dealings with the media . "  We are here to cooperate with anyone and everyone that will help us find the guilty party and return Lisa home safely , " he said . Stanton said the family , which remains united and strong despite the "  tremendous hardship , " will release more information soon . He did not elaborate . "  I know everybody 's watching this family and watching this house , and that 's fair , " he said . "  Keep one eye on them , but also keep the other eye out on the streets , in every place . Because there is a bad guy out there , or bad people , with this child . And we want to get this child home safe and sound . " Lisa was last seen around 10:30 p.m. October 3 , asleep in her crib , police said . Authorities were called to the home about 4 a.m. October 4 . She turned 11 months old Tuesday , the eighth day of the search . On Tuesday , authorities focused on an abandoned home about a half mile from the Irwin home , and included an inspection of a well in the backyard of the property . The search did not yield any evidence , police said . Authorities had previously combed a nearby landfill and creek . "  It appears the suspect entered/exited through a bedroom window , " authorities said in a statement . "  Evidence at the scene leads police to believe the child has been abducted . " Lisa 's father , Jeremy Irwin , told reporters that he discovered the girl was missing when he got home from work . "  The front door was unlocked , " he said last week . "  Most of the lights were on in the house , and the window in front was open -- all very unusual . " Three cell phones were also reported missing at the home , Young said . Lisa is described as 30 inches tall with blue eyes and blond hair , police said . She weighs between 26 and 30 pounds and was last seen wearing purple shorts and a purple shirt with white kittens on it . The missing girl has two bottom teeth and a "  beauty mark " on her right outer thigh . She had a cold with a cough , police said . CNN 's Bill Kirkos and Karan Olson contributed to this report .	NEW : Supermarket clerk : Mom of the missing baby never seemed depressed Investigator Bill Stanton says he wants a "  happy ending " Lisa turned 11 months on Tuesday , the eighth day of the search She was last seen in her crib the night of October 3
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Dr. Conrad Murray left the Los Angeles County jail under sheriff 's escort , avoiding reporters and Michael Jackson fans waiting for his release early Monday . Murray , who served two years of a four-year sentence for causing Michael Jackson 's death , was driven away in a sheriff 's car for the "  safety and security " of the jail , sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said . The handful of Jackson fans gathered outside the jail accused the Los Angeles County sheriff of showing favoritism to Murray by slipping him out of the jail through a back exit , instead of the door where freed prisoners normally leave . Murray , who the sheriff 's spokesman described as an exemplary inmate , was kept away from the general inmate population during his two years in the jail . He was also allowed to have liberal use of a telephone inside his cell during his last year . Murray 's lawyer told reporters outside the jail that he would try to get his medical licenses reinstated in California , Texas and Nevada so he can resume the medical career interrupted by his conviction on the involuntary manslaughter in 2011 . A jury concluded after a two-month trial that Murray 's negligence led to Jackson 's death from an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol . The cardiologist , who was hired to serve as the pop icon 's personal doctor for his comeback tour in 2009 , told investigators he gave Jackson nightly infusions of propofol to treat his intractable insomnia for two months so he could rest for rehearsals . Prosecutors argued that his negligence included leaving Jackson unmonitored and unattended while the powerful anesthetic was being pumped into his vein through an IV drip . Deputy District Attorney David Walgren , arguing for the maximum four years in jail , said Murray was "  playing Russian roulette with Michael Jackson 's life every single night , " by using propofol to put him to sleep in "  a reckless , obscene manner . " Murray 's lawyers unsuccessfully argued that Jackson self-administered the drug while Murray was out of his bedroom . He remained unremorseful during his two years in jail . "  My entire approach may not have been an orthodox approach , but my intentions were good , " Murray told CNN 's Anderson Cooper interview last April . He said his intentions were to wean Jackson from propofol . He said he succeeded in eliminating propofol from his insomnia treatment three days before Jackson 's death . "  I explained to Michael that this is an artificial way of considering sleep . It was basically sedation , minimal sedation , " he told Cooper . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor imposed the maximum sentence on Murray , even though the doctor was technically eligible for probation . Pastor , in a 30-minute speech explaining his sentence , cited Murray 's "  pattern of deceit and lies . That pattern was to assist Dr. Murray . " Jackson died "  not because of an isolated one-off occurrence or incident , " Pastor said . "  He died because of a totality of circumstances which are directly attributable to Dr. Murray ... because of a series of decisions that Dr. Murray made . " Murray , he said , became involved in "  a cycle of horrible medicine . " Jackson family members and fans have complained that Murray should have been prosecuted for second degree murder -- not manslaughter .	NEW : Sheriff gives Dr. Murray an escort to avoid media , fans outside of jail NEW : Sheriff spokesman calls Murray an "  exemplary " inmate The cardiologist ca n't treat patients since his medical licenses are suspended Murray remains unremorseful about his treatment of Michael Jackson
CNN  -- A computer glitch forced Southwest Airlines to ground 250 flights , the company said early Saturday . Flights already in the air were not affected by the glitch , which started late Friday night . Most flights resumed takeoff early Saturday after the airline resorted to a backup system . "  Flights have started to depart , but employees are working through a manual process so their routine work flow is taking a bit longer , " said Michelle Agnew , a spokeswoman for the airline . "  The manual process is involved because the team does n't have access to all of the normal tools they would use to be able to communicate and dispatch flights . " Agnew said the glitch was in the internal system used to dispatch flights . It mostly affected planes on the ground that were scheduled to depart , she said . All Southwest flights were affected , but because the glitch occurred late , most of the planes waiting to fly were limited to the West Coast , she said . Major Southwest hubs in Phoenix , Las Vegas and Oakland , California , had grounded their flights . Southwest has an estimated 3,400 flights daily .	Flights already in the air were not affected by the breakdown Southwest : The internal system used to dispatch flights was down The late timing of the glitch mostly affected flights in the West Coast
