Washington  CNN  -- A major online sports betting operation known as Legendz Sports , which allegedly took in more than $ 1 billion in illegal sports bets , has been busted , and dozens of individuals and related businesses have been indicted , the Justice Department announced Wednesday . Government prosecutors said that a federal grand jury seated in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , returned indictments against 34 individuals associated with Legendz and 23 business entities that helped facilitate the operation . The operation was first run out of Costa Rica , and then from Panama City , Panama , according to the indictment . "  Today 's charges demonstrate that we are as determined as ever to hold accountable those involved in facilitating illegal online gambling by U.S. citizens , regardless of where the business operates , or where the defendants reside , " said Acting Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman . Most of the gamblers who used the service were in the United States , authorities said . U.S. Attorney Sanford Coats in Oklahoma City said the FBI and IRS had been working on the case for several years . Authorities said if convicted the defendants face up to 20 years in prison for racketeering , up to 20 years for conspiring to commit money laundering , up to ten years for money laundering and up to five years for operating an illegal gambling business . The chief organizer of the sports gambling operation is identified as Bartice "  Luke " King , who opened MVP Sports in 2002 in San Jose , Costa Rica . The following year he moved the operation to Panama and renamed it Legendz , the indictment says . King , 46 , is a legal resident of Spring , Texas . Prosecutors said they will seek forfeiture of real estate , bank accounts , a Sabreliner aircraft , and a variety of financial instruments connected to the operation .	A federal grand jury in Oklahoma City indicts 34 individuals and 23 business entities Prosecutors say the FBI and IRS worked on the case for several years The operation was first run out of Costa Rica , then from Panama City , Panama
CNN  -- Ernie Els insists his game is in good shape despite missing the cut at the Scottish Open days before his title defense at the British Open begins . On another day of low scores on the links course at Castle Stuart in the Scottish Highlands , Els did shoot at two-under par 70 . But his five birdies came with three bogeys to leave him tied for 97th . His overall score was also at two under , 10 shots behind surprise leader Chris Doak of Scotland . "  I thought I played quite well today but I had no idea on these greens so I am glad I am leaving to get on some other greens , " said Els . "  A missed cut is not great but we have had a great time here . "  I did not get the run of the course , it felt like it was against me , but I am playing nicely and gave myself a lot of opportunities . My game is where I want it to be . It did not quite go my way these last two days and I made a couple of silly errors , soft bogeys , yesterday . "  It 's not the first cut I 've missed and it wo n't be the last . " He hopes the next one , though , wo n't come at Muirfield next week . Doak , ranked 341st in his second full season on the European Tour , struck five birdies , one eagle and one bogey as she shot a six-under 66 for the second consecutive round . He has found it difficult to make an impact on the European Tour , only finishing once in the top 20 in his last 16 events . Doak , though , made his maiden appearance at a major at last month 's U.S. Open at Merion . "  It 's absolutely phenomenal to shoot 66-66 in the first two days , " Doak told the European Tour 's website . "  You start the week thinking you want to go low but to actually do it is fantastic . "  I just feel it has been coming all year but just maybe have n't put it all together . These two days , I 've definitely put it together . " He leads four golfers by a shot , with Phil Mickelson -- the highest-ranked player in the field at No. 8 -- four shots behind Doak . The four-time major winner shot a 70 , which was n't as good as his 66 on Thursday . First-round leader John Parry is tied for 13th with Mickelson . Hindered by a pair of double bogeys , he followed his 64 with a par 72 .	Ernie Els says his game is where he wants it to be despite missing the cut at Castle Stuart Els is the defending champion at the British Open , which starts next week at Muirfield Scotland 's Chris Doak leads through two rounds , with Phil Mickelson tied for 13th
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- In Tripoli , "  no guns " signs outnumber ones that say , "  no smoking . " Khadija Teri made that telling observation in her blog a few days back . She witnessed men drawing weapons while arguing on the street . "  Seeing men shouting , waving guns and pointing them at each other just because of a silly argument is frightening , " she wrote . A year after the start of the Libyan revolution , human rights groups describe a nation of lawless militias who commit crimes with impunity and threaten to destabilize the nation by hindering efforts to rebuild . Amnesty International said abuses committed by militias amount to war crimes and the monitoring group called on Libyan authorities to rein them in . Otherwise , Amnesty said , the risks Libyans took to demand justice in their homeland , could end up being in vain . A year ago , Libyans dared to take to the streets of Benghazi , their simmering anger heated to a boil by the arrest of human rights lawyer Fathi Terbil . As many as 2,000 protesters gathered outside of government offices . They chanted slogans against Moammar Gadhafi , the man who had ruled them with a firm grip for four decades . It was unimaginable then that he could ever be ousted from power . But the Libyans persisted , inspired by their neighbors to the east and west . They called for a "  Day of Rage " on February 17 . After that , the protests intensified and spread and eight long months later , after brutal fighting and a NATO air campaign , Gadhafi was defeated . This week , Libyans could hardly believe a year has passed by . Since October , when Gadhafi was captured and killed , many aspects of life seem normal . But in important ways , Libya has foundered . Perhaps the nation is no different than any other that is recovering from trauma and massive upheaval . Frustration is palpable on the streets , as is an unease about what the future might hold . As Libyans prepare to celebrate their freedom , revolutionary fighters in the capital are on high alert and additional checkpoints have sprouted everywhere . Ordinary Libyans cling to the optimism that blossomed with the first protests in Benghazi last February . Building a nation after four decades of tyranny is no easy task , they say . At the main plaza that Gadhafi called Green Square  it 's now known as Martyr 's Square  , revolutionary music blares from cars . But many still fear former regime loyalists might try to disrupt anniversary celebrations or somehow still destroy the new Libya . In recent days , text messages have circulated among former regime loyalists calling for their own uprising to "  liberate  Tripoli  from the NATO revolution . " Videos by what is being self described as the Libyan "  resistance " have also emerged on social media sites . Only 17 % of Libyans feel people can be trusted , found an Oxford Research International poll , touted as the first national survey of Libya and startling in some of its revelations . Consider that only 29 % of Libyans said they would prefer to live in a democracy ; 35 % said they would still prefer rule by a strong leader . And 16 % of the 2,000 Libyans surveyed were ready to resort to violence for political ends . That means 630,000 people are potential fighters , in addition to the 280,000 people who previously picked up a gun . The revolutionary militias on the streets call themselves their nation 's heroes . They are the ones who drove out Gadhafi , after all . They insist on retaining arms to protect their revolution , especially given that military and police presence is virtually nonexistent . Mohammed , 28 , says Libya 's government is weak ; its defenses not strong enough . The nation needs a government that can quickly integrate revolutionary factions under one umbrella ; one that can activate a functioning judiciary . Recruit a national army , he says . Without strong national reconciliation measures , Mohammed fears that Libya will risk civil war . "  I am hoping for the best every day , " he says . But he worries . And is not alone in his fears . Criticism has been rising of the National Transitional Council and the performance of the interim government . Many Libyans say they are frustrated with the slow pace of rebuilding , not unusual for a nation almost starting from scratch . But the question is will the Libyan government be able to maintain confidence of its people ? Other Libyans decry the lack of transparency in decision-making and the government 's inability to impose authority over the the militias . Tripoli residents complain of daily cuts in electricity and an ill-equipped health care system . Some of that frustration has surfaced very publicly . Last month angry protesters stormed the NTC headquarters in Benghazi and the deputy head of the council , Abdulhafidh Ghoga resigned from his post amid the protests . Government officials argue that they have inherited a mess left behind from the four decades of Gadhafi rule . They have pleaded for patience . Anes AlSharif , the former spokesman for the Tripoli Military Council , an umbrella group of the armed factions in the capital , blames the current situation on the lack of leadership by the civilian authority . "  There is a feeling growing that the NTC is not doing enough towards driving this revolution from phase one to phase two in this transitional period , " he says . Libyans have only to look at Egypt to see how prickly the revolutionary journey can be . "  It is a government with no real power and what it really needs is to have a partnership with the guys who are on the ground and make them a part of this state , " AlSharif says . Voters are set to go to the polls at the end of June to pick a national assembly that will be tasked with drafting a constitution . The goal before was to get rid of Gadhafi . Now , Libya 's leaders will have to unify the nation with new goals -- ones that respect the enormous sacrifices of the Libyan people , AlSharif says . "  We need to be faithful to their sacrifices to our country and to ... remember the goal of this revolution was not one to get rid of the Gadhafi regime and to create chaos , " he says . "  This would be a disaster , an ultimate betrayal to our guys who fell in the fight for freedom and to establish an advanced modern state . " The objectives may seem lofty at times , but Friday , Libyans are taking stock in what they have already gained . "  We never believed that this revolution will come and now it 's a reality so we feel like we are in a dream , " says Minister of Planning Essa Tuwegiart . Journalist Ramadan Jarbou , however , knows it 's very real . He no longer has to dote on each word , consider its consequences . No one bothers him after he publishes an article . The Benghazi writer erupts in stinging statements about Gadhafi 's neglect of Libya . "  I can express myself , " he says . And that , he says , was why the revolution was worth it . Jomana Karadsheh reported from Tripoli and Moni Basu , from Atlanta .	Tensions are high on the first anniversary of Libya 's revolution Human rights groups warn that armed militias threaten Libya 's stability A national survey found a lack of trust is prevalent among Libyans Some Libyans are frustrated with the pace of progress
CNN  -- Two Russian bombers have landed at a Venezuelan airfield where they will carry out training flights for several days , the Russian defense ministry said Wednesday . Russia 's Tupolev TU-160 , pictured here in 2003 , is a long-range strategic bomber . The Tupolev Tu-160 strategic bombers landed at Venezuela 's Libertador military airfield and "  will spend several days carrying out training flights over neutral waters , after which they will return to the base , " the ministry added . NATO fighters followed the bombers on their 13-hour flight over the Arctic Ocean and the Atlantic , the defense ministry said . It said the Russian flights were carried out in strict accordance with international rules governing airspace above neutral waters , and that the aircraft did not violate the borders of other states . Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said such joint exercises between nations are not unusual . "  We exercise all around the globe and have joint exercises with countries all over the world . So do many other nations . " The U.S. will monitor the Russian-Venezuelan training , said Pentagon officials who asked not to be identified as they are not authorized to speak on the information . On Monday , Russia announced it might hold joint naval maneuvers with Venezuela in the Caribbean . The declaration came amid increased tension between Russia and the United States over Russia 's invasion last month of the former Soviet republic of Georgia , a U.S. ally that aspires to join NATO . On Monday Russia denied any link between that announcement and the conflict in Georgia , although Russia has criticized U.S. support for Georgia . Russia has also objected to the missile defense system agreement , signed between the United States and Poland and the Czech Republic in August , that places a ground-based ballistic defense facility in the two eastern European nations . Russia has said the deal threatens its security , while the United States has said that the system is to guard against rogue states such as Iran . Earlier this month , Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , whose comments have frequently antagonized Washington , said it would welcome the Russian air force , according to Russian news agency Novosti . "  If Russian long-range bombers should need to land in Venezuela , we would not object to that either . We will also welcome them , " Chavez said on September 1 , according to Novosti . CNN 's Mike Mount contributed to this story	Moscow : Russian bombers using Venezuela airfield to train over neutral waters Russian defense ministry spokesman : NATO fighters followed bombers News agency : Venezuelan president says he 'd welcome Russian air force Move comes amid growing tension between Washington and Moscow
CNN  -- The United States should drop charges against an Indian diplomat accused of fraud and making false statements on a visa application for her housekeeper , the country 's foreign minister told CNN on Friday . "  I imagine yes , if we think the charges are unwarranted , unjustified , then how would we say , ` But you can carry on , ' " Foreign Minister Salman Khurshid said . "  I mean charges have to be withdrawn . " Devyani Khobragade , India 's deputy consul general in New York , was arrested and stripped-searched last week on charges of visa fraud related to her treatment of a woman she brought from India to work as her housekeeper . She 's accused of telling the U.S. government she would pay the woman , who has been publicly identified as Sangeeta Richard , $ 9.75 an hour . Authorities say in reality , the woman received only $ 3.31 an hour and was told to keep quiet about the arrangement . "  This type of fraud on the United States and exploitation of an individual will not be tolerated , " the chief federal prosecutor in Manhattan , U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara , said Thursday . Khurshid , however , said the matter should have been handled by Indian courts . "  It 's not a really good idea to have people put question marks on the Indian judicial system , " he told CNN . "  We may take time to decide cases in this country , but we have one of the finest rule-of-law institutions . "  I mean if you have a problem , you have a problem about compliance with the labor law , just tell us , " Khurshid said . "  I mean what would we do â $ " either withdraw the person , the employee â $ " or just negotiate a , negotiate some , some exceptions . " Indian diplomat : Does she have immunity ? The incident has outraged Indian politicians , some of whom may be stirring up anti-U.S. sentiment ahead of presidential elections , prompting the removal of barricades from the road leading to the U.S. Embassy . A senior U.S. official expressed concern about removal of the barricades . But Khurshid told CNN 's Mallika Kapur that traffic barricades , not security barricades , were removed . Indian politicians have called the diplomat 's treatment "  barbaric " and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh called her treatment "  deplorable . " Bharara defended how Khobragade was treated , saying officials took pains to treat her better than many other suspects . "  Khobragade was accorded courtesies well beyond what other defendants , most of whom are American citizens , are accorded , " he said Wednesday . "  She was not , as has been incorrectly reported , arrested in front of her children . The agents arrested her in the most discreet way possible , and unlike most defendants , she was not then handcuffed or restrained . " In addition , she was allowed to keep her phone and make calls to arrange personal matters , including child care , he said . Khobragade was strip-searched by a female officer , Bharara said , but noted that 's standard practice for every suspect taken into custody of the U.S. Marshal 's Service . Debate : Arrest , strip-search of Indian diplomat ` barbaric ? ' In a statement , Secretary of State John Kerry expressed "  regret " over the situation , without saying the United States had done anything wrong . State Department spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki said officials are trying to arrange a call between Kerry and Khurshid . She also said the department has not received a request to change the status of the Indian diplomat and that such a change would not wipe out any criminal charges filed before her immunity status changed . Khurshid said Friday he hoped the row would not pose long-term harm to U.S.-Indian relations . "  I think it 's important that we , we understand this is a valuable relationship for both sides . There 's a huge amount of investment both public and private into this relationship , " he said , "  and I do n't think the world wants a relationship like this to deteriorate at all . " Khobragade is charged with one count of visa fraud and one count of making false statements , which carry a combined maximum sentence of 15 years in prison . According to court documents and statements , prosecutors argue she lied in her visa application to bring the housekeeper to the United States , promising to pay her the minimum wage of $ 9.75 . She was actually paid $ 3.31 an hour , prosecutors say . Khobragade allegedly instructed the housekeeper to say she would be paid the higher rate and not mention her actual pay . Khobragade allegedly also had the housekeeper sign another employment contract that "  deleted the required language protecting the victim from other forms of exploitation and abuse " and also deleted language that said Khobragade agreed to abide by U.S. laws , Bharara said Wednesday . That document was n't provided to U.S. authorities as part of the visa application process , authorities said . Her attorney , Dan Arshack , said Thursday that the allegations have "  nothing to do with what the actual facts are . " Richard requested the second contact , Arshack said . The document shows that a portion of Richard 's earnings would be sent to her husband in New Delhi , he said . "  And that 's what happened , " Arshack said . "  And that 's what the documents support . " But Dana Sussman , the housekeeper 's attorney , said his client was only paid the smaller amount , which was deposited into an Indian bank account . Her client denies being given any money in the United States that could be considered a salary , she said . "  I do n't know what he 's talking about , " Sussman said of Arshack 's claims . "  This story seems to keep changing . " Opinion : What about the nanny ? CNN 's Josh Levs , Jethro Mullen , Tom Watkins , Deborah Feyerick , Elise Labott , Harmeet Shah Singh , Ross Levitt and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	U.S. should drop charges , India 's foreign minister says Officials should have referred the situation to Indian officials to handle , Salman Khurshid says Prosecutors say diplomat lied about housekeeper 's pay on visa application She could face up to 15 years in prison
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A Michael Jackson duet with Akon recorded in 2007 will be released Monday morning as the first official single from the late pop star 's next album , Epic Records announced Friday . "  Michael , " Jackson 's first album of new music in nine years , also includes duets with rapper 50 Cent and rocker Lenny Kravitz , according to Epic . It will be released on December 14 . "  Hold My Hand " featuring Akon was chosen to be the first single because the estate found a handwritten note from Jackson that indicated his desire that it be the first single on his next project , the company said . The song is familiar to Jackson fans because an unfinished version of the song leaked onto the Internet in 2008 , but Akon returned to the studio to complete a new version , Epic said . "  The world was not ready to hear ` Hold My Hand ' when it leaked a couple years ago , " Akon said . "  We were devastated about it . " The song is now in "  its final state , " Akon said . "  It has become an incredible , beautiful , anthemic song , " he said . "  I 'm so proud to have had the chance to work with Michael , one of my all-time idols . " The song will be unveiled on www.michaeljackson.com at 12:01 a.m. ET Monday and then will be available for purchase by digital download , the company said . The 10-track album will mostly include "  songs that Michael worked on recently . There are also earlier compelling tracks , " Epic said . It includes "  Breaking News , " a song streamed online last week as a preview . While Epic did not list the producers involved , it did provide a track list for the album : 1 . Hold My Hand  Duet with Akon 2 . Hollywood Tonight 3 . Keep Your Head Up 4 .  I Like  The Way You Love Me 5 . Monster  Featuring 50 Cent 6 . Best Of Joy 7 . Breaking News 8 .  I Ca n't Make It  Another Day  Featuring Lenny Kravitz 9 . Behind The Mask 10 . Much Too Soon	Jackson 's duet with Akon "  Hold My Hand " is the first single out Monday The song , recorded in 2007 , was leaked unfinished in 2008 Akon returned to the studio to finish the song The full album will be released December 14
CNN  -- "  My MEDVOL number is 6856 . I was at Edgewood Arsenal from January 1975 to April 1975 . " With those words , Stephen Coffman reached out to CNN last week after seeing its stories about Edgewood Arsenal , where the Army conducted top-secret drug and chemical tests on soldier volunteers . Coffman was just 22 years old when he was recruited for testing at Edgewood , one of about 7,000 soldiers who took part in the program from 1955 to 1975 . The Army field computer operator says that in December 1974 , Edgewood Arsenal recruiters came to Fort Campbell , Kentucky , where he was stationed and told him he could help design the new field artillery computer system . In January 1975 , he reported to Edgewood . His first test was non-chemical , simply determining what size keyboard to use , he remembers . A display would flash a series of numbers , and he would try to input them using the test keypad and his bare hands . Next , he repeated the task wearing gloves . Then mittens . "  Then it was with a gas mask on , " Coffman said . "  Then with a gas mask on in a gas chamber . Then it was ` try to input the numbers after being exposed to some gas . ' My accuracy rate went from 99 % barehanded to 57 % gassed . " The testing continued . One in particular haunts him to this day : He recalls being in a "  padded cell " with just a thin exercise mat and a blanket . The room was orange ; the walls "  flowed down onto the floor like lava . " "  I remember putting my finger in the lava and watching it flow around my finger , " he says . "  There was a nurse who would come in and take blood samples , urine -- I had to wait till they came in to void -- and give me water . I do not know how many days I was in there . I lost seven pounds during this ` lost period . ' " Coffman said that after that test , he was told to report to the medical center and was shown a piece of paper that he had signed , volunteering for other experiments . He did n't remember signing but says it was his signature . "  I was told that if I did not do the experiment as I had agreed , I would be listed as UNSAT and returned to Fort Campbell . " UNSAT is a military term that means the service member is "  unsatisfactory . " In other words , the service member failed to complete his or her assignment . "  It is not a label one wants to have applied to them , " Coffman said . "  We were isolated and given injections . I secretly wrote down what the vials said , but my notes were taken from me by a doctor . I was threatened with punishment . The tests continued . " In an effort to find out what drugs he had been given and what his health files contained , Coffman filed a Freedom of Information Act request . He got his records in 1985 . They showed that he had been given a potentially deadly nerve agent called sarin gas -- and its antidotes . According to the records , he had also been exposed to physostigmine , scopalmine and 2-PAMC1 , and these were used "  to treat anticholinesterase inhibitor overdoses . " He was also given a chemical called TAB . He still has no idea what it was . Coffman says that before the testing began , he was given a complete physical . His EKG -- a test that records the heart 's electrical activity -- was perfect , and he was rated in perfect shape . "  According to the FOIA , I was subjected to the same chemical twice within 25 days , " Coffman said . "  The doctor 's note ... noted that two exposures so close together caused a negative reaction to the subject 's heart . " For most veterans in the program , the stay was two months , but Coffman 's stay was extended to four . When his Edgewood tour was up , he went back to Fort Campbell . "  I was sent back with the threat of ` do n't tell anyone anything , and if anyone asks , say you are fine . ' " He was honorably discharged from the Army in 1977 . He spent a year with the National Guard and joined the Coast Guard Reserve in 1988 . In 1995 , another EKG showed abnormalities . His began seeing a private cardiologist . An MRI revealed 98 % blockage in one of his arteries , and the cardiologist asked whether he had ever had an injury to his heart . "  He said it looked like the heart had been damaged but not due to a heart attack . " In 2007 , Coffman had a quadruple bypass . To this day , he wonders whether the damage was related to Edgewood . All things considered , the married father of two says , he does not regret his service . "  I believe it may have helped save the lives of other soldiers in the case of chemical attacks . I recall that  the doctor  who conducted the tests was instrumental in helping the victims of the Tokyo subway terrorist attack , " Coffman said . "  I guess it is like when a service member goes to war and gets wounded but does not regret their decision to go to war . " ` Time bomb ' His only concern , he says , is for his two children . "  There is nothing in the file about the experiments where I was kept in the padded cell . That is what I would like to know about for my children 's sake . Considering Agent Orange has been shown to affect veterans ' offspring and possibly second generation , it is like having a time bomb that may go off or may be a dud . " This was just one of the stories CNN got from Edgewood Arsenal test veterans responding to the special investigations of the Army 's top-secret Cold War drug and chemical testing program . Buck Conder , 70 , said he volunteered at Edgewood in 1964 . He remembers putting on a hospital gown , getting in bed and having six or seven doctors arrive bedside in gas masks . They put a drop of liquid on the inside of his forearm . "  Whatever happened , I have no idea . I woke up in the same bed " 24 hours later , Conder said . In 2000 , Conder received a call notifying him that he 'd been exposed to sarin gas . Conder , who says he was wounded while serving two tours in Vietnam , has a blood disease and a related skin condition that he blames on chemical exposure at Edgewood . Conder also said he was more nervous and irritable after his two-month temporary duty at the Maryland base . Read about widow who blames VA for her husband 's death Jeff Jefferson went to Edgewood in 1966 to be closer to his home in Reading , Pennsylvania . He recalls getting an injection on a Monday ; he "  woke up " on Wednesday . In the past year or two , Jefferson says , he applied for his records and learned that he 'd been given BZ , an incapacitating agent . Jefferson says he remembers little of what happened while he was under the influence of BZ , but he thinks they went to the rifle range , because his thumb was bruised , apparently from getting caught in the breech of an M1 rifle . Jefferson , now 65 , says his health has been good . Dr. James Ketchum , a former Edgewood researcher , took issue with veteran Tim Josephs , who said he was coerced into taking part in the tests after arriving at Edgewood . "  No one was forced to participate nor told they would be punished or imprisoned if they chose not to take part , " Ketchum commented on CNN.com . "  Those who participated all received letters of commendation and all received thorough medical evaluations before and after being in the program . " Gordon Erspamer , the attorney who has filed a lawsuit seeking health care for Edgewood veterans , said Josephs ' story is not unique . A number of Edgewood veterans have told him superiors threatened repercussions for soldiers who quit : "  You 're going to get a bad conduct discharge , or we 're going to write you up and send you back , and we 're going to send you right to Vietnam , " Erspamer said . Read about Tim Josephs ' time at Edgewood ' I was easily swayed ' Michael Cooney , now 62 , was still a teenager when he started his two-month tour at Edgewood . "  Since I was only 19 , I was easily swayed , wanting to do my patriotic duty , " he says . "  I have no idea what they injected into me , as I ca n't recall much of my two months there . " Cooney says that since his discharge , he gets a survey every five to 10 years asking how his health is . "  I always responded by asking them for a physical and a request to know what they tested on me , " Cooney said . "  Those questions were never answered . " He knows he was injected with atropine and was tear-gassed . He says that while he 's not in perfect health , he does n't blame Edgewood Arsenal but feels the government should take responsibility for those harmed . He says he 'd do it again . "  I 'm patriot , but do n't send me out in a war unarmed , and if I come back injured , take care of me . I 'd volunteer in a minute if there was a need , but there needs to be government responsibility on the back end . "	Several CNN.com commenters say they volunteered for secret Army drug tests Classified program used soldiers to test dangerous drugs and chemicals One veteran says he wanted to do his "  patriotic duty " Ex-Edgewood researcher : "  No one was forced to participate " in the program
CNN  -- Until 1995 , Jack Ma had never touched a computer . Today he is China 's best known Internet entrepreneur and the force behind e-commerce company Alibaba . Under Jack Ma 's leadership , the Alibaba Group now operates five companies . In 1995 he founded China Pages , the first Internet-based company in China . He then accepted an invitation from China 's Ministry of Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation  MOFTEC  to head the information department of the China International Electronic Commerce Center  CIECC . In March 1999 , Jack and his team of 18 founders launched Alibaba.com from his Hangzhou apartment , with a dream of making business easier for small - and medium-sized enterprises . Under Jack 's leadership , the Alibaba Group has expanded from its roots as a global B2B Web site and now operates five companies with leading positions in e-marketplaces  Alibaba.com and Taobao  , search  Yahoo! China  , online payment  Alipay  and business software  Alisoft . Jack steered Alibaba 's acquisition of Yahoo! China in October 2005 , one of the most high profile M&A deals in China in recent years , and was the principal driver behind the creation of Taobao , Alipay and Alisoft . Today , the e-marketplace he helped found is the world 's largest B2B e-commerce Web site , and the Alibaba Group employs more than 5,000 people , serving millions of businesses and consumers around the world . In 2001 , he was chosen by the World Economic Forum as a "  Young Global Leader " and in 2004 he was selected by China Central Television  CCTV  and its viewers as one of the "  Top 10 Business Leaders of the Year . " He has been named as one of the "  25 Most Powerful Businesspeople in Asia " by FORTUNE in 2005 , ranked 15th among "  50 Who Matter Now " by Business 2.0 in 2006 , and listed as one of the "  50 Most Important People on the Web " by PC World in 2007 . E-mail to a friend	Ma founded China 's first Internet-based company in 1995 He was also head of the information department of the CIECC Since 1999 he has been at the head of the Alibaba Group He is considered one of the most important figures on the Web
Paris , France  CNN  -- The widow of former Rwandan President Juvenal Habyarimana , whose assassination sparked the 1994 genocide , was arrested Tuesday in Paris on a Rwandan warrant , French and Rwandan officials said . Agathe Habyarimana was arrested at her French home Tuesday morning and is scheduled to appear in court later in the day , said a deputy prosecutor who declined to give his name because he is not authorized to speak about the matter . Rwandan Foreign Minister Louise Mushikiwabo told CNN that Habyarimana was arrested on genocide charges . They include genocide , conspiracy to commit genocide , complicity to commit genocide , and direct and public incitement to commit genocide , said John Bosco Mutangana , the head of Rwanda 's Genocide Fugitives Tracking Unit . The charges also cover crimes against humanity , specifically murder and extermination ; creation of a criminal gang , namely the Hutu militias ; and aiding and abetting the killings perpetrated by soldiers in violation of the Geneva Convention , Mutangana told CNN . "  We have of course strong evidence linking her to the genocide and the planning of the genocide itself , as early as the early 1990s , " Mutangana said . Former president was killed in April 1994 when his plane was shot down near the capital , Kigali . The mass killings began hours later , and by the time they ended 100 days later , some 800,000 people had been killed . Most were members of the country 's Tutsi minority , killed by members of the Hutu majority . The circumstances surrounding Habyarimana 's death remain a mystery . He was a Hutu , and speculation immediately fell on Tutsis as the perpetrators of the attack -- but some have also speculated that Hutus themselves shot down the plane to provide cover for the genocide . Top officials such as army generals and politicians who allegedly took part in the genocide have been tried in the Rwandan justice system and the International Criminal Tribunal , which is based in Tanzania . Civilians who allegedly contributed either directly or indirectly are tried by local communities in "  gacaca " courts , which allow survivors to confront their attackers . Some human rights organizations have criticized the gacaca courts for falling short on delivering justice . Agathe Habyarimana is now under temporary arrest , the French deputy prosecutor said . The Court of Appeal in Paris must now decide whether to remand her into custody or place her under judicial control at her home , he said . After that , the French court must decide on the validity of the Rwandan warrant before any decision on extradition can be made , the deputy prosecutor said . Rwandan officials began working on Agathe Habyarimana 's case in 1995 , but it took a while before they could gather enough evidence to indict her , Mutangana said . They submitted the indictment last October , he said . Mutangana said Rwanda is hoping France will extradite her . "  We are the first beneficiaries of justice , the Rwandans , " he said . CNN 's Alix Bayle in Paris , France , and Melissa Gray in London , England , contributed to this report .	Agathe Habyarimana was arrested at her French home Tuesday morning Charges include genocide , conspiracy to commit genocide , complicity to commit genocide Juvenal Habyarimana killed in 1994 when his plane was shot down Killing sparked genocide which led to deaths of some 800,000 , mainly Tutsi minority , people
There is a "  night and day " difference between HealthCare.gov on October 1 and the same site on December 1 , Jeff Zients , the top administration official responsible for improving the problem-plagued Obamacare enrollment site , said Sunday on a conference call with reporters . Deadline Day : Will Obamacare site work ? Zients and Julie Bataille , spokeswoman for the federal agency charged with developing and operating HealthCare.gov , said the website now works "  smoothly for the vast majority of users . " The administration said the site can now handle 50,000 concurrent users and 800,000 consumer visits a day -- two capacity goals for the portal that date back to its launch two months ago . And Bataille said the site was now allowing "  in the zone of 80 % " of users to successfully complete a health care enrollment . In short , after a concerted effort to improve HealthCare.gov , the administration said Sunday that the online Obamacare enrollment portal now essentially meets all of the previously stated goals for the website . Obamacare site fix : 5 things to look for A day after the administration 's self-imposed deadline for improving the website , Zients detailed the turnaround efforts he 's been leading . Work has fallen into three broad categories : creating a new management structure for the site to improve decision-making and accountability ; putting in place hardware upgrades to increase the system 's "  redundancy , reliability , and scale " ; and compiling a prioritized "  punch list " of bugs and software improvements -- 400 of which had been completed by Sunday . Prior to the turnaround effort , Zients said , management of the enrollment site had been plagued by slow decision-making and a lack of accountability . These issues were addressed by creating a new management structure led by general contractor QSSI , which was tapped to oversee the site 's operations , and the creation of a 24-hour , rapid response team that constantly monitors the site and the experience users are having on it . These management changes were intended , Zients said , to give the government-run website "  the velocity and discipline of a high-performance private sector company . " Upgrades , trouble-shooting , and old pizza On the hardware front , Zients said improvements have been made to the registration database , which plays a part in the front-end experience consumers have using the site ; new servers and upgraded memory have been added ; additional "  application environments " are now online ; and the system 's firewall has been upgraded . These changes have made "  the underlying infrastructure of HealthCare.gov much stronger today , " Zients said , adding that some of the critical upgrades were completed as late as Friday evening , when the site was down for 11 hours for maintenance as this weekend 's deadline approached . Zients likened the effect of the hardware upgrades to widening a highway 's on-ramp , effectively taking the site from two lanes to four . On the software front , Zients said 50 of the bug fixes completed during the turnaround effort had been done "  just last night " during another period of maintenance . Going forward , Zients anticipates there will still be other bugs and software fixes for the rapid response to handle . All these changes have made a noticeable difference in HealthCare.gov 's operating metrics , Zients said . The site 's average response time -- the average time it takes for the system to respond to an action by a user -- is down from eight seconds to under one second in the past three weeks , said Zients . The site 's average error rate is also down , according to Zients , with the system hitting a rate of 0.75 % on Friday . And the system 's "  uptime , " a measure of system stability , is consistently surpassing 90 % . Zients said the creation of the rapid response team means necessary fixes can now usually be made within an hour instead of the hours it used to take . "  We 've doubled the system 's capacity and the site can now handle its intended capacity , " explained Zients , summing up the net effect of the turnaround effort he has led . This means that two months after it originally launched , HealthCare.gov can now handle 50,000 concurrent users and 800,000 consumer visits a day . If more than 50,000 people attempt to use the site at any one time , the site now has a queueing feature that will e-mail users with tips about when to return to the site at a less congested time and a link that will take them to the front of the line . "  Nothing like this  was  in place " in October , Zients said Sunday . With all the recent improvements , administration officials conceded Sunday that there is still work to be done . "  As with any website , the team will continue to address bugs and glitches , " Zients said . In addition , work on the back end of the site , which is of critical importance to insurance companies issuing policies to consumers , still needs to be completed . The administration is still working with insurers on the "  834 " transaction forms generated by the system , said Bataille . "  We 're working with issuers on a daily basis and will continue those conversations , " she said , adding that the site 's management team would have more information about this issue with the data generated by the system on upcoming weekdays . "  There are still a number of problems with the back-end systems , " Robert Zirkelbach , spokesman for health insurance industry trade association group America 's Health Insurance Plans , said in a statement to CNN . "  Insurers are still getting enrollment files that are duplicative and have missing or inaccurate information . In some cases they are not getting the enrollments at all . " Insurers : Site glitches persist As the administration 's self-imposed deadline for improving the troubled site has come and gone over the weekend , Republicans on Capitol Hill have been unusually quiet , after months of frequent criticism of HealthCare.gov and of broader changes to the health insurance market taking effect because of Obamacare . Website progress garners muted reaction from Congress Top House Republicans took issue Sunday primarily with Obamacare 's changes to the insurance market rather than with the enrollment site 's troubled history . GOP Obamacare playbook : Spread negative perception "  This is n't just about a broken website , it 's about a fundamentally-flawed law , " Michael Steel , spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner , said in a statement . "  Whether or not Americans can logon to Healthcare.gov , they are losing the health plans they like , the doctors they 've always relied on , and -- to add insult to injury -- facing higher costs as well . " A spokesman for House Majority Leader Eric Cantor had a similar message . "  Millions of Americans being informed that the health care plans they liked are being canceled -- despite the President 's repeated assurances otherwise -- and being forced to pay higher premiums , deductibles , or both , are a much greater priority than a broken website , " Cantor Deputy Chief of Staff Doug Heye told CNN . "  Besides , " added Heye , "  based on past performance , it would be prudent to wait before determining that the website truly is fixed . " Comments from Steel and Heye echoed those of Sen. John Thune , R-South Dakota , just a day earlier . Thune , who chairs the Senate Republican Conference , argued Saturday that Americans will continue to face problems with Obamacare 's reforms "  r  egardless of whether the website is fixed by the administration 's revised deadline . " "  These are problems that no IT specialist working through the Thanksgiving holiday can fix , " he added . Obama : People do think I 'm trustworthy CNN/ORC Poll : Are Obamacare 's flaws fixable ? High court to hear Obamacare birth control case Boehner signs up for Obamacare CNN/ORC Poll : Obama 's marks for management , trustworthiness take hit	Management changes , hardware upgrades , software fixes to HealthCare.gov cited Site operations now overseen by a general contractor and a 24-hour rapid response team Official : Hardware upgrades have made site 's "  underlying infrastructure " much stronger Spokesman : More work on back-end data sent to insurance companies remains to be done
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. military hopes to kill or capture some 50 Afghan drug traffickers with financial ties to the Taliban in an effort to shut down one of the insurgency 's biggest sources of revenue , a U.S. Senate report says . Afghan men smoke heroin in the city of Herat on August 7 , 2009 . The new plan is the first time the U.S. military has been directly involved in anti-narcotics efforts in Afghanistan , and commanders say it is an essential part of the overall plan to stabilize the country , which is under heavy Taliban influence . Until now the U.S. military has left the eradication programs to other U.S. agencies and the Afghan military , keeping its "  most wanted " list to insurgent leaders tied to bomb making , weapons smuggling or facilitating foreign fighters into the country . "  The change is dramatic for a military that once ignored the drug trade flourishing in front of its eyes , " according to the report . "  No longer are U.S. commanders arguing that going after the drug lords is not part of their mandate . " It does not name the 50 targets , but says they are on a list of 367 names of Taliban and other insurgents targeted by the U.S. military . "  Some " of the 50 have already been apprehended or killed , according to a senior military official . The official would not quantify the amount further and would not speak on the record because of the sensitive nature of the issue . The yet-to-be released report was prepared by staff for members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . A copy was provided to CNN . It is based on testimony by U.S. military officials to the committee . Bush-era efforts by the United States and the U.S.-trained Afghan Army to eliminate poppy farms did very little to solve the problem , with numerous farmers ' crops flourishing while other farmers were left with no source of income and bitterness toward the Afghan government , the report concludes . It criticizes former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld for failing to push forward on a military role in drug eradication even after being shown proof of the connection between the drug lords and the Taliban . The change in the U.S. military 's approach to fighting the drug war came last fall after the United States told NATO members that the drug trade was a threat to NATO troops because there was a direct connection between it and Taliban insurgents in Afghanistan . "  There is what we call a nexus of insurgency . There 's a very broad range of militant groups that are combined with the criminality , with the narco-trafficking system , with corruption , that form a threat and a challenge to the future of that great country , " then-U.S. commander in Afghanistan Gen. David McKiernan told reporters at the Pentagon last October . But with a new approach to the war by the Obama administration , the United States has started attacking the drug problem head on . According to the report , this year U.S. and NATO combat forces started attacking militants , drug labs and buildings connected to insurgents with ties to drug lords for the first time since the start of the war in 2001 . Referring to people tied to narcotics and militants , the report says , "  The military places no restrictions on the use of force with these selected targets , which means they can be killed or captured on the battlefield . " The Pentagon 's spokesman said the effort is still focused on fighting terrorism . "  There is a well-established link -LSB- between -RSB- the drug trade and financing of the insurgency and terrorism , " said spokesman Bryan Whitman . "  It 's important to delineate that we target terrorists that are connected to the drug trade . ... Terrorist do interface with drug networks and we know they provide finance for the insurgency , and it 's this nexus that creates the security and force-protection issues that make them a legitimate target . " A major U.S. Marine offensive against the Taliban was launched last month in the southern Afghan province of Helmand , home to the majority of the poppy farms and opium trade . The report says the Taliban make about $ 70 million a year on the drug trade . The report concedes that counter-narcotics alone will not win the war , but says slowing the flow of illicit money will play a crucial role in "  determining whether we can carve out the space required to provide the security and economic development necessary to bring a level of stability to Afghanistan . "	Report : U.S. military pursuing 50 Afghan drug traffickers tied to Taliban New initiative strives to shut down big revenue source for insurgency Report : "  The change is dramatic for a military that once ignored the drug trade , " U.S. , NATO forces now targeting insurgents tied to drug lords , report says
CNN  Make it so . Or better yet , make it stop . Sir Patrick Stewart , perhaps most widely known for his role as Captain Jean-Luc Picard on "  Star Trek : The Next Generation , " showed off his stage chops on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " this week in a skit about pesky plane passengers . Among the portrayed offenses , which were compiled from Expedia 's 2014 Airplane Etiquette Study , Stewart feasted on a day-old tuna sandwich and a slice of Camembert cheese as the "  stinky snacker " before violating all concepts of personal space as the "  seat climber . " The 74-year-old British thespian was promoting a new film , "  Match , " which opened on Thursday . Here 's the full list of Expedia 's findings , which surveyed 1,000 Americans on what they considered the most annoying in-flight behavior . 1 . Rear seat-kicker  67 % 2 . Inattentive parents  64 % 3 . Aromatic passenger  56 % 4 . Audio-insensitive  talking/music   51 % 5 . Boozer  50 % 6 . Chatty Cathy  43 % 7 . Carry-on baggage offenders  39 % 8 . Armrest hog  38 % 9 . Seat-back guy  aka seat recliner   37 % 10 . Queue jumper  35 % 11 . Overhead bin inconsiderate  32 % 12 . Pungent foodies  32 % 13 . Back-of-seat grabber  31 % 14 . Playboy  reads/watches adult content   30 % 15 . Amorous  inappropriate affection   29 % 16 . Mad bladder  28 % 17 . Undresser  removes shoes or more   26 % 18 . Seat switcher  13 %	Patrick Stewart enacted bad airline behavior on ` Jimmy Kimmel Live ' The seat-kicker was cited as the most annoying passenger
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lenny Dykstra , a three-time major league All-Star outfielder who played for the New York Mets and Philadelphia Phillies , was indicted Friday for bankruptcy fraud for allegedly selling items from his $ 18 million mansion in Ventura County , a federal prosecutor said . Lenny Kyle Dykstra , 48 , of Murrieta , California , was charged with 13 counts : bankruptcy fraud , obstruction of justice , four counts of concealing property from the bankruptcy estate , three counts of embezzlement from the bankruptcy estate , and four counts of making false declarations to bankruptcy court , according to a statement from spokesman Thom Mrozek of the U.S. Attorney 's office in Los Angeles . Last month , Dykstra was arrested and charged with bankruptcy fraud , and he was released on $ 150,000 bond and ordered to seek outpatient substance abuse treatment . The indictment is the result of conduct Dykstra allegedly engaged in after filing a bankruptcy case on July 7 , 2009 , Mrozek said . If convicted on all charges , Dkystra could face up to 80 years in prison , Mrozek said . After filing for bankruptcy protection , Dykstra allegedly "  looted " his Sherwood Estates mansion in Thousand Oaks , California , lied about who stripped the mansion , and denied receiving money for having sold items that were owned by the bankruptcy estate , Mrozek said . According to court documents , an attorney hired by the bankruptcy trustee estimates that Dykstra stole and destroyed more than $ 400,000 worth of property in the estate . Among the property that Dykstra allegedly stole were silver - and gold-plated door knobs , gold fixtures , a grandfather clock , two desks , a chair , a Maitland-Smith dresser , chandeliers , electronic equipment , artwork , a stove and a framed piece of sports memorabilia about him , according to the indictment . The former member of a New York Mets World Series champion team was arrested last month on what police said was suspicion of fraudulent auto purchases . His attorney , Mark Werksman , characterized the case last month as "  a scorched-earth bankruptcy proceeding " and blamed the auto-related accusations as a "  vendetta " by former caretakers . But the U.S. bankruptcy trustee for the central district of California , Peter C. Anderson , described the allegations in Dykstra 's case as "  egregious . " "  The bankruptcy-related conduct charged in the indictment constitutes an egregious abuse of the bankruptcy system and will not be tolerated , " Anderson said in a statement . The 13-count indictment supersedes a criminal complaint filed last month , officials said . In the bankruptcy filing , Dykstra listed assets of $ 24.6 million and overall debts of $ 37.1 million . Among the assets he listed are two residences : a Ventura County mansion in Lake Sherwood Estates that he purchased from Janet and Wayne Gretzky , which he estimated was worth $ 18.5 million ; and a home in Westlake Village that he estimated was worth $ 5.4 million . As a result of the bankruptcy filing , the residences and Dykstra 's personal property became part of the bankruptcy estate that would be used to pay off creditors . Even though Dykstra was prohibited from liquidating any part of the estate , authorities alleged last month that he admitted in a bankruptcy hearing that he arranged the sale of sports memorabilia and furniture that were part of the estate . Dykstra 's professional baseball career began in 1985 when he was drafted by the New York Mets at the age of 22 . A year later , Dykstra hit a lead-off home run in Game 3 of the World Series at Boston 's Fenway Park , after the Mets had lost the first two games . That spark rallied the Mets to a seven-game Series victory over the Boston Red Sox . He was traded in 1989 to Philadelphia , where the rest of his career was marked by successes as well as injuries , brawls and allegations of steroid use that he has denied . He earned the nickname "  Nails " for his tenacity and confrontations on the field . By the time he retired , Dykstra had earned $ 36.5 million from major league baseball , according to the website baseball-reference . com . After retirement , Dykstra moved to California and started a profitable luxury car wash that he called The Taj Mahal . He expanded the business throughout Southern California and in 2007 sold it to investors , according to bankruptcy filings . As a self-taught financial analyst , Dykstra proclaimed himself a financial guru and began writing a stock-picking website column . His prominence soared as a sports celebrity , entrepreneur and popular guest on numerous financial news broadcasts . In 2008 , Dykstra began publishing the Players Club , a glossy financial advice magazine exclusively for pro athletes to help them with wealth management and investment banking . His purchase of the palatial Gretzy estate in 2007 for $ 14 million occurred a few months before the mortgage market collapsed . By the time Dykstra filed for bankruptcy in July 2009 , he had accumulated loans totaling $ 21 million , bankruptcy records show . The bankruptcy case is still ongoing . Dykstra has listed his only income as a $ 5,700 monthly pension from Major League Baseball , records show .	Lenny Dykstra was a three-time major league All-Star outfielder He played for the New York Mets and Philadelphia Phillies He was indicted on 13 counts relating to bankruptcy fraud He filed for bankruptcy in 2009
Chris Wright was playing professional basketball in Turkey last year , working toward achieving his lifelong dream of playing in the NBA , when something strange happened at the end of practice . "  I 'm running sprints , just normal sprints , and I run and touch the baseline , go back and my foot gives out , " said Wright , now 23 . "  I just thought I slipped or something like that . But I noticed my foot started getting numb and it just got progressively worse . " By the time Wright showed up to practice the next morning , he had lost feeling in his right leg . Before practice was over , the numbness had spread to the entire right side of his body . But doctors initially said nothing was wrong and told him to take it easy . "  They told me just to rest for a day and see how it felt in the morning , " he remembered . "  When I went back ... it had gotten worse . It was harder for me to walk , it had spread to my left foot and it just became , basically taking over my body -- it was crazy . " Cancer patient runs 50 marathons in 50 states Eventually Wright found a specialist and was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis , a debilitating disease that involves the immune system attacking the central nervous system . He had never heard of it before . "  A few of my teammates knew exactly what it was , but I was n't aware , " he said . Fortunately , Wright was in peak physical condition at the time of his diagnosis , something he credits for how well he 's doing today . "  Good physical condition , eating right , getting the proper rest , that all plays a major role , " he explained . "  Obviously you have to change a few things , you ca n't be going out all the time . ... But definitely my conditioning and being an athlete has definitely , definitely played a major role . " Not only did Wright return to the court less than three months after being diagnosed , he made history two weeks ago when he signed a 10-day contract with the Dallas Mavericks . With the stroke of a pen , Wright became the first person with MS to play in the NBA . The Mavericks did not re-sign Wright when the 10-day contract expired . ` American Idol ' favorite : I was a walking target Meanwhile , he said , "  I 'm doing pretty well . I have to do an IV injection once every month , that takes about a two-hour process , " he said . Still , he said , "  it 's all been a blessing . " Asked what he would tell other patients with MS , Wright did n't hesitate : "  Do n't be afraid to step out and do what you want to do , " he said . "  Do n't believe it 's a crippling disease that will just handle you the rest of your life . Yeah , there may be limitations , but you can still live your life . And I just wear that sign on my chest proudly , and you know , I 'm a part of the MS society . "	Chris Wright becomes the first NBA player with multiple sclerosis He was signed to a 10-day contract with the Dallas Mavericks Despite his disease , "  It 's all been a blessing , " Wright says
CNN  -- When you think of GIFs , those never-ending sequences of looping motion , you 're more likely to associate them with lightly humorous viral content than a respectable art form . However , their hypnotic movement has been gaining favor with the artistic community , and now one of the most high profile museums in the world , London 's Saatchi Gallery , has teamed up with Google + to explore their more reflective side . They gathered a roster of impressive judges , such as film director Baz Luhrmann , artists Shezad Dawood , Tracey Emin and Cindy Sherman , and Saatchi Gallery CEO Nigel Hurst , for The Motion Photography Prize , the first global competition for artists working with animated GIFs . Over 4,000 people from 52 countries entered their work , which fitted into six categories - landscape , lifestyle , action , people , night and urban . The top gong went to a Brooklyn-based creative director Christina Rinaldi , whose mesmerizing GIF of a New York City window cleaner , shown above , draws the viewers in with its almost trance-inducing repetition . Cindy Sherman , American photographer and film director , was attracted to the vibrancy of Rinaldi 's work : "  It almost transcends the GIF medium by turning the soapy water into brushstrokes , so it seems more like creating a painting , " she explained . Rinaldi herself said that choosing motion rather than still photography was crucial to capturing the rhythm of the window cleaner at work : "  I was inspired by his brush strokes and the texture of the suds , " she said , " I watched him as if he were a performance artist -- his work temporary and only to be witnessed within a few seconds . I quickly became enamored with his efficient rhythm . Surviving in New York City requires an elevated sense of efficiency and an innate hustle . " The work of other finalists -- Kostas Agiannitis , MicaÃ "  l Reynaud , Matthew Clarke , Emma Critchley and Stefanie Schneider , highlighted the diverse and creative nature of a GIF as an art form . "  There is incredible potential in this technology , and many photographers are now using GIFs to create motion in their work " , says Saatchi Gallery 's CEO and one of the judges Nigel Hurst . "  You 're looking at an image that floats somewhere between a still photograph and film , it has elements of both but sometimes incorporated in an unexpected way , which makes it even more compelling , " Hurst says . He added that the judging process was no different than when looking at other , more conventional , art : "  What stood out for us were images which were arresting , and used the parameters of the GIF in an imaginative way . " Artist and illustrator Clay Rodery , whose work has appeared in the New York Times , The Atlantic and on HBO , initially started creating GIFs to practice animation , but soon started making entire pieces for the format drawn by the chance to more eloquently express ideas he had inside his head . He says : " First and foremost I 'm conscious of it looping . Its duration might be very short , sometimes only several frames , but in a loop there is the potential for its content to be endless . " Moreover , Rodery says that GIFs helped him develop as an artist : "  It most certainly has expanded the breadth of my work and its emotional impact . These days you need to work very hard to get your work to stand out , and a moving image really does wonders to get you noticed . " The exhibition will be featured online on Saatchi Art , a web gallery for emerging artists . Too haute to handle - inside the world 's biggest furniture fair Korean artist creates fantasy worlds in her studio without Photoshop Pimp my fish tank : This is the eerie , beautiful world of aquascaping	Saatchi Gallery has teamed up with Google plus for the first GIF art award The Motion Photography Prize went to Brooklyn artist Christina Rinaldi Artists are increasingly looking to GIFs as bona-fide channels for self-expression
London  CNN  -- The first night-flowering orchid known to science has been discovered by botanists on an island in Southeast Asia . The new species , called Bulbophyllum nocturnum , is the first which has flowers which consistently open up at night and close in the morning , say botanists . It was found by Dutch orchid specialist Ed de Vogel during a field trip to the island of New Britain , near Papua New Guinea . After gaining permission to collect orchids from a logging area on the island de Vogel took them back to the Netherlands for cultivation at the Hortus Botanicus in Leiden . The orchid starting producing buds but would wilt once they reached the size at which they would usually open . Or so de Vogel thought . It was only when he took the plant home that he was able to observe the buds opening at night . According to de Vogel , the buds would flower at 10pm before closing again around twelve hours later . The flowers only last one night . Botanists are n't sure why this species flowers after dark but suggest it might be because its pollinators are midges which forage at night . The newly-described orchid belongs to a group of species called Epicrianthes which are noteworthy for their bizarre flowers and strange appendages , according to botanists . Only a small amount of all known plant species flower at night , says Andre Schuiteman , an orchid specialist from the Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew in London . "  There must be hundreds , but only a few are relatively well known because they are cultivated , " Schuiteman said . These include the queen of the night cactus , the midnight horror tree and the night blooming jasmine , according to Kew . But until now not one of the estimated 25,000 orchid species on Earth was known to do the same . "  This is another reminder that surprising discoveries can still be made . But it 's a race against time to find species like this that only occur in primeval forests . As we all know , such forests are disappearing fast , " Schuiteman said .	Botanists discover first night-flowering orchid on island near Papua New Guinea Buds produce a flower which opened at 10pm before closing twelve hours later First of around 25,000 orchid species to do so and one of only hundreds of plants
CNN  -- A bus carrying students and faculty from Abilene Christian University to a weekend mission project overturned Friday afternoon near Paint Rock , Texas , resulting in one death and multiple injuries , the school said . Grant Rampy , director of public relations for the university in Abilene , said the bus was headed to a children 's home in Medina in south-central Texas . The crash occurred about 3:20 p.m. on U.S. 83 in Runnels County , the Texas Department of Public Safety said in a statement . The driver lost control and the bus struck a concrete culvert and rolled once , authorities said . Several students were ejected . Authorities said Anabel Reid , 19 , of Petersburg , Texas , was pronounced dead at the scene . A number of helicopters were brought in to fly the injured to area hospitals , Rampy said . The victims had varying degrees of injury . The 2009 bus , registered to the university , is equipped for 24 passengers and a driver , officials said . The school 's website said that 12 students , three faculty members and the spouse of one faculty member were on board . They were representing the Department of Agricultural and Environmental Sciences . The Department of Public Safety said 16 people were on the bus . Top leaders in the university administration traveled to four hospitals to be with families . A prayer service was held at the campus amphitheater .	NEW : Young woman pronounced dead at scene Bus carrying Abilene Christian University faculty , staff overturns Officials : Driver lost control on curve , vehicle struck culvert
CNN  -- "  You 've got to save your best leadership for home . " These are the words of retired U.S. Army Commander Lt. General Russel L. Honore at a recent speaking event on leadership in the 21st century . Two nights ago , I found my two most active roles in life -- family man and journalist -- intersecting in a crisis . It was 3 p.m. on Tuesday afternoon when my wife alerted me . I was enjoying my afternoon off , comfortable in the warmth of our home , watching the snow from a rare winter storm blanket our deck and backyard . My wife , who is a fifth-grade school teacher in Fulton County , Georgia , received word that her school was shutting down because of the inclement weather . "  Honey I 've got the kids . I 'm on my way home , " she said after school was dismissed early , and parents were rushing to get their children . As a journalist , I recognized that a news story was breaking before me . My wife 's normal 20-minute daily commute was about to turn into an ordeal that would last nearly 24 hours . And I soon discovered that skills honed over years in the newsroom , were my best tools for assisting my wife and children . More than three hours later , she still had n't moved very far . We stayed in constant contact as she inched along the 6-mile stretch of state highway leading her home . From the news , I soon realized this was no ordinary traffic jam . My family was stuck in gridlocked traffic caused by a one-two-punch of bad weather and poor government planning . Midnight approached and my wife told me she had n't been able to move the car at all since 10 p.m. . The half-tank of gas she started with that afternoon had dwindled , and temperatures were well-below freezing . The kids had n't eaten . There was no restroom in sight . I felt hopeless and helpless . I called Georgia State Patrol and explained to them that my wife and kids were stranded in a vehicle among hundreds of other vehicles . I wanted to know how my family was going to be helped . They told me , "  We do n't know sir . We 're trying , but we are out-manned now . " Filled with adrenalin , I just could n't sit idle with my family stranded . I called local authorities and was told the same thing . By this time , I was so angry , I could n't think straight . I texted a friend who suggested prayer and texted me a bible verse to read , Philippians 4:1 -14 . I took to social media to help me cope with the situation and people reacted with posts of support . I stayed in touch with my wife a minimum of once per hour and at times twice per hour . On Facebook , I posted : "  More than 14 and a half hours , my wife and kids remain stranded in car stuck in traffic because of snow . Situation is desperate now . Been on phone w / State police repeatedly who agree w / me . All prayers are welcome as I 'm praying for the safe return of many of my friends in similar situations too . " My wife later told me she cried only once , around 5 a.m. , not knowing when she was going to be able to get the children home . She imagined having to wait for days , maybe until the snow and ice melted . It was so , so cold and she could n't keep the engine running all night for fear of running out of gas . That 's also about when I lost it , I told her -- about 5 a.m. . At one point an act of kindness gave her hope : A truck driver knocked on the window in the middle of the night offering water and a blanket . She huddled the girls together in the front seat to keep them warm . "  I did n't let the girls see me cry , " she said . I felt so guilty about it all . Why did n't I fill up the car with gas ? Why did n't I get the oil changed ? How could I drop the ball on my family ? I thought about Gen. Honore , who I have come to admire even more since hearing him talk about leadership and life lessons . I decided it was time to take action . I called the Georgia State Patrol and local authorities one more time . They could offer me very little . I told them if police could n't get my family , it was time for me to try . The state patrol dispatcher advised me to stay off the roads . It was now 20 hours into the ordeal . At day-break , I told my wife , "  I am coming to get you . " She said she did n't think I could get to her . I said , "  Do n't worry about that . Against advice of the local and state authorities , I 'm going to try . " I posted a message on Facebook letting folks know what I was going to do and asked for prayers . The reaction came pouring in . I called my neighbor Kenneth Rucker , retired military and current investigator with a local district attorney 's office . Taking me in his four-wheel - drive truck , Rucker expertly traversed the thick ice on bridges passing hundreds of stranded vehicles along the way . I was laser focused on the mission : Find my wife and kids and extricate them . I trudged up an ice-covered northbound lane of highway , as Ken 's pickup made a zig-zag between hundreds of stranded vehicles to get to a safe stop . I grabbed each of my daughters , and carried them one by one across the median strip to the warmth of Ken 's truck . Then I escorted my wife into Ken 's vehicle . I moved my wife 's car into the median and left it there not knowing or caring when the traffic would start to move . I was leading my family home .	Rick Martin is both father and CNN journalist He was frustrated when his wife and daughters were trapped in snow-bound traffic Using journalist training and inspiration from heroe , he took to the roads to rescue family
CNN  -- Justin Bieber is counting on "  the truth " to set him free . In a series of tweets lamenting all the "  rumors " he 's facing , the 20-year-old pop star seems to have responded to allegations that he attempted to rob a woman of her cell phone in Los Angeles earlier this week . "  It is hard to defend myself and my privacy every moment of the day ... The truth will set u free , " he tweeted Wednesday , linking to a TMZ report that quotes an eyewitness saying Bieber never tried to rob his accuser . News of an alleged attempted robbery began on Monday , when a woman reportedly accused Bieber of trying to take her phone while he was with friends at a batting cage on L.A. 's west side . The woman told TMZ that the singer did n't want her taking pictures of him , and demanded she give him her phone . She alleged that when she refused , Bieber reached into her purse to take it . Bieber 's rep declined to comment to CNN about the allegations , but a source close to Bieber downplayed the situation , saying "  this is another example of someone making an issue where there is n't one . " "  Justin was just enjoying hanging out with friends at the batting cage and playing mini-golf , " the source told CNN . "  This just was n't a big deal . " Bieber echoed that sentiment on Twitter Wednesday , telling his 51 million followers , "  do n't believe rumors . " "  My mom raised me to be kind to others . I get judged , harassed , and I try to take the high road , " he said . "  Sometimes it is n't easy . But we keep trying ... I will continue to be the man my mother raised . I love people and I will try to be kind even when things are not fair . ... I 'm human . I feel . I hurt . But I got thick skin too . I can handle it . " Ed Payne , Michael Martinez , Jane Caffrey and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Justin Bieber seems to have responded to allegations of an attempted robbery The pop star was accused of attempting to rob a woman of her cell phone on Monday He tweeted to his fans : "  do n't believe rumors "
CNN  -- As flu season rages across the United States , federal regulators say they have approved a new kind of vaccine for the virus . The new product , Flublok , which is available in limited supplies for the current season , is different from other flu vaccines , because it is n't made using eggs or an influenza virus , the Food and Drug Administration said Wednesday . Instead , Flublok 's production involves programming insect cells grown in steel tanks to produce large amounts of a particular flu virus protein , known as hemagglutinin , according to Protein Sciences , the vaccine 's manufacturer . Most human antibodies that fight flu infection are directed against hemagglutinin , the FDA said . Flu vaccine attitudes abroad differ from U.S. . This method allows for more rapid production , making more of the vaccine available more quickly in the event of a pandemic , the FDA said . "  This approval represents a technological advance in the manufacturing of an influenza vaccine , " said Karen Midthun , director of the FDA 's Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research . It has already been used in vaccines approved for other infectious diseases . Flublok is approved only for adults ages 18 - 49 . Flu activity is "  elevated " in most of the United States , Dr. Thomas Frieden , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , said last week . Manufacturers said there was plenty of vaccine for those who want to get a flu shot . But there have been reports of spot shortages , Frieden said . Flublok will be available in limited supply this winter and widely available during the next flu season , said Protein Sciences , which is based in Meriden , Connecticut . Flublok contains the elements necessary to help fend off three different flu strains , including H1N1 and H3N2 , the regulator said . And it proved 44.6 % effective against all influenza strains in circulation , not just those that matched the strains included in the vaccine , according to the FDA . Flu vaccine poses no risk to unborn	Unlike other flu vaccines , Flublok does n't rely on eggs or the influenza virus Instead , it 's made by growing a virus protein in insect cells This allows for more rapid production in the event of a pandemic , the FDA says The vaccine is available in limited supplies during the current flu season
CNN  -- Ghana captain Stephen Appiah says the west African side will be ready for "  war " when they face Australia at the World Cup in Rustenburg on Saturday . Germany 's shock defeat by Serbia on Friday means that another win for the Black Stars in group D would put them firmly on course for a place in the last 16 , following their 1-0 win over Serbia in their opening match . Australia were beaten 4-0 by Germany in their first game but Appiah and teammate John Mensah said they would not be taking the Socceroos lightly . "  Every country has their own style of play and the Australians are physically and mentally strong , " Appiah told CNN . "  It 's going to be a war , it 's not going to be a football game . It 's going to be really tough , but we 're ready -- it 's no problem . " Defender Mensah said Australia were a better team than their heavy defeat by Germany suggested . "  Just because they lost to Germany , that does n't mean they 're not good , " Mensah told CNN . "  We do n't underrate this Australian team . We will have to fight hard to get the three points . " Appiah said Ghana had benefited from the support of the South African fans and said there was "  unity " between all the African sides at the first World Cup to be held on the continent . "  We are all excited to be in Africa to participate in this World Cup and we all hope to support African teams who are still playing , " said Mensah . Ghana are without their best player and regular captain Michael Essien but Appiah said the Chelsea star was in touch with the squad every day . And he said the team could still do well , citing Ghana 's run -- without Essien -- to the final of the Africa Cup of Nations in Angola . "  He is one of our key players ... . But it does n't mean that if one guy is not there the team is finished , " Appiah said . Appiah admitted that the official Jabulani tournament ball was proving difficult to get used to but he said it would be good for players , with goalkeepers being caught out by its unpredictable movement . "  This football is a little bit strange and it 's difficult when you get a long pass ... it 's kind of swerving , so you do n't know where the ball is going , " he said . "  A lot of goalkeepers are complaining about this ball . " Despite beating Serbia , Appiah said the Ghanaians would not be getting carried away . "  Let 's enjoy this moment and we will see what happens in the future , " he said . "  We proved to the world that we know how to play football . "	Ghana captain Appiah says team expecting tough match against Australia Ghana beat Serbia 1-0 in first game as they seek to win place in last 16 Appiah says there is "  unity " between African sides at first African World Cup Appiah : "  Let 's enjoy this moment and we will see what happens "
CNN  -- Nigerians took to the streets for the second day of a nationwide strike Tuesday , showing their anger over a government decision that has more than doubled fuel prices in the largely impoverished country . Some protests over the end of fuel subsidies were marred by clashes that left 16 people dead and 205 injured , according to a tally collected by the Nigerian Red Cross Tuesday . The strike , continued religious violence in the north and a long-simmering separatist movement are all issues that have created growing problems for Goodluck Jonathan , the country 's president , and fueled tensions on the street . The southern state of Edo was a focus for much of the violence , according to the Red Cross figures , with five people killed and 83 injured . The situation is tense amid rumors that people from the north will be attacked , and some 4,000 people have fled their homes and sought refuge in camps , the Red Cross report says . Dan Enowoghomwenma , joint secretary of the Edo state branch of the Red Cross , told CNN three people had died Monday and two Tuesday , as different communities clashed in the state capital , Benin City . One mosque building was burned and another vandalized , with cars and buses also set alight , before the police and military restored calm , he said . He told CNN he did not know if there was a religious motivation for the clashes . Meanwhile , the situation in the northern Nigerian state of Kano was "  generally chaotic " Tuesday , the Red Cross reported , with three people killed and 55 injured , some with gunshot wounds . Police in the neighboring state of Kaduna , where one person was killed and three injured , used tear gas to try to disperse protesters gathered in front of the government house , the Red Cross said . In the southwest , violence flared at some rallies in Lagos , the country 's commercial capital , as protesters clashed with police , resulting in seven injuries and three deaths , the Red Cross said . Three deaths were also reported in Bauchi , and one in Kwara , according to the Red Cross figures . Other states reported protests that were largely peaceful , despite outbreaks of vandalism and protesters burning tires or blocking roads . CNN iReporter Eromo Egbejule , a Nigerian freelance journalist , attended a protest concert in Lagos Tuesday staged by musician Femi Kuti , son of the legendary Fela Kuti , and said he was proud to be there . "  Nigeria loves peace and this is why we are peacefully protesting , even though the Nigerian police and army have inflicted injuries and in some cases , killed innocent people , " Egbejule said . "  Revolution has come to Nigeria and the youth will spearhead it . Until our demands are met , we are ready to protest every day and make sacrifices . " Jonathan tried to explain the need for the end of subsidies in a recent address , telling Nigerians that the government would invest the money in the country 's crumbling infrastructure . "  My fellow Nigerians , the truth is that we 're faced with two basic choices with regards to the management of the petroleum sector , " Jonathan said . "  Survive economically or continue with a subsidy regime that will continue to undermine our economy . " But assurances from the president did not allay fears from many Nigerians who do not trust the government to use the money to improve the country 's infrastructure . Another CNN iReporter , 38-year-old filmmaker and web designer Oladapo Bamidele , who filmed protests in Lagos Monday , said Nigerians have lost faith in Jonathan 's government . "  Nigerians are united in this cause to see corruption dealt with , and eventually removed , " he said . There have also been complaints from demonstrators that the police have responded too aggressively . In Kano , a physician who was among the protesters Monday said police there fired on the crowd , injuring at least 13 people . Demonstrators were gathered listening to speeches when police "  suddenly came and some were shooting and some were throwing tear gas , " said Shehi Ali , vice chairman of the Nigeria Medical Association . Ali said one protester , a 12-year-old boy , was shot in the neck . Another protester was shot in the groin , he said . But Kano Police Commissioner Ibrahim Idris denied that officers fired on protesters . He said that officers were forced to use tear gas on "  miscreants and drug addicts " who had tried to storm the governor 's residence . Elsewhere , there have been more conflicting reports about the violence . Sanya Femi , a union official , said three union members had been killed by police gunfire during a peaceful protest in Lagos Monday . But Sunday Salailo , a trade union president , said he had no reports of union members dying . Some analysts say the changes could help Nigeria in the future . "  If they 're prepared to try this petroleum subsidy removal then perhaps they can push through electricity reform too . If they do that , Nigeria 's growth can be instead of 7 % -8 % a year , 10 % or 11 % , " said Charlie Robertson , a chief economist at the global investment firm Renaissance Capital . But many Nigerians view the subsidy as the only benefit of living in an oil-producing country that has little infrastructure , poor roads , high unemployment and intermittent electric power . "  Though we know that in the long run , removal of  the  subsidy will help the economy , for now it is a high-profile lifestyle that is unbearable for most Nigerians , and soon the poorer ones will die out , " said protester Diane Awunah . CNN 's John Defterios , Jack Maddox and Michael Saba , and journalist Vladimir Duthiers contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Revolution has come to Nigeria and the youth will spearhead it , " a local journalist says 16 people have died and 205 are injured following clashes , a Red Cross report says Tensions are high in some areas , including Edo in the south and Kano to the north The government 's decision to end the subsidy has more than doubled fuel prices
CNN  -- World number one Rafael Nadal got his bid to win his first ever U.S. Open title off to a good start with a 7-6  7-4  7-6  7-4  6-3 first-round victory over Russian Teymuraz Gabashvili at Flushing Meadows . Nadal will now face Uzbek Denis Istomin in the second round after a match in which the Spaniard was unable to break the serve of player ranked 98 in the world until well into the third set . However , the Wimbledon and French Open champion wore his opponent down in the tie breaks to set up a more comfortable third-set win for the match . "  I had a few terrible mistakes with the breakpoints , so I went for two tie breaks , " Nadal told the official U.S. Open website following the match . "  I played well in the two tie breaks , I think -LSB- which -RSB- is important for the confidence , " he added . If Nadal is successful in claiming the U.S. Open title he will join Rod Laver , Pete Sampras and Roger Federer as the only men to have won three consecutive grand slam titles . Blog : Home hopes distant ahead of U.S. Open Elsewhere , Nadal Djokovic battled to a 6-3 3-6 2-6 7-5 6-3 win over compatriot Viktor Troicki in his opening game . After sealing the win the number three seed admitted the energy-sapping match had taken its toll . "  I 've played a lot of long matches in very difficult conditions , feeling very exhausted ... You kind of start panicking a bit when you do n't feel great physically , " Djokovic told the tournament 's website . "  I tried to tell myself , hang in there , you know , the chance will come . He will get tired too , " he added . Marcos Baghdatis succumbed to a shock defeat to Arnaud Clement of France -- losing 6-3 2-6 1-6 6-4 7-5 at the Louis Armstrong Stadium -- while David Nalbandian and Fernando Verdasco both booked their tickets to the second round . Argentine Nalbandian bounced back from a break down to beat South Africa 's Rik de Voest over five sets , while Verdasco saw off the challenge of Italy 's Fabio Fognini in five sets to insure the Spaniard did not repeat his first-round exit of Wimbledon . Following the recent good form that saw him finish second to Roger Federer in Cincinnati , number 19 seed Mardy Fish showed his character to emerge as victor over Jan Hajek in a 6-0 3-6 4-6 6-0 6-1 win .	World number one Rafael Nadal beats Russian Teymuraz Gabashvili in the first round at Flushing Meadows Nadal Djokovic battled to a 6-3 3-6 2-6 7-5 6-3 win over compatriot Viktor Troicki in his opening game Marcos Baghdatis succumbed to a shock defeat to Arnaud Clement of France
CNN  -- Two American hikers detained in Iran for years will meet State Department officials in Washington on Thursday , less than a month after they arrived back home on American soil . Shane Bauer and Josh Fattal will meet with U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Deputy Secretary William Burns . Sarah Shourd , who was jailed with them but freed last year , will also join them . The details of the meeting are unclear , but the two men acknowledged State Department officials in their first public statement when they arrived home in the United States last month . "  There were also U.S. government officials who worked for our release , and some of them found creative ways to try and lessen the tension between the U.S. and Iran . Consular officials at the State Department supported our families throughout , " Bauer said . After their release , Clinton issued a statement "  welcoming the decision made by Iranian authorities " to free the two men . "  After more than two years , they will finally be reunited with their friends and families . I am grateful for the efforts of all those who have worked for their release , " Clinton said . Fattal , Bauer and Shourd were arrested after straying across the unmarked border between Iraqi Kurdistan and Iran in July 2009 . Shourd , Bauer 's fiancee , was released in 2010 , but Bauer and Fattal were freed a year later , after 781 days in captivity and a trial for espionage that Bauer said was based on "  ridiculous lies . "	Freed hikers to meet with U.S. Secretary of State on Thursday The hikers thanked State Department officials after their release in September The hikers were detained in Iran in 2009
Italy 's electoral run-off between an ex-communist and a former cruise ship singer threatens to throw the country back into the spotlight of the European debt crisis . The enigmatic leader of the center-left Democratic Party , Pier Luigi Bersani , goes head-to-head with scandal-laden former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi -- back from the political grave following his resignation in November 2011 . Incumbent technocrat premier and eurozone darling Mario Monti , meanwhile , is lagging behind in the polls . The cigar-chomping Bersani is favorite for Italy 's top job and proposes to steer the country 's battered economy through a debt crisis that is still plaguing the eurozone three years on . Following six consecutive quarters of recession and with unemployment at 11.2 % , Bersani is pursuing the euro area 's latest fad to revive Italy 's ailing economy ; a pro-growth agenda . Read more : Can the anti-Berlusconi pull Italy out of the mire ? Such policies are a stark contrast to Monti 's cocktail of cuts and taxes served up to woo policymakers in Brussels and Frankfurt . Read more : Berlusconi renaissance would be ` disaster ' for Italian economy Growth will be the "  golden rule " to attract foreign investment , according to Democratic Party number two Enrico Letta . A similar sentiment was key in sweeping socialist French President Francois Hollande into the Elysee Palace in 2012 . But Letta stresses that Bersani will not follow Hollande 's lead by proposing a 75 % income tax for the country 's wealthiest residents . Read more : Beppe Grillo : Clown prince of Italian politics Speaking to CNN , Letta said : "  It will be different , we already have a very high level of taxation ... the main point is not to increase taxes . " Bersani -- who promises to stick to the outgoing government 's plans for pension and labor market reform -- will also keep Monti 's reviled property tax , known as IMU . It 's a policy that Berlusconi pledges to scrap if elected . In an interview with CNN , Bersani says he plans to make the tax "  more progressive " and focus on the owners of large properties if his party wins . But for all Bersani 's talk of change , bond strategist Nicholas Spiro dismisses the 71-year-old as no reformer and says he is "  not up to the task " of hauling the Italian economy out of a "  knee deep " recession . Spiro , managing director of Spiro Sovereign Strategy , says "  Bersani could very well go for taxes on the rich , but Italy has a massive tax evasion and compliance problem , that could be difficult . " Can a political marriage survive ? Politics in Italy is complicated and outright victory for any party is unlikely . If Bersani wins he may be forced to form a coalition . An alliance with the flamboyant center-right leader Silvio Berlusconi is unthinkable -- which leaves Monti the most likely candidate to support a Bersani-lead government . But Monti is viewed with suspicion Bersani 's far-left partners , Left Ecology Freedom , who believe the technocrat would pull a left government too far to the economic right . If the parties can strike a deal Monti would be offered "  an important role " to be discussed "  Monday afternoon , " Letta told CNN . He refused to say if the technocrat would be appointed finance minister . Monti , a former European Commissioner in financial services , wields the power to reassure European leaders that Italy is on the right track and can act as a counterbalance to a leftist government . Bersani , by contrast , is a mystery on the international stage , according to Paola Subacchi , an economist at London-based think tank Chatham House . "  He is not known abroad and he does n't speak English ... But his whole agenda is pro-Europe and pro-euro . " A Bersani-Monti marriage is unlikely to be smooth . The two could clash over unpopular austerity measures implemented by Monti as part of a European agreement . Filippo Cavazzuti , former Italian senator and economist at the University of Bologna , believes Bersani will be forced to maintain Monti 's policies under the European fiscal compact . He said : "  Otherwise Monti leaves -LSB- the coalition -RSB- , the spread -LSB- on bond yields -RSB- rises and the credibility with the eurozone will immediately disappear . " A coalition agreement is crucial to stifling a power-grab by Italy 's political bad boy , Berlusconi , is gaining on Bersani 's seemingly unassailable lead in the polls . Berlusconi is using his showman charm to mount a comeback for his People of Freedom party and holds key regions in Veneto and Lombardy that could prove crucial , particularly in the battle for the Senate . The election will hand down a "  damning verdict " to the policymakers of northern Europe that Italians are fed up with austerity , according to Spiro . The electoral campaign , Spiro added , has been : "  Very ugly , devoid of substance and purely based on personalities . "	Bersani wins he may be forced to form a coalition with incumbent PM Mario Monti Center-left leader Bersani says he plans to make the property tax "  more progressive " Berlusconi is using his showman charm to mount a comeback for his PDL party
CNN  -- AC Milan kept up the pressure on Serie A table-toppers and city rivals Inter Milan with a 3-0 win at Juventus on Sunday night -- a result which turns the heat firmly on home coach Ciro Ferrara . Alessandro Nesta put Milan ahead in the 29th minute with Ronaldinho adding a 72nd minute second as Juve struggled to produce a display that would ease the calls for Ferrara 's head . Another goal from Ronaldinho two minutes from time came amid protests from the home fans , who shrouded the field with smoke by burning any item possible , and sealed the win for Milan , who move within eight points of Inter with a game in hand . Napoli remain firmly in the hunt for Champions League football after substitute German Denis came off the bench to score the winner against Sampdoria . Denis headed home after 71 minutes to move Napoli on to 33 points in fourth place and extend their unbeaten run to 12 points . Livorno eased their fears of relegation with a hard-fought 2-1 victory over Parma at the Stadio Armando Picchi . Francesco Tavano gave the home side the lead midway through the first period and veteran forward Cristiano Lucarelli doubled their advantage 17 minutes into the second half . Blerim Dzemaili pulled one back for Parma six minutes later but Livorno held on as Francesco Guidolin 's side ran out of steam . Substitute Jose Castillo struck the winning goal for Fiorentina as the Viola came from behind against Bari to prevail 2-1 and climb to sixth in Serie A. Castillo struck the winner in the 74th minute but he was shown a red card 10 minutes from time , with Bari 's Sergio Almiron already dismissed for two bookings . Fiorentina striker Adrian Mutu had earlier cancelled out Paulo Barreto 's 25th minute opener . Genoa jumped above city rivals Sampdoria in the table thanks to a routine 2-0 win over 10-man Catania at the Stadio Luigi Ferraris . The home side struggled to get into the game until Giuseppe Bellusci was sent off for the visitors in the 28th minute . Genoa went ahead through Giandomenico Mesto in the 36th minute with Giuseppe Sculli sealing their win in the 71st minute before Catania coach Sinisa Mihajlovic was also sent to the stands . Alessandro Matri struck the winner as Cagliari won their first away fixture since October 29 , edging strugglers Bologna 1-0 at the Stadio Renato Dall ` Ara . Palermo extended their unbeaten league run to five games with Edinson Cavani scoring the only goal against Atalanta from the penalty spot . Udinese halted a worrying run of defeats but could not claim all three points as Lazio held on for a point with a 1-1 draw at the Stadio Friuli . Gianni De Biasi 's side went into the game having lost five of their last six games following their midweek defeat by Bari and got off to another miserable start as Sergio Floccari put Lazio ahead after 16 minutes . But Antonio Di Natale 's free-kick levelled matters 11 minutes later and neither side could find a second .	AC Milan keep up the pressure on Serie A table-toppers and city rivals Inter Milan Brazilian Ronaldinho scores twice as Milan win 3-0 at Juventus to heap pressure on Juve coach Ciro Ferrara The result lifts Milan within eight points of Inter at the top of the table with a game in hand
CNN  -- The board of News Corp. has agreed to split the conglomerate into two pieces , with one company encompassing its television and film assets and the other holding its publishing entities , according to The Wall Street Journal , which is owned by News Corp. . The split is expected to be formally announced Thursday , a person familiar with the situation told the Journal . The move would separate the 20th Century Fox film studio , Fox broadcast network and Fox News Channel from newspapers and book publishing , according to The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal , in which the proposal was first reported . News Corp. 's publishing unit includes newspapers such as The Times of London and The New York Post . Its book publishing assets include HarperCollins . News Corp. is controlled by media magnate Rupert Murdoch . He has been grappling in recent months with criminal investigations into his company over allegations of hacking into people 's phones and improper collusion with British police . The scandal prompted News Corp. to shut down its venerable old British tabloid News of the World last year . A report last month from a British Parliament committee said that Murdoch was not a "  fit person to exercise the stewardship of a major international company . " News Corp. said Wednesday night it would have no comment on The Wall Street Journal 's report .	Wall Street Journal : News Corp. board agrees to split company Journal is owned by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. . TV , film assets and the publishing wing to be separate entities
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- House and Senate negotiators Monday announced an agreement on a giant $ 662 billion defense authorization bill , including modifications to its detainee language they hope will address White House concerns about that section and avoid a possible veto by President Barack Obama . In particular , the lawmakers added language to make clear that nothing in the bill requiring military custody of al Qaeda suspects would interfere with the ability of civilian law enforcement to carry out terrorism investigations and interrogations in the United States . "  We felt there was ample assurance in the Senate bill that there would be no interference with civilian interrogations and investigations . We had a number of provisions in the Senate bill to make sure that was not the case , " said Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee . "  However , there were some people who raised concerns that there was interference with FBI or other civilian authorities in terms of their operations . That was not our intent . That was not our language . But we added some significant provisions to reassure everybody that that is not the case . "  We took significant steps to address the administration 's concerns in those areas , " said Rep. Adam Smith , D-Washington , the top Democrat on the House Armed Services Committee . "  We had numerous meetings with the administration , we had a meeting with the director of the FBI . We feel like we were able to satisfy , we hope , most of their concerns , " said Sen. John McCain of Arizona , the top Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee . "  This does not change existing law and this legislation includes a national security waiver if the president chooses to exercise it . " The waiver would allow the president to transfer a suspect from military to civilian custody if he chooses . The lawmakers also agreed on tough sanctions language for the Iranian Central Bank , aimed at punishing Iran for its nuclear program . The White House had expressed opposition to that provision as well but it received broad support in Congress so lawmakers are hopeful the president will accept the language . The measure "  will put real additional pressure on the Iranians so they are going to pay a bigger and bigger price , if they continue to move towards nuclear weapons , " Levin said . In addition , lawmakers agreed to tough new restrictions on Pakistan to ensure that country is not participating in the manufacture and transport of improvised explosive devices -- those hidden bombs that have caused havoc for coalition forces in Afghanistan . "  We 've had some shaky relations with Pakistan lately . We need them , and they need us , " said Rep. Buck McKeon , R-California , the chair of the House Armed Services Committee . "  We have frozen some of the money that we will be sending to Pakistan until they offer more assurances , more help in this area of ... fertilizer and the things that go into making IEDs , " McKeon said . The House could take up the bill as early as Wednesday and the Senate soon after , the lawmakers said .	Detainee language is structured to avoid a possible veto by Obama The bill has a national security waiver regarding detainees President could transfer a suspect from military to civilian custody House could take up the bill as early as Wednesday
CNN  -- A spate of deadly explosions rocked Egypt on Friday , the latest violence in the tumultuous Middle East nation , state news reported . Two of the blasts occurred in the capital of Cairo , including one near a metro station in Ramses that killed one person and injured others , according to the state-run EGYNews agency . Earlier , a police officer died and four other security personnel were injured in an explosion in Heliopolis in downtown Cairo , Egypt 's official Middle East News Agency reported . The same agency reported another blast at a traffic checkpoint . Meanwhile , Ahram Online -- another state news agency -- reported a pair of suicide attacks in the Sinai city of El Tur , leaving one dead and nine injured . One of these occurred at a security checkpoint run by police and soldiers , while another happened in the path of a tour bus carrying workers . MENA reported that three people were wounded in this attack 50 kilometers  31 miles  northwest of the Red Sea resort city of Sharm el-Sheikh . Militants based in the Sinai peninsula near the Israeli border have stepped up attacks on soldiers and policemen since the ouster of President Mohamed Morsy . Egypt 's first democratically elected president -- succeeding the also deposed Hosni Mubarak -- Morsy was removed from power by the military and later arrested on incitement to conduct murder and other charges . Some of Morsy 's supporters turned out -- as they have regularly on Fridays , despite strict restrictions on protests and the banning of the Islamist group that Morsy belonged to , the Muslim Brotherhood -- in Cairo 's Helwan district , EGYNews reported . They were met by security forces there to disperse the protesters , Egypt 's Interior Ministry said in a statement posted on its Facebook page . The ministry claimed that some of the protesters shot at police . Similar protests , and similar violence , broke out elsewhere . Two Morsy supporters were killed by live ammunition and three suffered injuries west of the port city of Alexandria in what the Interior Ministry described as clashes with angry locals that occurred after Friday prayers . The Interior Ministry reported that security forces ended up apprehending 42 pro-Morsy activists in the governorates of Cairo , Giza , Fayoum and Alexandria . CNN 's Yousuf Basil contributed to this report .	NEW : State news : Explosions in Cairo leave 2 dead NEW : 1 dies , 9 hurt in suicide attacks in Sinai , says another official report NEW : 2 Morsy supporters killed in clashes with angry locals NEW : 42 backers of the ousted president are arrested
The U.S. Supreme Court upheld the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act on Thursday . The landmark 5-4 decision will dictate the way health care is administered to millions of Americans . Here 's a look at health care in the United States by the numbers , including the populations that could be most affected by the decision on what has come to be known as "  Obamacare . " Obama : Health care ruling a victory for all Americans 49.9 million -- The number of uninsured Americans in 2010 . That 's 16.3 % of the total population . 18.4 % -- Percentage of uninsured Americans younger than 65 in 2010 . 28.4 % -- The percentage of Americans 25 to 34 without insurance . 7.3 million -- The number of children in the United States without health insurance , 9.8 % of all children in the country . 15.4 % - The percentage of children living in poverty who are also uninsured . Ruling plays into campaign narrative for both sides 26.9 % -- Percentage of people earning less than $ 25,000 a year who are also uninsured . 256.2 million -- The number of Americans who were insured in 2010 . 195.9 million -- The number of Americans with private health insurance in 2010 , 64 % of the total population . What the health care ruling means to you 169.3 million -- The number of Americans who get their insurance through the workplace . 95 million -- Number of people in the United States covered by government health insurance , 31 % of the population . 44.3 million -- Number of Americans receiving Medicare coverage in 2010 . 48.6 million -- The number of Americans covered by Medicaid in 2010 . $ 940 billion -- The amount of money the Congressional Budget Office estimates it will cost to provide the expanded insurance coverage over 10 years . $ 143 billion -- The amount by which the plan could reduce the deficit over the first 10 years . And over the following decade , the CBO projected , health reform could reduce the deficit by more than $ 1 trillion , although the agency stressed such long-term projections are highly uncertain . Timeline of the health care law 2.35 % -- The tax rate high-income individuals would pay into Medicare , up from 1.45 % . High-income is defined as individuals making more than $ 200,000  $ 250,000 for couples filing jointly  . 2014 -- The year that people who do n't buy insurance will be penalized $ 95 or up to 1 % in income . 19.1 % - Percentage of people living in the South who are uninsured , the highest percentage of any region . 24.6 % - The percentage of uninsured people in Texas , the highest of any state . 5.6 % - The percentage of uninsured people in Massachusetts , the lowest of any state . Breaking down the court 's decision Opinion : Are voters ready to move on ? Photos : Who is John Roberts ? Overheard on CNN.com : Health care law a ` necessary evil '	49.9 million -- The number of uninsured Americans in 2010 15.4 % - The percentage of children living in poverty who are also uninsured 95 million -- Number of people in the U.S. covered by government health insurance
CNN  -- After a chance introduction by a mutual friend more than two decades ago , Alec Baldwin dedicated much of his rare free time to helping Paul Newman fulfill his dream of making the lives of some children just a little brighter . Newman founded a summer camp for seriously ill kids that he named the Hole in the Wall Gang Camp after the gang in his film "  Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid . " He believed that children facing grave illnesses and very grown-up realities should have a special hideout where they could just be kids for a while . Newman died in 2008 , but the camp -- now in its 25th year -- carries on his mission and legacy with a bit of help from some of his famous friends , like Baldwin . When Newman was alive , he and Baldwin and several of the acting legend 's other famous friends would gather at the camp to entertain . "  We would come up here and do really horrible shows , variety shows . Newman and his friends would write the most awful comedy sketches you 've ever heard in your life , and we 'd come up here , and we 'd just do them without any shame . And people loved it , " Baldwin said . Now , Baldwin feels that his role is more of helping fill the void left by Newman when it comes to ensuring that the camp thrives for the children who so badly need this escape , now and for years to come . "  I think the thing that 's robbed from these kids is a childhood , which is maybe not , you know , worry-free , but less worry . Childhood is when you should have less of the tough things in life and the difficult things in life , and these kids have an excess of the difficult things in life , the tough things in life . And when they come to the camp , they have a childhood on so many levels , " Baldwin said . At any one time , the camp can take 120 children -- free of charge -- with illnesses such as cancer , blood diseases and disorders and metabolic diseases . "  The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp is a sanctuary for seriously ill children where they can forget about their illness and get back in touch with what it means to be a child , " camp CEO Jimmy Canton said . "  The children that come to the Hole in the Wall Gang Camp do anything a child would do at a typical camp . It 's just that we modify all of our activities to make sure that they are totally included and every activity is accessible to their needs . So there 's fishing , boating , theater , arts and crafts , wood shop , horses , clowning , sports and rec , camping out . You name it ; we do it . "  What the children , I think , get out of camp the most is that is a sense of community and a sense of acceptance , and in their regular lives they feel totally isolated , and they so often are living on the margins . But at camp , they 're surrounded by 120 other children that have walked in their shoes , down similar paths . And they look around and that affirmation , that understanding , that sense of safety is . Is so much greater than I think anyone could ever expect when they walk into the hole in the wall gang camp . " And according to 11-year-old Cameron Merritt , that 's exactly what happens when he comes to camp each summer . "  I know I 'm at a camp that 's really fun and that I can have a good time at . I do n't think about the hospital , and I do n't think about cancer . Even though there may be kids there who are sick , I still do n't think about it . " A big part of the camp 's success is its ability to handle the children 's needs medically . It has an infirmary staffed with 15 nurses and three or four full-time physicians at all times , as well as a full team of very passionate staff . "  One of the things about the camp I love is that , yes , there are celebrity friends of Newman 's , over the many years they 've done this , have come up here , but the people who really , really make the difference are the staff . And it 's just the most beautiful group of people . Hole in the Wall is different , because Newman was different , and people loved him , and they love his wife , and he pulled people in who were like him , who were drawn to him like a magnet , you know , to give and to stay dedicated , " Baldwin said . The camp has served children for 25 years due in great part to the donations it receives , big and small . Through the years , it has attracted a few sponsors to host big fundraising events like the Travelers Championship because the magic of the camp is contagious , as tournament director Nathan Grube explains . "  The first time I went out to camp , I did n't know what to expect , and actually I was very busy at the time , and I was on my phone , and one of the children started speaking about their experience at camp , and I hung up my phone , and I settled in , and I started listening , and I just started crying . This child was sharing how impactful camp was to him . And then the parents were sitting there too , saying ` it meant so much to us to see our child be so affected by this . ' I was completely hooked . And our whole team with Travelers tournament , we feel so fortunate to be able to give them the money because of what they do and what it means to kids and what it means to the parents to see the transformation in those kids . " But Baldwin is aware that even with big donors , it will take long-term support to serve 120 children at a time for nine sessions each summer , as well as continue outreach programs at hospitals and maintain the other camps across the country -- eight in all -- that now fall under the Hole in the Wall Gang Camp umbrella . He feels the weight of carrying on what Newman began and feels it 's his mission to carry the torch . "  I really get choked up when I 've thought about what Newman 's done . It 's so singular , and if people send five bucks or 10 bucks and sign on and support the work that 's being done here , it 's probably the greatest cause I 've seen in my life . "	Paul Newman founded the Hole in the Wall Gang Camp for seriously ill children in 1988 The camp serves children who are facing cancer , blood disorders and metabolic diseases Alec Baldwin has been involved with the camp for about 20 years Baldwin is helping carry the torch to ensure the camp 's continued success
CNN  -- DC Comics ' Wonder Woman has gotten a makeover . For the character 's big-screen debut in Zack Snyder 's "  Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice , " the familiar red , blue and gold costume has been traded in for a bronzed ensemble with matching thigh-high boots . The new look was unveiled at San Diego Comic-Con on Saturday , with director Snyder sharing the first photo of actress Gal Gadot as the Amazon princess . Some fans have been thrilled , saying Wonder Woman 's costume was due for an update . "  Not the classic costume , but interesting , " one observer noted on Facebook . "  That looks like Wonder Woman to me ! " tweeted another . "  Gal looks phenomenal . " Other fans have been vocally disappointed , dismissing the costume as too "  Xena : Warrior Princess " and the actress as too petite to portray the fierce fighter Diana Prince . "  Not impressed , " said one commenter on DC Comics ' Facebook page . "  Colors are too muted . Nothing about this says Wonder Woman . " "  Where is the powerful , strong Wonder Woman we all love ? " asked another fan on Facebook . "  She looks way too small . " Lynda Carter , who played Wonder Woman on TV in the '70s , has n't voiced her opinion on the new costume -- but she did ask her fans to weigh in .  The verdict ? "  She 's no Lynda ! " Gadot has n't been the only "  Batman v Superman " star to suffer critics . Her co-star Ben Affleck had the lion 's share when he was brought on to play Batman . That criticism did n't stem the excitement at Comic-Con on Saturday when Affleck arrived at the "  Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice " panel along with Gadot and Henry Cavill , who plays Superman . Although "  Batman v Superman " is still in production , those present did get a taste of what 's to come . Also starring Amy Adams as Lois Lane , Laurence Fishburne as Perry White , Jesse Eisenberg as Lex Luthor and Jeremy Irons as Alfred , "  Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice " will open May 6 , 2016 .	Wonder Woman 's new look was seen at Comic-Con on Saturday The color scheme is darker than the classic costume Fan reaction has been mixed
DALLAS , Texas  CNN  -- If you turn to the Bible -- Isaiah Chapter 35 , Verse 8 -- you will see a passage that in part says , "  A highway shall be there , and a road , and it shall be called the Highway of Holiness . " Churchgoers in six states have held prayer sessions along the side of Interstate 35 . Now , is it possible that this "  highway " mentioned in Chapter 35 is actually Interstate 35 that runs through six U.S. states , from southern Texas to northern Minnesota ? Some Christians have faith that is indeed the case . It was with that interesting belief in mind that we decided to head to Texas , the southernmost state in the I-35 corridor , to do a story about a prayer campaign called "  Light the Highway . " Churchgoers in all six states recently finished 35 days of praying alongside Interstate 35 , but the prayers are still continuing . Some of the faithful believe that in order to fulfill the prophecy of I-35 being the "  holy " highway , it needs some intensive prayer first . So we watched as about 25 fervent and enthusiastic Christians prayed on the the interstate 's shoulder in Dallas . They chanted loudly and vibrantly , making many people in the neighborhood wonder what was going on . They prayed that adult businesses along the corridor would "  see the light " and perhaps close down . They prayed for safety and freedom from crime for people who lived along the interstate . They prayed that all Americans would accept Jesus into their lives . Watch believers offer prayers " The woman who came up with the concept of "  Light the Highway " is a Texas minister named Cindy Jacobs . She says she ca n't be sure Interstate 35 really is what is mentioned in the Bible but says she received a revelation to start this campaign after "  once again reading Isaiah , Chapter 35 . " Jacobs also points out that perhaps there is a link between the area near this highway and tragedies that have happened in history , such as the bridge collapse on I-35 in Minneapolis last August and the assassination of JFK 44 years ago near I-35 in Dallas . That 's why prayer certainly ca n't hurt , she adds . Now , it 's only fair to say most people , the religious and the non-religious alike , do n't buy any of this , but none more than the owners of some of the adult businesses along I-35 . At an adult go-go club , the owner tells us he resents people trying to impose their will on others . And he says his club holds fundraisers , food drives and toy drives to help the community . But on the side of the road , the prayerful are n't going to change their minds . Holy highways and nude clubs , they believe , are not a combination God has in mind . E-mail to a friend	Some see connection between the Bible and Interstate 35 Believers pray by the side of the highway , which runs through six states I-35 runs from southern Texas to northern Minnesota
CNN  -- While state TV bounced between scenes of serene concert footage and orderly rallies in support of leader Moammar Gadhafi , eyewitnesses describe a far different , far more chaotic Libya -- one with arms-toting mercenaries , demonstrators ramming stolen tanks into a military base and masked men firing guns and blasting pro-government tunes from their sport utility vehicles . Sporadic gunfire continued to ring out early Monday in parts of the North African nation , albeit a far cry from the tumult seen at other times since demonstrations and clashes began Tuesday night in Benghazi . Obtaining independent confirmation on events in Libya is very difficult . The Libyan government maintains tight control on communications and has not responded to repeated requests from CNN for access to the country . CNN has , however , interviewed numerous witnesses by phone . Several people noted that major unrest came to Gadhafi 's doorstep in the capital Tripoli for the first time on Sunday , where crowds of anti-government protesters loudly decried Libya 's current government , set fires to cars and braved gunfire by uniformed and self-styled security forces . Gunfire rang out in the capital 's streets , some of it coming from the barrel of masked men driving through the streets , said one witness -- who , like many others , is n't identified for safety reasons . A woman said she saw demonstrators running down a Tripoli street outside her window , chased by apparent mercenaries in pickup trucks . The men were firing at the demonstrators and throwing tear gas at them , according to the witness . Many families have closed their windows and turned off their lights out of fear , she said . Demonstrations , clashes and damage were especially evident around Green Square and the presidential palace , individuals on the ground told CNN . According to one person , the heavy guard detail normally positioned outside Gadhafi 's residence disappeared Sunday night . Protesters who set fire to cars in the middle of the street soon thereafter bolted after hearing gunfire , a Libyan man said . "  Someone came and said that Gadhafi 's people are in the next street , " he said . "  We could hear the gunshots were very close . " By early Monday , Tripoli 's streets had calmed down , though frequent gunshots could still be heard . "  Now we hear gun shots mostly -- a lot of them , " said one man , adding that he also heard people protesting in the distance . A relative calm had also descended by then in Benghazi , Libya 's second largest city and a hotbed of anti-Gadhafi sentiment . But it was a far cry from the violence there on Sunday . The central government lost control of Benghazi , with multiple witnesses reporting that protesters took over Libya 's second-largest city with support from some military who dropped their allegiance to Gadhafi . However , his son Saif Gadhafi -- in a speech on state television early Monday -- continued to insist the military remained loyal to the ruling government and would be taking an increasingly active role in suppressing unrest in the coming days . The reported power shift followed fresh clashes that left 25 dead earlier in the day , a doctor at Benghazi 's Al Jalla Hospital said . A source at Benghazi Medical Center , the city 's other major hospital , said there were 10 people dead there Sunday . One man told CNN that uniformed troops opened fire on thousands of mourners as they passed through the streets during a funeral procession honoring those killed the previous day . Protesters later Sunday packed at least one car with explosives and sent it crashing into a compound wall at a military camp in the eastern city , eyewitnesses said . Security forces then fired on the protesters as they attempted to breach the camp . On the camp 's southern side , meanwhile , protesters drove a tank from a nearby army base in another attempt to break in , witnesses said . They have also obtained other weapons , the protester said . Libyan state television reported the camp has been defended , and that protesters were being warned on loudspeakers not to attack the compound . The network called it an act of sabotage . The protester said that the military camp is significant because it houses Gadhafi 's eastern palace . "  It 's a symbol of his dominance here , " he said . "  And it 's the last symbol , basically . " A protester said some fellow anti-government demonstrators had other weapons . Saif Gadhafi accused criminal elements of stealing arms and firing them in an attempt to cast blame on military and security forces . Medical sources and other sources have said that at least 219 had died nationwide in the violence . But Saif Gadhafi said that international media had overstated the death toll . He also claimed foreign nationals and "  illegal immigrants " had stirred the uprising , with some dissenters attacking government installations as well as stealing caches of weapons . CNN 's Brian Walker , Ben Brumfield and Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	Witnesses in Tripoli and Benghazi report on tumult ; CNN ca n't confirm their accounts Masked men blasted pro-government music and fired guns in Tripoli , witnesses say Anti-government protesters set fire to cars and attacked a military base in Benghazi Moammar Gadhafi 's son claims the media overstates the violence , blames outsiders
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Filipino film "  Himala " has been awarded the CNN APSA Viewers Choice Award for Best Asia-Pacific Film of all Time . "  The Screening Room " presenter Myleene Klass arrives at the Asia Pacific Screen Awards in Queensland , Australia . Thousands of CNN viewers voted on "  The Screening Room " Web site to honor Ishmael Bernal 's 1982 film with the accolade , which is jointly awarded by CNN and the region 's prestigious Asia Pacific Screen Awards  APSA  . "  The Screening Room 's " Myleene Klass presented the award Tuesday in front of a crowd of over 700 film industry figures at a special ceremony on the Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia . Bernal 's austere tale of a young woman who goes on a healing crusade after seeing a vision of the Virgin Mary , which stars Filipino actress Nora Aunor , took the prize with 32 percent of the vote . It came in ahead of ahead of more widely known films like Japanese Akira Kurosawa 's "  Shichinin no samurai "  "  Seven Samurai "  , which took second place and "  Wo hu cang long "  "  Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon "  by Taiwan 's Ang Lee , which snared third . Other films in the shortlist included Chan-wook Park 's "  Oldboy " from South Korea and Japanese animation master Hayao Miyazaki 's animated film "  Sen to Chihiro no Kamikakushi "  "  Spirited Away "  . "  Whatever the reason , I do feel we deserve this award , " said "  Himala " producer Bibsy Carballo , "  If only as a tribute to our people who in once a great while decide to come together as one , forget their petty squabbles and divisiveness , and make a declaration of support for this troubled nation , and its tremendously talented and good-hearted if unfortunate population . Long live ` Himala ! ' " When it was first released in 1982 , "  Himala " was picked for the official selection at Berlin International Film Festival , as well as a number of other festivals , and Nora Aunor was nominated for Best Actress . A total of 32 films representing 17 countries from Kazakhstan to Korea and the Islamic Republic of Iran to India were finalists at this year 's Asia Pacific Screen Awards . Kazakh picture "  Tulpan , " by director Sergei Dvortsevoy , which tells the story of a family of sheep and goat herders , took home the main feature prize . Other winners included Israeli director Ari Folman 's animated feature "  Waltz with Bashir , " which took Best Animated Feature . Best Documentary was given to South Korea 's "  63 Years On " by Dong-won Kim and Achievement in Directing was awarded to Turkish filmmaker Nuri Bilge Ceylan for " Üç maymun "  "  Three Monkeys "  . The 2008 APSA International jury which presided over the shortlisted films was led by veteran Australian director , Bruce Beresford known for films like "  Driving Miss Daisy . " Asia Pacific Screen Awards Chairman Des Power said : "  There is a growing fascination and respect for films from this diverse region . "  It is a tribute to the filmmakers that they now have a globally recognised award and the broadcast reach of CNN International to promote their work . " Watch "  The Screening Room 's " Asia Pacific Screen Awards show at the following times : Wednesday 26 November : 0930 , 1830 , Saturday 29 November : 0830 , 1900 , Sunday 30 November : 1730 , 1830 , Monday 1 December : 0400  all times GMT	Filipino film , "  Himala " wins CNN Asia Pacific Screen Awards Viewers Choice Award Ishmael Bernal 's film beat Akira Kurosawa 's "  Seven Samurai " to the top prize CNN "  The Screening Room 's " presenter Myleene Klass awarded the accolade
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Reports that "  virginity tests " were conducted on would-be-brides for a mass wedding has prompted India 's federal woman rights watchdog to launch an investigation . Young Indian men and women are paraded before a mass wedding in 2006 in the village of Funda . But a district magistrate said the tests were simply "  clinical examinations " that were initiated after one of the brides gave birth at a previous mass wedding . In largely-conservative India , pre-marital sex remains a taboo . In fact , sexually explicit scenes on screen in Bollywood and on television sometimes spark controversies . The alleged tests happened in Madhya Pradesh state which is controlled by conservative Hindu nationalists who are members of the opposition Bharatiya Janata Party . The controversy is indicative of the row between them and their opponents in the Congress Party , who dominate the federal government . The National Commission for Women  NCW  said it has also sought a report from the government and police of Madhya Pradesh state , its spokeswoman Kareena B. Thengamam told CNN . She said the NCW had become aware of reports that some 150 brides-to-be , mostly tribal women , were subject to "  virginity tests " before their mass wedding on June 30 as part of a state government scheme . The watchdog has also formed an inquiry committee of its own . State authorities , however , denied conducting any virginity tests , but insisted they were "  just clinical examinations " before the event . On its part , Madhya Pradesh state insists the "  clinical examinations " aimed to keep the event free from any fraudulent entries -- like women already married , but wanting to get free wedding goodies . The state government organizes mass weddings involving economically-backward couples , with support worth $ 130 for each pair . The support is not in cash , but in the form of household articles . The district magistrate of Shahdol , where the mass wedding took place , said 13 women were found to be pregnant in the examinations , which he claimed followed "  routine " questioning about their age and health . "  Another was found to be minor  underage  , " Neeraj Dubey added . None of the 14 was allowed to take part in the mass wedding . District officials introduced clinical examinations on women wanting to get married in the mass weddings after a participant delivered a baby right at the event earlier , he said . "  But there is no internal examination ; it 's only abdomen check and that too after some questioning , " he claimed .	Indian rights watchdog investigates reports of "  virginity tests " on would-be-brides State authorities insists tests were "  just clinical examinations " In largely-conservative India , pre-marital sex remains taboo
Airstrikes like those that have helped slow the advance of ISIS fighters in the Syrian town of Kobani rocked the city again Saturday . A huge plume of smoke rose over the city 's center in the aftermath of an apparent airstrike that hit the area with three large blasts , according to CNN crews watching from bordering Turkey . While accounts from within the city differed , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Syrian Kurdish forces who have retaken parts of the city fought with ISIS fighters south of the city , near the border crossing with Turkey . A fighter in Kobani who declined to be identified for security reasons said clashes also occurred in the city 's eastern neighborhoods . A civilian who similarly declined to be identified said there was no front-line fighting or shelling of the city . Kurdish and Free Syrian Army forces were fanning out across the city probing for ISIS soldiers , the fighter told CNN . Opinion : From guerrillas to conquerors : How ISIS has changed U.S. warplanes struck only twice Friday and Saturday in Kobani , the U.S. Central Command said Saturday . Both targeted ISIS fighting positions , the military said . That 's far fewer airstrikes than in recent days -- U.S. jets flew at least 14 missions near Kobani on Thursday and Friday , according to Central Command . And although Central Command commander Gen. Lloyd Austin warned Friday that the city still could fall , ISIS militants appear to have vanished from at least portions of the city , the Kobani fighter told CNN . While the Kurdish and Free Syrian Army troops feel victorious , the fighter said they remain wary of ambushes and booby traps left behind . Opposition group : ISIS militants training to fly warplanes in Syria The civilian who spoke to CNN said water has become an issue , with residents and fighters drawn to wells that are common for homes in the city . In other developments in the fight against ISIS : -- At least seven civilians died in a U.S. airstrike on an ISIS-controlled oilfield near the city of Khusham , the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . Three more died in a strike near the village of Kabiba , the group said . The U.S. Central Command said that it had bombed ISIS crude oil collecting points and refineries , including three strikes on a facility northeast of Khusham . The military statement , however , made no mention of civilian casualties . -- Airstrikes also targeted ISIS units in Iraq , destroying an armed vehicle a machine gun position , a building occupied by the group and three guard shacks near Bayji . Airstrikes near Mosul hit an ISIS building , machine gun and vehicle and three small ground units . -- Iraq 's Parliament approved the appointment of a Shiite to the job of interior minister and a Sunni as defense minister , a member of the parliament , Ali al-A ` laq , told CNN . Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi had promised to fill the two vacant jobs and give one to a Shiite as part of efforts to heal sectarian divides in the country . Those divisions have been blamed , in part , for allowing ISIS to make the gains it has . The United Nations special representative in Iraq , Nicolay Mladenov , called the appointments "  another important step towards bringing the country together . " Opinion : Will ISIS ` weaponize ' foreign fighters ?	U.S. airstrikes kill at least 10 civilians , Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Only two airstrikes reported in Kobani Syrian Kurdish and Free Syrian Army forces fight ISIS in and around the city , reports say Iraq 's parliament approves key government appointments
CNN  -- The last eight years In the United States have included momentous events including the September 11 attacks , the Iraq war , Hurricane Katrina and an economic recession . Ted Stanke of New York created a symbolic map of the United States out of toy soldiers to protest the Iraq war . Historic moments defined President Bush 's time in office , and now the world must wait to see how history will define him . Just 27 percent of the respondents to a recent CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll said they approved of Bush 's handling of his job as president . Respondents also indicated they did n't want him to have future influence , with 66 percent saying they did n't want to see the president return to public life . We asked readers to share their views on Bush 's legacy on iReport.com . The majority of the responses expressed disappointment with the president 's performance . Many readers with whom we spoke said they were deeply frustrated with the way Bush handled issues such as the Iraq war , the economy and Hurricane Katrina . Watch Bush discuss handling of Katrina " Cathy Cott , 49 , of Tahlequah , Oklahoma , vented her "  boiling anger " on iReport.com . She voted Republican for 22 years until after the 2000 election when Bush won a narrow victory over Democrat Al Gore . She says she is now a registered Democrat who voted for Barack Obama . iReport.com : Bubbling over "  I guess the simplest reason for my boiling anger is I have three kids and they will spend their lives paying for Bush 's policies , wars , economic disasters and the general mess he is leaving behind both monetarily and in their general quality of life , " Cott said . "  Eight years of frustration " over the Iraq war and other military decisions inspired New York artist Ted Stanke to create painstakingly detailed and unmistakably symbolic artwork from toy soldiers . One piece shows a map of the United States with an inset globe made from the tiny fighters , while another depicts a bush constructed from the soldiers . iReport.com : See Stanke 's toy soldier art Some iReporters say they still support Bush , while others said they voted for him but changed their minds about him later . Kathi Cordsen is a Republican who describes herself as a Bush supporter . The Fullerton , California , resident says the September 11 attacks profoundly changed the way people perceived Bush . She says many people were too unwilling to give him a chance . iReport.com : In defense of Bush "  He is a funny man , a kind man , a bit of a goofball and not very well-spoken , " Cordsen said . "  But , he would not have been treated the way he is being treated now if not for 9/11 . His presidency was thwarted by the ` evildoers . ' I love that term of his . " Chuck Burkhard of Windber , Pennsylvania , hopes history will remember Bush as a strong man who loved his country . Burkard said the president juggled unprecedented challenges during his term , including dealing with terrorism and facing up to financial forces that may not have been under his control . Critics of Bush should look within themselves for answers , he said . iReport.com : Working overtime "  Most of us are spoiled by a have-it-our-way-now and reckless generation that must stop borrowing so much and start working more . We shift blame instead of looking to ourselves for resolve and drive . " Burkhard said he feels Bush is one of the most overworked presidents in history and has shouldered too much blame for the current state of the economy . "  I personally have never seen this much responsibility thrown onto our country , in such a small amount of time , " Burkhard said . "  We are responsible for the world economy , the global war on terror , global warming . You name it , we have our hands in it . " Chris Molisani of Rochester , New York , says September 11 was a defining moment , not just for Bush 's presidency , but also in his own life . He was in high school and college during Bush 's eight years in the White House . iReport.com : Look back on how Bush changed the country He can scarcely remember the Bush presidency before 9/11 and expects phrases such as "  weapons of mass destruction , " "  Axis of Evil " and "  You 're either with us or against us " to be associated permanently with him . He hopes for a brighter future with President-elect Barack Obama . "  History will likely be kinder to Bush than his contemporaries are , but a Washington , Lincoln or Roosevelt he will not become , " Molisani said . "  What is interesting to note is that some of the worst presidents in history have been followed by the best presidents . Perhaps we will have a bright future to look forward to . " Maria Davis of Prescott Valley , Arizona , voted twice for Bush but now regrets her decision . Her dislike for the Democratic candidates ' running mates in 2000 and 2004 was a major factor , she said . iReport.com : Watch Davis discuss the pros and cons of the president 's time Although she wants Bush to get out of the national spotlight , she feels he needs to speak to the people and mend wounds . She hopes he will follow Sen. John McCain 's example and make a gracious speech after the inauguration . "  Speak to the American people passionately and gracefully about Obama taking the presidency , " Davis said . "  That would probably help people . " His presidency was n't all bad , she said . "  Well , he was good for 9/11 , and he caught Saddam -LSB- Hussein -RSB- , but he ran the country into the ground with unneeded funding for an unneeded war in Iraq , " she wrote . Overall , Davis has mixed feelings now and has felt uneasy for a long time . She was laid off from her job and is trying to run a home eBay business that barely pays rent . She is having trouble finding jobs that pay more than $ 7 per hour . Her brother , who has a house payment and a child to support , was recently laid off , as well . She hopes the country can rebuild . "  It 's hell , it 's absolutely hell , " she said . "  I really hope Obama can fix the economy so we can have our lives again and live the American dream . " The desire to dream again was a common theme , and many iReporters said they yearn for more hopeful times . Robin Savage of San Juan Capistrano , California , said Bush 's greatest legacy is the passionate voter turnout he unintentionally inspired in the 2008 election . She said she is glad to see Obama 's rise as a result . iReport.com : One last thing before he goes "  I think the one thing President Bush will be remembered for is not being able to really connect with people . If you compared him to Obama , I tell you , what a difference there is . " Patrick Finney of Portland , Oregon , said he felt there was a large disconnect between Bush and the American people . He says the president ignored what ordinary folks wanted . "  I am afraid that George Bush will be judged harshly by history , " Finney said . "  I am also afraid that judgment will be deserved . " But critics should be careful about taking aim at Bush , warns David P. Kronmiller of Burbank , California . "  I do not think we should be blaming him for the misery of the last eight years . He is not to blame . We are . You are , the American people . We voted him into office . " iReport.com : The Bush paradox Kronmiller says he voted for Bush in 2000 , but not in 2004 , adding that he feels Bush is responsible for day-to-day decisions that placed the country in a state he finds unfortunate . He watched the final presidential news conference and said he thinks Bush should have better addressed the hardships faced by residents who were affected by Hurricane Katrina . "  I learned my lesson in four years , " Kronmiller says . Jimmy Deol of Toronto , Ontario , Canada , said he believes Bush had good intentions . "  I think he meant well , " Deol said . "  I wholeheartedly believe it . In his convictions , he always thought he was doing the right thing . The people elected him . There must have been something people liked . " iReport.com : Quotes and commentary Deol said he thinks Bush should take time out to help the veterans of the war he helped create . Overall , he said , the meaning of the Bush presidency will be defined by those who pick up where he left off . "  The movement of change ? That 's Bush 's legacy . "	iReport.com : Readers share impassioned , often angry , thoughts on Bush Cathy Cott says she feels frustration coming to a boil at the mention of him Chris Molisani says he ca n't remember Bush 's years before September 11 Maria Davis wants to see him give a unifying departing speech
CNN  French customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine aboard a sailboat that was falsely flying an American flag in the Caribbean . The drugs , whose value is estimated at more than $ 105 million , are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by French authorities , said Michael Lachaux , director of customs operations in Martinique . Officers arrested one Venezuelan and two Spanish citizens who were on board the vessel off the coast of Martinique on Wednesday , Lachaux said in an interview with the radio station France Info on Saturday . Martinique is an overseas department of France . In November , French customs officials seized nearly 250 kilograms  550 pounds  of cocaine on a vessel that was also off the coast of Martinique , according to authorities .	The value of the drugs is estimated at more than $ 105 million Officers arrested one Venezuelan and two Spanish citizens on board the vessel
CNN  -- Opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai said Wednesday that Zimbabwe is in shambles and warned that deaths from starvation and a cholera outbreak threaten to surge with the rainy season approaching . A man carries a relative in a wheelbarrow to a cholera clinic in Harare on Tuesday . Bemoaning Zimbabwe 's decline is a familiar refrain for the embattled head of the Movement for Democratic Change . His most recent remarks , however , were backed by former President Carter , who returned from a five-day trip to neighboring South Africa this week and declared Zimbabwe "  a basket case . " Tsvangirai also expressed frustration with attempts to form a unity government between his group and the ruling Zanu-PF party . He said he has asked that South African ex-President Thabo Mbeki recuse himself as mediator between the two parties . The Zimbabwean government quickly countered Tsvangirai 's allegations that President Robert Mugabe and Zanu-PF were responsible for the problems gripping the country . "  The government is very committed to ensure that the humanitarian crisis is addressed . It would be wrong for the MDC to blame it on the government , " Foreign Affairs Minister Simbarashe Mumbengegwi said . Addressing Tsvangirai 's allegations that cholera deaths could soon top 50 a day and that the Mugabe-led government seems intent on covering it up , Mumbengegwi noted that Zimbabwe is not the only country where cholera is a problem . Watch why world leaders call the situation in Zimbabwe shocking " "  No government would want its people to suffer . Cholera is not peculiar to Zimbabwe , " he said . "  We hear it is now in South Africa , too , but we can not relax because of that . We have to fight it as Zimbabweans . " A report in the state-run Herald newspaper Wednesday said the government has kicked off an information campaign to inform citizens of "  the do 's and do n'ts to combat the disease . " The government is also drilling boreholes to find clean , subterranean water that can be pumped to the surface for drinking and bathing , the Herald reported . The World Health Organization said last week that almost 300 people have died of cholera since August and more than 6,000 cases have been reported . Tsvangirai said Wednesday that conditions would worsen this month as the rainy season brings steamy downpours to much of Zimbabwe , especially the eastern mountain forests . Carter , former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan and Graca Machel , wife of former South Africa President Nelson Mandela -- all of whom belong to a group of world leaders called the Elders -- had hoped to visit Zimbabwe on their recent trip to the region but were denied visas , according to Tsvangirai and a statement from the Carter Center . "  Mr. Mugabe would prefer that the suffering that he and Zanu-PF have caused , and continue to cause , remains in the dark , " Tsvangirai said in a statement , adding that because the Movement for Democratic Change and Zanu-PF can not form a partnership after months of wrangling , "  the MDC must instead work with those Zimbabwean organizations , groups and individuals to address the humanitarian crisis . " The humanitarian problems illustrate the political quagmire in Zimbabwe , where a power-sharing agreement that Mugabe and Tsvangirai signed in September has yet to take effect . Carter issued a statement Tuesday condemning what he said was Harare 's decision to renege on an agreement to allow him , Annan and Machel into the country . He also offered a damning assessment of the Mugabe regime . "  After almost three decades of governmental corruption , mismanagement and oppression , Zimbabwe has become a basket case , an embarrassment to the region and a focus of international concern and condemnation , " he said . Denied passage to Zimbabwe , Carter , Annan and Machel were left to consult with regional leaders -- including Tsvangirai , Botswana President Ian Khama and South Africa President Kgalema Motlanthe -- as well as United Nations officials , nongovernmental organizations and Zimbabwe 's civil leaders . "  We had a complete and balanced agenda and more frank discussions than would have been possible in the oppressive and restrained environment of Harare , " Carter said in his statement . Carter said he learned of conditions in which the official inflation rate has soared to about 231 million percent while thousands of Zimbabweans stand in line for their daily allowance of about 2 cents a day -- from their own bank accounts . The allowance does not afford them a half loaf of bread , he said . Teachers , who earn about a dollar a month , report a student-textbook ratio of about 20-to-1 , and school attendance has dropped to about 20 percent in the past three months , the former president reported . The few students still attending classes are generally doing so in the hopes of being fed , he said . "  Meanwhile , top government officials and other privileged people can exchange Zim money at a favorable rate that is several thousand times more than the official rate available to other citizens , " Carter said . "  They profit greatly from these monetary transactions and shop in special stores . " The nation 's four major hospitals have shut down , as roughly 3,500 AIDS victims are dying each week . Unchecked sewage and filthy water have compounded the cholera problem , and Zimbabwe 's death rate from the disease is 10 times greater than rates in areas where treatment is available , Carter said . The former president said 19,000 Zimbabweans are fleeing the country each month , mostly to South Africa and Botswana . He estimated that 4 million people have fled the nation . "  The middle class is departing , leaving behind the extremely poor and the small elite group around Mugabe who are profiting from the economic disaster , " he said . Comparing Zimbabwe to Somalia , a failed African state that has had no functional government since 1991 , Carter cast blame on African leaders who fail "  to confront Robert Mugabe and force him to accept the result of the March election and more recently to comply with negotiated political agreements to share governmental authority with Morgan Tsvangirai and the opposition party . " Tsvangirai snared more votes than Mugabe in March 's election but not a majority . Tsvangirai dropped out of a subsequent runoff , citing widespread violence against MDC supporters . Carter 's call for African leaders to step up pressure on Mugabe came a day before Tsvangirai asked South Africa 's Mbeki to bow out as mediator between the MDC and Zanu-PF . "  Sadly , the negotiations have also been hampered by the attitude and position of the facilitator , Mr. Thabo Mbeki . He does not appear to understand how desperate the problem in Zimbabwe is , and the solutions he proposes are too small , " Tsvangirai said in his statement . "  He is not serving to bring the parties together because he does not understand what needs to be done . In addition , his partisan support of Zanu-PF , to the detriment of genuine dialogue , has made it impossible for the MDC to continue negotiating under his facilitation . " Asked for the Zimbabwe government 's reaction to the MDC asking Mbeki to recuse himself , Foreign Minister Mumbengegwi said , "  We have no right to tell them who to complain about . It is their decision in the MDC . " Unless African leaders can find a way to mitigate the political impasse in Zimbabwe , the United Nations or the African Union might need to enter the fray , because , Carter said , "  the poisonous effects " of the Mugabe regime , including the cholera outbreak , are spilling into other African nations . Food , medicine and monetary donations should be sent immediately to humanitarian agencies such as CARE , World Vision and Save the Children , Carter said , advising that it is unwise to send cash directly to people in Zimbabwe . "  It is counterproductive to contribute money that can be confiscated by the Zimbabwe government , " he said .	Opposition 's Morgan Tsvangirai asks Thabo Mbeki to recuse himself as mediator Jimmy Carter reports children still attending school do so in hopes of being fed Carter : Zimbabweans line up daily for 2-cent allowance from own bank accounts Cholera crisis seeping from Zimbabwe borders , may require intervention , he says
CNN  -- Four days after the death of Aaron Swartz , the digital innovator and blazing intellect , why are millions of strangers on the Internet still mourning as if some essential part of us has died ? The answer is simple : It has . We can understand -- but of course not fathom -- the grief of Aaron 's loving parents , of his friends and of people like me who were privileged to have known Aaron over his short years . To understand the depth of feeling among those who never met Aaron , we have to get past the convenient pegs the media have used to explain his story . For example , the media like to shorthand Aaron by calling him a "  hacker . " Yes , if by "  hacker " we mean what software developers generally intend by the term : an exceptionally clever person who can make anything out of anything . To the general public though , it means a "  black hat " who violates laws to get at protected information . Aaron was a builder , not a hacker in the black hat sense . The list of the projects he contributed to is prodigious , as is appropriate for a prodigy who at the age of 13 anticipated the concept of Wikipedia and at 14 was being consulted by senior technologists about a standard to ease the flow of content across the Internet . Tech : How Aaron Swartz helped build the Internet That was just the start . Aaron went on to make serious contributions to Creative Commons  an organization that releases licenses so authors can let their work be more easily reused  , Open Library  a public library of online works  , Reddit  an immensely popular open discussion forum  , Markdown  a simple way to write Web pages  , web.py  making it easier for developers to create Web applications  , Jottit.com  type-and-post website  and much more . But you ca n't explain the Internet 's grief simply by referring to Aaron 's unearthly technical prowess . You may notice a pattern in the projects Aaron worked on : They 're about making it easier to share information on the Internet . That 's what got him in trouble with a reckless prosecutor who wanted to put him in jail for 35 years for downloading millions of academic research articles from a provider -- JSTOR -- that puts no limits on how many articles subscribers can download and that did not want to prosecute him . Earlier , Aaron had participated in making public court records much more readily available online . Yet it would be a mistake to peg Aaron only as a liberator of information for the public good . He also built services to enable social interactions around information and ideas , because that 's how ideas have effect in the world . Aaron had a deep sense of the Internet as the site of a new culture of ideas , connection and play . But it would also be a mistake to peg Aaron simply as a champion of social connectedness . He was that , but he was also a hardheaded fighter for justice . He was acutely aware of the advantages conveyed by accidents of birth : country , race , class , gender , sexuality and more . Access to information and to one another were , to Aaron , tools in the struggle to lessen the world 's raw unfairness . Swartz 's suicide sparks talk about depression Still , thinking of Aaron mainly as a software activist is one more peg we should undo . The world has rarely seen an intellect as voracious and comprehensive as Aaron 's . He was a seeker after first causes and had the mental prowess to plow through massive amounts of information and ideas , simultaneously considering the data , the pragmatics , the theory , and the theory of theory . His insight helped inspire Lawrence Lessig 's Harvard-based anti-corruption campaign  Rootstrikers  and two groundbreaking progressive grass-root organizations  Demand Progress and the Progressive Change Campaign Committee  . From these platforms , and with his remarkable skills as a writer , he was able to play a crucial role in alerting the Net to the dangers of the Stop Online Piracy Act that would have given the government more power to shut down sites at the blink of the content industry 's stink eye . Put this together and you still do n't have that which the Net is mourning . Aaron did n't just contribute ferociously to the Net . It was n't just that he was persecuted out of all proportion for trying to contribute more . Above all , he embodied what is best and hopeful about the Internet : its endless information , its ethos of sharing , its joy in connecting friends and strangers , its unflinching transparency about its own limitations , its promise -- by no means yet delivered -- of a world that is more open , more knowledgeable , and , above all , more fair ... a world that reflects the values of the Internet at its best . That is why the Internet is so wracked with sadness . That is why we will never forget Aaron Swartz . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Weinberger .	David Weinberger : With Aaron Swartz 's suicide , something essential about the Net has died He says Swartz not just "  hacker " but prescient prodigy who made huge contributions He says zealous prosecutors wanted to jail him , but he saw information as public good Writer : Swartz embodied what is best about the Net -- sharing , connectedness , promise
Istanbul  CNN  -- Thousands of mostly Syrian prisoners were exchanged Wednesday for a few dozen Iranians in Damascus , a Turkish charity said . The Syrian government released 2,130 civilians , 76 of them women , in exchange for the release of 48 Iranians who had been held by Syrian rebels , said Huseyin Oruc , deputy president of the Humanitarian Relief Foundation in Turkey . Iran has backed the Syria government during the nearly two-year war that has pitted rebels against the regime of President Bashar al-Assad . Iran 's semi-official news agency FARS reported Wednesday that the released Iranians were pilgrims who had been "  abducted by terrorists in Syria in August . " Al-Assad and Iran routinely refer to Syrian rebels as foreign-backed militants or terrorists . The exchange took place after a speech delivered Sunday by al-Assad in which he vowed to continue to push back against the rebels . "  It 's a huge victory for us , " said Louai al Miqdad , a political and media coordinator for the Free Syrian Army . It 's a huge victory for the revolution . And it 's a huge victory for the Syrian people . " He added , "  It shows the whole world that Bashar al-Assad only understands the language of force . Today , we released them by our hand . " Oruc told CNN in a telephone interview that four Turkish nationals and one Palestinian were also released by the Syrian government as part of the deal . The foundation 's teams in Damascus handled the exchange , which took place at various police stations , he said . By late Wednesday , the freed Iranians were in Damascus and the freed Syrians had returned to their homes , he said . Read more : What 's next for Syria in 2013 ? According to the charity , the swap is the result of three months of negotiations . Among the freed Syrians and Turks were four "  bride activists , " women who were wearing their wedding dresses when they were arrested protesting violence in their country , Miqdad said . Some of the Syrian and Turkish prisoners had been held in the capital 's main prison , and others in a prison run by the intelligence branch , Miqdad said . Read more : Snowstorms thrash Middle East He said the released Iranians were members of a group abducted last August by rebels in Damascus . The Iranian government denied rebel claims that the freed Iranians were members of Iran 's Revolutionary Guard . Tehran says they are Shiite pilgrims who were in Syria visiting a holy site in Damascus when they were abducted by "  foreign-backed militants . " Opposition leaders accused al-Assad of valuing the freedom of a few dozen Iranians above the release of thousands of Syrian loyalist soldiers believed to be in rebel custody . "  One Iranian person means more to him than a thousand soldiers , " Miqdad said . "  The command came direct from Tehran . " Read more : Report describes brutal torture in Syria "  The big prize for the regime is the Iranians , keeping them happy , " said George Sabra , vice president of the National Coalition of Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces . "  The regime never cared about the lives of the civilian population or even his own armed forces . " Syria 's state-run SANA news agency reported that "  Iran hoped that permanent , comprehensive security and stability return to Syria " and said the Iranian Foreign Ministry had characterized the exchange as a release of Iranians who had been abducted in Syria . It urged respecting principles declared in international agreements that ban the attacking of innocents and consider the abductions as contradictory to the principles of human rights . Read more : Local diplomacy wins in tense Syria prisoner exchange Meanwhile , as the Syrian war ground on , the United Nations said Wednesday that Lakhdar Brahimi , the U.N.-Arab League envoy to Syria , would meet Friday with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Mikhail Bogdanov and U.S. Deputy Secretary of State William Burns . The meeting , to be held in Geneva , Switzerland , would be "  aimed at furthering their discussions to arrive at a political solution to the crisis in Syria , " a spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said . But on the ground , blood kept flowing . A car bomb rocked the Damascus suburb of Modamieyah on Wednesday , with reports of deaths and injuries , said the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , an activist group . Fighting also continued in the Taftanaz area of northern Syria , where rebels were engaged in a battle for a key Syrian air base . Al-Nusra Front , a militant group that the United States has designated as a terrorist movement , is among three rebel factions attacking the base in Idlib province , rebels have said . Elsewhere , wintry weather appeared to put a brake on some military operations . Read more : Scavenging for food , Syrian children witness war CNN 's Saad Abedine , Salma Abdelaziz and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	The prisoner swap is a "  huge victory " for the Syrian rebel movement , a spokesman says The 2,130 prisoners held by the Syrian government include Turks and Syrians Opposition leader : "  The big prize for the regime is the Iranians , keeping them happy "
Ever feel like no one really understands you ? Well "  Pepper " could be about to change all that . That 's because Pepper is actually a robot and touted as the world 's first with the ability to read emotions . The humanoid robot -- which looks slightly like a shrunken Michelin Man -- was unveiled to curious onlookers in Tokyo stores on Friday by SoftBank , a Japanese telecom giant and Aldebaran , a French robotics company . Pepper does n't look much like its name . Standing under four-feet tall with a tablet computer mounted to its chest , it has human-like hands and a mermaid-like lower torso -- though its toddler-like voice seems incongruous with this state-of-the-art facade . Despite the high-pitched voice , Pepper is able to converse about everything from the weather , to more sophisticated topics like the latest fluctuations in the stock markets . Yet the great differentiator is the fact Pepper is fully interactive , making eye contact when meeting people . Pepper is "  the first robot to read human emotions , " said Softbank 's CEO Masayoshi Son told reporters at a press conference in the Japanese capital on Thursday . "  Robots like Pepper are adding a new dimension in our daily lives . They would change it with the same magnitude as the PC , Internet and mobile phones did . " How Pepper reads your moods Using its emotion recognition functions , Pepper can react to people in its vicinity -- making jokes , dancing and even rapping  in Japanese  , as it did in an onstage demonstration on Thursday . Pepper can analyze facial expressions , human voice tones and gestures , then react autonomously through algorithms , its creators say . "  Our vision is to create an affectionate robot that can understand people 's feelings . Then autonomously , it will take action , " said Son . He envisions robots playing roles in education , healthcare and entertainment , but their primary goal is n't to work in the industry like existing robots . "  Our 's is not aiming for productivity , but rather at the home or store , where we provide fun and entertainment , " Son said . Pepper is designed to be a family robot -- perhaps more like a sleeker version of Rosie , the household robot on the cartoon "  The Jetsons . " "  Pepper is powered by love inside a family , " Son said . "  Not only is he making jokes , making them laugh . The robot acts out at its own expense , in natural disaster , it can help them and also comfort those people who are sad or lonely , encourage them or make them laugh . " When Pepper goes on sale Pepper goes on sale in Japan for around US$ 2,000 in February 2015 . For now , several Peppers are at Softbank stores in Tokyo for spectators to visit . The creators say before releasing Pepper for sale , they want the robots to accumulate more knowledge , to evolve and get more sophisticated in its interactions with humans . "  Several thousand Peppers are going to learn at the store , " Son said . "  Everything they learned and gained , is going to be accumulated into the cloud-based service . So that can be accelerating the evolution of the collective wisdom . " Pepper functions through cloud-based artificial intelligence . SoftBank and Aldebaran envision the robot being sold overseas eventually . After all , Pepper is quite the polyglot , speaking 17 languages .	Japan 's Softbank releases new robot Pepper in its stores Robots are designed to read emotions and interact with humans Pepper will be sold in Japan in February 2015 Pepper is designed to make people feel better
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actress Nicollette Sheridan 's wrongful termination lawsuit against the studio that produces "  Desperate Housewives " will be retried in September , a Los Angeles judge ordered this week . The first trial ended without a verdict as jurors deadlocked 8 to 4 in favor of the actress after three days of deliberations . They needed nine jurors to agree on a verdict . The judge set aside 12 days on her calendar for the jury trial , which is scheduled to begin on September 10 . In her lawsuit , Sheridan claimed her character was killed -- and her acting job eliminated -- in retaliation for her complaining that show producer Marc Cherry hit her during a rehearsal for the ABC comedy-drama . Sheridan lawyer Mark Baute has previously said he did not expect an out-of-court settlement . "  My view is that Disney is the unhappiest place on Earth , so why would there ever be a settlement offer ? " Baute said . ABC lawyer Adam Levin said the retrial will be "  far more narrow than the previous case " since the judge tossed out Sheridan 's battery complaint against Cherry , leaving only the wrongful termination issue against the ABC . Lawyers for Cherry and ABC 's Touchstone Television argued the demise of Sheridan 's character was a creative decision unrelated to the workplace complaint . ABC executives testified that Cherry gained their permission to have Edie Britt -- the sassy blonde played by Sheridan -- die in May 2008 , four months before the incident in which Cherry allegedly struck Sheridan . The hit during a rehearsal was just "  a light tap on the head " intended to demonstrate "  a piece of physical humor " that Cherry wanted Sheridan to perform , the defense said in opening statements . Sheridan testified that Cherry hit her because he was frustrated during a discussion over her lines in a scene . "  It was a nice wallop to my head , " she said . One juror who voted for Sheridan 's case said afterward that the defense story "  just did n't hold water for me . " Beverly Crosby , a retired elementary school principal , said her decision to find the studio liable was based on her doubts about the credibility of several defense witnesses , which included high-level ABC executives . "  There were a lot of people that some of the jurors found not too credible , " Crosby said . Juror Johnny Huynh , who also voted for Sheridan 's side , said it seemed to him that ABC executives scripted their stories "  just a little bit . " "  I do n't say they was scripted , " Huyhn said . "  It 's more like the story do n't match for me . " Although the show 's line producer reported the hitting incident to the studio 's human resources department , there was no investigation until an ABC senior executive saw a National Enquirer story about it at a grocery store two months later , according to testimony . What followed was a "  fake " investigation designed "  to protect the money machine known as ` Desperate Housewives , ' " Baute said . "  Nobody wants the ` Desperate Housewives ' applecart turned upside down . " The human resources investigator did not interview Cherry or Sheridan , only three people who worked for Cherry , Baute said . Five months and 11 episodes after the rehearsal incident , Cherry informed Sheridan that Britt would die during a show taping the next day , ending her five-year run on "  Desperate Housewives . " "  To my estimation , it was n't handled correctly , " juror Crosby said . "  It was n't handled the way it should have been handled . " Sheridan was asking for $ 5.7 million in damages from ABC and Cherry , although the actress was paid $ 4 million in her last year of work and is still earning royalties from her vested interest in the hit series .	Actress Nicollette Sheridan sued the show 's creator and ABC for wrongful termination She claims her firing was in retaliation for complaining she was struck by show 's creator First trial ended with the jury was deadlocked at 8-4 , in favor of the actress Juror says she questioned credibility of ABC 's witnesses
Washington  CNN  -- It 's hard to remember a presidential candidate who seemed more , er , unacquainted with the national dialogue -- or presidential prerequisites -- than Herman Cain . At first , he seemed a likable enough fellow . With exactly one idea : a 9-9-9 tax system . Not a truly GOP-minted plan , since it includes a national sales tax , which Republicans loathe . But never mind . He was genial and a welcome addition to those early debates in which some of his fellow contenders seemed so humorless , angry and , in some cases , downright unfriendly . Of course , Cain was unfriendly in that first moment in which he said he would n't allow any Muslims to serve at high levels of government  now a Cain classic !  . But he backtracked , so the matter seemed to slip away . That 's because Cain was still a gadfly -- one of those folks never destined to get the center podiums at the debates . Not serious , and not a serious threat . But as the weeks wore on , Cain became a phenom . Maybe it was the anti-Mitt Romney element . Or the likability factor . Or the anti-politician crowd gone wild . Eventually , he rose to the top of the pack .  Think helium . But when the gaffes continued -- and the sexual harassment allegations surfaced -- it was no longer harmless . Cain became a parody of the empty-suit candidate , and his campaign proudly carried his baggage . A silly Web ad with the campaign manager taking a drag of a cigarette said it all : grabbing for attention , blowing nothing but smoke . As for the sexual harassment allegations , the man-who-would-be-president alternately could n't recall them or could mildly recall them . The National Restaurant Association , where Cain worked at the time , recalled one settlement just fine . But Cain never asked for the records to be released to clear his name , so his name remains far from cleared . And do n't expect the woman he recently dubbed "  Tutti-frutti " -- U.S. Rep. Michele Bachmann -- to bail him out either . If this is the way Cain wants to behave , I suppose it 's a free country . But there is a cost to Republicans . The pursuit of the presidency is a serious undertaking . It requires ideas , beliefs , preparation , discipline , diligence . It is not vaudeville  although it may sometimes look that way  . And it 's not a book tour or the ticket to a future TV deal  although it may sometimes look that way .  To state the obvious , the president is the person who sends our sons and daughters to war , who manages the economy , who is our face to the world . So when I speak with Republicans who have been around awhile and who have served in top government jobs , Cabinet posts or even in the White House , they 're genuinely upset . Not because they support Romney or Rick Perry or Newt Gingrich , but because they believe that Cain just might be sucking all of the oxygen out of the GOP race . And , more to the point , they worry his antics -- and his behavior -- could bleed onto the GOP field , as if the pursuit of beating Barack Obama is somehow trivial . While the other candidates treat him like the silly uncle , he 's becoming dangerous to their own brand . Sure , there are always inadequate presidential candidates . But here 's where Cain truly distinguishes himself : he defends his inadequacies , even wears them as a badge of honor . So what if he did n't know the president 's Libya policy ? "  I 'm not supposed to know anything about foreign policy period . Just thought I 'd throw that out , " he told the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel this week -- the same day as the Libya gaffe . ' I want to talk to commanders on the ground . Because you run for president  people say  you need to have the answer . No , you do n't ! " Oh yes you do . Perry spent days trying to recover from a brain freeze in which he could n't remember the name of a government agency he wanted to eliminate , because he knew he made a real mistake . It was bad , but it was n't as bad as Cain 's Libya moment . "  The only thing Perry could n't remember was the name of a Cabinet agency , " Todd Harris , GOP political consultant who is unaffiliated with any of the campaigns , told CNN 's Kevin Bohn . "  For Cain , it looked like he could n't remember what he actually believes . " So far , no other candidates are defending Cain 's behavior and lack of serious intent or world view . No one is saying it 's a good thing not to know what side we are on in Libya . But they 're not hitting him for it either , as they should . And who is going to be the first serious GOP candidate to come out and say more about the harassment charges other than calling them "  troubling ? " I 'll give you this : It was far worse with Sarah Palin . After she was chosen as John McCain 's running mate , everyone whispered she was inadequate -- but said nothing publicly . In trying to win , the party became complicit in defending an indefensible choice . That ca n't possibly happen again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Gloria Borger : Herman Cain seems to know little about national issues , presidency She says he has n't adequately dealt with allegations of sexual harassment Cain seemed to have little sense of U.S. policy on Libya , Borger says Borger : Other GOP candidates should challenge Cain on his lack of fitness for candidacy
New York  CNN  -- The New York City Opera needs $ 7 million in fundraising by Monday or it could be closing its curtains for good . On top of that money , the opera company wants to raise an additional $ 13 million by the end of 2013 towards future seasons , according to a press release . "  If we do n't raise the  $ 7 million  by the end of Monday the board is going to begin the process of bankruptcy , " spokesperson Risa Heller told CNN on Friday . The company started a campaign to raise $ 1 million of that $ 7 million through an online fundraising site -- Kickstarter.com -- that will end September 30 . As of Friday the online campaign had raised only $ 202,223 donated from more than a thousand supporters . The organization raised $ 1.5 million outside of Kickstarter campaign , according to Heller . "  The odds have been against us for a long time , " George Steel , general manager & artistic director for the company , said in an online video , "  but in the face of that difficulty we have made tremendous progress . " The company , dubbed "  The People 's Opera " by former NYC Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia , was founded on the principle that every New Yorker should be able to afford to go to the opera , Steel said . Steel explains that in order for the company to break even , it would need to sell every ticket for $ 600 , but instead the starting ticket price is actually $ 25 to make it more affordable . The New York City Opera received critical praise in the past for its world premieres of work including Robert Ward 's "  The Crucible " and Anthony Davis ' "  The Life and Times of Malcolm X. " The company opened its current season on September 17 with the opera "  Anna Nicole , " and should it fail to raise the necessary funds by Monday , that could be the Company 's last production . "  We need the help of the people we were founded to serve to put on our season this year , " Steel said , speaking to New York residents and opera fans everywhere . "  We need you to come together and carry it forward into the future . I hope we can count on you . " This year marks the 70th anniversary of the New York City Opera , which opened in 1943 , making it the second opera house in NYC . The Metropolitan Opera was founded over 60 years earlier , in 1880 .	"  The People 's Opera " was founded on the idea that every New Yorker should have access For the company to break even , all tickets would have to cost $ 600 each Instead , the starting price is $ 25 "  We need the help of the people we were founded to serve , " says an opera official
The politics of health care is changing fast . President Barack Obama 's Affordable Health Care Act was vulnerable during his first term when Republicans demanded repeal of the law . Even after the Supreme Court upheld its constitutionality , there were still many voices who objected to it . However , with each passing day , it appears that the program is in good shape , slowly becoming part of the fabric of American government . Last week , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , one of the main potential contenders for the Republican presidential nomination in 2012 , said that his state would accept the Medicaid expansion that is part of the ACA . Christie had been one of the president 's toughest critics , frequently lambasting the program as a prime example of big government liberalism . But he has changed his tune . The expansion of Medicaid will allow about 104,000 of the poorest residents in New Jersey to gain access to health insurance . Christie said : "  Let me be clear : I am no fan of the Affordable Health Care Act . I think it is wrong for New Jersey and for America . I fought against it and believe , in the long run , it will not achieve what it promises . However , it is now the law of the land . I will make all my judgments as governor based on what is best for New Jerseyans . " Christie 's announcement comes on top of an even more dramatic reversal , that of Florida 's Gov. Rick Scott . The former health industry executive , who was elected to lead the Sunshine State in 2010 , has been one of the more conservative voices in the GOP . Scott , who once warned that "  Obamacare will result in the rationing of health care , significant tax increases , significant job losses and the inability of many Americans to keep their existing health insurance " also announced that Florida would accept the new Medicaid funds . "  When the federal government is committed to paying 100 % of the cost , " Scott said , "  I can not , in good conscience , deny Floridians that need access to health care . " Fewer Republicans are interested in fighting against the ACA any more . Not only is it a losing issue , but in the next few years , the benefits are going to start rolling in and more Americans will come to depend on the protections . The shift in position by two of the most prominent Republicans suggests that the political dynamics are shifting , as Obama 's supporters had always hoped . Republican officials now see powerful incentives for them to embrace the law rather than oppose it . The biggest watershed moment for the ACA came in June 2012 when the Supreme Court ruled that the health care legislation was constitutional . Like in 1937 , when the Supreme Court declared that the Social Security tax was constitutional , the court 's ruling on health care gave Obama 's program a legitimacy that undercut some of the thunder coming from the right . The Affordable Care Act became law of the land . Then the 2012 presidential election was an affirmation of popular support for Obama and the policies for which he fought . It 's not unusual for a big piece of legislation to elicit strong oppositions at first . With Social Security , the program experienced over a decade of uncertainty . A means tested program for the elderly proved much more popular during the 1940s , and Congress refused to raise Social Security taxes during World War II . But by the early 1950s , Social Security emerged as the primary means of helping the elderly . As more Americans were receiving their checks , fewer politicians in either party opposed the program . President Dwight Eisenhower concluded that the GOP had little choice but to accept the program . Republicans and Democrats , including Southern Democrats , voted to increase benefits every two years . By the 1980s , Social Security would be considered to be the "  third rail " in American politics -- touch the benefits and you die . Similarly , the Civil Rights Act of 1964 experienced strong reactions . The notion of prohibiting racial segregation was incredibly contentious . But once Congress passed it , Southern politicians , citizens and institutions quickly fell in line . In the 1970s and 1980s , issues such as affirmative action and school busing still riled up many , but de jure racial segregation was no longer considered acceptable by most . More recently , during President George W. Bush 's presidency , the new counterterrorism programs provoked heated debates . Democrats railed against the tough interrogation techniques used by the government to combat terrorism and highlighted institutions such as Guantanamo as symbols of what the nation was doing wrong . But Obama abandoned many of his plans to dismantle these programs . His nomination of John Brennan to head the CIA and the protection of key documents that allegedly support the assassination of American citizens reveal how much the tide has turned . Today , there is considerable evidence that the health care law is approaching that turning point . As Ezra Klein wrote in The Washington Post , "  so long as Obamacare is accepted as the law of the land , and repeal is dismissed by most Republicans as little more than a pleasant fantasy , then a constructive process can begin in which Republicans seize on problems with the law as an opportunity to reform the reforms -- and through that process , begin to buy into the new system . " There is still a lot of work that needs to be done , such as making sure that the health care exchanges work and that funding for the program remains adequate . The program 's success is not inevitable . But the recent change of heart from the darlings of the Republican Party is an indication the ACA is much further along to becoming one of the most important legacies of the Obama presidency .	Julian Zelizer : The politics of health care is changing fast Zelizer : President Obama 's Affordable Health Care Act is gaining more support He says two of the most prominent Republicans have switched to support the ACA Zelizer : The ACA is on its way to becoming an important legacy of the Obama presidency
It was joyful mayhem Friday night in the county clerk 's office in Salt Lake City , Utah , after a federal judge struck down the state 's ban on same-sex marriage , saying the law "  conflicts with the United States Constitution 's guarantees of equal protection and due process under the law . " "  I proposed to my partner of 27 years in June , but I said , ` We 're not going to get married until we can get married in Utah , " state Sen. Jim Dabakis , who is openly gay , told CNN . "  He said , ` So , that 's just an excuse never to get married . ' " Not so . As soon as the judge 's ruling was reported , "  We ran down here , " Dabakis said as he surveyed the crowd . "  It 's a madhouse down here . There 's hundreds of people , wedding certificates are being issued , there 's marriages taking place all over the hallways . Everybody 's embracing . It 's just a warm , wonderful moment in the state of Utah . " In striking down the state law , which voters had approved in 2004 , U.S. District Court Judge Robert J. Shelby wrote in a 53-page ruling that the state 's "  current laws deny its gay and lesbian citizens their fundamental right to marry and , in so doing , demean the dignity of these same-sex couples for no rational reason . "  Accordingly , the court finds that these laws are unconstitutional , " he said . Shelby said lawyers for the state had offered no evidence that opposite-sex marriage would be affected and that their "  fears and speculations are insufficient to justify the State 's refusal to dignify the family relationships of its gay and lesbian citizens . " In addition , the Constitution protects the rights of same-sex couples , including their right to marry and to have that marriage recognized by their government , he said . "  These rights would be meaningless if the Constitution did not also prevent the government from interfering with the intensely personal choices an individual makes when that person decides to make a solemn commitment to another human being . The Constitution therefore protects the choice of one 's partner for all citizens , regardless of their sexual identity . " The lawsuit was brought by one gay and two lesbian couples in Utah who wish to marry but have been unable to do so because the Utah Constitution prohibits same-sex marriage . The decision was greeted with joy from a spokesman for GLAAD , formerly the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation . "  At last , loving and committed couples in Utah will have the opportunity to celebrate marriage equality this holiday season , " said Wilson Cruz in a posting on its website . "  We are seeing state leaders and more and more citizens recognize that loving and committed couples should not be legally kept apart , " said Cruz . "  We look forward to seeing that momentum to continue in 2014 . " Gov. Gary R. Herbert expressed disappointment at the ruling by Shelby , whom he called "  an activist federal judge . " Herbert said he was working with his legal counsel and the acting attorney general "  to determine the best course to defend traditional marriage within the borders of Utah . " A spokesman for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints said in a statement that it supports "  traditional marriage , " while teaching that everyone should be treated with respect . "  This ruling by a district court will work its way through the judicial process , " Eric Hawkins said . "  We continue to believe that voters in Utah did the right thing by providing clear direction in the state Constitution that marriage should be between a man and a woman and we are hopeful that this view will be validated by a higher court . " The president of the National Organization for Marriage , Brian Brown , called the ruling "  a travesty of justice . " In a statement , he added , "  This trend of vetoing the voters from the bench must be stopped . " That view was not shared by Clifford Rosky , chairman of the board of Equality Utah . "  We think it is a thoughtful and careful ruling that is based on the Supreme Court decision last summer and we expect that it will be upheld ultimately by the United States Supreme Court , " he said . By early Friday evening , Rosky told CNN he had signed as a witness to multiple marriages among same-sex couples . Though the state has already filed a notice of appeal , the state 's lawyers did not file a motion for a stay in district court , which allowed the marriages to begin at once . "  Why they did n't ask the district court for a stay is a mystery , to say the least , " Rosky said . "  There are hundreds of people here -- it 's past 5 o'clock and the clerk is not closing the door . " Same-sex marriage is banned by constitutional amendment or state law in : Alabama , Alaska , Arizona , Arkansas , Colorado , Florida , Georgia , Idaho , Indiana , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Michigan , Mississippi , Missouri , Montana , Nebraska , Nevada , North Carolina , North Dakota , Ohio , Oklahoma , Oregon , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , South Dakota , Tennessee , Texas , Virginia , West Virginia , Wisconsin and Wyoming . But it is legal in 17 other U.S states and the District of Columbia : California , Connecticut , Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , Rhode Island , Vermont and Washington . Worldwide , 16 other countries  and parts of Mexico  have laws allowing same-sex marriage and domestic partnerships . Most of these are in Europe and South America . Civil unions , which are legal in Colorado , grant couples most of the rights of state civil marriages , but provide none of the federal benefits of marriage , such as Social Security benefits . These rights include spousal support , medical decision-making privileges , access to a partner 's insurance , and hospital visitation rights . Though the U.S. Supreme Court has signaled that it is reluctant to issue a national opinion on the matter , lower courts and states have not been so reluctant , said Carl Tobias , a professor of constitutional law at the University of Richmond . "  I 'm just struck by how quickly this is all moving , " he said . "  It just seems like it 's picking up steam in terms of challenges . " He attributed the change to a greater acceptance of gays and lesbians , especially among young people . "  They just do n't see this as a great moral issue that needs to be something codified as a prohibition in the law , " he said . "  Everybody knows gay people -- either in their families or friends or workplaces -- so what 's the big deal ? " President Bill Clinton signed the Defense of Marriage Act banning federal recognition of same-sex marriage and defining marriage as "  a legal union between one man and one woman as husband and wife " in 1996 . Last June , the U.S. Supreme Court rejected parts of DOMA , in a 5-4 decision that dismissed an appeal over same-sex marriage on jurisdictional grounds and ruled same-sex spouses legally married in a state may receive federal benefits . On Thursday , the New Mexico Supreme Court ruled unanimously to allow same-sex marriage statewide and ordered county clerks to begin issuing marriage licenses to qualified same-sex couples .	Ruling is "  a travesty of justice , " National Organization for Marriage president says Laws "  demean the dignity of these same-sex couples for no rational reason , " federal judge writes Lawsuits were brought by three same-sex couples who want to marry Decision strikes down a Utah law approved by voters in 2004
An Idaho man who fired an assault rifle at the White House and struck the residential wing in 2011 pleaded guilty on Wednesday to terrorism and weapons charges . Oscar Ramiro Ortega-Hernandez , 22 , of Idaho Falls , drove 2,000 miles to Washington to carry out the attack , the Justice Department said . On Nov. 11 , 2011 , shortly before 9 p.m. ET , he stopped his car in the middle of Constitution Avenue and fired at least eight shots from a Romanian Cugir semi-automatic , an AK-47 style rifle , through the open passenger window . He sped off but crashed nearby , managing to get away on foot and ultimately hopping aboard an empty car of a freight train . He was arrested in Indiana , Pennsylvania , five days later . No one was hurt in the incident . Read the complaint against Ramiro Ortega-Hernandez Ortega-Hernandez faces a minimum of 10 years in prison , and a possible maximum of just over 27 years under sentencing guidelines . He admitted that the attack was an act of terrorism . "  Firing an assault rifle at the White House to make a political statement is terrorism , plain and simple , " U.S. Attorney Ron Machen said in a statement that also made reference to this week 's Washington Navy Yard shooting . "  As we have seen this week , gunmen who come to the nation 's capital bent on violence can inflict terrible damage , " Machen said . According to the FBI , Ortega-Hernandez 's friends reported that he made anti-government statements beginning in 2010 . He believed that the federal government was trying to control Americans through GPS , fluoride and aspartame . He was also angry at what he believed was U.S. bullying of other countries , including in the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , and claimed that the president was the "  anti-Christ " and told friends he was "  on a mission from God to take out Obama . " He bought the assault rifle from a private seller the previous March for $ 550 , and later bought more than 1,200 rounds of ammunition and a scope , federal authorities said . He practiced shooting on federal land near Idaho Falls . According to the FBI , Ortega-Hernandez made two short videos on October 23 , 2011 , praising Osama bin Laden for having the courage to stand up to the United States , and called for a revolution against the federal government . In the videos , Ortega-Hernandez described himself as a "  cold-hearted warrior of God " and declared , "  it 's time for Armageddon . " After the shooting , FBI and Secret Service agents found eight locations where the bullets struck the White House , including a window sill of the Truman balcony on the south side of the mansion .	Idaho man fired assault weapon at the White House in 2011 , striking the residence ; no one hurt Oscar Ramiro Ortega-Hernandez had praised Osama bin Laden , admitted it was act of terror According to FBI , Ortega-Hernandez said in video "  it 's time for Armageddon " Prosecutor says "  as we 've seen this week " these kinds of attacks can inflict terrible damage
Ready for Tina Fey and Amy Poehler to kill it once again as co-hosts of the Golden Globes ? We are , too . But before we get there , there 's a little something called the nominations that we should get out of the way . On Thursday morning , Kate Beckinsale , Peter Krause , Paula Patton and Jeremy Piven announced the nominees for the 72nd Golden Globe Awards . Here 's a look at who 's in the running : Movies Best motion picture -- drama "  Boyhood " "  Foxcatcher " "  The Imitation Game " "  Selma " "  The Theory of Everything " Best motion picture -- musical or comedy "  Birdman " "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " "  Into the Woods " "  Pride " "  St. Vincent " Best actress in a motion picture -- drama Jennifer Aniston , "  Cake "  Felicity Jones , "  The Theory of Everything "  Julianne Moore , "  Still Alice "  Rosamund Pike , "  Gone Girl "  Reese Witherspoon , "  Wild " Best actor in a motion picture -- drama Steve Carell , "  Foxcatcher "  Benedict Cumberbatch , "  The Imitation Game "  David Oyelowo , "  Selma " Eddie Redmayne , "  The Theory of Everything " Jake Gyllenhaal , "  Nightcrawler " Best actor in a motion picture -- musical or comedy Ralph Fiennes , "  The Grand Budapest Hotel "  Michael Keaton , "  Birdman " Bill Murray , "  St. Vincent "  Joaquin Phoenix , "  Inherent Vice "  Christoph Waltz , "  Big Eyes " Best actress in a motion picture -- musical or comedy Amy Adams , "  Big Eyes " Emily Blunt , "  Into the Woods " Helen Mirren , "  The Hundred-Foot Journey " Julianne Moore , "  Maps to the Stars " Quvenzhane Wallis , "  Annie " Best supporting actor in a motion picture Robert Duvall , "  The Judge "  Ethan Hawke , "  Boyhood "  Edward Norton , "  Birdman "  Mark Ruffalo , "  Foxcatcher "  J.K. Simmons , "  Whiplash " Best supporting actress in a motion picture Patricia Arquette , "  Boyhood "  Jessica Chastain , "  A Most Violent Year "  Emma Stone , "  Birdman " Meryl Streep , "  Into the Woods " Keira Knightley , "  The Imitation Game " Best animated feature film "  Big Hero 6 " "  The Book of Life " "  The Boxtrolls " "  How to Train Your Dragon 2 " "  The Lego Movie " Best director Wes Anderson , "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " Ava DuVernay , "  Selma " David Fincher , "  Gone Girl "  Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu , "  Birdman "  Richard Linklater , "  Boyhood " Best screenplay Wes Anderson , "  The Grand Budapest Hotel "  Gillian Flynn , "  Gone Girl " Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu , "  Birdman "  Richard Linklater , "  Boyhood "  Graham Moore , "  The Imitation Game " Best original score Alexandre Desplat , "  The Imitation Game "  Johann Johannsson , "  The Theory of Everything "  Trent Reznor , Atticus Ross , "  Gone Girl "  Antonio Sanchez , "  Birdman "  Hans Zimmer , "  Interstellar " Best original song "  Big Eyes , " from "  Big Eyes " "  Glory , " from "  Selma " "  Mercy Is , " from "  Noah " "  Opportunity , " from "  Annie " "  Yellow Flicker Beat , " from "  The Hunger Games : Mockingjay -- Part I " Best foreign language film "  Force Majeure Turist "  Sweden  "  Gett : The Trial of Viviane Amsalem Gett "  Israel  "  Ida "  Poland/Denmark  "  Leviathan "  Russia  "  Tangerines Mandariinid "  Estonia TV Best TV series -- drama "  The Affair " "  Downton Abbey " "  Game of Thrones " "  The Good Wife " "  House of Cards " Best actor in a TV series -- drama Clive Owen , "  The Knick "  Liev Schreiber , "  Ray Donovan " Kevin Spacey , "  House of Cards "  James Spader , "  The Blacklist "  Dominic West , "  The Affair " Best actress in a TV series -- drama Claire Danes , "  Homeland "  Viola Davis , "  How to Get Away With Murder "  Julianna Margulies , "  The Good Wife "  Ruth Wilson , "  The Affair "  Robin Wright , "  House of Cards " Best TV series -- comedy "  Girls " "  Jane the Virgin " "  Orange is the New Black " "  Silicon Valley " "  Transparent " Best actor in a TV series -- comedy Louis C.K. , "  Louie "  Don Cheadle , "  House of Lies "  Ricky Gervais , "  Derek "  William H. Macy , "  Shameless "  Jeffrey Tambor , "  Transparent " Best actress in a TV series -- comedy Lena Dunham , "  Girls "  Edie Falco , "  Nurse Jackie "  Julia Louis-Dreyfus , "  Veep "  Gina Rodriguez , "  Jane the Virgin " Taylor Schilling , "  Orange is the New Black " Best TV movie or mini-series "  Fargo " "  The Missing " "  The Normal Heart " "  Olive Kitteridge " "  True Detective " Best actor in a mini-series or TV movie Martin Freeman , "  Fargo "  Woody Harrelson , "  True Detective "  Matthew McConaughey , "  True Detective "  Mark Ruffalo , "  The Normal Heart "  Billy Bob Thornton , "  Fargo " Best actress in a mini-series or TV movie Maggie Gyllenhaal , "  The Honorable Woman "  Jessica Lange , "  American Horror Story : Freak Show " Frances McDormand , "  Olive Kitteridge " Frances O'Connor , "  The Missing "  Allison Tolman , "  Fargo " Best supporting actor in a series , mini-series or TV movie Matt Bomer , "  The Normal Heart "  Alan Cumming , "  The Good Wife "  Colin Hanks , "  Fargo " Bill Murray , "  Olive Kitteridge "  Jon Voight , "  Ray Donovan " Best supporting actress in a series , mini-series or TV movie Uzo Aduba , "  Orange is the New Black "  Kathy Bates , "  American Horror Story : Freak Show "  Allison Janney , "  Mom "  Michelle Monaghan , "  True Detective " Joanne Froggatt , "  Downton Abbey " The Golden Globes will air live on NBC at 8 p.m. ET on January 11 .	Nominees for the 72nd Golden Globe Awards were announced Thursday The ceremony will air January 11 Tina Fey and Amy Poehler will co-host again
CNN  -- The man once known as Canada 's "  prince of pot " is now a federal inmate in the U.S. system after a judge in Washington sentenced him Friday to five years in prison . Marijuana activist Marc Emery pleaded guilty in May in U.S. District Court in Seattle , Washington , to a single count of conspiracy to manufacture marijuana after an 18-month investigation into the seed-selling business Emery operated from his head shop in Vancouver , British Columbia . By imposing the five-year sentence , which includes four years of supervised probation , U.S. District Judge Ricardo S. Martinez honored a plea deal that Emery , 52 , entered into with U.S. authorities to avoid a lengthier sentence . "  There is no question your actions were illegal and criminal and your actions ensured that others broke the law and suffered the consequences , " the judge told Emery during the hearing . Dozens of Emery 's supporters gathered outside Seattle 's federal courthouse to protest the sentence , which marks the end of a five-year legal battle against a man once described by U.S. authorities as one of its most wanted international drug trafficking targets -- and the only one from Canada . Emery is the founder of the British Columbia Marijuana Party and the website CannabisCulture.com . His status in Canada as a tireless advocate for marijuana legalization has been cemented through years of sit-ins , demonstrations and runs for political office . By his own account , he has been arrested at least a dozen times since 1995 related to his activism , and Vancouver police have raided his shop several times since it opened in 1994 . In his plea agreement , Emery admitted to operating a marijuana seed selling business with two co-defendants , who entered pleas this year to lesser offenses and were placed on probation in Canada . He also admitted to selling seeds to customers in the United States through mail and telephone orders and in his Vancouver retail store . "  Marc Emery decided that U.S. laws did not apply to him , but he was wrong , " said U.S. Attorney Jenny A. Durkan in a statement Friday . "  Emery put his personal profits above the law . He made millions of dollars by shipping millions of seeds into the U.S. . He sold to anyone who would pay him -- with no regard for the age or criminal activities of his customers . Now , Emery is paying the price for being part of the illegal drug trade that damages lives , homes and the environment . " But Emery and his supporters worldwide have maintained from the start that his prosecution was politically motivated , citing a 2005 DEA press release touting his arrest as a "  significant blow " to the marijuana legalization movement . "  Hundreds of thousands of dollars of Emery 's illicit profits are known to have been channeled to marijuana legalization groups active in the United States and Canada . Drug legalization lobbyists have one less pot of money to rely on , " former DEA Administrator Karen Tandy said in the July 2005 statement , which can no longer be found on the DEA 's website . iReport : Emery 's wife speaks Emery 's lawyer reminded the judge of the press release in his presentencing memorandum , claiming there are other seed selling businesses in Canada that the U.S. government chose not to go after . "  The only thing that makes Mr. Emery unique or different from most of these other seed sellers is that Marc donated his proceeds to help fund lawful marijuana legalization efforts throughout the United States and Canada . On this record , no one can  or should  take the government seriously when it claims that this case was not politically motivated , " Richard Troberman wrote . But the U.S. Attorney 's Office said that Emery 's personal politics had nothing to do with his prosecution . "  Through the years , and in various contexts , Marc Emery has meant different things to many people . But in the context of this federal criminal prosecution , Emery stands before the court as many others have before him -- as an admitted drug dealer who has entered a plea of guilty to a large scale marijuana trafficking conspiracy , " the U.S. attorney 's office wrote in its presentencing memo . "  The government 's case was investigated and prosecuted without regard for Emery 's personal politics , his political agenda or the ways in which he chose to spend the proceeds of his drug crimes . " With Emery in prison , his wife , Jodie , has become the face behind their cause , which has not fallen dormant in his absence . Rallies to support Emery and the legalization movement will be held in more than 70 cities across the globe on September 18 , she said . "  It 's going to be a long , difficult road ahead , but we 'll be able to make it with all the support we have , " she said . Emery also remains firm in his beliefs , though in a letter to the court , he admitted his means may have been self-defeating . "  It was my sincere belief that the prohibitions on cannabis are hurtful to U.S. and Canadian citizens and are contrary to the U.S. and Canadian constitutions . I was , however , overzealous and reckless in pursuing this belief , and acted arrogantly in violation of U.S. federal law . I regret not choosing other methods -- legal ones -- to achieve my goals of peaceful political reform . "	Marijuana activist Marc Emery sentenced for selling marijuana seeds to U.S. customers In plea deal with federal prosecutors , Emery admitted to operating seed-selling business Emery 's lawyer , supporters , claim his prosecution was politically motivated "  I regret not choosing other methods -- legal ones -- to achieve my goals , " Emery says
DOUGLASVILLE , Georgia  CNN  -- Like many young girls , Jennifer Marnell always dreamed that one day she 'd become famous . Jennifer Marnell once maxed out at 300 pounds . She lost 180 pounds and is now a fitness instructor . Bubbling with personality and quite the ham -- she was no stranger to performing . Marnell loved singing , dancing and acting in local plays while growing up on the outskirts of Atlanta , Georgia . Even though her family showered her with adoration and unconditional support -- Marnell was hiding something that she was afraid to share with anyone . Since the age of 8 , she struggled with her weight . "  I was the only one in the whole family who was overweight , " Marnell recalled . " -LSB- They -RSB- were always supportive and told me I was beautiful ... I did n't realize how depressed I was because my family loved me no matter what . " But other people were n't so nice . Marnell says classmates and other people teased or ridiculed her about her weight . Instead of talking about her feelings -- she turned to food for comfort . As she ate to soothe her pain -- Marnell 's weight spiraled out of control . Watch more on Jennifer Marnell 's journey " "  It got out of control over the years because it became an addiction , " said Marnell . "  Food did n't talk back to me and did n't tell me no ... I did n't know how to stop and listen to my body . " Working as a nanny at the age of 27 , Marnell was 5-foot-tall and weighed 300 pounds . The wife and mother says a series of embarrassing moments such as not fitting into a restaurant booth , running out of breath while walking and lacking the energy to play ball or skate with her daughter -- took an emotional and physical toll on her health . But the final straw came during a trip to an amusement park with her family . "  We were at Six Flags waiting on a ride and we waited for an hour-and-a-half , " said Marnell . "  When we got on , I could n't latch the belts because I was too big and they had to ask me to get off . " Devastated by the incident , Marnell says she broke down in tears and had a heart-to-heart talk with herself . Afraid that she might die before the age of 30 , she was tired of being a "  fat mom " and wanted to set a good example for her daughter . After the mental pep-talk , Marnell started her weight loss journey by joining a gym . She started by exercising in the women 's - only section and ate a low-fat , low-calorie diet . After a few months , she 'd lost 50 pounds . The weight loss boosted her confidence and she decided to try a water aerobics class which was a lot less stressful on her bones and joints . Over the next two years , Marnell continued taking group fitness classes , hired a personal trainer to get past a plateau and eventually lost 180 pounds . CNN I-Reporters share weight loss photos " After reaching her goal weight of 120 pounds , she decided to start a new career as a fitness instructor and provides personal training advice on her Web site http://www.fitbyjen.com/ . One of the most important lessons she 's conquered is emotional eating . "  You 've got to learn to talk through your problems instead of using food , " Marnell says . "  An alcoholic ca n't just have one drink . I will never eat a Snickers bar because that is my one weakness ... the one thing I wo n't have . " The weight loss has also helped her realize another dream -- being in the limelight . In January , she was featured on the "  Oprah Winfrey Show " and in People Magazine 's "  Half Their Size " issue and will appear on the game show "  Do n't Forget the Lyrics " with Wayne Brady . She 's also touring the country as a spokesperson for Gold 's Gym and has just inked a book deal to tell her weight-loss story . Marnell says all of the recent attention has been a bit overwhelming but she 's enjoying every minute of her new career and life . "  It 's made life more exciting , " said Marnell . "  I still feel like the same person on the inside , I have the same heart . But the outside , it 's just enhanced the inside even more . " What advice does she have for other people who want to lose weight ? The toughest part of losing weight , according to Marnell , is staying mentally focused . She recommends taking "  baby steps , " trying not to do everything at once or focus on how much you have to lose and joining an online support group . "  Learn to accept yourself for who you are , " Marnell advises . "  It can be done ... it 's not going to be easy -- but it can be done . " iReport.com : Have you lost weight ? Send your story , photos and video E-mail to a friend	Jennifer Marnell struggled with weight , emotional overeating most of her life By the age of 27 , she maxed out at her heaviest weight of 300 pounds Marnell lost 180 pounds through exercise and a low-fat , low-calorie diet She 's now a fitness instructor and plans to write a book to inspire others
WIRED  -- Six buses , 40 teams , 48 hours and one winning business idea : The StartupBus is as close to blood sport as Silicon Valley entrepreneurship gets . Part road trip , part code jam , the annual competition plunges participants , known as "  buspreneurs , " into two days of frantic business development on the open road to the South by Southwest conference in Austin , Texas . Once the geeks climb aboard the StartupBus , the clock begins ticking . "  Everyone needs to bring their absolute A-game for 48 hours straight , " says Jonas Huckestein , one of the winners who emerged from last year 's inaugural StartupBus contest . "  This can potentially bring about incredible performance . Much like a man may be able to run much faster and fight much stronger when in mortal danger . " Most startups headed for SXSW have developed their ideas for months if not years . They arrive with high hopes of becoming the next Twitter or Foursquare , both of which took off during Austin 's annual gathering of the geek elite . By compressing the time from concept to prototype , the StartupBus becomes a pedal-to-the-metal business incubator , a rolling microcosm of what participants will encounter when they hit SXSW 's packed panels and parties , March 11 to 20 . In fact , the StartupBus itself could be considered a meta startup : Organizers this year are developing an online game , the StartupBus Stock Exchange , in which players become virtual angel investors and invest in the companies as they 're built on the buses . Players can upgrade their firms and win badges for accomplishments , all while real-world actions by the startup teams affect their standing . From San Francisco to Austin This year 's race began at 8 a.m. Tuesday , with two buses leaving from San Francisco 's SOMA neighborhood and headed toward Texas . Teams now have two sleepless days , undoubtedly punctuated by rushed roadside meals and bouts of car sickness , to create the best startup prototype they can . WIRED : SXSW geeks defend their Foursquare turf When the buses arrive in Austin , development stops . After the mental and physical brutality , teams present their hurried masterpieces to a panel of expert judges during the interactive portion of this year 's SXSW festival . Because of the networking opportunities , the publicity from last year 's contest and the sheer challenge of the undertaking , StartupBus founder Elias Bizannes was flooded with applications this year from prospective buspreneurs . In 2010 , 50 people applied and 25 were selected . This year , 1,200 expressed interest when the StartupBus site launched , 300 were invited to apply , and 160 are actually going . But the numbers are only one way the project has grown . "  We 've had better applicants with more impressive pitches than the ones we 've seen in the job openings at the places we work , " says Bizannes , who is a financial manager at search engine Vast.com and a scout for the AngelList group of investors . Two teams won last year : DormDorm , a startup designed to rent colleges ' vacant dorm rooms to travelers during the summer , and DateBrowsr , a Hot or Not for dating profiles the service pulled from several sites . Neither actually became real businesses , but many people involved in the StartupBus ' virgin voyage claim the experience was integral to both their personal and professional development , whether from skills learned or from connections made . Mick Johnson from the DormDorm team was accepted into startup funding firm Y Combinator and launched Whereoscope , which tracks family members by their cellphones . WIRED : SXSW keeps Austin weird , wired and wild "  I 've made at least a few very close friends in the experience , " says Huckestein , now one of this year 's San Francisco bus conductors , who does double duty as an IT worker during the beat-the-clock coding marathon . "  I believe this is largely due to the incredible constraints . " Over the last year , the competition has grown from one bus to six . Buses also left Tuesday morning from New York , Cleveland , Miami and Chicago , amid send-off party hangovers .  Yes , even nerds love beer . The San Francisco teams drained a keg of Spaten Monday night at the offices of startup networking site YouNoodle . The meet-and-greet gave the buspreneurs a chance to sniff out potential teammates and competitors . And to exchange quips . "  You look like an Android user , " said Volly founder and CEO Max Mullen to Ghost Nest founder Reid Evans , who is , in fact , an iPhone user . For an actual athletic competition , drinking the night before might be bad form . But beer is an integral part of the startup lifestyle . It takes the edge off the pressure . When the buses arrive in Austin , the buspreneuers will be rewarded with a tour of the local tech culture during the Startup Crawl , which promises "  hot tech -LSB- and -RSB- cold beer . " The exact prizes for this year 's StartupBus competition are still being decided  iPads and incubator access have been mentioned  , but perhaps the most important rewards for participants are the networking opportunities and the potential for publicity . WIRED : SXSW is a band 's social network like no other Several documentary filmmakers are capturing the event and CNN , CNET and All Things Digital have reporters on board some buses . See some of this year 's StartupBus participants in the gallery above , and stay tuned for updates from the road , as Wired.com reports every glitch , bathroom stench and late-night code dump on this perilous journey into the dot-com cosmos . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	40 teams on six buses compete for 48 hours for one winning business idea Result is two days of frantic business development on road to SXSW conference Past participants say experience has been integral to personal and professional development
CNN  -- A Spanish court on Tuesday approved the extradition of former Guatemalan Interior Minister Carlos Vielmann to his homeland to face 10 murder charges stemming from incidents at two prisons there . Vielmann , who holds dual Guatemalan and Spanish citizenship , has the option to appeal the ruling . The final decision on extradition lies with the Spanish government . What the court found Tuesday was that the Guatemalan request for extradition to face murder charges was approved under an extradition treaty between the two countries . In addition to the murder charges , the Guatemalan government cited charges of illicit association and extrajudicial killings as reasons for extradition , but the Spanish court found that those charges were not covered by the treaty . Vielmann faces charges in both Spain and Guatemala stemming from the same incident , a 2006 uprising at the El Pavon prison in Guatemala where seven inmates were killed . The Interior Ministry and police said at the time that the prisoners were killed during a violent confrontation with prison authorities . However , a report by the Guatemalan Human Rights Ombudsman 's Office concluded the prisoners had been executed . Vielmann is wanted in Guatemala in connection with the seven killings . He also has been accused of ordering the killings of three inmates who escaped from El Infiernito prison in 2005 . He was arrested in Spain in October 2010 , and has been on provisional release since November . CNN 's Al Goodman contributed to this report .	Carlos Vielmann faces murder charges in Guatemala A court on Tuesday approved the extradition Vielmann has the option to appeal , and the government has the final say
CNN  -- Russia 's Prime Minister Vladimir Putin held talks with Chinese counterpart Wen Jiabao in Beijing Tuesday , as the two countries agreed to bilateral economic and trade deals worth $ 4 billion , Chinese state media reported . Wen hosted a welcome ceremony for Putin at the Great Hall of the People at the start of a three-day visit , before their private talks and a larger session involving ministers from both sides , Xinhua said . "  Russia and China have become genuine and comprehensive strategic and cooperative partners in recent years , " Putin was quoted by Xinhua as saying . Bilateral relations have become stable and mature since the forging of diplomatic ties 60 years ago and particularly the establishment of the Russia-China strategic cooperative partnership in 1996 , Wen told reporters . Russian Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Zhukov said the deals included two $ 500-million-dollar banking deals -- one involving Russia 's Vnesheconombank  VEB  and the China Development Bank and the other between Russia 's VTB bank and the Agricultural Bank of China , Agence France-Presse reported . Chinese and Russian negotiators also met Tuesday "  to exchange views on China-Russia energy cooperation , " according to a Chinese foreign ministry statement . In April , the two countries signed agreements on oil cooperation , while a memorandum of understanding on natural gas cooperation in followed in June . But negotiations over the pricing of the gas have reportedly remained a major obstacle to a final deal , AFP said . However , Chinese Vice Premier Wang Qishan , who met with Zhukov at a joint economic forum earlier Tuesday , told reporters that the China-Russia oil pipeline project was going smoothly and the loan China pledged to Russia had been implemented , Xinhua said . The construction on the China section of an oil pipeline from Siberia started in May . The 1,030-kilometer  640-mile  pipeline runs from Skovorodino , Russia , to the city of Daqing in northeastern China . It is expected to go into operation by the end of 2010 and carry 15 million tons of crude oil annually from Russia to China from 2011 to 2030 , Xinhua added .	China 's premier Wen Jiabao meets Vladimir Putin in Beijing The two leaders agree multi-billion dollar trade , cooperation deals Two sides also negotiating over energy cooperation Work started in May on oil pipeline supplying China from Russia
CNN  -- The finish line is almost here . Americans have weighed a plethora of questions in choosing their presidential candidate . But amid the quadrennial explosion of political ads , bumper stickers and debates , some questions still baffle : Why is the Republican mascot an elephant ? Why are Democrats linked to the color blue ? And what happens if the candidates tie ? Below , a voter 's guide to such perpetually confounding riddles : Q . Why are presidential elections always in November , and always on Tuesdays ? It all comes down to weather , harvests and worship . Back when voters traveled to the polls by horse , Tuesday was an ideal day because it allows people to worship on Sunday , ride to their county seat on Monday and vote on Tuesday - all before market day , Wednesday . And the month of November fit nicely between harvest time and brutal winter weather -- which can be especially bad when you 're trudging along by horse and buggy . Politics : Plenty of ballot initiatives But since many voters now travel by horsepower instead of live horses , some people -- like the group Why Tuesday ? -- are pushing to move election day to a weekend day to increase the country 's historically dismal voter turnout . According to the group , 15 states do not allow early voting , and 27 % of non-voters said the main reason why they did n't vote was because they were too busy or could n't get time off to vote . Q . Why do Republicans have an elephant and Democrats have a donkey ? Back in 1874 , cartoonist Thomas Nast used an elephant to depict the Republican vote in his drawing "  The Third-Term Panic . " The cartoon was published in Harper 's Weekly after the owner of the New York Herald reportedly criticized the notion of Republican President Ulysses S. Grant running for a third term .  Grant did n't end up running in the next election  . In the drawing , an "  ass " -- depicting the New York Herald -- scares away other animals in a forest as the elephant -- or the Republican vote -- looks like it 's about to stumble into a pit . But that cartoon is n't where where the Democratic donkey came from . In 1828 , Democrat Andrew Jackson 's critics called him a "  jackass " because of his populist views and his slogan , "  Let the people rule . " Jackson decided to run with it -- even using images of a donkey in his campaign ads . Later , Nast also used a donkey to depict the Democratic party . Q . Why are Democratic states "  blue , " and why are Republican states "  red " ? There 's nothing magical about this color scheme . Essentially , the media made it up . Find your ballot , polling place Sure , there are logical reasons to use red and blue -- both are colors in the American flag , and they look sharp on infographics because they 're pretty much on opposite ends of the color spectrum . But the seemingly arbitrary color assignments have actually flip-flopped over the years . In 1980 , states won by Republican Ronald Reagan were colored blue ; Democrat Jimmy Carter 's states were colored red . Even as late as 1996 , major media outlets were divided on how to color-code the parties . But in 2000 , when Americans were subjected to weeks of news about recounts , pregnant chads and electoral infographics , everyone seemed to get on the same page and shaded Republican-leaning states red and Democratic-leaning states blue . Q . What happens if candidates tie in electoral votes ? It 's possible that Barack Obama and Mitt Romney snag the exact same number of electoral votes . In that case , the 12th Amendment says the House of Representatives gets to pick the president . And since analysts expect Republicans to maintain control of the House , Romney would likely win the presidency . Pick your electoral map In the same scenario , the Senate would get to choose the vice president . And because Democrats are expected to keep control of that chamber , senators could select incumbent Vice President Joe Biden to form a split administration . Politics : Could close race produce a popular/electoral vote split ? Q . Why do presidents have to wait all the way until January 20 to assume office ? It used to be a lot longer . Until 1937 , presidents did n't get sworn in until March 4 because it took so long to count and report ballots , and because of the winner 's logistical issues in moving to the capital . But then better technology kicked in , and the 20th Amendment moved presidential inaugurations to noon on January 20 -- allowing presidents to start taking care of business sooner .	The Democratic donkey and the Republican elephant started with negative connotations Some people are campaigning to move Election Day from Tuesday to a weekend day If Romney and Obama tie , the U.S. could get a Republican president and a Democratic VP The color assignments for Republicans and Democrats have flip-flopped over the years
Sochi , Russia  CNN  -- Olympiads often come with their fair share of controversy , and the Russian city of Sochi -- the host for the 22nd Winter Games -- drew more than its fair share . But aside from the security concerns that may now seem over anxious , accommodation complaints made in main by attending media , warm weather that failed to melt the venue 's snow , and domestic laws that arguably ran contrary to the Olympic spirit , the sporting occasion that unfolded was worthy of much celebration . From a spectator point of view the new venues -- whether at the temperate coast or in the crisp mountain zone -- provided fantastic stages for the world 's finest winter sports athletes to compete for the glory of becoming champion . Just under 3,000 competitors from 88 nations vied over 17 days in 98 events , providing moments of drama and destiny that captured the imagination and settled in the collective memory . Below are my 10 highlights from the Games . Have your say in the comments box at the bottom : 1 . Canada 's hockey haul : In a poll carried out on the CNN live blog , 42 % of you voted for this as your favorite sporting moment of Sochi 2014 , and there will be no argument against such wisdom here . Facing a two-goal deficit against their neighborly rivals the United States , and with just four minutes left of the third period , Canada refused to accept defeat . Brianne Jenner got her team back into the game before Marie-Philip Poulin sensationally equalized . An enthralling overtime then saw Poulin strike again in a power play to seal a 3-2 victory . It was an epic comeback to win gold , but it did n't end there . Just three days later the men 's side -- after inflicting their own defeat on the U.S. in the semifinals -- crushed an out-classed Sweden 3-0 to defend the title they won in Vancouver . Canada 's men have now topped the podium in three of the past four Olympics  2002 , 2010 , 2014  , which by anyone 's standards is a great achievement . 2 . Dutch dominance : The Adler Arena is a world-class facility worthy of hosting the best long-track speed skaters from across the planet , but the thoughtful designers suffered from a key oversight : If the winners ' podium had been located more closely to the Dutch team area it would have saved a lot of bother . So dominant were the orange-clad gliders that even if every other nation had formed one team , the Netherlands would still have nearly doubled their medal tally . What started with an opening-day clean sweep in the men 's 5,000 meters was bookended by victory in the men 's team pursuit , as the team set an Olympic record in the last race of the Games . The Dutch haul included eight golds , seven silvers and eight bronzes , accounting for 23 of the 30 individual medals up for grabs . Truly staggering . 3 . An the victor : Russia hoped they 'd picked up an ace card when South Korean short-track skater Ahn Hyun-soo , a three-time gold medal winner from the Turin Games , gained his citizenship in 2011 . Discarded by the nation of his birth for being too old and injury prone , he promptly changed his name to Victor An and plotted revenge . In a remarkable run in Sochi , An drew cheers from his adopted nation and boos from Koreans by winning the men 's 500m , 1,000 m and the 5,000 m relay too . He also picked up a bronze in the 1,500 m event . In doing so , An took his career gold tally to six , became Russia 's first short-track champion at 1,000 m and also is the first person to win gold in all four short-track events in Winter Olympics history . We can only wonder what the South Korean team thought of that . 4 . Superpower showdown : OK , so we have two hockey submissions to the list but this game was surely worth it . The former Cold War rivals , 34 years after the "  Miracle on Ice , " met again in the Bolshoy Ice Dome and tested the resolve of the new roof by creating an exhilarating atmosphere with this Olympic classic . The home crowd was vociferous , partisan and passionate ; especially when their side took the lead in the second . But the U.S. fought back off the ropes to equalize on the counter and then took the lead shortly after . All seemed lost to many anxious fans until Pavel Datsyuk draw Russia level . This is when the real drama started . Fedor Tyutin thought he 'd won it for his side before his goal was ruled out to America 's relief . The game then went to overtime followed by a nail-biting , finger-chewing and hand-swallowing sudden-death shootout in which T.J. Oshie scored four goals from six attempts to secure the U.S. victory . In truth , neither side played as well again . 5 . Bjoergen the Great : Norway 's Marit Bjoergen told reporters in Sochi that , at the age of 33 , the time may be right for her to turn her attention away from the 2018 Winter Games and towards having a family instead . Bad news for Norway but a godsend for any ambitious cross-country skier out there , because Bjoergen 's grip on the top prizes of the discipline has been so tight there 's been little room for anyone else . A triple-gold medal winner in Vancouver , Bjoergen took the top prize in the 30 km mass start , the 15 km skiathlon and the team sprint classic here in Sochi to cement her place as the most decorated female in Winter Olympics history . Arguably , the sweetest of her 10 career medals came in what could be her last event at the Games , when she topped the podium in the first Norwegian clean sweep of the grueling 30 km race since 1992 . 6 . Biathlon 's best : Norway had good "  legendary " representation in its men 's team too , in the form of 40-year-old Ole Einar Bjoerndalen . It 's 21 years since Bjoerndalen made his World Cup debut , but in Sochi he showed that age is no barrier to elite competition by winning the biathlon men 's sprint and mixed relay too . The new trinkets pushed his career tally to eight golds from a record 13 medals overall and made him the oldest gold medalist in Olympic history . The man -- who became the first biathlete to win four gold medals at a single Games in 2002 -- told reporters : "  These victories have been a four-year job and it has been many years since I won  an individual gold medal  , but life is too short to give up . " The Olympic spirit personified . 7 . Dance destiny : In a tale of ice skating rivalry that stretches over two Olympiads , the partnership of Meryl Davis and Charlie White gave America something to smile about despite those humbling hockey moments . They delivered the United States ' first ice-dance gold as well as beating Canadians Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir -- the Vancouver champions -- into second place . It was a sweet moment for the two , who train with their opponents in Detroit , and saw a reverse of the result that gave them silver four years ago . But it was their near-flawless performance of the short program , which earned them a world-record score of 78.89 , that captured the imagination . Their masterclass in synchronized fluidity delivered them an overall score of 195.52 to finish 4.53 ahead of Virtue and Moir . Davis said it was the result of "  17 years ' hard work " -- plus a little help from their Russian coach Marina Zoueva , who also works with Virtue and Moir . 8 . Star rises in Sochi : Olympic Games are often marked by the rising of new talent , and the 2014 edition that took place at the Black Sea resort were no different . Yulia Lipnitskaya -- a 15-year-old Russian figure skater -- had the crowds in Sochi giving standing ovations such was the brilliance of her audacious performances on ice . In the women 's team competition she dazzled with her poetic , gyroscopic movement and became Russia 's youngest champion ever . A fall in the individual competition allowed the gold to go to her compatriot Adelina Sotnikova , but her place in the hearts of so many had already been cemented . Who knows what she can achieve in the years to come . 9 . A shared gold Slovenia 's pop-star skier Tina Maze had a Games to remember . She skied fantastically through slushy snow and difficult conditions to top the podium in the giant slalom , an event she led from start to finish and won from Anna Fenninger of Austria by just 0.07 seconds . But it 's her performance in the downhill that will probably live longer in the memory after she made Games history , along with Dominique Gisin , when the pair registered identical times despite taking different paths down the slope . It was the first time a gold medal had been shared in the event 's 78-year history . In winning , Maze also became the first woman since Marie-Theres Nadig of Switzerland in 1972 to be champion in both downhill disciplines . 10 . Marriage delivers medals : In a tale that will please romantics around the world , U.S.-born Vic Wild and his Russian wife Alena Zavarzina showed that love can help deliver medals as well as happiness . After struggling with financial support at home , snowboarder Wild became a Russian citizen in 2011 after his wedding and was determined to give a return to the show of faith from his adopted country . In a nice twist of fate he took gold in the parallel giant slalom minutes after his wife had captured bronze in the women 's event . The win , followed by his success in the parallel slalom , meant he became the first snowboarder to win two golds in one Games .	Controversy aside , Sochi delivered a sporting occasion worthy of celebration 88 nations vied over 17 days for medals of bronze , silver and gold 98 events delivered moments of drama and destiny that captured imagination
CNN  -- This is a story about two brothers . They grew up in eastern Washington , joined the Marines and fought in Iraq and Afghanistan after the terrorist attacks of September 11 . The brothers served valiantly , in the name of American freedom , to defend liberty and democracy abroad . They saw battle and bloodshed , bore witness to the loss of life and faced the unforgettable and haunting realities of war . The brothers returned to America emotionally shattered , psychologically distraught and forever changed . And the Department of Veterans Affairs failed to treat them . Years later , like many of their comrades , these brothers , whose names we are keeping private , suffer from severe post-traumatic stress , anxiety , depression , physical disabilities and memory loss . One lives with severe head injuries because of the bombs that went off beside him in Fallujah . The other was afraid to admit his suicidal thoughts . And when he finally did , the VA locked him in a room for several torturous hours until they ultimately let him go -- without any treatment or assistance whatsoever . He was left alone to replay and relive the horrors of war . This is unacceptable and inexcusable . As the wife of a retired Navy commander and the representative of the district covering Fairchild Air Force Base in Spokane , Washington , I see firsthand the permanent effects of war -- both physical and psychological -- on those who serve our country . Nearly 30 % of today 's veterans return from war with some kind of service-related disability -- often PTSD or traumatic brain injury -- and too often , the VA fails them . Though recent reports highlight the fundamental inefficiencies and mismanagement within the agency , the VA has failed to protect America 's veterans for far too long . This is a serious problem , and it demands a serious solution . Document : VA audit report released This issue is about more than the resignation of Secretary Eric Shinseki ; it 's about changing the structure and culture that have pervaded the VA for decades . The secretary is not the root of the problem ; he 's simply the face of it . We need to modernize an outdated agency , bring it into the 21st century and ensure that the VA is better equipped to treat the health and psychological issues that are unique to our veterans . Shinseki apologizes , orders VA fixes Moreover , the culture of the VA needs to change : Right now , too many veterans feel as if the VA treats them like a burden , leaving them both alone and untreated in the aftermath of war . We need to address the systemic , structural issues within the VA -- the misallocation of resources , the interminably long waiting lists , the bureaucratic inefficiencies -- to ensure that our American heroes are properly protected the second they return home from war . The House has taken swift action to do just that . Last week , we passed the overwhelmingly bipartisan Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act of 2014 , which holds the VA accountable for actions that are both egregious and preventable . We urge the Senate to take immediate action on this legislation so we can get it to the president 's desk and signed into law . We can not afford to waste more time . With 23 deaths already attributed to delayed care -- and many more in which "  delay in treatment " has been listed as a factor -- we refuse to let another veteran lose his or her life for something that can be prevented . When one joins the military , he or she is promised health care for life . So we need to make sure that happens . I am proud to join Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller , R-Florida , in his legislation to allow veterans to seek outside care from private practitioners , paid for by the department , if they have been waiting more than 30 days for an appointment . Our veterans should be allowed to go to local doctors and hospitals to treat their physical conditions and rely on the VA for issues that are unique to their specific needs . It 's time to bring the VA into the 21st century with stricter management , greater accountability and better care . While the agency has done great things -- such as its innovative work with prosthetics for disabled veterans or its telehealth system in regions like Spokane -- we need to take a closer look at the VA 's infrastructure , its strategic plan and its allocation of resources . The agency needs greater accountability and transparency . But most of all , the VA needs to shift its priorities so the veteran is always the priority . We will keep fighting . We will fight to give veterans the care they deserve and were promised . We will fight to modernize the VA to meet the needs of today 's service members . And we will fight for those two brothers in eastern Washington and for the millions of heroes just like them who have served America with unwavering resolve . They have protected us , and now we will protect them . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers says the dysfunction in the VA is unacceptable and inexcusable She tells the story of two brothers who failed to get adequate treatment after service Nearly 30 % of veterans return from war with some kind of service-related disability She supports a bill to allow veterans to seek outside care from private practitioners
CNN  -- One year ago , a series of events began with an earthquake off the cost of Japan that culminated in the largest accidental release of radioactivity into the ocean in history . We have to be careful and say "  accidental " because in the late 1950s and early 1960s , 50 to 100 times more radioactivity was released worldwide as fallout from the intentional testing of nuclear weapons . The word "  ocean " is also important , since Chernobyl in 1986 was hundreds of miles inland , so it had a smaller impact on the concentrations of radionuclides in the sea than was measured directly off Japan in 2011 . One year later , we have to ask , what do we know about Fukushima 's impact on the ocean and levels of radioactive contaminants in water and fish ? In many ways we were fortunate that impacts were largely confined to the ocean . Certainly , the Japanese people continue to feel devastating effects of so large a release within their country , and many people may never be able to return to their homes . But in general the winds during the height of the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant were blowing offshore . As a result , more than three-quarters of the radioactivity fell on the ocean . This is important , as any that lands on soil remains in place , resulting in the potential for greater human exposure and increased chances of contamination to food supplies and property . In the Pacific , however , the strong Kuroshio Current  similar to the Atlantic Gulf Stream  helped move any contamination quickly away from shore and diluted it by mixing it into deeper water . This allowed us to report that by June 2011 , even when we sampled within sight of the nuclear power plants , levels of cesium-137 and cesium-134 in the ocean , two primary products of nuclear fission , were elevated , but still below those considered of concern for exposure to humans . They were also well below biological thresholds of concern to the small fish and plankton we sampled , even if these were consumed by humans . Several other groups have now confirmed our findings about levels of radioactivity up to 400 miles offshore . Other measurements show trends that are more worrisome . Levels of radioactivity found in fish are not decreasing and there appear to be hot spots on the seafloor that are not well mapped . There is also little agreement on exactly how much radioactivity was released or even whether the fires and explosions at the power plant resulted in more radioactive fallout to the ocean than did direct releases of radioactivity caused by dumping water on the reactors to keep them cool . Opinion : U.S. reactors still vulnerable , a year after Fukushima Japan is taking what some think of as a precautionary measure by lowering the limits of radioactive contaminants in drinking water and food supplies , including seafood , on April 1 . The new level for fish will be one-tenth of the acceptable level in the United States . Will Japan 's new limits build consumer confidence or raise fears and questions about why more fish are considered unsafe for consumption ? And why were fish caught last year considered safe , but now are not ? Despite the announcement in December that operators of the power plant had achieved cold shut down , we know they are still using tons of water to cool the reactors and that not all the water has been collected or treated . As a result , the ground around the site is like a dirty sponge , saturated with contaminated water that is leaking into the ocean . Marine sediments are also collecting radioactive contaminants , exposing bottom-dwelling fish , shellfish and other organisms on the sea floor to higher levels of contaminants than those in the waters above . Little is known , however , about the level of contamination in the groundwater and on the seafloor and whether these will be a source of contaminants long after levels in the ocean have become diluted to the point that only the most sensitive instruments can detect them . We do know that we can detect cesium at very dilute levels , well below those considered harmful . Using these sensitive techniques we can track the Fukushima contaminants as ocean currents carry the peak releases across the Pacific where they are expected to reach the U.S. West Coast in 2013-2014 at levels that are much lower than we measured off Japan in 2011 and thus not of concern to human health . Two weeks ago , we held the largest international gathering of marine scientists studying radioactive substances in the ocean originating from Fukushima . Although we shared freely what each of us has learned in the last year , what we need today is also what we needed on March 11 , 2011 â $ " greater international coordination of long-term studies of the fate and consequences of the radiation . We 've done the initial assessments . Now we need to begin answering the tougher questions , building public confidence in scientific studies by having multiple , independent groups at work , and ensuring we have the resources to build comprehensive , long-term studies . As a scientist and a marine radiochemist , I am trained to provide answers about radioactivity in the oceanâ $ " how much is out there , where it is , and what its fate is likely to be in the future . Today , we have n't gone very far beyond the first question , which was key on March 11 , 2011 , but hardly seems sufficient one year later . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ken Buesseler .	Fukushima disaster led to largest accidental release of radioactivity into ocean Ken Buesseler says the levels detected in the ocean water are not of concern to human health He says there is concern that levels of radioactivity in fish are not decreasing Buesseler : Levels that will reach U.S. West Coast in 2013-14 are not high enough to harm humans
Editor 's Note : David Hawkins is Director of Public Policy and Research for the National Association for College Admission Counseling , a nonprofit organization that represents more than 11,000 high school counselors and college admission officers from across the country . He was the author of a report last month by the organization 's commission on the use of standardized tests . David Hawkins says test scores should n't be used to rank college quality ARLINGTON , Virginia  CNN  -- A recent controversy at Baylor University has brought new attention to the widespread misuse of standardized college admission tests to rank the quality of America 's colleges and universities . The SAT and ACT have achieved nearly iconic status in America and throughout the world . As the late author and scholar Stephen Jay Gould noted , the tests are viewed by many as "  abstruse and mysterious , " with powerful effects on public policy , social mobility , and even individual identity . Misuse of test scores as college ranking criteria creates undue pressure on admission offices to pursue increasingly high test scores and fuels the tests ' disproportionate influence . Last June , Baylor University encouraged its already admitted first-year students to retake the SAT . The reward for students who retook the test was $ 300 in bookstore credits . Students who increased their score by more than 50 points got a $ 1,000 merit aid scholarship . If enough students retook the SAT and increased their scores , the gains might be enough to move Baylor up the rankings list . The scarce financial resources allocated for this plan are too badly needed elsewhere , particularly among low-income students in rural and urban areas around the country , to spend on an effort to raise a college 's SAT profile . A Baylor spokesman told The Associated Press Thursday that the university "  goofed " and would likely end the incentives . It 's critical to understand that high SAT and ACT scores alone do not equate to merit . Last month , our organization 's Commission on the Use of Standardized Tests in Undergraduate Admission issued a report calling for change in the way everyone involved in college admissions uses the tests . Test misuses feed the public perception that the scores are the most influential factor in college admission . For the past 15 years , National Association for College Admission Counseling  NACAC  research has shown that students ' grades in high school , particularly grades in college preparatory courses , are by far the most important consideration in college admission decisions . One of the most pressing problems regarding the SAT and ACT scores is their misuse in the U.S. News and World Report college rankings formula . The SAT and ACT were designed to provide information about a student to colleges and universities and were never meant to be measures of college quality . Accordingly , the commission encouraged U.S. News and World Report to eliminate test scores as a measure of institutional quality . The U.S. News ranking formula includes a "  student selectivity " score that constitutes 15 percent of a college 's overall rank . SAT or ACT scores of enrollees make up 50 percent of the student selectivity score . In response to the NACAC report , U.S. News and World Report said , "  As long as standardized tests play an integral role in the college admissions process , U.S. News will use them as part of our ranking methodology . " The situation at Baylor is a reminder of the inflated value assigned to the SAT and ACT in higher education . The fervor surrounding the rankings , as well as the lengths to which colleges go to increase them , are unfortunate distractions in higher education and admissions . The impression students and families get from the rankings is that higher test scores mean higher quality colleges . To borrow a phrase familiar to admission deans , many colleges recruit great students and then graduate great students . Is that because of the institution , or the students ? Some credit undoubtedly should go to both . But is a college of lower quality because its students ' SAT scores are lower than those of students at another college ? Generally speaking , the ability of admission tests to predict success in higher education is much more limited than most people think . Colleges most often determine the utility of admission test scores by assessing how well they predict first-year grades . Colleges are wrong to place so much emphasis on test scores as measurements of their institutional worth when admission offices across the board consider the scores to be one among many indicators of a student 's merit . As influential as the rankings have been with students and families , is it any wonder that colleges whose stakeholders often demand higher ranks go to such lengths to influence their position in the rankings ? Misuse of test scores has real ramifications for students and families . For every student able to afford test-performance tutoring and fees for taking the test many times , there are many qualified students from under-served backgrounds who become discouraged that they will be unable to compete . For every college that raises its SAT or ACT profile for rankings purposes , there are hundreds , if not thousands , of qualified students who will never apply because artificially inflated test scores signal yet another barrier to higher education . It is critical to re-evaluate the varied uses of admission tests , and protect against their misuse in all forms . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Hawkins .	David Hawkins : Admission tests are wrongly used to rank college quality Hawkins says Baylor University 's incentives for test scores are a mistake Grades are much more important than test scores in admissions decisions , he says Hawkins : U.S. News should drop SAT and ACT scores in rankings
CNN  -- He struck an imposing figure as Kang , the villainous Klingon commander who struck fears in the hearts of the federation . The man who played Kang in three iterations of "  Star Trek , " Michael Ansara , has died , according to his former agent . Ansara was 91 . The veteran character actor was probably best known for playing the Klingon leader in the original "  Star Trek " series , then again in the legendary sci-fi series "  Star Trek : Deep Space Nine " and "  Star Trek : Voyager . " But he had an illustrious career beyond that , plus a personal life that included a marriage to Barbara Eden of "  I Dream of Jeannie " fame and a 36-year marriage to his wife Beverly . Ansara died Wednesday at his home in Calabasas , California , according to former agent Michael B. Druxman . He was born in a small village in Syria , arriving in the United States with his American parents at the age of two , according to a biography provided by Druxman . Having entered college in Los Angeles intending to be a doctor , he went into acting instead . His breakout role came as Cochise in the 1950s TV series "  Broken Arrow . " Other small-screen roles included in parts in such shows as "  The Untouchables , " "  Alfred Hitchcock Presents , " "  Perry Mason , "  Lost in Space , " "  Hawaii 5-0 , " "  Murder She Wrote , " "  Buck Rogers in the 25th Century " and his ex-wife 's show , "  I Dream of Jeannie . " Ansara also voiced Mr. Freeze in Batman movies and the TV series . Ansara 's film credits include 1953 's "  Julius Caesar , " "  The Greatest Story Ever Told , " John Wayne 's "  The Comancheros , " "  Guns of the Magnificent Seven , " "  The Bears and I , " "  The Message " and "  The Guns and the Fury . " William Shatner , who played Capt. James T. Kirk on the original Star Trek , was among the many who offered condolences upon hearing of Ansara 's death . So too did Eden , Ansara 's former wife . Tweeted Eden : "  He was a good man , a good father & a fantastic actor who had a long and full life . " People we 've lost in 2013	NEW : Ex-wife Eden says Ansara was a "  good man , a good father & a fantastic actor " Michael Ansara dies in California at age 91 , his former agent says He played Klingon commander Kang in three iterations of "  Star Trek " He made numerous other TV and movie roles over his long career
Hong Kong  CNN  -- In the 2011 suspense movie "  Contagion , " Gwyneth Paltrow 's globe-trotting character dies from a virus that stirred up our memories -- and fears -- of SARS , the respiratory epidemic from China that killed several hundred people around the world in 2003 . Paltrow played Patient Zero , a woman who travels through Hong Kong -- where we were treated to scenes of Kowloon , by some accounts the densest concentration of human life on the planet -- from where she boards a plane and subsequently spreads the deadly virus around the world . While the movie was fiction , SARS was very real . It made us feel nervous , vulnerable and afraid . But it also made us learn . Exactly one decade after SARS hit , is the travel world ready if a similar epidemic -- a SARS 2.0 -- were to break out ? Experts in the aviation , hotel and health industries agree we 're now much better prepared than before to deal with such a potential calamity . But some still prefer to avoid publicly addressing the issue . Here are five of the most important lessons we 've learned about handling global epidemics , ten years on . 1 . SARS helped the world realize we needed a global plan "  The most important change has been the adoption of the International Health Regulations in 2005 , " says Dr. Isabelle Nuttall , World Health Organization Director for the Global Capacities Alert and Response Department in Geneva , Switzerland . The IHR , as Nuttall describes , is basically one massive global plan that maps an emergency response effort if a health emergency -- such as SARS -- strikes . At present , 194 states and territories have signed the legally binding agreement . Ten years ago , a plan like this simply did n't exist . "  During SARS everything had to be invented , " says Nuttall . "  It was the first time we were dealing with such a disease , such an international threat . We had to mount new networks of clinicians and laboratories . " And there was no obligation to report anything quickly -- as the world learned from a secretive China in April 2003 . On one Saturday that month , health authorities in Beijing claimed just 37 confirmed SARS cases existed in the capital . One day later , Beijing revealed 346 confirmed cases with another 402 suspected . The international community condemned China for withholding vital information . Ten years later , the IHR now gives the World Health Organization "  probing powers " into any signatory country to check in and make sure everything is okay . Countries are legally bound to report all they know . 2 . SARS helped us be more alert with technology and training While NORAD , North American Aerospace Defense Command , tracks airspace over the United States and Canada for potential threats , the World Health Organization boasts its own global watch system for brewing health crises . Like a global plan , the capability for high-tech tracking also did n't exist ten years ago . "  We now have a system that is constantly screening the web 24/7 for information and rumors , " says the WHO 's Nuttal . "  We analyze them -- and some turn out to be false . However , every single piece of information is touching our attention and bringing the information to a team of people . " While the World Health Organization has an army of 8,000 health and safety officials , the Kowloon Shangri-La in Hong Kong has an 800-person trained team of employees that both welcome and watch hotel guests . "  We always want to be alert , but we certainly do n't want to be alarming , " says Linda Wan , resident manager at the Kowloon Shangri-La . The 20-year industry veteran , who moved from the United States to Hong Kong last year , has an old 2003 emergency SARS manual sitting on her desk . That has evolved into a general emergency response manual that the Shangri-La uses to train staff . Employees are taught to sanitize public areas -- elevator buttons , escalator rails , door knobs and restroom doors -- every hour or based on foot traffic frequency . In guest rooms , housekeeping disinfects frequently touched items with special focus on remote controls , light switches and bathrooms . "  If a guest is ill we may refer them to a nearby clinic and notify proper authorities of any heightened concern , " says Wan . Even before hotel guests check in , thermal imaging technology at major airports serves as an earlier field of defense against visitors arriving with a fever . The closer your image is to the red side of the visible light spectrum , the warmer you are . Too warm and you get a visit to the quarantine room for questioning and a potential sick bed . 3 . SARS taught us to appreciate breathing in deeply You board your plane , amble down the aisle , spot your seat and then ... mentally cringe : your red-nosed neighbor for the next several hours is coughing and sneezing into already-moist tissues . If air purity is a factor in which airplane you fly , the Boeing Dreamliner  battery problems notwithstanding  is best , according to Tom Ballantyne , the Sydney-based chief correspondent for Orient Aviation . The two-decade aviation expert says the Dreamliner 's technologically advanced systems mean its air is the best-filtered in the skies . Another benefit of the state of the art system is a difference in cabin pressure . While other airplanes are pressurized at about 8,000 feet in altitude , the new Dreamliners are pressurized at 5,000 feet , "  so it 's a much more pleasant atmosphere . " Higher humidity levels also keep that dry cottonmouth feeling at bay . The newer Boeing 777 's and the latest versions of the Airbus A350 and A320 Neo also have well filtered air , adds Ballantyne . "  As newer models come out , their internal air purification systems are more advanced . " But the 747-400 sits on the opposite end of the clean air spectrum because it 's "  a relatively elderly aircraft " that 's been in operation for nearly three decades , says Ballantyne . While Singapore Airlines retired its last 747 passenger jet in April 2012 , Hong Kong-based Cathay Pacific still has 18 in its fleet , United Continental operates 23 and British Airways boasts to be "  the world 's largest operator of the Boeing 747-400 " -- with 57 aircraft . 4 . SARS taught airlines to be financially more resilient Between 2001 and 2005 , an average of more than one major U.S. airline filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection each year : TWA  2001  , US Airways  2002  , United Airlines  2002  , US Airways again  2004  and both Northwest Airlines  2005  and Delta  2005  on the same day in a coincidence in timing . But from 2006 onward , just one major U.S. airline filed for bankruptcy protection -- American Airlines in 2011 . The reason is that catastrophic events , such as 9/11 and SARS , taught airlines an important lesson . When people stopped flying , "  airlines recognized the thing that gets them into real trouble is running out of cash , " says Paul Sheridan , head of consultancy Asia at Hong Kong-based Ascend . Airlines learned to "  make sure they have enough cash flow " to weather turbulent times . "  Over the last five years , we 've seen oil prices hit 150 bucks a barrel , swine flu and a volcanic ash cloud " that all impacted air passenger numbers , says Sheridan . "  The industry has had plenty of practice and  now keeps  more cash on hand . It 's a pretty wide range for liquidity , but perhaps it 's 10 percent of revenue , maybe a bit higher . " If it had n't been for 9/11 and SARS , "  a lot of airlines would have been bankrupt now if you threw the same issues over the last five years at them . " 5 . SARS -- and other big , bad diseases -- still scare us Sometimes what we learn is n't through what is said , but through what is not . Although SARS occurred a decade ago , an inordinate number of people and businesses declined comment for this article -- including all four international airports in the SARS hub cities of Hong Kong , Beijing , Singapore and Toronto . "  The responsible person has a very full schedule recently -- sorry , " texted Hong Kong Airport Authority spokeswoman Chris Lam . "  This is something that we 'd rather not revisit at this point in time , " e-mailed Robin Goh , assistant vice president of corporate communications at Singapore 's Changi Airport Group . Beijing Capital Airport authorities told CNN it would take "  several days to look at an application " for an interview after having been closed the entire week prior for Chinese New Year . Toronto Pearson never replied to e-mailed interview requests . "  I do n't know why  they would not talk  to tell you the truth , " said Ballantyne of Orient Aviation . "  I could understand the trouble with Beijing and bureaucracy , but I would have expected Singapore and Hong Kong to be willing to talk about it . You fly to Singapore and you can still see the signs and huge thermal imaging cameras . I 'd be happy to say ` We 've got these things . ' " In the hotel industry , similar caution appeared to exist . Hong Kong 's Kowloon Metropark  formerly the Metropole  , the Hong Kong hotel that had the first reported SARS case in the city , declined an interview request . "  I 'm sorry we do not want to put out any comments on the SARS issue because we want to look forward , " said Anita Kwan , public relations manager at the Metropark Hotel in Kowloon . "  I have spoken to the boss . " The Hong Kong Four Seasons , arguably the city 's top hotel , also declined to discuss any precautions and response procedures it had in place . "  Feburary is our peak season and we are too busy to arrange any interview at this moment , " said Angela Wong , the Four Seasons public relations manager . And international airlines including Singapore Airlines , Cathay Pacific and Emirates Airlines all either stopped communicating , only released statements or declined interview requests through their public relations agency . The lessons learned 10 years later ? We have a global response plan and advanced technology for disease tracking . And we have better training for hygiene and healthier airline financial strategies . Yet while we 're much better prepared , SARS still scares us ... sometimes into silence .	The world is better prepared for a similar outbreak than in 2003 Airplane manufacturers are putting more emphasis on inflight air quality Global response plan and advanced technology for disease tracking Reality is SARS and similar viruses still scare
CNN  -- Spain have drawn level with Brazil 's record by going 35 matches unbeaten , after second-half goals from David Villa and Fernando Llorente gave them a 2-0 Confederations Cup victory over host nation South Africa in Bloemfontein . The South African players appeal for handball as David Villa celebrates Spain 's opening goal on Saturday . The result ensures the European champions comfortably reach the semifinals of the competition as group winners , while South Africa also progress to the last four after New Zealand and Iraq draw 0-0 in Saturday 's other Group A match in Johannesburg . Vicente Del Bosque 's side were last beaten in November 2006 and they will better Brazil 's unbeaten streak , achieved between 1993 and 1996 , if they win Wednesday 's semifinal . Spain have also drawn level with Australia , Brazil and France in winning 15 consecutive matches and victory on Wednesday will ensure they break that record as well . After a goalless first half , the match exploded into life five minutes after the interval when Spain 's Cesc Fabregas was crudely fouled in the area by Aaron Mokoena , who has just signed a contract with Portsmouth and has regularly faced the Arsenal midfielder in the English Premier League . In-demand Valencia striker David Villa stepped up to take it , but his spot-kick was superbly pushed away by goalkeeper Itumeleng Khune , diving to his right . However , South African joy was short-lived as just a minute late Villa again showed what a class player he is when turning superbly to fire home Albert Riera 's inch-perfect through-ball . The South African players claimed Villa controlled the ball with his arm before burying it into the far corner and TV replays seemed to indicate they had a valid argument for the goal to be disallowed . Villa 's strike was his 31st goal in 47 international appearances , putting him just 13 off Raul Gonzalez 's all-time Spanish record . Spain , who look a class apart in this tournament and have qualified after winning all their three games without conceding a goal , secured the three points in the 71st minute when substitute Fernando Llorente turned the ball home in a crowded goalmouth , after Xavi 's low free-kick from the right had been helped on by a Fabregas mis-kick . Despite the defeat , South Africa 's participation in the tournament remains very much alive after Iraq and New Zealand played out a dull stalemate . A two-goal Iraq victory would have seen the host nation crash out , but the result was no great surprise as neither side managed to score a single goal in their three matches . Sunday sees the remaining Group B matches played , with Italy and Mexico battling it out to seemingly join Brazil in the last four . However , no team is absolutely certain of qualification yet and all four sides in the group can still in theory go through . Brazil face Italy in Pretoria and a draw will see the Brazilians definitely finish top of the group . However , an Italian victory will then turn the attention to the other match between Egypt and the United States in Rustenburg .	Spain extend their unbeaten run to 35 matches with 2-0 win over South Africa The European champions win all three of their Confederation Cup group games Spain will set a new record of 36 unbeaten matches if they win their semifinal
CNN  -- A broad coalition of groups supporting everything from religion , drugs , and digital rights to guns and the environment sued the National Security Agency today , demanding a federal judge immediately halt what they are calling an "  unconstitutional program of dragnet electronic surveillance " stemming from the government 's vast collection of Americans ' phone-calling data . The lawsuit  . pdf  , lodged in San Francisco federal court , is at least the fourth challenging the government 's wholesale phone surveillance program first disclosed by the Guardian newspaper , which last month began publishing documents leaked to the media outlet by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden . Lawmakers at first appeared outraged by the disclosure and held hearings . But that fervor had quickly dissipated , and Congress has seemingly turned a blind eye to the surveillance that all the lawsuits -- from San Francisco to the District of Columbia -- seek to halt . "  Defendants ' collection of telephone communications information includes , but is not limited to , recordings indicating who each customer communicates with , at what time , for how long and with what frequency communications occur . This communications information discloses the expressive and private associational connections among individuals and groups , including Plaintiffs and their members and staff , " according to the suit , which is being ligated by the Electronic Frontier Foundation and others . "  This lawsuit challenges an illegal and unconstitutional program of dragnet electronic surveillance , specifically the bulk acquisition , collection , storage , retention , and searching of telephone communications information , " the suit said . The Guardian in June posted a leaked copy of a top secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court opinion requiring Verizon Business to provide the NSA the phone numbers of both parties involved in all calls , the International Mobile Subscriber Identity  IMSI  number for mobile callers , calling card numbers used in the call , and the time and duration of the calls . The law that has been authorizing the surveillance is the Patriot Act -- adopted six weeks after the 2001 terror attacks -- and greatly expanded the government 's power to intrude into the private lives of Americans . The suit names one of the most controversial provisions of the Patriot Act -- Section 215 -- that allows the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to authorize broad warrants for most any type of records , including those held by banks , doctors and phone companies . Lawmakers have repeatedly voted to prevent the act from expiring . The government only needs to show that the information is "  relevant " to an authorized investigation . No connection to a terrorist or spy is required . The suit says the spying as outlined by the Guardian and confirmed by the government breaches the constitutional rights of the plaintiffs . Among other things , it chills their First Amendment speech rights and breaches the Fourth Amendment because the secret court is authorizing the surveillance against Americans without particularized suspicion that they have engaged in any criminal , terrorist activity . "  The Program collects information concerning all calls wholly within the United States , including local telephone calls , as well as all calls between the United States and abroad , regardless of a connection to international terrorism , reasonable suspicion of criminality , or any other form of wrongdoing , " according to the suit , signed by Cindy Cohn , the EFF 's legal director . The suit names the National Security Agency ; NSA Director Keith Alexander , Attorney General Eric Holder ; Federal Bureau of Investigation ; FBI Director Robert Mueller ; and Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and others . The plaintiffs include : First Unitarian Church of Los Angeles ; Bill of Rights Defense Committee ; Calguns Foundation ; California Association of Federal Firearms Licensees ; Council on Islamic Relations ; Franklin Armory ; Free Press ; Free Software Foundation ; Greenpeace ; Human Rights Watch ; Media Alliance ; National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws ; Open Technology Institute ; People for the American Way , Public Knowledge ; Students for Sensible Drug Policy ; TechFreedom ; and Unitarian Universalist Service Committee . The government has repeatedly maintained that Americans have no constitutional privacy rights connected to their business records with the phone company . Meantime , the Electronic Privacy Information Center has taken a different legal path and has asked the Supreme Court to stop the program under virtually the same allegations . The American Civil Liberties Union has done the same in a New York federal court . Larry Klayman , the former chairman of Judicial Watch , has lodged a suit challenging the surveillance in a District of Columbia federal court . The government has yet to officially answer the allegations in court , but is expected to respond later this week in the ACLU challenge . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	A broad coalition of groups has filed a lawsuit against the National Security Agency Suit asks a federal judge to halt NSA 's "  unconstitutional program of dragnet electronic surveillance " Plaintiffs include church groups , gun owners , human-rights groups and free-speech advocates The lawsuit is at least the fourth challenging the government 's surveillance program
BROWNSVILLE , Texas  CNN  -- Hurricane Dolly weakened to a tropical storm Wednesday night after it made landfall on South Padre Island , Texas , leaving a trail of battered buildings and flooding . Police patrol the streets of South Padre Island , Texas , on Wednesday as Hurricane Dolly approaches . By 9 p.m. CT , Dolly 's sustained winds had dipped to about 70 mph with higher gusts , according to the National Hurricane Center . A Category 1 hurricane has winds of at least 75 mph . A tropical storm warning remained in effect from Brownsville to Port Aransas , Texas . Tropical storm warnings for other areas were lifted . The eye of the storm made landfall as a Category 2 hurricane on South Padre Island , Texas , about 1 p.m. CT , tearing roofs off homes , flooding streets and sending residents scrambling for safety from wind gusts reaching 120 mph . By 2 p.m. , the hurricane was downgraded to Category 1 , but in many areas along the southwest coastal region , the damage was already done . Watch CNN 's Gary Tuchman brace against Dolly 's high winds " At least one person was injured as sustained winds up to 100 mph downed power lines and tore observation decks off homes and condos , CNN affiliate KPRC reported . A 17-year-old fell from a seventh-story balcony , sustaining head injuries , a broken leg and a broken hip . He is alert and receiving treatment on the island while authorities wait for the first opportunity to get him to the mainland , KPRC reported . "  When we heard the first bang , I thought it was one of the air conditioners flying , " said Jacqueline Bell , who lives on South Padre Island . "  Then we went outside , and we saw the debris , and we saw the neighbors leaving . " CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said persistent rainfall could cause flooding upstream in the Rio Grande as long as the storm stalled over the mountains of Mexico . Watch Myers explain the threat of flooding upriver " Myers said it could take two days for the rainwater to flow upstream and challenge the natural levees , which were holding for now . "  The levees are holding up just fine , " said Johnny Cavazos , emergency coordinator for Cameron County , The Associated Press reported . "  There is no indication right now that they are going to crest . " Even before Dolly made landfall , driving rain and wind gusts from its outer rings flooded streets and threatened to pour into homes while wind gusts shattered windows on the island popular with tourists . The 2,400 residents began bracing for the storm Tuesday night , when strong winds forced the closure of South Padre Island 's causeway to the mainland . Officials said the causeway is closed any time winds reach 39 mph . Some chose to remain on the island and wait out the storm . Steven Murphy took shelter with his girlfriend in his 65-foot double-decker fishing boat , Murphy 's Law , and hoped for the best . Read about why Murphy decided to wait out the storm Murphy , who owns a charter fishing company with his brother on the island , lived through a more powerful hurricane , where he saw boats bigger than his tossed onto land . "  I had nightmares about that last night , " he said from his boat Wednesday . He said the wind outside sounded like a tornado and added that he 'd seen several items blow past the windows of his vessel . "  It 's starting to tear it up real good , " Murphy said . See images and videos from affected areas " On the mainland , people in the path of the storm stacked sandbags around their homes , nailed plywood over windows and prepared generators to keep power going in the event of a blackout . iReport.com : Are you in Dolly 's path ? Brownsville Mayor Pat Ahumada said that the storm downed trees and dumped 6 to 8 inches of rain but that emergency workers were ready to respond once the wind and rain died down . Ahumada said reports that the city 's levees are in danger of breaching were exaggerated . Watch Mayor Ahumada explain the situation on the ground " He said it would take 20 inches of rain to top nearly all of the city 's levees , which had been reinforced to federal standards or above . "  People think we 're facing a Katrina , " he said . "  That 's not the case . " More than 13,000 customers were without power in Cameron County , where Brownsville is , utility company AEP Texas told The Associated Press . Dolly 's arrival also had the military scrambling . The Navy moved 89 aircraft from its Corpus Christi post to other locations in Texas and New Mexico . See Dolly 's projected path " Texas Gov. Rick Perry issued a disaster declaration for 14 counties before Dolly arrived . The declaration "  allows the state to initiate necessary preparedness efforts , " according to a statement from Perry 's office . More than two dozen state agencies and organizations , including the Red Cross , are on standby to help with evacuations and other needs . The National Guard has set up staging areas in Houston , Austin and San Antonio , officials said . As many as 1,200 National Guardsmen have been called to help , and 700 are deployed to targeted areas . An incident management team has been pre-positioned in South Texas , including six UH-60 helicopters , to provide support to first responders . CNN 's Alex Walker , Barbara Starr and Ed Lavandera contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Rains persist as Dolly weakens to tropical storm Heavy rains and winds tore roofs off homes , flooded streets earlier in the day Eye of the hurricane reached South Padre Island , Texas , about 1 p.m. CT By 2 p.m. , sustained winds had decreased from 100 mph to 95 mph
Atlanta  CNN  -- "  Aimee Day " ca n't come soon enough . That is the holiday -- date still to be determined -- Andy Copeland hopes for as his daughter Aimee fights off virulent flesh-eating bacteria that turned her life upside down in less than two weeks . Her fight wo n't be over on Aimee Day . She will likely need dialysis for some time to help her kidneys function , and rehab to adjust to life without her left leg , part of her abdomen and perhaps other body parts that surgeons may still remove because of her disease . Still , on that day , the 24-year-old University of West Georgia graduate student should be able to breathe on her own , after medical staff remove a tube now stuck down her throat that is being used to regulate her oxygen level . And her parents and her sister should , again , hear her voice . "  We 're going to celebrate that day forever for the rest of your life , " Andy Copeland told his daughter as she lay heavily medicated in an Augusta , Georgia , hospital bed . "  It 's the day that my daughter was delivered from this horrible , horrible disease . " Speaking Sunday on CNN , Andy Copeland did n't go into detail about the latest on his daughter 's condition as she fights for her life beyond saying , "  We 're holding up very well here . " Yet , as he 's done in regular Facebook posts chronicling the ordeal , Andy Copeland was positive about the future . "  I have every confidence that Aimee will be able to overcome this , " he said . Just last month , she had a full and active life . Aimee was pursuing her master 's degree in psychology , with a focus on eco-psychology -- the idea that harmonizing with nature can be a powerful tool in ensuring one 's psychological health and vitality . On May 1 , she and some friends were out near the Little Tallapoosa River , about 50 miles west of Atlanta , when she grabbed onto a homemade zip line , her family has said . It snapped . That led to a gash in her left calf , and ultimately it took 22 staples to close the wound , according to CNN affiliate WSB . Athough she did n't know it at the time , it was because of that cut that Aimee Copeland contracted the flesh-devouring bacteria , Aeromonas hydrophila . Dr. Buddy Creech , an assistant professor of pediatric infectious diseases at Vanderbilt University , said that Aeromonas hydrophila -- which is "  remarkably common in the water and in the environment " -- is one of many bacteria that can cause a flesh-eating process . "  When it gets into those deeper tissues , it has a remarkable ability to destroy the tissues that surround it in sort of this hunt for nutrition , " Creech said . "  When it does that , those tissues die , and you see the inflammation and the swelling and the destruction that can be very difficult to control . " Most humans are affected by these bacteria by swallowing them , resulting in diarrhea . Aimee Copeland 's case was much more uncommon , in that her wound got "  infected and the infection  ran  wild , " explained Creech . The pain continued for Aimee after her accident and , on May 4 , a friend took her to an emergency room where she was diagnosed with necrotizing fasciitis and flown to Augusta for surgery . She went into cardiac arrest after being removed from the operating table , but was resuscitated , CNN affiliate WGCL reported . It was then , Andy Copeland recalled on his Facebook page , that he was "  told that Aimee might not survive the night . " She did survive , though surgeries cost her the leg and part of her abdomen . A post Saturday on a blog set up by the University of West Georgia psychology department said more operations are coming : "  Aimee will suffer the loss of her fingers , however physicians have hope of bringing life back to the palms of her hands , which could allow her the muscle control to use helpful prosthetics . " At one point her lungs "  required 100 % pure oxygen to be fed to her through a respirator , " as the bacteria ravaged her body , her father wrote . By Sunday , she had improved significantly to 33 % -- just 12 percentage points shy of 21 % , the level of oxygen in air around us . If and when it gets to that point , she can be taken off the respirator . And her family can mark that moment , Aimee Day , on their collective calendar to celebrate this year and every year after . For now , Andy Copeland is busy standing by , conversing with medical staff and expressing appreciation for his "  amazingly resilient " daughter , as well as for the medical staff , friends and complete strangers who have shown their support . And the entire family is staying hopeful , fueled in part by the remarkable progress they 've seen so far . "  The words I hear from the medical professionals to describe Aimee 's continued recovery are ` astonishing , ' ` incredible , ' ` confounding , ' ` mind-boggling ' and ` unbelievable , ' " Andy Copeland wrote Saturday on Facebook . "  All those are fitting words . My favorite word is ` miracle . ' " CNN 's Don Lemon and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Aimee Copeland , 24 , was infected with Aeromonas hydrophila on May 1 She 's since lost a leg and part of her abdomen and may lose her fingers Her father says he was told she may not survive , but she has improved He 's awaiting "  Aimee Day , " when she 'll be able to speak and breathe again
CNN  -- Bookworms eagerly awaiting the next title from their favorite author may have a new way to access those books early . Amazon is launching a program that releases select books to Kindle readers a month before they go on sale to everyone else . Called Kindle First , the program lets readers pick one of four books a month , chosen by Amazon editors from a variety of categories . This month there 's a romance novel , some literary fiction , a mystery and an inspirational book based on a disco song . The books will be officially released everywhere in December . Kindle First is free to Amazon Prime members , while other people will pay $ 1.99 a month for their book . Amazon will announce the book selections every month via e-mail . The books will work on any Kindle device or Kindle app on a third-party device , so Android and iOS users can get them as well . For now , the program is only available in the United States . Early access to books is yet another perk added to the Amazon Prime membership program , joining streaming shows and movies , thousands of free Kindle titles , and free two-day shipping . Amazon Prime is designed to lure customers into Amazon 's vast ecosystem of content and physical goods . The program is $ 79 a year , but it makes far more money on purchases members make , not their annual fees . If you can order a pair of shoelaces online without paying for shipping , why bother going to the store ? Granting early access to content can also be a weapon against illegal downloading . Pirating ebooks may not get as much attention as movies and music , but its just as easy to do . If something is available through an official service ahead of its release date , it makes it easier for consumers to pay for the product instead of turning to more illicit channels . Some movie studios have already begun experimenting with making movies available online before they are released in theaters . Researchers at the Mercatus Center are studying data for legal and illegal downloads to see if there 's a connection between making content available early and a decrease in pirating , according to Ars Technica .	Amazon program lets Kindle users download one book a month ahead of its release date Every month the company picks four new titles from a variety of categories Amazon Prime members can download their pick free ; non-members pay $ 1.99 each
CNN  -- If you happen to browse upon a news story that 's too odd to be true Wednesday , hold your outrage and check the calendar . A Lebanese newspaper ran a caricature last year of two opposition leaders hugging in light of April Fools ' Day . It 's April Fools ' Day -- when media outlets around the world take a break from the serious business of delivering news and play fast and furious with the facts . No one quite knows when the practice began , but any journalist will point to what is undoubtedly the biggest hoax that any reputable news establishment ever pulled : A 1957 BBC report that said , thanks to a mild winter and the elimination of the spaghetti weevil , Swiss farmers were enjoying a bumper spaghetti crop . The segment was accompanied by pictures of farmers pulling strands of spaghetti from trees -- and prompted hundreds of viewers to call in , wanting to know how they could grow their own spaghetti trees . While not as elaborate , the pranks that media outlets harvested this year have been quite rich : The Guardian in London ran a story Wednesday announcing that , after 188 years as a print publication , it will become the first newspaper to deliver news exclusively via Twitter . Twitter , a micro-blogging site , allows users to post updates that are 140 characters long . In keeping with the limitation , the newspaper said it had undertaken a mammoth project to retool the newspaper 's entire archive . For example , Charles Lindbergh 's 1927 flight from New York to Paris , France , was condensed to : "  OMG first successful transatlantic air flight wow , pretty cool ! Boring day otherwise ... sigh . " The news is n't always black and white . The Taipei Times , one of three English-language dailies in Taiwan , fooled many readers with a report that two pandas donated by China to the Taipei Zoo were , in fact , brown forest bears dyed black and white . To render a whiff of authenticity to the story , editors made a reference to China 's tainted-milk scandal that sickened 300,000 people last year . But the story contained enough outrageous lines to clue in readers . Among them , a quote from a souvenir stand operator who worried the panda deception would affect sales of her "  stuffed panda toys , panda T-shirts , panda pens and notepads , remote-controlled pandas on wheels , caps with panda ears on top , panda fans , panda flashlights , panda mugs , panda eyeglass cases , panda face masks , panda slippers , panda wallet and panda purses . " Sometimes , of course , the pranks backfire . In Australia , the Herald Sun newspaper drew hundreds of angry comments Wednesday after a story on its Web site said a Chinese construction firm wanted to buy naming rights to the iconic Melbourne Cricket Ground . Many readers did not realize the story was a hoax -- despite a quote from a spokeswoman named April Fulton . iReport.com : Share your best April Fools ' office pranks and jokes Geoffrey Davies , the head of the journalism department at London 's University of Westminster , said such pranks do not particularly affect the credibility of a news organization . "  They are done in a way that you know it 's a joke , " he said . "  In the Guardian story , for example , the clue is in the name of the journalist -LSB- Rio Palof -RSB- -- which is an anagram for April Fool . People look out for them really , and therefore , you kind of open the paper trying to spot the spoof story . " Of course , news outlets are n't the only ones who hoodwink readers on April 1 . The town of Rotorua , a popular tourist stop in New Zealand , said a rotten egg smell that permeates the town is such an aphrodisiac that Playboy founder Hugh Hefner wants to build a mansion there . Microsoft Corp. said it is releasing a new Xbox 360 video game , "  Alpine Legend , " which will do for fans of yodeling what "  Guitar Hero " did for rock music . And car manufacturer BMW announced in ads in British newspapers that it had developed "  Magnetic Tow Technology . " "  BMW Magnetic Tow Technology is an ingenious new system that locks on to the car in front via an enhanced magnetic beam , " the ad said . "  Once your BMW is attached you are free to release your foot from the accelerator and turn off your engine . " Steve Price , features editor of the Taipei Times , said such hoaxes are not only good for a laugh but serve a purpose . "  It highlights an important aspect of media that readers and viewers should keep a critical mind when they read stories or watch TV , " he said . "  I think that is especially true with the advent of the Internet and the proliferation of blogging . " The origins of pulling pranks on April Fools ' Day is unclear . Some believe it dates back to the time when the Gregorian calendar was first adopted , changing the beginning of the year to January 1 from April 1 . Those who still held on to the Julian calendar were referred to as "  April Fools . " Traditionally , the pranks are pulled before noon on this day . But a wildly successful prank this year was conceived and executed much earlier . Millions of Web users fell for a video that claimed to be the first flying five-star hotel in a converted Soviet-era helicopter . The 37-second clip , which was posted online Thursday , was an elaborate computer-generated hoax by the airport hotel chain Yotel . If you were one of the many who fell for the prank , hold your disappointment . You can still reserve rooms on the moon through Hotels.com or book flights to Mars through Expedia.com for $ 99 . But hurry . The offers end Wednesday .	If a news item seems especially outrageous on April 1 , it just may be a hoax Among the good ones already : The Guardian reportedly switches to Twitter format Taipei Times editor says , "  Readers and viewers should keep a critical mind "
CNN  -- Asia 's emergence as a golfing power has received a boost with the announcement the continent 's top golfers will face off against their European counterparts in a competition similar to the Ryder Cup . The EurAsia Cup will be held every two years , with the inaugural event taking place at Malaysia 's Glenmarie Golf and Country Club in March 2014 Two 10-man teams go head-to-head . Europe 's team will be comprised of the tour four players from the European Tour 's Race to Dubai standings , the leading four available players from the world rankings and two captain 's picks . The four top players from the Asian Tour 's Order of Merit , the four available leading Asian players from the world rankings and two captain 's picks will make up the Asian team . Team captains will be announced at a later date . "  We are all excited by the prospect of this matchplay event between Europe and Asia , " European Tour COO Keith Waters said in a statement . "  It will be a fantastic event showcasing world-class golf at the highest standard as matchplay competitions always bring out great excitement and drama for golf fans and television viewers , " declared Asian Tour chairman Kyi Hla Han . The European Tour 's statement went on to say the competition "  will be beamed live to more than 45 countries and 670 million homes . " The Ryder Cup is a biennial match played between Europe and the United States . The intercontinental rivalry is one of the oldest in sport . The competition dates back to 1927 and was most recently held at the Medinah Country Club in Illinois , with Europe retaining the trophy .	Europe and Asia 's top golfers to compete in the EurAsia Cup The event will take place at Malaysia 's Glenmarie Golf and Country Club The EurAsia Cup will be played once every two years
CNN  -- Alleged Boston crime boss James "  Whitey " Bulger may have authored two memoirs , one of which was titled "  My Life in the Irish Mafia , " according to court documents . It is not clear whether the notorious fugitive , who evaded authorities for 16 years , actually wrote the memoir , but prosecutors say it is part of their investigation . The manuscript was seized at a South Boston home on January 5 , 1995 , the same day a warrant was issued for Bulger 's arrest on racketeering charges . The alleged gangster also apparently penned a separate autobiography that was found by authorities at Bulger 's Santa Monica , California , apartment after his arrest there , courts documents say . Bulger , 82 , has pleaded not guilty to all charges against him , including 19 murder counts . Once one of the FBI 's 10 most wanted fugitives , he is currently being held without bail and faces an impending racketeering indictment after authorities tracked him down in June 2011 at his California home . Bulger was arrested after being lured out of his apartment with an FBI ruse : He apparently received a phone call and was told his lock box , located in the basement parking lot of his building , had been broken into . When Bulger went down to check , FBI agents arrested him . His alleged barbarity as an Irish-American mobster in Boston inspired the Jack Nicholson character in Martin Scorsese 's 2006 film "  The Departed . " CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Jack Maddox contributed to this report	James "  Whitey " Bulger may have inked two memoirs One of the memoirs is called "  My Life in the Irish Mafia , " prosecutors say A separate autobiography was found at his California apartment Bulger , 82 , has pleaded not guilty to all charges against him , including 19 murder counts
CNN  For many kids , a trip to Disneyland is a dream come true . But for some of those kids and their families who visited "  the happiest place on Earth " a few weeks ago , that dream has become a nightmare . In the past month , 36 people have come down with measles traced to an exposure at the theme park , including five employees of Disneyland . Prior to the introduction of a vaccine in 1967 , nearly every American got the measles ; but since 2000 , it has effectively been eradicated in this country , with the only sources of exposure being foreign visitors or Americans who traveled and brought it back . The threat is growing , however , because not enough people are getting vaccinated and even for those who have gotten vaccinated , the overall trend is a problem for all of us . Vaccine rates in the United States have been in steady decline since the late '90s . Seventeen states now have fewer than 90 % of children vaccinated for measles . Often times , like-minded people who have unvaccinated children tend to cluster in the same communities , thus creating pockets with very low vaccination rates . The reduction in vaccination rates reveals one of the quirks of vaccines ; they only protect a population if nearly everyone is vaccinated . This is the concept of herd immunity . The magic number for measles is 95 , which means if at least 95 % of people in a community are vaccinated , everyone is protected . This is because the chance of the virus finding the individuals in the group who have little or no protection is very low . If a vaccinated , and protected , person gets measles they may not even know it , but the virus will be stopped in its tracks by their immune response before they can make more people sick . However , the more poorly protected , or unprotected , people there are , the easier it is for the virus to find them , make them sick and spread . For those of you who are vaccinated and might be thinking you 're protected from infection even in communities with vaccination rates lower than 95 % , you still need to worry . Adults can be affected , too . In fact , 13 of the 18 confirmed cases of measles in Orange County were adults . While the measles vaccine is extremely effective -- the best we have -- effectiveness can reduce over time , leaving both children and adults vulnerable , even if they were vaccinated . Therefore , the risk of any one of us coming down with a completely preventable childhood disease like measles will increase if vaccination rates continue to decline . Disney officials have recognized the importance of vaccination . After learning of the exposure , they offered vaccination and immunity tests to their employees , according to a statement issued by the Walt Disney Parks and Resorts chief medical officer , Dr. Pamela Hymel . Of the five employees affected , three have been medically cleared to return to work , a spokesman said , and others are on paid leave until medically cleared . To be sure , there are valid medical reasons that some children ca n't be vaccinated , such as allergies to components of the vaccine , underlying diseases that compromise the immune system , or because they are simply too young . But these children vitally depend on herd immunity to protect them from childhood diseases . The unfortunate reality , however , is that more and more parents are choosing not to vaccinate their children for nonmedical reasons . Some refuse vaccines on the grounds of religious beliefs ; others refuse on the repeatedly disproved argument that vaccines contribute to autism . Their high-risk decision not to vaccinate endangers not only their children , but also those who ca n't receive the vaccines , and even those of us who have had the vaccine a long time ago , and depend on herd immunity . 5 things to know about measles Regardless of the reason why parents choose not to vaccinate their children , it is important for the rest of us to realize they are making the choice for all of us , too . By not vaccinating their own children , they increase everyone else 's chance of getting a preventable childhood disease like measles , whooping cough or even polio . Just last week , a 25-day-old baby died of whooping cough , which , like measles , is also spreading unnecessarily in the United States due to the decrease in vaccine rates . Just like the drunk driver who makes a socially irresponsible decision that can endanger not only his life , but also the lives of the other drivers and passengers on the road , parents who choose not to vaccinate their children put everyone else at risk . We can each play a part in protecting children by making sure parents understand their responsibility to vaccinate their children and the potential consequences on all of society if they do n't . It 's a small world after all , and the actions of the few can , and do , affect the many .	A measles outbreak resulted after exposure at Disneyland ; 36 became ill Cynthia Leifer : Fewer people getting vaccinated , raising risks for all of us
When a building is on fire , every second counts for the first responders rushing to the scene . A computer-savvy firefighter in North Carolina is hoping a bit of futuristic wearable technology and clever programming can help save time and lives . Patrick Jackson has developed an app for Google Glass , Google 's experimental head-mounted computer , which feeds important information directly to the eye-line of firefighters in an emergency . "  I 'll hear a little notification and can look up into the top corner of my vision and see a map of where it is . I see the location of the incident and what type of call it is , " Jackson said . By routing information directly to Glass , the app can save firefighters from having to stop what they 're doing in order to reach for a radio , smartphone , tablet or computer . Jackson plans on adding even more useful data in future versions , like information on specific buildings including blueprints , potential building hazards and contact information for owners . A firefighter might be able to say an address out loud or simply look at a building with the Glass camera to retrieve information . Glass can also record the first video of a situation when crews arrive . That early documentation will be important to fire investigations down the line . For now , Glass is n't compatible with the oxygen masks firefighters wear on the ground , so the app is more for external personnel . Jackson 's Glass stays behind in the truck . People like Jackson who are finding genuinely helpful uses for the device might help Glass gain more widespread acceptance . Google Glass has struggled with its public image since Google first made it available to a limited group of developers in April . The device 's ability to snap photos and record video and audio has raised privacy concerns from regular people and even members of Congress . Its use in social situations and public venues has led to etiquette questions . The device hit a legal speed bump when a woman in California was cited for wearing Google Glass while driving . Her case was later dismissed when the court did n't find enough evidence that the device was turned on . There 's even an unfortunate epithet just for the people who wear Google Glass regularly : glassholes . That 's not what Jackson saw when a group of skydivers demonstrated Google Glass at the annual Google developers conference in 2012 . "  They had a video of some guy diving out of a blimp wearing Glass and riding a bike into the conference , " Jackson said . "  Right then I started thinking about uses for the firefighter . " A self-taught programmer , Jackson first started tinkering with computers when he was 7 and later spent a year studying computer science in college before transferring to the University of North Carolina , Asheville , for an environmental management and policy program . He became a firefighter and did n't do much with computers for another decade . Then , about four years ago , he purchased a smartphone and was inspired to start programming again . "  Since then I 've taught myself way more than I ever knew about programming . I 've developed an Android app , an iPhone app and a Glass app , " Jackson said . His first project was the Android app Firefighter Log , which similarly routed key information directly to the smartphone , including text messages from fire and EMS dispatchers , streams of emergency radio feeds , and location information for fires and nearby hydrants . Jackson says more than 20,000 people have downloaded the apps . To get his hands on Google Glass , Jackson submitted his idea to Google 's IfIHadGlass competition . He raised money to cover the cost of the hardware through an Indiegogo campaign and received the device in September . Fire departments do n't all have the funding necessary to upgrade to the latest technology , but many are seeing the potential to save money and become more efficient at the same time . Jackson 's own Rocky Mount Fire Department recently installed iPads in its vehicles . The tablets cost significantly less than the laptops they 're replacing and can show the same information , such as call notes , fire hydrant locations , maps and dispatch information . "  You do n't need a big laptop with a hard drive and all this on it , " Jackson said . Other fire departments across the United States have expressed interest in Jackson 's Google Glass setup . One wants to take it to the next level and link a thermal imaging camera to Glass customized to work with oxygen masks . Then firefighters could have partial vision through smoke and darkness . Other fire departments and researchers also are experimenting with wearable technology , thanks to a recent availability of affordable wearable sensors that can track vitals and environmental factors like air quality and temperature . The Wearable Advanced Sensor Platform , or WASP , can track a firefighter 's location as well as physical data such as heart rate , breathing and activity levels in real time . A Belgium finalist for Microsoft 's Imagine Cup created a system that combines location sensors and augmented reality glasses to help firefighters move around buildings when there is minimal visibility . When he 's not fighting fires or perfecting his app , Jackson is working on another possibly life-saving use for Google Glass : an app to help administer CPR . Using the built-in accelerometer in Glass , the app can measure how fast someone 's chest compressions are and instruct the person to go faster or slower .	A firefighter has developed a Google Glass app to help first responders save time The app displays dispatch and location information on its head-mounted screen Wearable technology could soon help firefighters navigate when there 's low visibility
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Nearly all of the 33 Haitian children whom American missionaries allegedly tried to take out of the earthquake-ravaged nation were reunited Wednesday with their families , weeks after they were separated . The children , who range in age from 4 months to 12 years old , have been living in SOS Children 's Village , an Austrian-run orphanage in northern Port-au-Prince , since late January , when the 10 Americans they were with were arrested at the Haitian-Dominican Republic border . On Wednesday , 32 of the children were taken home by at least one parent . Authorities are still working to verify the paperwork from the parents of the remaining child , a 9-year-old girl , SOS Children 's Village said . It was not immediately clear when she could be reunited with her family . Haitian authorities acknowledged that it had taken them some time to return the children . "  Authorities wanted to ensure that the children were given back to the right parents , " said Jeanne Bernard-Pierre , the general director for Haiti 's Institute of Social Welfare . The 10 Americans face charges that including kidnapping of minors for trying to take the children out of the country without required paperwork on January 29 , more than two weeks after the devastating magnitude 7.0 earthquake . Nine of them have been released on bail and left the country . They also are charged with criminal association and arranging irregular travel . The group 's leader , Laura Silsby , remains jailed in Port-au-Prince . She admitted that she did not have any documentation for the children from Haitian officials . Silsby originally said the children were orphaned or abandoned , but it has since been determined that all have at least one living parent , according to the SOS Children 's Village . Some parents said they placed their children in Silsby 's care because they thought that would ensure they would have a better life . The Americans said they had planned to house the children in a converted hotel in the Dominican Republic and later move them to an orphanage . The January 12 earthquake killed more than 200,000 people and flattened large portions of the capital city and surrounding areas .	32 of 33 children taken home by at least one parent Wednesday 10 Americans were arrested with kids at Dominican border in late January Authorities still working to verify parents of remaining girl
Editor 's note : CNN contributor Bob Greene is a best-selling author whose current book is "  When We Get to Surf City : A Journey Through America in Pursuit of Rock and Roll , Friendship , and Dreams . " Bob Greene says that when an illness threatens , we realize the vital role of medical researchers . CNN  -- These are times when the cult of celebrity seems especially empty , when our national love affair with multimillion-dollar shortstops and with beautiful actresses whose flawless faces are enough to guarantee huge box-office weekends feels devoid of meaning . Right now , as the eventual path of the swine flu emergency remains uncertain , the world is beginning to turn its pleading eyes in the direction of men and women whose names and faces we do n't even know . They are the men and women who , wearing lab coats in medical and scientific facilities , are working -- as they do every day -- toward the conquest of disease . The wider world seldom gives them a thought until suddenly we realize that we need them . Until abruptly , in the midst of our constant cultural obeisance to flashiness and surface glamour , we are forced to stop and recognize : We need help . Sickness is upon us , and there are conflicting reports on its potential severity . Our political leaders say not to panic because it may turn out to be relatively mild , but in the absence of definitive facts the words sound somehow hollow . There is no vaccine . There may not be a cure for all cases . The disease , in many ways , seems to hold all the cards . Times like these do n't come along very often . When they do , it is probably a good idea to pause and reflect upon the quiet work done every day by those men and women in the laboratories . There were two men , now dead , who , toward the end of their lives , could pass through any airport in the country without being recognized . They saved the world 's children : saying those words is not much of an exaggeration . Yet , by the time they were old men , they were less applauded than the average NBA forward or prime-time television make-believe cop . But talk about the definition of heroism . In the early 1950s the world was in utter terror because a relentless , paralyzing virus was spreading and turning into the cruelest of epidemics . In hospitals across the United States , children were confined to iron lungs because polio had robbed them of the power to breathe on their own . Parents were fearful of letting their sons and daughters play outdoors or swim in public pools , yet the caution was n't helping . The disease was winning . In separate American laboratories , two men working separately -- Dr. Jonas Salk and Dr. Albert Sabin -- were determined to defeat the polio virus , to end the heartbreak . Salk developed the first , injectable polio vaccine ; Sabin developed an oral vaccine that would eventually supplant it . Years later , as they were entering the winter of their lives , I sought both of them to speak about what it was like to be working , with the clock ticking , against such a disease . "  I never thought it could n't be done , " Salk told me . "  Yes , of course there were doubters . But I did n't pay attention to anybody . " There is self-confidence , and then there is self-confidence . Growing up , Salk was not the kind of boy who often heard cheers . As one biographical sketch of him put it : "  To his schoolmates Salk was a person of little importance . A thin , small-boned child , untalented at games and not gifted in class , he was tolerated but not sought after . " Yet he was there when the time of reckoning arrived , when the world needed someone to come through . "  You ask me what persuades a man that something is doable ? Your self persuades you that something is doable , " Salk said . Why , of all the doctors in the world , did it fall upon him to finally stop polio in its tracks ? "  I did n't think I was the person appointed to do this , " Salk said . "  I was simply granted the opportunity to help . We do not all see the world in the same way . There are those of us who see it in terms of solvable problems . If you have a problem that can be solved , then it will be solved . " And the frustrations that came with trying , on deadline -- in every sense of that word -- to stop a crippling virus ? "  You 're not on a golf course , " Salk said . "  You do n't say to yourself , ` Today 's the day I 'm going to break par . ' What you do is have a continuing dialogue with nature . You ask questions in the form of experiments . And you get answers . Yes or no . Yes or no . Yes or no . And then you use those answers to ask your next question , and you keep doing it until you have the ultimate answer . " Sabin was looking for the answer at the same time . "  You had an epidemic involving thousands upon thousands of children , " Sabin said . "  There was obviously a great need , and when there is a need like that , you 've got to keep working even when you have no idea what the outcome is going to be . " Despondency , he said , was always lurking over his shoulder . "  There were many times when not only did my colleagues tell me it could n't be done , " he said , "  they told me to throw the whole thing down the rathole . And I confess to wondering at times whether they might not be right . "  But I kept at it . I kept asking myself , ` What do I have to do ? What is the next step ? ' ... In the middle of the night you often wake up with an idea . You have a notebook by your bed so you can write these things down , so that they 're not lost in the morning . "  The fear . The fear ! You never lost sight of the human side of what you were doing . You were driven on by the knowledge that there was human misery , and that you could use your knowledge to help eliminate it . " Jonas Salk died in 1995 at the age of 80 ; Albert Sabin died in 1993 at the age of 86 . But right now , there are men and women at work in laboratories , men and women whose names we do not yet know . Suddenly we are depending on them . Perhaps they are feeling exhausted , or overwhelmed . I can still hear Dr. Sabin 's voice : "  There is a line -- I believe it is by Sir Francis Drake -- that a superior officer of mine during World War II quoted to me . I shall never forget it : ` Grant us to know that it is not the beginning , but the continuing of the same until it is thoroughly finished , that yieldeth the true glory . ' " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Our culture places premium on what celebrities are doing He says when illness threatens , we realize importance of medical researchers Greene says Jonas Salk and Albert Sabin gained fame for their work on polio Confidence and persistence helped them conquer the disease , Greene says
CNN  -- Calling for an airport screening process that maximizes security but cuts down on passenger hassles , the U.S. Travel Association on Wednesday recommended key changes to the current system . The group , along with a panel of experts , suggested creating a trusted traveler program that would allow fliers who volunteer certain information about themselves to go through less rigorous security before their flight . It also proposed allowing each traveler to check one bag without a fee to reduce the amount of luggage going through security checkpoints . "  We need to do better , " said Jim Turner , a former ranking Democratic member of the House Homeland Security Committee and co-chairman of the panel , during a news conference in Washington . "  We owe it to the traveling public to make the system make more sense . " Traveler frustration with the current routine -- which includes the familiar rules about taking off shoes , going through a metal detector or full-body scan  or both  and facing the possibility of a pat down -- prompted the report , titled "  A Better Way , " the U.S. Travel Association said . What are the chances Congress would approve any portion of the plan ? It 's very difficult to get action in this area , Turner admitted . But if implemented , the recommendations could shorten wait times at security checkpoints and allow the Transportation Security Administration to screen passengers based on risk , the report said . ` Shrink the haystack ' Right now , "  everyone who checks in is treated as a potential terrorist , " said Tom Ridge , the former secretary of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and co-chairman of the panel . The group called it a "  one-size-fits-all solution " in which children and the elderly can be pulled aside for extra screening . But having everyone go through the system is n't the way to eliminate risk , Ridge said . "  If you want to find a needle in a haystack , you shrink the haystack , " he said . That 's where the trusted traveler program would come in , designating some passengers as low-risk based on information such as a background check , employment history , lack of criminal record and other factors . Once travelers enroll in the program and their identity is confirmed at the airport with the help of biometric information , they would be subject to less security , Ridge said . The program should be extended to qualified international passengers , the panel recommends . The TSA screens more than 628 million airline passengers every year at U.S. airports , and the vast majority present little to no risk of committing an act of terrorism , TSA Administrator John Pistole said in a speech earlier this month . In response to Wednesday 's report , TSA spokesman Nicholas Kimball said Pistole 's vision for the future of airport security screening is "  one that is more risk-based and intelligence-driven , shifting away from a one-size-fits-all approach at checkpoints . " "  Last fall , -LSB- Pistole -RSB- directed the agency to explore ways to further develop this strategy , with plans to announce more details this year . We welcome dialogue with stakeholders and the traveling public as the process moves forward , " he said . The bag problem Meanwhile , the U.S. Travel Association report also sets its sights on baggage . Passengers are bringing more carry-ons onto flights to avoid paying checked-bag fees , which increases checkpoint congestion and requires the TSA to devote more resources to screen passenger bags , the report says . The solution ? The Department of Transportation should require airlines to allow each passenger to check one bag as part of the base airfare , the panel recommends . Congress must improve the current system , said Roger Dow , president and CEO of the U.S. Travel Association . There are economic considerations at stake as well , he said . Dow cited a 2010 survey by Consensus Research , which found that U.S. travelers would take an additional two to three flights per year if the hassles in security screening system were eliminated . The additional flights would add nearly $ 85 billion in consumer spending and 900,000 jobs to the American economy , the report said .	NEW : TSA welcomes "  dialogue with ... the traveling public " on panel 's recommendations U.S. Travel Association and panel of experts call for airport security changes Report : Create trusted traveler program that would allow low-risk fliers to skip some security Report : Allow each traveler to check one bag without a fee to reduce bags at checkpoints
CNN  -- As theater , Hillary Clinton 's congressional testimony on the September attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi did not disappoint . The secretary of state was prepared . She was poised . And she was fiery . Clinton likely regrets her exasperated response to persistent questions by Sen. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin , who repeated the charge that the Obama administration had misled Americans over whether there was a protest on the night of the Benghazi attack , as reports first indicated . She exploded : "  With all due respect , the fact is we had four dead Americans . Was it because of a protest or was it because of guys out for a walk one night decided they 'd go kill some Americans ? What difference , at this point , does it make ? " The response instantly inspired the critical hashtag #WhatDifferenceDoesItMake and became a hot topic on right-wing radio . But otherwise , Republican members of Congress hardly laid a glove on her , perhaps because the party has bizarrely focused on the Obama administration 's post-attack talking points instead of more important issues : Does the State Department have the resources and policies it needs to keep American diplomats safe ? What level of threat do extremist groups in the region really pose to U.S. interests ? And what does the Obama administration want to accomplish there ? The hearings should have been more substantive because the United States is at a dangerous inflection point in North Africa and the Sahel region to its south , and leaders in both parties need to think carefully about how deeply we want to get involved in this volatile part of the world . In Libya , the United States has already helped overthrow Moammar Gadhafi , whose vast arsenal has ended up in the hands of some pretty nasty characters . With some in the Pentagon reportedly pushing for drone strikes in Mali , and the United States providing logistical and intelligence help to French forces there , we are gradually getting sucked into conflicts that were never considered our vital concern . In her opening statement , Clinton tried to put the Benghazi attack in this context , describing steps the United States is taking to address "  the broader strategic challenge in North Africa and the wider region . " "  The Arab revolutions have scrambled power dynamics and shattered security forces across the region , " she said . "  And instability in Mali has created an expanding safe haven for terrorists who look to extend their influence and plot further attacks of the kind we saw just last week in Algeria . " Those attacks , in which a group of jihadists tied to al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb seized control over a natural gas facility and took dozens of hostages , are indeed alarming . Oil and gas facilities across North Africa , especially in Libya , are likely vulnerable . U.S. diplomatic facilities are almost certainly at risk . But it 's by no means clear what threat al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , or for that matter its ally Ansar Dine , one of the Islamist groups controlling northern Mali , poses to the United States . As terrorism exert Daniel Byman notes , al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb "  largely lost its struggle in Algeria " before joining forces with al Qaeda 's high command in Pakistan and trying to wrap its longstanding fight with the Algerian military into the global jihad . And rebel groups such as the Tuareg have a long history of using harsh tactics to extract concessions from the central government . Is getting involved in their parochial struggles the best way to keep Americans safe ? Perhaps a better question is how involved we want to be . Some reports have linked al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , which has ties to al Qaeda 's leadership in Pakistan , to the Benghazi attack . Three Americans died in the gas plant in Algeria , and seven more barely escaped with their lives . The United States reportedly has had special operations forces in Mali for years . So , in a sense , America already is very much involved . But that does n't mean the right course of action is to get in deeper . To varying degrees , al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb and its allies clearly do pose a threat to U.S. interests in their corner of Africa , but there 's little evidence that they have the capability or intent to strike the U.S. homeland . The United States needs to lead from behind in this region -- but way , way behind , with French and African forces in the front . Al Qaeda would like nothing more than to drag the United States into another protracted quagmire . In her testimony , Clinton outlined the stakes . "  We are in for a struggle , but it is a necessary struggle . We can not permit northern Mali to become a safe haven . "  We 've got to have a better strategy , " she said . I could n't agree more . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Blake Hounshell	Blake Hounshell : Critics focused on Clinton 's fiery comments at hearing , not more pressing issue He says focus should be danger of U.S. getting drawn into fighting extremists in N. Africa He says it 's not clear what threat al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb poses to U.S. Hounshell : U.S. should lead from way behind French , African forces while developing strategy
CNNGo  -- After months of anticipation and cast speculation , "  The Hangover Part II " finally hit screens in Bangkok this week . For anyone unfamiliar with the film , starring Bradley Cooper , Ed Helms and Zach Galifianakis , it is much the same as the previous one : a wedding , a bunch of blokes , alcohol , memory loss and a missing person . Though instead of Las Vegas , this time it 's set in Thailand . According to the film 's producer , Dan Goldberg , Bangkok is "  the last place in the world that these guys should be , which , of course , makes it the perfect place to send them . " Sure , red light districts may be a cliché here in the City of Angels , so they were bound to have a role in the film . But there are plenty more surprises as you follow the wolf pack on their sick night out . "  The different locations provide an interesting cross-section of the city , " says "  The Hangover Part II " line producer Chris Lowenstein , of Thailand-based Living Films . "  Bangkok is essentially one of the characters in the movie , and we 're trying to show how rich of a tapestry it is . " Review : "  The Hangover Part II " If you are looking to create your own "  Hangover " night to forget , here 's the insider 's guide to the film 's Thailand locations and characters . Do n't worry , we left out the spoilers . The Location : Phulay Bay Resort , Krabi Ritz Carlton The Scene : Wedding for Stu  played by Helms  and fiancée Lauren  Jamie Chung  . The Action : The world 's first Ritz-Carlton Reserve , Phulay Bay Krabi has 54 one-bedroom villas with private plunge pools , outdoor baths , 24-hour butler service and the limestone-studded splendor of the Krabi coastal landscape just a Champagne flute 's throw away . Amnesia has never been so pricey nor contracted at such a stunning venue -- online rates starts at 19,550 baht  nearly $ 650  during low season for a night at this more-than-five-star resort . 111 Moo 3 Nongthalay , Krabi . +66  0  7 562 8111 More on CNNGo : 5 ` super luxury ' Thailand resorts The Location : Soi Plaeng Nam , Chinatown The Scene : Phil  Cooper  , Stu and Alan  Galifianakis  wake up the next morning in a dirty hotel in Bangkok sans Teddy  Lauren 's brother , played by Mason Lee  . The Action : Down this alley , best reached by taxi , you can still find bird 's nest soup or buy some Chinese red lanterns to deck out your home . Do n't try to find the room they woke up in -- those "  The Hangover Part II " scenes were filmed on Los Angeles sets . Instead , enjoy an icy drink in a plastic bag while you wait for your rubber stamps to be engraved . Or , the lone wolf can take a prowl through vibrant Chinatown by following this mapped outwalking tour . Bangkok Food Tours also organizes a nighttime "  Chinatown Foodie Walk & Culture Tour " daily , from 6 p.m. - 11 p.m. Standard tickets start at 1,550 baht  about $ 50  per person , inclusive of savories at seven tasting locations and four historical stops . More on CNNGo : Places to avoid when hungover in Bangkok The Location : Song Wad Road Roundabout , Chinatown The Scene : The monkey 's drug dealing intersection . The Action : Last time we checked there were n't any Capuchin monkeys nickel-and-dimeing in this ` hood near the river . But it 's a good place to sit and have a bowl of roadside guay tiow -- noodles -- as you imagine how location manager Somchai Sanitharangkun managed to close off all seven streets leading out from the one-tree roundabout for the filming . To get there , take the Chao Phraya Express boat to the Ratchawong Pier and hang a right at Song Wad Road . The Location : Ancient City  Muang Boran  , Samut Prakan Ancient City The Scene : In an attempt to recall the missing night , the boys are led to the Chinese temple of Ching Mei to meditate , and Alan has a juvenile vision . The Action : Self-proclaimed as the "  world 's largest outdoor museum , " Muang Boran offers a Cliffsnotes-esque what 's what of Thailand 's architectural monuments . A sala was added to create the temple atmosphere for the film near the existing Phra Kaew Pavilion , which , as an Ayuttayan representation for Buddhism , is a fitting place to calm the mind . And do n't worry , stick-wielding Chinese monks -- as depicted in "  The Hangover Part II " -- do n't really live here . Entrance fees for foreigners are 400 baht  about $ 13  for adults and 200 baht  $ 6.50  for children , exclusive of optional golf carts , bicycles and guides . 296/1 Sukhumvit Road , Bangpoo , Samut Prakan . +66  0  2 709 1644 More on CNNGo : Why Thailand can enjoy "  The Hangover Part II " without shame The Location : Soi Cowboy The Scene : At Siam Sam 's Bar , things get a little crazy . The Action : The colorful stretch of dubious nightlife that runs parallel to Sukhumvit Road , linking Asoke to Soi 23 , needs little introduction . "  Siam Sam 's " entrance is actually Cactus Bar , with the interior scenes filmed at Tilac Bar . We ca n't provide links to any of the sites that review these places for obvious reasons , but a Google search will easily lead the way . Do n't bother looking for the back room in search of extracurricular activities or try to escape through the back alley when you 're chased by "  ladies " of the night . All that was filmed in Los Angeles and Chinatown respectively . If you are under 20 years of age or do n't like the color red , loud music , or skimpy clothing , this place is not for you . More on CNNGo : Thailand crowns its newest transgender beauty queen The Location : Sukhumvit Soi 7/1 The Scene : A clue leads the wolf pack to a party street and barber shop , where the boys find themselves strangely unpopular . The Action : This was the set of "  The Hangover Part II " that Bill Clinton visited , but the bars and tattoo parlor purpose-built for the film are not there anymore .  Contrary to rumors , the ex-president does not have a cameo role in this movie  . Small restaurants and bars line this pseudo-red light district , so you can have a drink and reflect on how "  dead-end " applies to more than just the soi . To get there , take the BTS to Nana station . More on CNNGo : 10 easy ways to look like a tourist in Bangkok The Location : Bangkok 's Lebua hotel The Scene : Crime figure Kingsley  Paul Giamatti  first appears . The Action : The entrance to Bankgok 's high-end Sirocco restaurant on the 64th floor of luxury hotel Lebua at State Tower provides arguably the most stunning views of Bangkok you can get , and was the site of several key scenes in the movie . The hotel 's Tower Club was also turned into a film set during the shoot , with the landmark "  golden dome " on top of the building making a few appearances as well . To commemorate the film , the al fresco Sirocco restaurant and adjacent bar  sticklers for dress code  are offering Hangovertini cocktails for 490 baht to kickstart your night in style . The hotel is also offering a special two-night "  The Hangover Part II " package priced at US$ 2,200 . Or fans can stay in Lebua 's "  The Hangover Suite , " a three-bedroom luxury suite that sleeps up to six guests and has a fully-stocked mini-bar and ample party space . 1055 Silom Road , +66 2624 9999 ; http://www.lebua.com/ More on CNNGo : 7 of Asia 's best hotels with a view Who : Ska Rangers What : The wedding band Where : Ska Rangers is a quirky Thai band based in Chiang Mai . Give them a listen here . Two of their songs appear on "  The Hangover Part II " original motion picture soundtrack , available on Amazon.com . If you want them to provide the soundtrack to your big day , contact them via www.facebook.com/skarangers . The Hangover Part II opens in theaters in the United States , Thailand , Australia and the United Kingdom on May 26 , followed by Singapore and Hong Kong on June 2 . Japan 's opening "  Hangover Part II " date is July 1 . © 2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	Fans can visit film locations for "  The Hangover Part II " in Thailand Bangkok 's Lebua hotel has a "  Hangover Part II " package for film enthusiasts Bangkok Food Tours organizes a nighttime "  Chinatown Foodie Walk & Culture Tour "
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- A former employee who had recently been fired from Palm Bay Hospital returned there Thursday afternoon carrying a gun , holed himself up in an office , then apparently killed himself , officials said . The incident began about 2:20 p.m. , when Palm Bay police got a call from people in the hospital cafeteria who said a man was pointing the gun at anyone who tried to talk to him , said police spokeswoman Yvonne Martinez . "  Initially , when he came into the hospital waving the gun , anybody that attempted to make contact with him or communicate with him he just dismissed and pointed the gun at them , " she said . "  Clearly , he appeared to be on a mission . " Earlier she had said that , during the police response , "  we were told that shots had been fired , " but "  nobody was injured . " But she later told reporters that those shots may have been the gunman taking his own life . As police officers and SWAT personnel from Palm Bay and nearby agencies assembled outside the hospital , the hospital was locked down and emergency vehicles were diverted to other hospitals . A few hours later , a robot found the man 's body inside an administrative office near the cafeteria 's food-preparation area . Martinez said the man had had "  issues " with the property manager , was distraught and "  had made some threats as to suicide . " Hospital spokesman Elliot Cohen told CNN that the man , who has not been identified publicly , "  was terminated about a month ago for having a poor attendance record " after having worked at the hospital for about two years . He would not divulge the man 's position . Palm Bay Hospital resumed normal operations as soon as the body was discovered , he said . CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this story .	NEW : A robot found the body The man was a former employee who had been fired Palm Bay Hospital was on lockdown , and the gunman was isolated
CNN  For generations of Americans , the summer job has been a gateway from youth into the adult world of work . But for millions of our young people -- particularly young men and women of color in our cities -- summer employment is primarily a story of opportunity denied . According to 2013 data , young white men were five times more likely to have summer employment than their low-income African American peers . This summer employment gap has far-reaching consequences for our country and must be addressed . There 's a reason why many parents want their children to get summer jobs during college or even the last years of high school . Employment helps young people discover the satisfactions and responsibilities of work . The hard and soft skills they gain are important to enduring success down the road . In some cases , summer jobs help them discover career pathways . Even internships have become crucial resume-building tools . According to one analysis , for every year a teenager works , her income during her 20s rises 14 to 16 % . Unfortunately , the United States has seen a precipitous decline in youth employment -- a 40 % drop over just the last 12 years , according to one study . Another report found that in 2011 less than one-quarter of American teenagers held paid jobs over the course of the entire year . These trends are hitting low-income communities the hardest . Teens from families that earn less than $ 20,000 a year were nearly 20 % less likely to be employed than teens with a family income of $ 60,000 or more . The lack of employment opportunity for lower-income young people and minorities is likely to have a profound effect on their adult years . In today 's increasingly competitive and globalized economy , employers are demanding workers with specific skills and capabilities . However , our educational and training programs are simply not doing enough to equip job seekers with those skills . Recent estimates suggest that up to 4 million jobs in the United States stand unfilled and employers will continue to struggle to fill many of these positions until we increase the number of workers with the right skills . The youth unemployment crisis exacerbates this problem . There is no simple fix for this challenge . But we need to start by focusing on what works . First , more must be done to strengthen the infrastructure of summer youth programs . These programs need to be connected to each other and to private sector resources to ensure that they are preparing young people for today 's jobs market . A framework for assessing and adhering to quality standards is key . Second , we need more private sector engagement . Companies of all sizes need to recognize that preparing the next generation of employees is both the right thing and smart thing to do . They can and should play a role in providing funding and hands-on support for public and non-profit training summer youth employment programs . Finally , we should develop more skills-based summer learning opportunities . Training programs do n't fulfill their potential if they are providing either generalized skills or skills that do n't correlate to job demand . Rather , program managers need to make sure these programs are structured to reflect the specific skill needs of the growing economic sectors in that community so young people can see the path that leads to a rewarding , well-paying job . The good news is that there are plenty of examples of successful programs across the country that can be emulated and scaled up . Last summer , Sacramento launched a coalition of hiring agencies to grow job opportunities for youth . The coalition strengthened individual programs run by leading businesses and nonprofits . Academic partners provided resume , interview and financial management training to further empower students . The program is now set to grow with new partners and a rapidly growing network of hiring companies . Similarly , last year JPMorgan Chase worked with local governments and nonprofit partners to support programs in 14 cities across the country from Jersey City to Seattle to create jobs for 50,000 teens and learning opportunities for another 50,000 young people . Strategic and well-resourced partnerships can turn the summer months into a period of growth and opportunity . We owe it to our young people and our entire country to make sure more summer youth employment programs are available that are integrated into our existing school year investments in education and training . It is time for government , business and nonprofits to turn summer from months where skills and learning atrophy to a time when our young people are put on the springboard to successful lives .	The U.S. has seen a precipitous decline in youth employment -- a 40 % drop over the last 12 years Kevin Johnson , Peter Scher : For young people of color , summer employment is a story of opportunity denied
CNN  -- Basketball legend Michael Jordan has caused a furor at the President 's Cup golf tournament after the former Chicago Bulls player was snapped smoking a cigar at the Harding Park course in San Francisco . Michael Jordan smoking a cigar at the Hardin Park golf course . Jordan -- who is acting as the honorary assistant captain for the U.S. team at the event -- puffed while playing a practice round despite the city 's ban on smoking at public golf courses . Pictures were published in the San Francisco Chronicle of the 46-year-old flouting the rules , a move which prompted city officials to request the PGA Tour to remind Jordan of the law . "  It was sort of a gentle nudge reminding them that smoking is illegal and that we would appreciate their support , " Recreation and Park General Manager Phil Ginsburg told the Chronicle . The breaking of the smoking ban carries a $ 100 fine , however , Matt Dorsey , the spokesman for City Attorney Dennis Herrera , told the newspaper : "  Just do n't expect me to ask him for it . " Fred Couples invited Jordan to be an honorary assistant captain at the Presidents Cup , and the Hall of Famer spoke to reporters on Monday about his smoking . "  I heard this is a public place , so they limit what you can smoke , but this was a practice round and no one said anything , " he told the gathered media . British Open champion Stewart Cink backed Jordan despite the outcry suggesting the cigar was unlit : "  The tobacco usage did become a little bit of a story out there , because I saw Michael with a cigar in his mouth that was unlit . "  He 's trying to set a good example for the rest of the people who see on TV what we are doing out there , just try to set a good example and try to chew his tobacco instead of smoke it . "	Presidents Cup golf tournament is being held at the Harding Park course Under San Francisco law it is illegal to smoke while playing at the event Michael Jordan was photographed smoking at cigar during a practice round Jordan is the honorary assistant captain for the U.S. team at the event
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Deep into injury time in one of Manchester United 's most important games of the English Premier League season a 17-year-old Italian on debut hit a stunning winner and lifted himself to instant stardom . Man of the moment : Seventeen-year-old Federico Macheda is now a legend at Manchester United Federico Macheda was the teenager who came on as a substitute and scored late on Sunday for the Red Devils -- helping them to a 3-2 win after they had earlier trailed 2-1 to Aston Villa at Old Trafford . The finish was of the highest quality -- as he curled the ball past Villa goal-keeper Brad Freidel from a wide angle . His fine touch , turn and shot were made all the more amazing given their significance in the context of both the match and season . But , who is this 17-year-old hero ? And how did he get to live his fairytale ? Born in Rome in 1991  yes , 1991  , Macheda , known by team-mates as "  Kiko " , is a striker who developed his game through the ranks of the Lazio youth programme in Italy -- where he is considered as one of the brightest talents of the future . He made a move to Manchester United in September 2007 , and quickly moved up the ranks -- starting out in the under-18 side , before progressing to the senior reserve team . He officially signed a professional contract with the club on his 17th birthday , in August 2008 . Although Sunday 's goal puts his name permanently on the minds of all Manchester United faithful , it 's not the first time he has made an impression . Just six days before he scored a thrilling hat-trick for the reserve team in a 3-3 draw against Newcastle at St James ' Park . He has also represented Italy at under 19 level . What did you think of Macheda 's goal ? Can he go on to become a top club and international player ? Share your thoughts in the Sound Off box below . Macheda was eventually booked for celebrating with the crowd after his strike -- though he later revealed he had hugged family members -- who were in the crowd to see his debut . He was named man of the match for his goal  after playing just 30 minutes  and although he was n't allowed the bottle of wine he won for the honor -- he told Manchester United television "  this is the best day of my life . " In the post-match interview on Sky Sports , Macheda said : "  I think this is the day of my dreams -- to score a goal like that on my debut . " The Manchester United Supporters ' Web site has since been inundated with comments praising Macheda , and there are even several proposed supporters ' chants being drafted for their new star . English-based Italian football journalist Gabriele Marcotti told CNN he had been impressed by Macheda 's progress at a young age -- but felt it was important he did n't get ahead of himself . "  When a guy scores like that on debut there 's always excitement . But , he needs to keep his feet on the ground and keep working , " Marcotti said . Marcotti said the reaction from Italian fans was likely to be mixed . While there would be happiness that he is emerging as a great prospect for Italy in future , there is also concern that players like Macheda are moving to England at a young age and the Italian clubs who train them gain very little in compensation , he said .	Federico Macheda scores stoppage time winner for Manchester United The 3-2 win for Red Devils is crucial in context of Premier League season Macheda , a product of Lazio 's youth programme , is just 17 years old "  This is the best day of my life , " Macheda said after the victory
CNN  -- As anger grows over the continuing oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , friends and family gathered Tuesday , united in grief , to pay tribute to the 11 men lost in the explosion of the drilling rig that triggered the underwater gusher . "  Today we gather here as a community -- a community that none of us ever wanted to be a part of , " said Steven Newman , president and chief executive officer of Transocean , which owns the rig . "  A community of loss , of remembrance but also of hope and most of all a community of faith . A faith that has been tested by this tragedy and one that we hope will be strengthened by this gathering . " The men lost in the April 20 blast aboard the Deepwater Horizon were remembered as husbands , fathers , avid hunters and fishermen . "  These were exceptional men , " Newman said during the emotional ceremony . "  They were colleagues and crewmembers . Hard-working men who loved their country and their god . " A gospel choir sang religious hymns , and country star Trace Adkins , himself a former oil worker , gave a brief video statement before a photo montage was played to the soundtrack of his song about life on the rig , "  Black Gold . " Banners with the images of the victims -- Donald Clark , Shane Roshto , Dewey Revette , Adam Weise , Wyatt Kemp , Dale Burkeen , Jason Anderson , Karl Kleppinger , Stephen Curtis , Gordon Jones and Blair Manuel -- hung from the ceiling of the Jackson Convention Complex in Jackson , Mississippi . An engraved ship bell rang 11 times to mark each victim 's death , and families were presented with one of the 11 bronze hard hats that ringed the stage to represent their loved one 's loss . None of the men was found following the explosion despite a massive search effort . "  It 's hard for us , " Naomi Beckham , the aunt of crane operator Dale Burkeen , said after the service . "  We ai n't got no closure . We do n't have a body for him . "	11 men died in Deepwater Horizon explosion Country singer Trace Adkins made a video appearance Bodies of the 11 men have not been found
CNN  -- Diplomats sought new ways to forge peace in Syria on Friday as the killings continued in the restive land . Kofi Annan , the special envoy to Syria for the Arab League and the United Nations , urged countries to use their pull on the combatants to stop the fighting . He is also planning an international meeting to discuss next steps on Syria . "  It is time for countries of influence to raise the level of pressure on the parties on the ground and to persuade them that it is in their interest to stop the killing and start talking , " Annan said in Geneva , Switzerland . "  I urge all parties to heed the call for a cessation of violence in all its forms , first and foremost for the sake of the Syrian people , the children and women in particular . I think they have suffered for far too long and continue to suffer . But if our efforts are to succeed , we shall need the united and sustained support of the international community . This is essential . " The diplomatic wrangling comes as violence continues to rage across the country . Since the uprising began in March 2011 , violence has killed more than 15,000 people in Syria , mostly civilians , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . The United Nations has said that at least 10,000 people have been killed in the conflict . At least 128 people died Thursday in one of the deadliest days of the 15-month conflict , and another 87 deaths have been recorded Friday , the opposition Local Coordination Committees said . Thirteen people died in Homs , 11 in Aleppo and 10 in the Damascus suburbs . The Local Coordination Committees said that more than 10 massacres have occurred in the past few days , including recent ones in Inkhel and Douma . News also emerged Friday of a recent mass killing and constant shelling in Daret Azza , in Aleppo province . Syrian state-run TV says "  armed terrorist gangs " kidnapped "  innocent civilians " and "  desecrated their bodies , " an act it describes as a "  barbaric massacre " in the area . It said that more than 25 people have been killed . The opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said 26 people shot and killed in the area were members of a pro-government militia called the Shabiha , who are themselves blamed for killings of civilians . Syria consistently blames terrorists for the violence . Opposition groups say the violence began when a government crackdown on peaceful protesters generated a nationwide uprising . CNN can not confirm specific reports of violence in Syria because the government has restricted access to the country by international journalists . Annan and Maj. Gen. Robert Mood , the head of the suspended U.N. observer mission in Syria , described a bleak scenario to reporters in Geneva , Switzerland . Annan said that in the past few days , he has been in "  intensive consultations with a number of ministers and officials in capitals around the world about the possibility of convening a meeting of ministers to discuss what further actions could be taken to implement the Security Council resolutions . " "  We can not just step back and do nothing , and this is why I say , if we have alternatives , let 's go with it , " Annan said . Annan favors the inclusion of Iran in such a meeting . "  The composition of the group will be such that I hope that apart from Security Council members , the permanent members of the Security Council , it will include governments and countries with influence on one or the other parties , coming together and deciding that they will cooperate and work together , realizing that it is only when the international community comes together and sustains its pressure and effort that we get results . Today , honestly speaking , that is not happening , " he said . Annan was asked what actions he would like to see taken at the upcoming conference . "  We either have to find ways of getting the plan implemented , if we think it is still worthwhile pursuing it , and if the plan is not worthwhile , what other options are we going to look at and begin to take a look at them , " he said . "  There may be recommendations emanating from the group that the council would want to act on , but they as a group will not take that kind of decisions . I hope they will decide to use their collective influence on the parties to push them in the right direction as well as perhaps coming up with ideas that the council can work on . " Both men discussed the deteriorating humanitarian situation . Annan said that up to 1.5 million people are affected somehow by the warfare . He said that at least 92,000 people have fled to other countries in the region . Mood said the "  level of destruction " is massive in violence-stricken flashpoints , such as neighborhoods in Homs , Daraa and Hama . "  I am also particularly concerned about the continued military occupation of hospitals , health facilities and schools , also preventing access to medical attention for those in need . Which means the need for the humanitarian response plan to be effective and the scale of rebuilding and reconstruction that is before us once there is a cessation of violence is enormous , " he said . The International Committee of the Red Cross said one of its teams tried to enter neighborhoods in Homs to help people caught in the crossfire , but Mood said "  civilians continue to be trapped in the line of fire . " "  There is a need to call on all parties when they are pursuing their objectives by military means to distinguish very clearly between civilians and combatants . It is not always easy . And all parties must abide by the obligation to keep civilians out of harm 's way . And obviously it is the government that has the primary responsibility to civilian populations to protect them from all forms of violence . The latest attempts by the  Syrian Arab Red Crescent  and the ICRC to have a breakthrough related to evacuating the civilians -- children , women , elderly -- out of Homs have regrettably not yet succeeded , " Mood said . Mood has been leading a mission to monitor what is a failed cease-fire and the government 's adherence to a six-point peace plan that has not taken hold . But the mission had to be suspended because of rising violence . He said the observers are still in Syria and are conducting administrative activities . The Local Coordination Committees said that more than 3,600 people have died since the Annan plan began this year . "  The observers in Syria , at the moment , they are mainly in their team sites and at headquarters , " Mood said . "  That does not mean that we are doing nothing . It means that , from their team sites , they have view of surrounding areas , the cities . We are also continuing the engagement by telephone with the different parties , and we also have some patrols going to local hospitals and assessing the situation . So the normal administrative activities are ongoing , but patrols and exploring new areas and going into new projects is not on the agenda while the activities are suspended . Obviously , given the fact that the mandate is for 90 days and that it does n't expire until the 20th of July , my focus is to be able to continue to implement the mandated tasks as soon as the situation allows . And a less risky level of violence makes that possible . " Annan said the observers are "  keen to resume their work . " "  In the short time that they have been there , they have engaged not just with the parties but with communities at all levels of society in the cities and towns where they have been deployed , " Annan said . "  Their commitment to the Syrian people has not faltered . But the circumstances must allow them to do their work . And we all know that they are unarmed men and women who are doing courageous work . " Annan has n't lost hope about the mission . He said he 's seen other situations where plans are implemented and progress is reached after long delays . "  I have seen situations where plans have not been implemented for a while , and then suddenly there are shifts , shifts take place on the ground in strategic alliances , and you can see progress . And I hope we can see some of the positive shifts in positions of government , their willingness to pressure , or to take certain actions to give us movement , " he said . Annan was asked when he 'll know the crisis will spiral out of control . "  If it does continue to escalate , there will come a moment when not only the U.N. but everybody will see very clearly that the situation is not sustainable , is not controllable and is beyond control of everyone . And we do n't want to get there . his is why we are trying to press and push to see if we can get the parties to take steps to end the violence before we get to that stage . I do n't think we are there yet , but we may not be far from there . " Meanwhile , Russia 's foreign minister says Syrian leaders are ready to work with the rebels to synchronize a pullout of forces . Russia is a friend of Syria 's , and world powers believe that it has tremendous pull with President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . "  Among the most important positions in our vision for the forthcoming conference on Syria is that the government forces and armed forces of the opposition should make a synchronized withdrawal of forces from towns and centers of population under control of international observers . The Syrian government has told me today they are ready to do this , " Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told Rossiya 24 TV . "  It 's now important that the other side gets ready for the move and that the U.N. mission in Syria draws up the necessary  withdrawal  plans and pursue their implementation . " Russia has no plans to send naval forces to Syria with soldiers on board , Lavrov said Friday in response to recent media reports . . CNN 's Saad Abedine , Hamdi Alkhshali and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Annan and the head of the U.N. observer mission brief reporters Friday Thursday was one of the bloodiest days in the Syrian conflict Syria claims terrorists fired at Red Cross officials in Homs
CNN  -- Don Henley , a founding member of "  The Eagles , " is suing a Republican candidate for the U.S. Senate , claiming the candidate is misusing two of his popular songs . Don Henley performs at the Stagecoach Country Music Festival on May 2 , 2008 . The suit filed Friday in federal court in California claims Charles DeVore is using Henley 's hit songs "  The Boys of Summer " and "  All She Wants to Do Is Dance " without authorization . The suit comes from two campaign videos that DeVore posted on YouTube that used Henley 's music , according to the lawsuit . In one of the videos , DeVore 's campaign changed the words of "  All She Wants to Do Is Dance " to lyrics that attacked Sen. Barbara Boxer , the lawsuit alleges . Mike Campbell , who co-wrote "  Boys of Summer , " is also named as a plaintiff in the lawsuit . "  Don Henley and Mike Campbell brought this action to protect their song , ` The Boys of Summer , ' which was taken and used without their permission , " Henley 's spokesman said . "  The infringers have vowed to continue exploiting this and other copyrighted works , as it suits them , to further their own ambitions and agenda . It was necessary to file a lawsuit to stop them . " DeVore , a member of the California State Assembly , is running against Boxer , a Democrat , in the 2010 election , according to his Web site . DeVore mentions Henley 's legal actions on the Web site . "  We 're responding with a counter-claim , asserting our First Amendment right to political free speech , " the site said . "  While the legal issues play out , it 's time to up the ante on Mr. Henley 's liberal goon tactics . By popular request , I have penned the words to our new parody song . " DeVore then posted the lyrics of a song he called "  All She Wants to Do Is Tax . " CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Don Henley files lawsuit against Republican running for Senate seat Henley claims Charles DeVore used his songs without permission DeVore is running against California Sen. Barbara Boxer
Kuala Lumpur  CNN  -- Launching off a 300-meter-high tower platform with only seconds to pull your rip cord might sound like the act of an insane person . But that 's exactly what 103 base jumpers from 20 countries -- presumably all of sound mind -- did in Malaysia over the weekend . The jumps were part of the annual KL Tower International Jump 2013 , held in Kuala Lumpur from September 27 to 30 . Kat Donahue , 32 , a location manager from the United States , was one of six women jumping this year . "  A lot of people do say I 'm crazy but my family is pretty supportive , " she said . "  Jumping can be scary , but when you calm your nerves and become quiet it 's very peaceful out there , meditative . Base jumping can be solitary but this is such a social event , it 's great . " This year 's jump also welcomed Sean Chuma from the U.S. , a pioneer in tandem base jumps , and Lonnie Bissonnette , a paraplegic base jumper from Canada . More : 10 things to know before visiting Malaysia "  Lonnie is inspiring for me as there are extra risks involved for him , but he has been jumping for years , " said event organizer Gary Cunningham , 42 , an electronic engineer from Australia . "  Unfortunately his accident was caused by base jumping , but he highlights how if one avenue closes you focus on what you can do . Lonnie has been able to do some pretty amazing stuff . " Cunningham has been organizing the Kuala Lumpur event since 2005 and has around 2,900 jumps under his belt . He said if you want to try base jumping , start by skydiving . "  Through skydiving you learn precision falling and how to handle parachutes . You also learn how to deal with things when they go wrong . The potential risk is very real . " World 's worst pick-up line ? With risk comes reward -- the ultimate adrenalin buzz . But you 'd be mistaken to assume that saying you 're a base jumper works as a pick-up line . "  It does n't help you pick up women , it helps you lose them actually , " said Peter Wyllie , 33 , a junior doctor from Australia . "  Women tend to see base jumpers as not a particularly secure future . Who wants to have babies with someone who is committed to tracking down a 4,000 foot wall ? " The point was echoed by David Laffargue , 24 , from France . "  Some women say they 're scared of the sport , but then I do also spend all my time and money on base jumping ! " ' 100 % of people who drink bottled water die ' Base jumping is dangerous . From 1981 to the present there have been more than 200 fatalities related to the sport . The base jumping community tries to minimize risks . In order to leap from the KL Tower , which opened in the Malaysian capital in 1996 , jumpers need to have two years of experience and more than 120 jumps under their belt . More : 10 best islands for a Malaysia holiday Veteran base jumper Chris "  Douggs " McDougall , 37 , known for shouting "  ready , steady , spaghetti " as he throws himself off the edge , stresses safety . "  It 's not about having -LSB- guts -RSB- , it 's about arming yourself with knowledge -- risk management is key , " he said . "  We accept what we do is dangerous but we want to see everyone walk away safely . One hundred percent of people who drink bottled water die . Life is a risk . If you accept that you will die you get on with living . Base jumpers focus on the positive . " Insane ? "  Bonkers , " "  mad " and "  nuts " were adjectives hurled at jumpers by spectators attached to the tower 's ledge with safety harnesses , as they looked over the edge and snapped photos . "  We did n't realize the festival was going on , " said UK tourist Jessica Pugh , standing on the open deck of the tower watching jumpers leap . "  We were just sat in Nando 's and saw someone fall off the tower -- we thought they 'd jumped , " added her partner , Jordan Lott . "  Thankfully we saw them pull the parachute . That was an experience in itself and then we came up here to see it . It feels better to watch than to do it yourself . " More : How to do Malaysia ... and get it right CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However , CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Base jumpers from 20 countries took part in the KL Tower International Jump 2013 Jumpers leaped from 300-meter-high platform , have only seconds to release parachutes Paraplegic base jumper from Canada among festival participants
Okolona , Mississippi  CNN  -- For more than three months , Linda Smith has wondered how the man who police say was driving drunk and involved in a crash last year that killed her daughter could be pardoned for a previous felony drunken driving offense . Former Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour has said he did n't know that retired IRS investigator Harry Bostick had been arrested for a DUI months after the state 's parole board recommended that Barbour grant him a full pardon .  Police have determined that while Bostick was driving under the influence , he was not at fault for the accident But e-mails recently obtained by CNN show that Barbour 's office was aware of Bostick 's October DUI arrest months before Barbour pardoned him along with more than 200 other convicted felons during his last days in office in January . "  They knew it , and they did n't stop it , " said Smith , referring to the pardon . "  Why did n't they do something ? " Smith spoke to CNN , overcome with emotion after reading the e-mails obtained through a public records request from Mississippi 's Department of Archives and History . The e-mails show that Amanda Jones , the governor 's chief counsel , and Secretary of State Delbert Hosemann were told about the October car crash that killed Linda Smith 's 18-year-old daughter , Charity Smith , just days after it happened . Read the e-mails  PDF Jones and Hosemann were even urged by a lawyer in the firm that represented Bostick not to issue the pardon , according to the e-mails . It is not known whether anyone communicated this information to Barbour . His spokeswoman would not comment on the e-mails , citing an ongoing case on executive pardon power that is before the state Supreme Court . Barbour granted Bostick a full pardon in January for a felony drunken driving offense in March 2009 . It was Bostick 's third drunken driving arrest in a little more than year . The full pardon gave Bostick back the rights that were taken away as a felon , such as voting , but his two other DUI convictions remain on his record , according to the state attorney 's office in Lafayette County . Bostick was still going through a court-mandated drug rehab program when he applied for a pardon last summer . On September 30 , the Mississippi Parole Board sent its review of Bostick 's application to Barbour , recommending a full pardon in a 3-2 vote . A week later , on October 7 , Bostick was driving under the influence again , according to the Mississippi Highway Patrol . Charity Smith attempted to pull out onto a highway just outside Tupelo when Bostick 's truck slammed into the side of her car . Charity Smith was killed , and her older sister suffered serious injuries . Bostick was jailed for violating his probation from his previous DUI cases . When he received the pardon in January , the convicted DUI felon still sat in an Oxford , Mississippi , jail cell , awaiting formal charges for his fourth drunken driving arrest . A police investigation found that Bostick was under the influence of alcohol while driving but has determined that he was not at fault for the accident , according to the Mississippi Highway Patrol . Bostick has not been charged , and his case is expected to go before a grand jury , according to the state attorney 's office . If he is charged and convicted for the DUI offense , he will avoid the possibility of a stiffer sentence because it will be treated as his third DUI offense , instead of his fourth . However , he could go back to being a felon , and losing the rights restored to him under the pardon , with a third conviction . Neither Bostick nor his lawyers have returned calls from CNN seeking comment . Bostick 's case offers a close look into the pardon process and the friendships and ties that often intersect with the political world . High-profile friends of the former federal investigator 's , including lawyers and former U.S. attorneys , wrote letters to Barbour touting what they called Bostick 's genuine lifestyle change . The letters detail what friends described as Bostick 's slide into alcoholism after the tragic death of his teenage son in a "  freakish house fire " and his subsequent divorce , according to pardon and parole documents obtained by CNN . "  Harry Bostick has led a tragic life . A life that has now been turned around by a grace that is bigger than him , " wrote retired U.S. Attorney Jim Greenlee . "  He can now be a positive factor in many lives . " Another former federal prosecutor , Bob Whitwell , who is married to the sister of Greenlee 's wife , also tried to help Bostick get his pardon . "  Bostick is a friend . He was a very good agent and worked a lot of drug cases and money laundering cases for me , " Whitwell told CNN . "  He was an outstanding officer . I knew him as a friend . " Whitwell , an attorney in the firm that has represented Bostick in his DUI cases , said he called Hosemann , his old law school friend , to help with the pardon , even though the secretary of state 's office has no official authority to issue pardons . After the October crash that killed Charity Smith , Whitwell reached out to Hosemann in an October 11 e-mail , asking him to back off on the pardon . "  You asked me if he was straight and I gave you my word yes . For this I give you my sincere apology . I had no idea he had messed up . Therefore . Hold up on helping him . All of us are in shock . Sorry , " Whitwell wrote . He signed the letter , "  Your friend bob . " Hosemann forwarded this e-mail to Barbour 's chief counsel , Amanda Jones . Her e-mail reply : "  ok will do . " It 's not known whether Jones spoke to Barbour about this before he issued Bostick 's pardon . She did not return calls seeking comment . A spokeswoman for Hosemann said he never discussed the matter directly with Barbour . Jones no longer works in the governor 's office and is currently employed by the Mississippi law firm Butler Snow , the same firm that employs the former governor . Whitwell said the October e-mail was the last communication he had about Bostick 's pardon . "  I told Delbert that I wanted him to pull back that pardon . It must not have gotten to the governor if he got pardoned , " he said . Barbour has repeatedly said that as a Christian , he believes in forgiveness and second chances . Wearing a pendant with her daughter 's image emblazoned on it , Linda Smith said she sees the whole affair as the good ol' boy network at its worst . "  All I think about is my child every day , but I do know that certain people had to know , and they did n't do anything , " she said with tears in her eyes . "  Haley Barbour had to have known . It 's their job to tell him , so he had to have known , " she said . "  How do you do that ? " Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Harry Bostick , a convicted DUI felon , was arrested in October for drunken driving He was involved in a crash that killed 18-year-old Charity Smith At the time , Mississippi 's parole board had approved his pardon request E-mails show that governor 's office knew about fourth arrest before his pardon
CNN  -- A U.N. tribunal convicted two Serb cousins Monday of having burned alive more than 100 Muslims in what the presiding judge called a part of the "  wretched history of man 's inhumanity to man . " Serb Milan Lukic has been found guilty of burning alive more than 100 Muslims . Milan Lukic and Sredoje Lukic were convicted of crimes dating back to the early 1990s , during the bitter ethnic conflict that ravaged the former Yugoslavia . Milan Lukic organized a group of local paramilitaries with ties to police and the military , sometimes referred to as the "  White Eagles " or "  Avengers , " according to an indictment . Before and during the war , his cousin Sredoje Lukic worked as a policeman before joining the group . The crimes include two incidents in which Muslim men , women and children were forced into homes that were then set on fire -- and some who tried to escape were shot . Milan Lukic was found "  guilty of persecutions , murder , extermination , cruel treatment and inhumane acts , as crimes against humanity and war crimes , in relation to six discrete incidents , " the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia  ICTY  at the Hague said . He was sentenced to life in prison . Sredoje Lukic was found guilty of "  aiding and abetting the commission of the crime of persecutions inhumane acts , murder and cruel treatment . " He was sentenced to 30 years in prison . Their crimes were committed during the 1990s . Bosnia-Herzegovina seceded from Yugoslavia in 1992 and Radovan Karadzic declared himself president of a Bosnian Serb republic . The Bosnian Serbs , backed by the Serb-dominated Yugoslav military and paramilitary forces , quickly seized control of most of the country and laid siege to Sarajevo , the capital . During the conflict that followed , the Serb forces launched what they called the "  ethnic cleansing " of the territories under their control -- the forced displacement and killings of Muslims and Croats . The cousins ' cases are a small part of the caseload the Tribunal has dealt with regarding violations of humanitarian law committed in the former Yugoslavia between 1991 and 2001 . Since its creation the Tribunal has indicted 161 people on charges of serious violations of humanitarian law . The court found Milan Lukic responsible for the murder of 59 Muslim women , children and elderly men in a house in the town of Visegrad . "  On 14 June 1992 , the victims were locked into one room of the house which was then set on fire , " the tribunal wrote . "  Milan Lukic was found to have placed the explosive device into the room , which set the house ablaze . Milan Lukic shot at people trying to escape from the burning house . " Sredoje Lukic "  knew what would happen to the victims that he helped herd " into the home , the court wrote in its judgment . Milan Lukic was also found guilty of the murder of at least 60 Muslim civilians in another house in Visegrad later that same month . The court found that he and others "  forced the civilians inside the house , blocked all exits and threw in several explosive devices and petrol , setting the house on fire . " In all , the court found that Milan Lukic "  personally killed at least 132 Muslim people . " The defense for both men denied the accusations against them , but the evidence demonstrated their guilt , the court said in its judgment . "  The perpetration by Milan Lukic and Sredoje Lukic of crimes in this case is characterized by a callous and vicious disregard for human life , " presiding judge Patrick Robinson said . "  In the all too long , sad and wretched history of man 's inhumanity to man , the Pionirska street and Bikavac fires must rank high . "  At the close of the twentieth century , a century marked by war and bloodshed on a colossal scale , these horrific events stand out for the viciousness of the incendiary attack , for the obvious premeditation and calculation that defined it , for the sheer callousness and brutality of herding , trapping and locking the victims in the two houses , thereby rendering them helpless in the ensuing inferno , and for the degree of pain and suffering inflicted on the victims as they were burnt alive . "	U.N. tribunal convicts Serb cousins of burning alive more than 100 Muslims Milan Lukic , Sredoje Lukic convicted of crimes dating back to the early 1990s Muslim men , women and children forced into homes that were then set on fire
Salvation Army bell-ringers are a familiar ornament outside local retailers during the holiday season , but over the past month it has n't been the rings from their bells that are catching people 's ears . "  Wedding rings seem to be the token item this year for donations , " said Haven Sink , director of public relations for the Salvation Army in Wake County , North Carolina . A wave of wedding ring donations has hit the Salvation Army 's Red Kettle campaign this year , with seven separate instances of ring donations reported over the past month , according to the organization . "  It 's very curious , " said Jennifer Byrd , national public relations director for the Salvation Army . "  Maybe some of these rings came from marriages that did n't work out and they just wanted to do something positive with them ? " On Friday , a diamond ring was donated at a Goffstown , New Hampshire , kettle , one of three rings generously deposited by the same donor . "  I was overwhelmed , " said Salvation Army organizer Debbie Urella , upon finding a third ring in a red bucket . "  I know who donated the rings . We 've helped her in the past and she wanted to repay us . " The donor chose to remain anonymous . Urella plans to have the rings appraised after Christmas . The phenomenon has hit other parts of the country as well . Wedding bands have turned up at the bottom of red kettles in two cities in Florida , in Raleigh , North Carolina , in Shawnee , Kansas , and in Spokane , Washington , where a diamond ring worth $ 5,000 was wrapped in a dollar bill . "  I think people know that when they give something to the Salvation Army they trust the organization will do the most good with it , " Byrd said . "  Whether it 's a diamond ring or otherwise , they know it will help people in their local community . "	"  Wedding rings seem to be the token item this year , " a Salvation Army worker says Maybe "  they just wanted something positive " to come out of a marriage , an official says The rings will go toward helping people in the local communities
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Moammar Gadhafi 's military machine pounded the western city of Misrata again Tuesday as France and Britain called for beefed-up NATO airstrikes to stop such attacks on the Libyan people . Witnesses reported heavy shelling in central Misrata , besieged for weeks and the scene of some of the worst fighting in the Libyan conflict . At least 10 people were killed and 30 others wounded in the heavy shelling , a doctor operating in two central clinics told CNN . The doctor , identified only as Dr. Hakim for safety reasons , said medical teams are exhausted from treating the wounded . Rebel fighter Moaath al-Misrati told CNN the shelling came after rebels killed several of Gadhafi 's snipers . "  We are expecting a ground offensive by the Gadhafi forces any time now , " he said . The witnesses said all telephone communications , including mobile service , had been cut . British Foreign Secretary William Hague and French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe both called Tuesday for NATO to get more aggressive in Libya , and a rebel leader issued a plea for the international community to carry out the U.N. Security Council resolution of March 17 , which calls for "  all necessary measures to protect civilians under threat of attack " in the North African country . Hague told reporters in Brussels , Belgium , that "  a huge amount has been achieved in Libya , but clearly there is more to be done . " Juppe said NATO needs to fully embrace the role it accepted -- to protect Libyan civilians from Gadhafi 's forces . "  NATO wanted to take charge of the military operations , we accepted it , " Juppe said on France Info radio . "  It has to carry out its role today , which means to prevent Gadhafi from using heavy weapons to bombard the population . " Specifically , Juppe mentioned the attacks on Misrata , where on Monday at least five civilians -- including two toddlers , a 75-year-old man and an Algerian worker -- were killed and more than 20 people wounded in mortar attacks , according to witnesses . In Benghazi , Abdel Hafiz Ghoga , the deputy chairman of the Transitional National Council , issued an "  urgent statement " calling on the international community "  to intervene and stop the massacres that Gadhafi promised in Misrata , and to implement the UN resolution in any possible means . " Ghoga told CNN that the opposition has submitted a wish list of military equipment to Qatar and France . He said the list was compiled by rebel military leaders and he did n't know exactly what was being requested . Last week , when asked by CNN 's Reza Sayah which countries were providing rebels with weapons and training , Ghoga said , "  We are in communication with our brothers in Qatar and also with our brothers in the Egyptian republic and with our friends in Italy and France . " He indicated in the interview that the weapons were on their way to Libya . Meanwhile , Libya 's most high-profile defector flew from Britain to Qatar Tuesday for talks on how to break the deadly impasse in his nation . Former Libyan Foreign Minister Moussa Koussa flew to the Qatari capital , Doha , to meet with government officials and Libyan opposition leaders ahead of the first meeting Wednesday of the Libya Contact Group , formed in London last month and charged with implementing United Nations resolutions . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon will also attend . In a news conference in Benghazi , Ghoga did not explicity reject the idea of opposition leaders ' meeting with Koussa in Doha , but said such a meeting was "  not on the agenda . " In an earlier interview with the BBC , Koussa had expressed concern that the situation in Libya was spiraling downward into a grinding war , in the mold of the conflict in Somalia . Koussa , who fled Libya last month and sought safe haven in Britain after resigning his post in Gadhafi 's regime , urged all parties to avoid plunging Libya into a civil war . "  This will lead to  much bloodshed  , and Libya will be a new Somalia , " Koussa told the BBC . Koussa , a longtime Gadhafi confidant and a former Libyan intelligence chief , also told BBC , "  The solution in Libya will come from the Libyans themselves through discussion and democratic dialogue . " did not explicitly reject the idea of meeting with Libya 's held a press conference on Tuesday and when asked if the opposition would be open to a meeting with Moussa Koussa - Libya 's former Foreign Minister - in Doha , the Deputy Chairman of the Transitional National Council did not explicitly reject the idea . He told reporters a meeting with Moussa Koussa in Doha "  was not on the agenda . " An African Union attempt at forging peace fell flat when Ghoga and fellow rebel leader Mustafa Abdul Jalil rejected it on grounds that it did not provide any solutions to violence against the Libyan people . Gadhafi had agreed in principle to stop hostilities and allow outside forces to help keep the peace , his government and African Union mediators said Monday in a joint statement after a meeting in Tripoli . The African Union plan announced Monday did not address whether Gadhafi will step down , nor is it binding . According to the memorandum detailed by Ramtane Lamara , the African Union 's commissioner for peace and security , the plan had four elements : -- An immediate end to all fighting -- Libyan authorities ' cooperation "  to facilitate the diligent delivery of humanitarian assistance " -- The protection of foreign nationals in Libya -- The start of talks involving various Libyan authorities , including opposition figures , with the aim of setting up "  an inclusive transition period " to adopt and implement "  political reforms necessary for the elimination of the causes of the current crisis . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Monday that Washington is still "  waiting to get a full readout " from participants in the African Union 's peace mission in Libya . "  We 've made it very clear that we want to see a cease-fire , " Clinton said . But she said there also must be , among other things , a resumption of water , electricity and other services to Libyan cities that have been "  brutalized by Gadhafi 's forces . " She also reiterated the U.S. position that Gadhafi needs to step down from power . Ghoga , the Transitional National Council 's deputy chairman , on Tuesday said rebel forces were "  fighting in the direction of Brega " from the western gate of the "  completely liberated " city of Ajdabiya . "  Gadhafi 's forces still have some elements in Brega , " he told reporters . "  We added more security personnel to protect the oil fields in the city because the regime is trying to strand us economically . " "  The situation in Tripoli is very dire , " Ghoga continued . He said fuel and food there were depleted "  because all fuel is being for the Gadhafi forces ' need  s  . " Ghoga also claimed that "  thousands of demonstrators " opposing the regime were arrested in the capital and that "  a large number of them were executed in the Saladin military academy , " but did n't provide further details . CNN could not independently confirm those claims . He added that on Monday , "  there was a massive demonstration in Fashloum in Tripoli , and the majority were hiding their faces , fearing arrest . " CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Reza Sayah and Ben Wedeman contributed to this report	NEW : Leading rebel official calls on international community to help Libyan civilians At least 10 killed in Misrata shelling , doctor says France and Britain call for intensified NATO attacks Ex-Foreign Minister Koussa flies to Qatar ahead of an international meeting
CNN  -- The Florida case of a trooper ticketing a Miami police officer in his squad car for driving 120 miles per hour "  is a simple misunderstanding that has been blown out of proportion , " the officer 's attorney said Friday . Officer Fausto Lopez , 35 , of Miami was handcuffed at gunpoint last month and charged with second-degree reckless driving , a misdemeanor , according to the Florida Highway Patrol . Lopez , who was speeding on the Florida Turnpike , was released shortly after , authorities said . Lopez was accused of weaving his marked police car through traffic at more than 120 miles an hour so he could be on time for his off-duty job , authorities said . He led Florida trooper D.J. Watts on a seven-minute , nearly 12-mile chase in the predawn darkness of October 11 , a highway patrol report said . "  It was an unfortunate situation that happened , and although Officer Lopez may have been going too fast , the Florida Highway Patrol trooper clearly overreacted , " Bill Matthewman , Lopez 's attorney , told CNN . "  This matter was very much blown out of proportion . " "  Officer Fausto LÃ ³ pez is a good police officer who has worked as a uniform patrol officer on the streets of Miami for nearly six years , protecting the citizens of Miami , " Matthewman said separately in a statement . "  The allegation that he was driving his police vehicle 120 mph is not accurate and is disputed . He was not driving recklessly , and a review of the videotape shows he was not driving recklessly . " Meanwhile , the highway patrol released the audio recording of the dispatch call made by state Trooper Donna Jane Watts as she pursued Lopez on the Turnpike , also Florida State Route 91 , according to CNN affiliate WSVN . "  I do n't know what agency he is . I 'm on 91 almost to Sunrise . He 's well over 120 and he 's not stopping , " Watts said . The audio and video of the chase were recorded at 6:30 a.m. on October 11 . That is when Watts spotted a speeding vehicle on the Turnpike . "  All I can see is a white patrol car with blue or something like that , bright lights . It would be a Miami or D.O.T. , and I 'm sure it 's not D.O.T. , " she said to the dispatcher . Then an unidentified person on the radio tells Watts : "  If they tell you it 's a patrol car , just have her back off . " Watts was driving on the turnpike when the white marked Miami police car blew by and "  crossed over all lanes of traffic , " according to the state highway patrol report . She could n't overtake the Miami police car "  due to the unit traveling extremely reckless , in and out of traffic at high rates of speed , in excess of 120 mph , " according to the report . The Miami officer ignored the state patrol officer 's siren and lights -- and even "  accelerated " at times and continued changing lanes , the report said . At one point , the Miami officer slowed to 78 miles an hour , but sped up again , the highway patrol said . Finally , the Miami officer , wearing his uniform , pulled over his squad car at 6:35 a.m. in Hollywood . A state highway patrol video shows the state trooper pulling out her service handgun as she approached the police car with the officer seated behind the wheel . The Miami police officer "  stated that he was en route to an off-duty work detail and that he had to be there by 7:00 a.m. , " Watts wrote in her report . On the Florida Highway Patrol offense report , the document lists Lopez ' occupation as "  police officer " whose employer is "  City of Miami Police Departmen  t  " and lists the style of automobile as "  police car , " a white 2008 Crown Victoria . Miami Police Detective Willie Moreno told CNN affiliate WFOR in Miami last month that the department will determine whether to take any action against Lopez after a judge rules on his case . The turnpike 's website nicknames the highway "  The Less Stressway . "	The attorney for Miami Officer Fausto Lopez says the case is a "  misunderstanding " Lopez was ticketed for reckless driving in his squad car at 120 mph on the Florida Turnpike Lopez was in a hurry to get to his off-duty job The case is "  blown out of proportion , " attorney says
CNN  -- Oh , New York . People say you never sleep , and you 're filled with neon lights and people scurrying from place to place . Rumor has it you 're a tough place to call home . Some suggest that people leave before you get a chance to harden them . But lately , we 're a little taken aback by all the good things we keep hearing about you . You 're not getting soft , are you ? The sweet city stories are getting hard to ignore . Here are three recent examples that caught our attention : Not another manic Monday When we first heard about your murder-free Monday , we were tempted to shrug it off as some random thing .  There was not a single reported slaying , stabbing , shooting or knifing in any of the five boroughs on Monday , according to the New York Police Department .  Some of our commenters were thrilled or surprised . "  Having lived in ` the world 's greatest city ' for over 30 years , I never thought I 'd see the day , " wrote reader BlackDynamiteOnline . A few attributed the numbers to online shoppers hunkered down for Cyber Monday or criminals who did a better job of hiding bodies than usual . Others thought the whole thing was a little strange . "  Imagine ! We are celebrating a murder-free day , " said KPerspective . "  This is sordidly interesting . " There was more good news to come . Random acts of kindness The police officer who gave a pair of boots to a homeless man is the talk of the Web . Jennifer Foster , a tourist from Florence , Arizona , snapped a photo near Times Square that ended up being posted on the NYPD Facebook page . The post received 338,000 likes and more than 22,000 comments . "  This is awesome . We should n't be surprised by this , " commented Facebook user Tony Stiltner . "  I believe things like this should be the norm . But I am absolutely thrilled . The officer is a true hero and others should learn from his actions . " Twitter users picked it up as well , and the #NYPD hashtag was full of tweets buzzing about the story on Thursday morning . "  Shout out  to the #NYPD cop that bought the homeless barefoot man some socks and winter boots , " wrote J Tucker in a tweet . "  That 's awesome . Wish more cops were like him . " We also heard good things about storm recovery efforts . Generosity after disaster Let us not forget how people have come together as the East Coast recovers from the pounding it received from Superstorm Sandy . We received numerous iReports sharing stories of giving and courage , and highlighted a few of them in a story on CNN.com . An impromptu Broadway performance , volunteer work , storytelling , photo restoration efforts and a rapping duo were among the efforts we heard about . Upon encountering this story , a reader using the name Reen B raved about the people of the region . "  I love New Yorkers . Good for these people for helping out with their creativity , a gift not all of us have but everyone can appreciate . Godspeed , NY/NJ , here 's to healing and hope . " What gives ? Maybe the holidays have everyone in an extra-good mood . That 's assuming we make it past our upcoming date with Doomsday , which no doubt has some people musing about the fragility of life . We 're still a little baffled -- and delighted ! -- by all these touching stories , so we now turn back to you . Is there something really going on here ? Is New York getting nicer , or are we just now seeing its true colors in a trio of recent news events ? Do you heart New York ? Let 's hear your thoughts in the comments below or put your video commentary on CNN iReport . If the comments on this story are just as nice , we 'll know that all this friendliness was n't just a fluke .	No slayings , stabbings , shootings or knifings reported in New York City on Monday NYPD officer gives boots to homeless man , becomes Internet sensation iReporters tell us about the giving spirit surrounding Sandy recovery What do you think ? Share your thoughts in the comments below or post a video on CNN iReport
CNN  -- Notre Dame athletic director Jack Swarbrick compared the alleged hoax about a "  girlfriend " that ensnared linebacker Manti Te'o with the documentary "  Catfish . " "  Catfish " is no longer simply a river dweller , but rather a verb defined as "  to pretend to be someone you 're not online by posting false information , such as someone else 's pictures , on social media sites usually with the intention of getting someone to fall in love with you , " according to the MTV show of the same name . The show grew from the documentary in which filmmakers Henry Joost and Ariel Schulman follow Ariel 's brother Nev and his budding online relationship with "  Megan , " according to the website Iamrogue.com . The three started to suspect that something was n't quite right with Megan , and they set out to solve the mystery , capturing everything on film . The documentary was a hit at the 2010 Sundance film festival , Iamrogue says . On the TV show , Nev Schulman , a photographer , guides others who suspect that their online loves are not what they seem . "  So someone will reach out to me and say , ` I 'm really into this guy , we 've been talking online for months . He lives far away , we ca n't afford to meet but we definitely want to , I think he is the one . Can you help ? ' " Nev Schulman said in an interview with Iamrogue . "  Will they find love or heartache ? " the show 's introduction asks . In one episode , "  Tyler " wants to meet "  Amanda " after months of corresponding via Facebook . Amanda always has an excuse for not meeting or talking , such as not having a cell phone or having a broken webcam . Suspicious , Tyler writes to Schulman . Through a reverse photo search , Schulman discovers that Amanda 's pictures belong to someone else . Schulman follows the trail and finds that "  Amanda " is really Aaron , who is having trouble coming to terms with being gay . "  For many people the life that they lead on the Internet , which can be exciting , interesting , and can be filled with hopes and dreams that are perhaps outside of the actual range of their situation , is a big distraction and keeps them from living their real lives , " Schulman said in the Iamrogue interview .	Alleged hoax on Manti Te'o is compared with the documentary "  Catfish " Catfish defined : "  to pretend to be someone you 're not online by posting false information " MTV show of the same name uncovers possible fake relationships
Pinar del Rio , Cuba  CNN  -- On Yosvany Concepcion 's ramshackle farm , there is little to suggest that he is producing a highly sought-after luxury item . The buildings on the farm look like a strong wind could carry them away . There is virtually no machinery . But Concepcion grows the tobacco leaves that are transformed into Cuban cigars . And much of the allure of these legendary , expensive cigars is that they are still made entirely by hand and in places , like Concepcion 's farm , that seem trapped in time . "  As you can see , we do things the traditional way , " Concepcion said , gesturing to the barn where green tobacco leaves are hung to dry before being rolled into cigars . He and the rest of Cuba 's tobacco farmers might soon have their work cut out for them . Executives from Habanos , the Cuban-British joint venture that distributes Cuban cigars , announced at their annual festival last week that sales were up over 9 % in 2011 . That growth , executives said , could indicate that the market for luxury goods is rebounding despite a still-shaky world economy . The festival was also bursting at the seams , with 1,500 attendees from 60 countries paying top dollar to taste Cuba 's best smokes . "  Things are going well , " said Rodrigo Malmierca DÃaz , Cuba 's trade and foreign finance minister , as he toured the festival in Havana . "  The cigar has been appreciated since Columbus landed here . And it will continue to be , because they are very good . " As good as they might be , Cuban cigars are illegal in the United States because of the U.S. trade embargo with Cuba . "  The embargo is something that affects everyone , " said Jorge Luis Fernandez Maique , co-president of Habanos . "  It affects us as a country , as a business , and it affects the American consumer . They ca n't buy directly from Cuba , so they have no way of knowing if they are buying genuine Cuban cigars . " Many of the Cuban cigars that are available on the black market in the U.S. are probably fakes , cigar experts say . Cuba is also awash in knockoffs . Tourists on the island receive near-constant offers from peddlers selling imitations at prices far below what the government stores sells genuine cigars for . "  Smoke a fake cigar , and you will not find the right blend , " said Ana Lopez , Habanos ' director of marketing . "  You are going to find something totally different , and probably  you  will be disappointed . " Cigar makers responded last week by unveiling security measures , such as holograms and serial numbers , on the labels of some premium brands . "  We have included a number of security elements into the band which makes them unique and impossible to copy , " said Henk Nota , president of Vrijdag Premium Printing . Cigar distributor Angela Giannoulis has traveled from Canada more than 10 times to attend the Habanos festival . She said she is brought back by her love of cigars and desire to stay up to date on the industry . "  You get to try stuff before anyone else , so that 's a nice perk , " she said . "  And it 's people united by the same passion . You can smoke anywhere , you can get them fresh out of a roller 's hands . It really is an art to be appreciated . "	Hundreds of people from across the world visit Cuba every year for its annual cigar festival Cuban cigars are renowned for their quality , craftsmanship Sales of the cigars were up 9 % last year , according to their distributor Knockoffs are common , so cigar makers are implementing new security measures
The president of the Central African Republic asked Thursday for help from other nations to stave off rebel advances that threaten his rule . The former French colony asked France and the United States to help ensure "  the rebels return home ... instead of destroying and killing Central Africans , " President Francois Bozize said . "  Fellow citizens , the time has come , " Bozize said . The rebels "  want to steal our country and we want to do  something  about it . " Amid indications that the rebels may try to take the capital , Bangui , the United Nations began relocating dependents and nonessential staff . The U.S. Embassy in Bangui suspended operations Friday "  as a result of the deteriorating security situation , " the State Department said in a statement . "  U.S. citizens who have decided to stay in CAR should review their personal security situation and seriously consider departing , taking advantage of commercial flights , " it said . Read more : CNN Inside Africa Attacks on several cities by the coalition of rebel groups known as "  Seleka " undermine peace agreements in the Central African Republic ; rebels say they are fighting because the government has broken promises . The rebels were located about 190 miles from Bangui ; no new attacks had been reported since Wednesday , diplomatic adviser Honore Nzessiwe said Thursday . The Central African Republic government is seeking negotiations with the rebels in Libreville , Gabon , he said . In the meantime , troops from the Central African Multinational Forces were expected to arrive to bolster security in the capital , he said . Bozize directed his call for help to France , saying "  the French are our cousins . They should fix what is happening . " France has a permanent presence of 200 to 300 military personnel at Bangui 's airport under the mandate of the Economic Community of Central African States . But French President Francois Hollande said Thursday that the troops are not intended to "  protect a regime " against the advance of the rebels , but instead French nationals and interests . France will "  in no way to interfere in the internal affairs of a country , in this case , CAR , " Hollande said , adding : "  That time is over . " Asked about a possible intervention in favor of displaced persons or refugees , the French president said that his country could not "  intervene unless there is a U.N. mandate , " and noted that "  this is not the case . " "  But in general , we are always for civilians to be protected and preserved , and we will do our duty again , " he said . Bozize spoke Thursday with the French foreign minister about the crisis . The French asked the Central African Republic leader to protect foreign nationals in his country . A day earlier , hundreds of protesters massed outside the French Embassy and called for intervention in Bangui ; people threw stones and pipes at the building . On Thursday , protesters gathered in front of a U.N. building in the capital . That was where Bozize made his remarks asking for foreign help , said Margaret Vogt , special representative of the U.N. secretary-general . The president "  addressed the crowd telling them he is ready for a dialogue , " she said . The desire for negotiation was reiterated in a statement released on behalf of Bozize by the Central African Republic Foreign Ministry . It said Bozize has no intention to tinker with the constitution in order to remain in power , and wants to work within the framework of the document to negotiate a solution . The Central African Republic came into being after the French colony known as Ubangi-Shari gained independence in 1960 .	U.S. Embassy suspends operations in the capital There are indications the rebels may try to take Bangui France has troops there , but says its mission is to protect its citizens Central African Republic leader seeks international help
London  CNN  -- John and Frances Canning did n't really expect Queen Elizabeth to come to their wedding , but when they learned she was going to be in Manchester , England , on the day of their nuptials , they sent an invitation on a whim . She showed up . Despite their shock , the groom had the presence of mind to bow , and the bride to curtsey as the monarch appeared and congratulated them , amateur video of the event showed . "  Basically it was a wedding gift for us , " Frances Canning told CNN affiliate ITN . The queen 's husband Prince Philip also wished the couple well . Queen Elizabeth was in Manchester Friday on official duties that included visits to Central Manchester University Hospitals and a new BBC complex . She is making appearances around the country this spring as she celebrates her Diamond Jubilee , marking her 60 years on the throne .	Queen Elizabeth unexpectedly drops in on a wedding while she 's in Manchester She was invited but the bride and groom did n't really think she would come The bride calls the queen 's presence "  a wedding gift "
Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger was reunited Wednesday with both survivors and rescuers at the scene of the remarkable emergency landing of U.S. Airways flight 1549 five years ago on the Hudson River . To mark the anniversary , Sullenberger , First Officer Jeffrey Skiles and several passengers of the 150 who were on the plane were reunited with members of the ferry crews who rescued them on January 15 , 2009 . "  Much was saved that day , " Sullenberger said at a news conference . "  And it 's the efforts not only of the crew , the rescuers , and the first responders , that everyone survived . " "  Had even one person not survived , " he added , "  I personally could n't have celebrated any of this . " Five years ago , the aircraft left LaGuardia Airport and ran into a flock of geese that damaged both engines , forcing the crew to land in the frigid waters of the Hudson . Within four minutes of landing , multiple New York Waterway ferry boats , aided by the U.S. Coast Guard and police from New York and New Jersey , descended on the scene to rescue the 155 people on board . The complicated maneuver , which was called an "  amazing piece of airmanship " by a former National Transportation Safety Board director , resulted in only a few minor injuries and made heroes of the crew . Passengers at the news conference thanked the rescue teams . "  Without these people , my children would not have had a father , my mom would n't have had a son , " Barry Leonard said . After the news conference , the group of survivors and rescuers boarded a boat on the Hudson River to celebrate . "  We 're going to toast to life , " Leonard said . Sullenberger took time off to write a book and speak about aviation issues before returning to the cockpit in fall 2009 . He also joined the airline 's flight operations safety management team . After his last flight from Fort Lauderdale , Florida , to Charlotte , North Carolina , in March 2010 , Sullenberger said he was "  chosen by circumstance " to be a spokesman for the aviation industry and plans to work independently in that role .	Survivors mark the five-year anniversary of the "  Miracle on the Hudson " landing Survivors reunited with rescuers for "  toast to life " Flight 1549 was forced to land in Hudson River after geese damaged engines
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin ordered a mandatory evacuation of the city beginning 8 a.m. Sunday but urged residents to consider escaping "  the mother of all storms " before then . New Orleans residents leave Friday via Interstate 10 westbound ahead of Hurricane Gustav . "  You need to be scared , " Nagin said of the Category 4 hurricane tearing along Cuba 's western coast . "  You need to be concerned , and you need to get your butts moving out of New Orleans right now . This is the storm of the century . " The city 's west bank is to evacuate at 8 a.m. Nagin said the city had evacuated roughly 10,000 people Saturday on buses , trains and planes , in addition to the thousands who left on their own . Buses from collection points would continue running until midnight and resume at 6 a.m. Sunday , he said . Watch CNN 's Don Lemon report on evacuations " "  This storm is so powerful and growing more powerful every day , " Nagin said . "  I 'm not sure we 've seen anything like this . " At 8 p.m. ET , Gustav 's eye was over western Cuba near Los Palacios , about 65 miles  105 kilometers  west-southwest of Havana , with sustained winds near 150 mph . Hurricanes are ranked 1 to 5 in intensity on the Saffir-Simpson scale . A Category 4 has winds of 131 to 155 mph and can cause extreme damage . Watch a report on the hurricane watch " "  This storm could be as bad as it gets , " Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal said Saturday afternoon . "  We could see flooding even worse than we saw in Hurricane Katrina . " New Orleans joined the growing list of local governments in south Louisiana ordering mandatory evacuations on Saturday and Sunday as Gustav roared past Cuba and into the Gulf of Mexico . iReport.com : Leaving home ? Share your story Many parishes also were imposing tough dusk-to-dawn curfews , hoping to assure residents that they could evacuate without fear of their vacant homes being looted . Jindal did not order mandatory evacuations at a state level , but he urged residents to take the evacuations seriously . "  I would n't worry about whether the evacuation in your parish begins at 4 p.m. today or 8 a.m. tomorrow , " he said . "  When it comes to evacuation , do it sooner rather than later . " Jindal said the state planned to begin "  contraflow " procedures , opening both sides of interstates to outgoing traffic only , at 4 a.m. Sunday . Thousands of people had begun fleeing the coast by the time a hurricane watch was issued Saturday afternoon for southeastern Texas to the Alabama-Florida border . The watch , which means hurricane conditions are possible within 36 hours , was announced the day after many in the region marked the third anniversary of Katrina 's landfall . In New Orleans , anxiety was high Saturday as residents fled , leaving behind a ghost town of boarded-up homes and empty streets . Watch Nagin urge people to leave " Hundreds of people lined up for buses and trains to take them out of New Orleans and thousands of other Gulf Coast residents drove inland , clogging major highways . At the Union Passenger Terminal in downtown New Orleans , people began arriving as early as 5:30 a.m. , forming a line that snaked behind the main Amtrak terminal . Humvees circled the crowds of people , many who waited as long as 2 1/2 hours , enduring the heat and relentless sun , unsure of their destination . New Orleans officials designated 17 sites for people without transportation to board buses to take them to the terminal , where they will be moved to shelters outside New Orleans . However , scores of residents went directly to the terminal , prompting confusion , as did a glitch in the computer system being used to register people . Watch people flee New Orleans in buses " Jindal suspended registration at the terminal and instructed people to register when they arrive at shelters . By Saturday afternoon , 1,100 to 1,200 people had left the city on those buses , Nagin said . "  I 'm not sure where I 'm going , " Margie Hawkins of New Orleans said . "  My last 24 hours have been somewhat worrisome and very , very prayerful , because this is a very serious threat , and it 's a lot of people to get to safe ground or be safe where they are . " The city also arranged with Amtrak for more than 7,000 seats to evacuate the elderly by train . About 1,500 people left for Memphis , Tennessee , Nagin said . There were also crowds at New Orleans ' Louis Armstrong International Airport , which the city plans to keep open through 6 p.m. CT Sunday . Both Delta Air Lines and AirTran Airways said they planned to continue flights in and out of New Orleans until the airport is closed . Watch residents prepare to leave the city " Vehicles jammed Interstate 10 headed west toward Texas . Cars also clogged Interstates 55 and 59 heading north out of eastern Louisiana . Heavy volume was also reported on Interstates 65 and 59 as Mississippi evacuees streamed north . The hurricane is projected to pass over western Cuba and to move into the southern Gulf of Mexico early Sunday and into the central Gulf by early Monday , according to forecasters . Gustav could make landfall as a Category 3 or 4 on the U.S. Gulf Coast late Monday or Tuesday , the National Hurricane Center said . Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour announced Friday that Hurricane Katrina victims living in government-issued trailers or mobile homes along his state 's coast would begin evacuating Saturday . The storm called up uneasy memories Friday of the deadly 2005 hurricane season , particularly of Katrina . When Katrina hit , more than 1,800 people died in five states , 1,577 of them in Louisiana . Unlike the situation during Katrina , there will be no "  shelter of last resort , " the city said . In 2005 , the city 's Louisiana Superdome housed thousands of New Orleanians who could n't , or did n't , heed the mandatory evacuation order . Watch FEMA administrator talk about being proactive " Nagin warned that all but a "  skeleton crew " of city workers would be leaving the city and said local authorities could not promise help for those who choose to stay behind . "  This is very , very serious , and we need you to heed this warning , " he said . "  We really do n't have the resources to rescue you after this . " CNN 's Chris Lawrence and Sean Callebs contributed to this report .	NEW : Mandatory evacuations set to begin 8 a.m. Sunday in New Orleans Hurricane watch issued from southeastern Texas to Alabama-Florida border Thousands evacuating Gulf Coast on buses , trains , planes Gustav 's sustained winds reach 150 mph as it roars past Cuba
CNN  -- For many , back-to-school is a season of anticipation , nostalgia , and shopping . For me , it evokes memories of an unsung historical event : the integration of Harvard . No , I 'm not talking about racial integration ; I 'm talking about the full inclusion of students with disabilities . When I entered Harvard College as a freshman in 1980 , it happened to coincide with a new requirement -- all institutions receiving federal funds had to become fully accessible under Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 . I was a 17-year-old lifelong wheelchair-user , born with a neurological condition called spinal muscular atrophy . I 'd never walked or stood and my arms were weak as a baby 's . But , as my parents often said , there was nothing wrong with my head . I had little awareness of the precedent I was setting . At 17 , I was too self-centered for that . I was preoccupied with how I 'd cope my first time living away from my parents , depending on full-time , live-in personal-care attendants . Yet I had an Ivy League freshman 's cockiness , too . Somehow I 'd manage . I 'd always managed before , had n't I ? To be sure , Harvard had had students with disabilities before me . But those students had to make do , bearing or circumventing access barriers without complaint . After all , it was a centuries-old campus . How much could one expect ? I , on the other hand , had rights -- and expectations . I challenged the university in a whole new way . I was an inadvertent pioneer . I mean , it was n't my fault . I had n't fought for my rights . They fell into my lap . The timing was a coincidence , one I was n't entirely comfortable with . I remember meeting with university officials the summer before my freshman year got under way . We discussed every detail of my life and needs . What was the width my widest wheelchair ? Did I take baths or showers ? How much space around a toilet did I require for transfers ? Boxers or briefs ?  Just kidding . I also had to pre-pick classes so Harvard could ensure mine would be held in accessible classrooms , of which there were too few . If I changed my mind , I could be out of luck . Not that pioneering was an unfamiliar role for me . I 'd been the first and only "  handicapped " student in my nursery , elementary and high schools , too . My parents had insisted on my attending "  regular " schools at a time when that was unheard of . In the 1960s , according to government statistics , only one in five disabled kids was educated in a public school -- usually a separate  dare I say "  segregated " ?  special-ed school . The majority stayed home or got sent off to under-regulated residential institutions . More than a million handicapped kids had no access to the school system at all . Many states even had statutes specifically excluding the deaf , blind or mentally retarded from public schooling ! We lived in New York , and my parents were private-school kind of people . I vaguely recall how the schools my older , non-disabled brother attended refused to accept me , how my parents had to argue and beg on my behalf . They knew separate was n't equal , but they had no legal recourse . I ended up at the only private schools willing to take a kid in a wheelchair . It 's no exaggeration to say that for many years I assumed I was simply too dumb for my parents ' first-choice schools . Today , of course , it 's completely different . After countless pieces of legislation , reauthorizations , government commissions and legal rulings , wheelchair ramps and lifts , Braille and recorded books , sign-language interpreters , "  shadow teachers , " and other accommodations are commonplace in schools as they are elsewhere . Parents of so-called special-needs kids still have to fight sometimes to ensure fairness , but they have rights and a grievance process on their side . Integration is the standard that must be met . Ultimately , my Harvard experience had its ups and downs , as might be expected of what was a revolutionary new concept . Sadly , it was n't just the ancient brick buildings and cobblestone paths that posed inexorable barriers ; sometimes hidebound traditions can be equally obdurate . Nevertheless , how the demographics of education has changed became especially clear to me recently when my kids ' school held a "  diversity day . "  My kids do n't have disabilities , but some of their classmates do . I boldly volunteered to lead a discussion about people with disabilities . To my surprise , I was n't the only one . Kids do n't always appreciate this . For them , the return to the school year is a ritualized obligation . What a shame so few understand it as a right and a privilege to be celebrated -- a proud and hard-won victory . Overcoming barriers to bring mobility to the world	Ben Mattlin was born with spinal muscular atrophy , a rare degenerative disease Mattlin was one of the first students in a wheelchair to attend Harvard University Spinal muscular atrophy affects 1 in 6,000 Americans
CNN  -- Kim Clijsters defeated fellow comeback queen Justine Henin in the final of the Brisbane International on Saturday , saving two match-points and wasting three as she won an epic clash . Henin , playing her first tournament since May 2008 , fought back from a set and 4-1 down against her fellow Belgian before losing 6-3 4-6 7-6  8-6  in almost two and a half hours . However , Henin sustained an injury to her left leg and later confirmed on her Web site that she will miss next week 's Sydney Invitational , where she faced a possible second-round clash with Serena Williams , in order to recover in time for the decade 's first Grand Slam event , the Australian Open . Clijsters , who made history in September as the first unseeded player to win the U.S. Open in her third event back on the WTA Tour following her own short-lived retirement , took control as she won eight straight games . But fellow former world No. 1 Henin dug deep to level the match and then take a 3-0 lead in the deciding set . The 26-year-old Clijsters battled back to tie it up at 3-3 , and then both players squandered potentially match-winning break opportunities to ensure a tie-break . Clijsters raced to a 5-1 lead , helped by her first ace of the match -- coming off a second serve -- but then missed three match-point chances at 6-3 . Henin again fought back to level at 6-6 but then her 11th double-fault gave Clijsters the chance to finally close out for victory , her 11th in 23 meeting between the two players . Clijsters clinched her 36th WTA Tour title , leaving Henin stuck on 41 . "  What a match ! " Clijsters said . "  I think we set the bar pretty high for ourselves for the rest of the year . Justine played at a really high level for the whole tournament , so congratulations . " Meanwhile , top seed Andy Roddick will play defending champion Radek Stepanek in Sunday 's men 's final at the Pat Rafter Arena . Roddick came from behind to beat Stepanek 's fellow Czech Tomas Berdych in the semifinals on Saturday , with the American winning 1-6 6-3 6-4 despite being broken for the first time in the tournament in his opening service game . Second seed Stepanek won 6-2 6-1 against Frenchman Gael Monfils , who was struggling with a shoulder problem . The world No. 13 told the tournament 's Web site that he was unsure if he would take part in next week 's Sydney International . In New Zealand , third seed Yanina Wickmayer shrugged off her difficult end to 2009 by winning the ASB Classic in Auckland on Saturday . The 20-year-old Belgian , who won her appeal against a one-year ban for failing to report her whereabouts for doping tests , defeated top seed Flavia Pennetta 6-3 6-2 to clinch her third WTA Tour title .	Kim Clijsters beats fellow comeback queen Justine Henin in final of Brisbane International Clijsters wins 6-3 4-6 7-6  8-6  , saving two match-points and wasting three Former world No. 1 Henin suffers a leg injury and will miss next week 's Sydney event Top seed Andy Roddick faces defending champion Radek Stepanek in men 's final
Never fear the night of the living dead -- the Pentagon has got you covered . From responses to natural disasters to a catastrophic attack on the homeland , the U.S. military has a plan of action ready to go if either incident occurs . It has also devised an elaborate plan should a zombie apocalypse befall the country , according to a Defense Department document obtained by CNN . In an unclassified document titled "  CONOP 8888 , " officials from U.S. Strategic Command used the specter of a planet-wide attack by the walking dead as a training template for how to plan for real-life , large-scale operations , emergencies and catastrophes . And the Pentagon says there 's a reasonable explanation . "  The document is identified as a training tool used in an in-house training exercise where students learn about the basic concepts of military plans and order development through a fictional training scenario , " Navy Capt. Pamela Kunze , a spokeswoman for U.S. Strategic Command , told CNN . "  This document is not a U.S. Strategic Command plan . " Nevertheless , the preparation and thoroughness exhibited by the Pentagon for how to prepare for a scenario in which Americans are about to be overrun by flesh-eating invaders is quite impressive . Read the Pentagon 's Zombie apocalypse plan A wide variety of different zombies , each brandishing their own lethal threats , are possible to confront and should be planned for , according to the document . Zombie life forms "  created via some form of occult experimentation in what might otherwise be referred to as ` evil magic , ' to vegetarian zombies that pose no threat to humans due to their exclusive consumption of vegetation , to zombie life forms created after an organism is infected with a high dose of radiation are among the invaders the document outlines . " Every phase of the operation from conducting general zombie awareness training , and recalling all military personnel to their duty stations , to deploying reconnaissance teams to ascertain the general safety of the environment to restoring civil authority after the zombie threat has been neutralized are discussed . And the rules of engagement with the zombies are clearly spelled out within the document . "  The only assumed way to effectively cause causalities to the zombie ranks by tactical force is the concentration of all firepower to the head , specifically the brain , " the plan reads . "  The only way to ensure a zombie is ` dead ' is to burn the zombie corpse . " There are even contingency plans for how to deal with hospitals and other medical facilities infiltrated by zombies , and the possible deployment of remote controlled robots to man critical infrastructure points such as power stations if the zombie threat becomes too much . A chain of command from the President on down along with the roles to be played by the State Department and the intelligence community for dealing with the zombie apocalypse are clearly spelled out in the document . ` Walking Dead ' finale : The biggest reveals The training document was first reported by Foreign Policy magazine . This is also not the first time zombies have been used as the antagonist in U.S. government training operations . Both the Centers for Disease Control and the Department of Homeland Security have used the creatures as a vehicle for training their personnel in the past . Defense officials stress the report in no way signals an invasion of zombies is on the horizon . The only real purpose of the document was to practice how to execute a plan for handling something as large and serious a situation like flesh-eating beings trying to overrun the United States . And why zombies ? Officials familiar with the planning of it say zombies were chosen precisely because of the outlandish nature of the attack premise . "  Training examples for plans must accommodate the political fallout that occurs if the general public mistakenly believes that a fictional training scenario is actually a real plan , " the document says . "  Rather than risk such an outcome by teaching our augmentees using the fictional ` Tunisia ' or ` Nigeria ' scenarios used at  Joint Combined Warfighting School  , we elected to use a completely impossible scenario that could never be mistaken as a real plan . " So , practice for the when , where and how to plan for a more likely disaster scenario ? Yes . But zombies of all stripes would be well advised to take note of this directive to Strategic Command personnel buried within the document . "  Maintain emergency plans to employ nuclear weapons within  the continental United States  to eradicate zombie hordes . "	Pentagon planners draw up disaster plans to deal with different contingencies Planners created an attack by the walking dead to plan for large-scale operations Tactics include "  concentration of all firepower to the head , specifically the brain "
