CNN  -- Endurance swimmer Diana Nyad struggled through ocean swells , shoulder pain and asthma Monday as she attempted to become the first person to swim between Cuba and Florida without a shark cage , according to her team and a CNN staffer on a chase boat . Both the swells and the 61-year-old swimmer 's shoulder pain subsided somewhat and she was "  swimming strongly , " her team said in a post to Facebook around noon ET . Follow Nyad on CNN 's tracker The shoulder pain was "  down to an 8 " following some "  therapeutic healing , " the message said . The shoulder pain remained an issue around 2 p.m. , about 18 hours into the swim , said CNN staffer Matt Sloane -- who is following Nyad on a chase boat -- in a tweet . She is also having "  a little touch of asthma , " he said . But he added that Nyad is "  still going very strong . " Nyad in good spirits in 18th hour The attempt to swim from Cuba to Florida is the second for the swimmer , who said at a news conference Sunday that she is fitter today than she was in 1978 , when she first attempted the crossing but was unable to finish . "  When I walk up on those shores of Florida , I want to prove to the AARP crowd that it 's not too late to go back and write that book or adopt that child , " she said . She jumped into the water at 7:45 p.m. ET on Sunday and expects to swim for roughly 60 hours . She is stopping briefly each hour to eat . "  Nobody decides the swim is over except me , " Nyad 's team quoted her on Twitter as saying . Wind , water , one woman 's drive It took several months to gain permission for the swim from Cuban and U.S. authorities . Bureaucratic snags repeatedly threatened to call off the effort -- already called off in 2010 because of weather . Nyad has been training for the event for two years , swimming up to 12 hours a day . "  I 'm almost 62 years old and I 'm standing here at the prime of my life , " she said Sunday as she prepared to dive into the water at Havana 's Marina Hemingway . "  I think this is the prime . When one reaches this age , you still have a body that 's strong but now you have a better mind . " A team of more than 30 people is supporting Nyad as she attempts the crossing . She has 10 handlers to advise her as she swims , ocean kayakers towing devices to repel most sharks and divers and safety officers trained to distract those that are n't turned away . A doctor is also on hand .	NEW : Nyad : "  Nobody decides the swim is over except me " She struggles through ocean swells , shoulder pain and asthma She is attempting the first crossing from Cuba to Florida without a shark cage Nyad began Sunday night and hopes to swim the 103-mile span in 60 hours
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A court has ordered pop singer Britney Spears to give up custody of her children effective Wednesday at noon . Kevin Federline and Britney Spears , here during happier times , have two children . Spears ' former husband , Kevin Federline , is to retain custody of their two sons "  until further order of the court , " according to a ruling by Superior Court Judge Scott Gordon . It was not clear what led to Monday 's decision awarding Federline full custody . A transcript of the court proceedings was ordered sealed . Last month , a judge ordered Spears , 25 , to submit to random drug tests after finding she engaged in "  habitual , frequent , and continuous use of controlled substances and alcohol . " That order , also by Gordon , provided no details and did not name any drugs . The former couple has been embroiled in a bitter custody fight over their sons , Sean Preston and Jayden . The parents had split custody 50-50 , but Federline then asked for the arrangements to be shifted to 70-30 in his favor . Watch how Spears became user of -- and prisoner to -- fame " In addition to ordering the twice-weekly drug tests , Gordon ordered Spears to spend eight hours per week working with a "  parenting coach , " who was to observe her interactions with her children . Gordon also told both parents to avoid alcohol or "  other non-prescription controlled substances " 12 hours before taking custody of the children . He also barred the exes from making "  derogatory remarks about the other party and the other party 's family or significant other " during the case . And he ordered the parents to go through "  joint co-parenting counseling " and barred them from using corporal punishment on the boys . Spears and Federline were married for two years before their divorce became final in July . Monday 's order comes amid a career freefall for Spears , whose new album is due to be released November 13 . After her September 9 "  comeback " performance on the MTV Video Music Awards , critics derided her singing and dancing as lackluster and said she appeared overweight in her sequined two-piece costume . Her former divorce lawyer , Laura Wasser , resigned last month as her legal representative after telling reporters the singer "  just wants to be a mom . " Spears ' management company , the Firm , recently quit after representing the singer for little over a month . E-mail to a friend	Kevin Federline to take custody of children effective Wednesday noon Federline and Britney Spears have two children , ages 2 and 1 Pair were divorced in July
CNN  -- Chris Hoy won a record equaling fifth Olympic gold medal as he anchored Britain 's team sprint trio to a new world record in the velodrome Thursday . Hoy 's gold saw him draw level with rower Steve Redgrave in the all-time British list and capped a superb day for the hosts . But there was disappointment for the partisan home crowd in the women 's team sprint as the British pair of Victoria Pendleton and Jess Varnish were disqualified for a handover infringement after qualifying for the gold medal match against China . Jeers rang around the 6,000 seater velodrome when the decision was relayed , promoting German pair Miriam Welte and Kristina Vogel to the final . Pendleton , looking to cap her career with gold , tried her best to put on a brave face . "  It 's one of those things that happens . It 's quicker than a blink of an eye , " she told BBC Sport . "  You have to stick by the rules . The rules are there to make it a fair sport . " Chinese pair Gong Jinjie and Guo Shuang had broken the world record twice in the first two rounds and crossed the line first against the Germans in a time of 32.619 seconds . Inside the London Olympics Velodrome But they too then fell foul of the strict officials for their handover and were demoted to silver . Australia 's Anna Meares and Kaarle McCulloch  32.727  claimed bronze ahead of Ukraine . Hoy and his teammates Philip Hindes and Jason Kenny had fallen foul of the handover rule at the world championships earlier this year , but made no mistake this time in the final against France . A superb lead off leg by 19-year-old German born Hindes set up Kenny then Hoy to bring them home in 42.600 seconds , beating the earlier world record of 42.747 they had set earlier in qualifying . Germany beat Australia for the bronze . Hoy has won a total of sixth Olympic medals , one shy of fellow cyclist Bradley Wiggins , who set a British record by winning Wednesday 's men 's time trial . Scot Hoy can draw level with Wiggins if he medals in the men 's keirin event later in the program . "  It is quite overwhelming , " he told BBC Sport . "  That last ride I dug deeper than I have ever dug before . I did n't want to let the boys down , they have been riding so well today . "  You ca n't overstate what it means to us in front of our home crowd . " GB , who dominated the track cycling in the 2008 Beijing Games , look set for more gold in the men 's team pursuit after the quartet of Ed Clancy , Steven Burke , Geraint Thomas and Peter Kennaugh broke their own world record in qualifying . They clocked three minutes 52.499 seconds while closest rival Australia with Jack Bobridge , Glenn O'Shea , Rohan Dennis and Michael Hepburn were over three seconds adrift in going through second fastest .	GB team sprint squad win gold in world record time at Olympic Velodrome Chris Hoy brings them home for his fifth Olympic gold medal Disqualifications for GB and China in women 's team sprint German pair Miriam Welte and Kristina Vogel take gold
CNN  -- A federal court sentenced a Pakistani citizen to more than four years for providing false documentation and attempting to smuggle a person he thought was a Taliban member into the United States . Irfan Ul Haq , 37 , was sentenced Thursday to 50 months in prison . His sentence is part of an agreement to plead guilty to one count of conspiracy to provide material support to the Tehrik-e Taliban Pakistan , also known as the Pakistani Taliban , the U.S. Attorney 's Office said in a statement . Ul Haq and two others -- Qasim Ali , 32 , and Zahid Yousaf , 43 , -- pleaded guilty in September . Ali and Yousaf were sentenced in December to 40 months and 36 months , respectively . As part of their plea deals , the three agreed to be deported after their sentences , the statement said . "  Today 's sentence successfully brings to a close our prosecution of three criminals who aimed to use their human smuggling network to help a person who they believed to be a terrorist infiltrate our homeland , " said U.S. Attorney Ronald C. Machen Jr. . "  By convicting three Pakistani nationals who were operating out of Ecuador , we have demonstrated our ability to dismantle human smuggling operations throughout the world when they threaten our national security . " The three men were arrested in Miami last year in a federal sting operation . According to court documents , the three men were living in Quito , Ecuador , when they were contacted by federal informants who claimed they wanted to sneak a member of the Taliban into the United States . The Pakistani Taliban is designated a foreign terrorist organization by the State Department . According to the court documents , the three agreed to move the person from Pakistan to the United States . Ul Haq told the federal informants it was not his concern what the purported member of the Taliban wanted to do in the United States , saying if they want to do " hard labor , sweep floors , wash dishes in a hotel , or blow up . That will be up to them , " the documents said . The three were arrested after accepting payment and procuring a fake Pakistani passport for the fictitious Taliban member , the court documents said . CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	Irfan Ul Haq , 37 , and two others are nabbed in 2011 in a federal sting He pleaded guilty to conspiracy to provide material support to the Pakistani Taliban The U.S. considers the Pakistani Taliban a foreign terrorist organization
CNN  -- The largest case of bank fraud in Iranian history is threatening to engulf President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad after a parliamentary commission decided to investigate his office for possible connections to the crime , Iranian state media has reported . To add insult to injury , Islamist hard-line legislators loyal to Iran 's Supreme Leader , the Ayatollah Sayyed Ali Khamenei , subsequently sent the commission a letter requesting specifically that Ahmadinejad be included in the investigation . They have since said they would not follow up on the letter out of respect for Khamenei . It is one move of many by Islamists to link the president to the alleged embezzlement of 30 trillion Iranian rials -- more than $ 2.5 billion . To frame the extent of allegations in U.S. terms : It would be akin to religious conservative legislators attempting to implicate a sitting American president in the infamous Madoff Ponzi scheme , in which disgraced financier Bernie Madoff cheated investors out of $ 50 billion . Ahmadinejad has vehemently rejected accusations that anyone in his government is linked to what is currently the highest-profile crime in the country , according to the semi-official Mehr News Agency . "  The government had no role in this affair and the banking system itself discovered the fraud , " Ahmadinejad said in a televised interview Tuesday , according to Mehr . Two Iranian economists who spoke to CNN alluded to political opportunism in the accusations against the president and people close to him . But both believe politicians were involved , possibly even directly . The size and nature of the fraud required "  a trend inside the government to make this problem and this scandal , " said Tehran economic analyst Saeed Laylaz . A second economist points out that the main suspect in the case has ties to the Iranian president 's chief adviser , Esfandiar Rahim Mashaei , who used his influence in a bank business deal for the accused man , Amir Mansoor Khosravi . Khosravi had opened a private bank known as the Bank Arya . Getting a license is usually difficult , but Mashaei used his political pull to help pave the way , said economist Dr. Behrooz Hady Zonooz from Tehran . "  More than ten times he has written letters to bank persons , " said Zonooz , who spoke with banking officials about the founding of the bank . A former professor of economics , Zonooz now runs a development consultancy and has closely followed the embezzlement case . He has also spoken to officials close to it and been allowed to see some of the bank data firsthand . Mashaei and Khosravi also both come from the same province , said Zonooz . Mashaei , the president 's adviser as well as a close personal friend , is also a thorn in the side of Islamist politicians loyal to Khamenei . Hardliners have long called for Mashaei 's dismissal , but Ahmadinejad has held fast to his loyal friend , with whom he now has family ties . In 2008 , Mashaei 's daughter married Ahmadinejad 's eldest son . Mashaei has regularly rankled the religious right with conciliatory tones toward Israel and the United States -- moves considered serious gaffes in Iran -- and his habit of shaking hands with women in formal settings , which is considered culturally impolite by many in Iranian society and thought to be indecent by the religious right . In defense of softer comments toward the United States and Israel , Mashaei has explained to Iranian state TV : "  My statement was that we , the Iranian people , are friends of the whole wide world , even the people of Israel and America . There is no reason for us not to be friends . I did not deny making that statement , and I am not denying it now . " Bold words for a presidential adviser in Iran . Khamenei has rebutted Mashaei 's statements as not reflecting Iran 's position . Mashaei 's praise for historic heroes of pre-Islamic times , when Zoroastrianism -- now a minority faith -- was the religion of the land , has particularly offended Islamist politicians . Even though the Iranian bank fraud , which made use of illegitimate letters of credit , encompasses a much smaller amount of money than the Madoff Ponzi scheme did , it is at least twice the size when compared to Iran 's GDP , according to Zonooz . "  It is about 0.8 % of GDP , " he said . "  If you measure it by the outstanding loans of the banking system to the private sector , it is about 1 % of the outstanding loans . " In other words , 100 such scams "  could take all of the banking system . " The crime involves at least seven banks , Press TV has reported , including two major financial institutions , Bank Sederat and Bank Melli . "  Bank Melli Iran is the biggest banking system in the Islamic world , " said Laylaz . "  It is very big and the oldest bank in the country . This bank has suffered a lot . " Rhetoric linking the embezzlement to the president 's office is as old as the scandal itself . A conservative Islamist newspaper , Kayhan , has been widely credited for bringing the fraud to light , when it reported financial misappropriations and other shady dealings in June in an article headlined "  The Weeds . " The article alleged involvement of people close to Ahmadinejad , whom hardliners have labeled the "  deviant current " for their departure from the righteous principals of Islam in society , politics and economics -- people associated with Ahmadinejad 's friend and adviser Mashaei . "  We hope that the respected president will take out the members of this deviant band like weeds and throw them out of the garden of government , " the article stated , addressing Ahmadinejad . The "  deviant current " label has become a well-established political slight in Iranian state media . The criminal investigation of the embezzlement has lead to 22 arrests and the resignation of three of Iran 's highest banking officials , according to state-run Press TV . The head of Bank Melli fled the country for Canada in late September , Press TV reported . CNN found his name and address on the Internet in a cached view of an Iranian business contact website in Toronto . The phone numbers and website listed did not work . The embezzlement case was referred to the courts in August , Press TV said . Although they have faced criticism in state media , members of the government had not previously been subjects of the bank fraud investigation . But then in first days of October , a commission charged with investigating illegal activity in the judicial and executive branches -- which would include the office of the president -- called up evidence in the case , according to Press TV , in order to scrutinize it for any involvement in the fraud by members of the government . On October 3 , 11 Islamist members of parliament sent a letter to the Article 90 Commission of the Majlis -- Majlis is the name for Iran 's parliament -- demanding that Ahmadinejad be included in their investigation , Mehr News Agency reported . The Mehr article pointed out that just enough parliamentarians accused the president or ministers to require that the matter be immediately investigated . A day later , the hardliners announced they would not follow up on their letter , according to the semi-official Fars News Agency , out of respect after Khamenei said that "  an atmosphere of calm is needed in order for this case to be investigated . " The Mehr article detailed the complicated parliamentary procedure that could lead to the president 's impeachment , which includes at least three rounds of voting . The Mehr News Agency is belongs to the hardline Islamic Propagation Organization . On the same day , Mehr published an article in which Khamenei called for the strictest of punishment for those convicted , urging judicial officials to "  cut off the hands of the traitors . " Corruption is rampant in Iran , and political involvement in it is commonplace , leaving politicians no lack of scandals of which to accuse their opponents , says economist Zonooz . "  Always there has been corruption in the government -- different sectors -- and everybody knows it , but recently , because the rivalry for the next election has increased , they 're trying to use these as a tool against their rival groups , " he said . Transparency International gives Iran the same grade on corruption as Haiti , the Ivory Coast and Libya . The theocratic regime stands near the bottom of TI 's rating list -- number 146 out of 178 nations . Pakistan , Nigeria and Zimbabwe come away better . Fighting corruption is a common mantra espoused by Iran 's political leaders . But they are failing , according to economist Laylaz , and should be held responsible , although he does not name specific government officials . "  The most important thing for politics , for the government , for the judiciary system is that we create an atmosphere in which corruption can not occur , can not appear , " Laylaz said . "  They brought this atmosphere , and in my opinion , they are responsible for this disaster . " Although this bank fraud is the largest in the county 's history , Laylaz believes that it represents less than a quarter of current such crimes in his country . And it will not harm Iran 's economy , he said . "  From an economic point of view , it is not so significant . It will not affect the economy of the country . But from a psychological point of view , it affects very much , " he explained . Zonooz agreed , and said that the seized assets of those arrested will more than cover the economic damage the embezzlement caused . Most of the embezzled money was used to buy companies from the government , he added , placing it into the country 's economy and government coffers . Ahmadinejad 's opponents did not conspire to concoct a presidential scandal out of the bank fraud , Zonooz believes . "  There was no plot , but the timing of this discovery and the intentions of the government authorities is meaningful , " the economist said . Religious ultra-conservative politicians seeking leverage against Ahmadinejad to force him to fall in line with the country 's supreme leader now have the opportunity to associate him -- via his liberal friends -- with the worst embezzlement scandal in the country 's history .	A close adviser to Ahmadinejad has links to the main suspect Iranian economists say government insiders had to be involved The Iranian president rejects claims that he or other government officials involved
CNN Student News  -- October 25 , 2013 The U.S. has been accused of spying on several of its allies . Learn about the allegations and the American response in Friday 's edition of CNN Student News . Plus , we report on the early arrival of some winter weather , and we offer some tips to reduce test-related stress . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might news coverage in a country accused of spying differ from the coverage in the countries that were allegedly spied on ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What kind of instrument from a Titanic victim fetched $ 1.7 million at a recent auction ? 2 . The winter solstice , the day with the least amount of daylight , falls on what date this year ? 3 . Who is the U.S. secretary of Health and Human Services ? 4 . The word "  smog " comes from what two other words ? 5 . The Economic and Social Council , the Trusteeship Council and the Security Council are all bodies of what international organization ? 6 . Which of these is considered the "  stress hormone " : cortisol , insulin , or testosterone ? 7 . What type of disaster recently destroyed hundreds of homes in Australia ? 8 . The United Nations was established almost immediately after the end of what war ? 9 . When does hurricane season officially end ? 10 . Who is Germany 's chancellor ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Europe Germany ; France North America Mexico ; Kansas City , Missouri FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Frankel first , the rest nowhere . Astonishing Frankel won the Queen Anne Stakes , the opening race of Royal Ascot , in spectacular style on Tuesday , smashing a classy field by 11 lengths to reassert his claims to be recognized as the world 's best racehorse . The fans have come in their droves to Royal Ascot this week to see another wonder horse , Black Caviar , the Australian superstar who will make her appearance here on Saturday . But the performance of the week - arguably the performance of the year - has already been seen here . It might just be the race to end all races as the unbeaten Frankel recorded his 11th successive victory . The Sir Henry Cecil-trained four-year-old was sent off at odds of 1-10 on Tuesday , meaning a $ 10 bet would earn you just $ 1 profit . In hindsight , those odds seemed like a good deal . Long time rival Excelebration , whom Frankel beat by a comfortable five lengths at Newbury in May , had been given orders not to let Frankel open up ground . Despite the best efforts of Excelebration 's jockey , Joseph O'Brien , those orders soon proved futile . Once Tom Queally , Frankel 's jockey , opened the tap there was no way any other horse was going to get close to Frankel , the giant bay increasing his lead with every one of his all-devouring strides . Still in full flow as he passed the winning post , it is hard to recall a performance like his by any horse in recent memory . "  Breathtaking " , "  astonishing " , "  brilliant " were just some of the milder adjectives murmured by appreciative fans , even the inexperienced racegoers among them sensing they were witnessing something extraordinary . Is Frankel the greatest racehorse of all time ? Probably . Will we ever see his likes again ? Do n't bet on it .	Unbeaten Frankel wins Queen Anne Stakes in opening race of Royal Ascot meeting Henry Cenci 's colt wins for the 11th time in succession Frankel starts the race as hot favorite at odds of 1-10 Reasserts claims to be recognized as greatest racehorse of all time
CNN  -- Time waits for no man -- not even Tiger Woods . The man who dazzled the world of golf by accumulating 14 majors by the age of 32 has now gone five seasons without a single one . Every January he is asked if this will be the year he gets back on the trail to catch Jack Nicklaus ' record haul of 18 -- every year he says he 's determined to . But 2014 could hold particular resonance for him , as three of the season 's four majors are at venues where he has won before . And as he prepares for his first event on the PGA Tour -- a defense of his Farmers Insurance Open crown -- the world No. 1 has acknowledged he 's had to mold his game as the years have gone by . "  I view it as every year 's a big year , " 38-year-old Woods told a press conference . "  Every year that I get a chance to compete and play in tournaments and major championships for as long as I decide to do it , every year 's a big year , every year counts . "  Looking back from the beginning of my career to now , I know that I do n't have 20 years in my prime . "  I do n't see being 58 and being in my prime . Most guys do n't jump from the foul line at age 58 , so it 's a little different but the outlook is still the same . "  I still prepare the same , I still work my tail off to be ready to compete at this level and beat everything that I 'm playing against . " Woods won five PGA Tour titles in 2013 -- the tenth time in his illustrious career that he 's done so . It took him to a total haul of 79 titles . That performance was enough to see Woods crowned the Tour 's 2013 Player of the Year , even though he failed to seriously threaten any major titles -- tied fourth his best showing at the Masters . And while his game is still in good enough shape to be way out in front at the top of the world rankings , Woods says it is , inevitably , less powerful than it used to be . "  I 'm still able to generate the same amount of club head speed as I did when I was younger , it 's just that I ca n't do it every shot anymore , " Woods said . "  I do n't have the rotational speed that I used to and that 's a fact of aging . I would think that as you get older your skills would start to decline . "  What 's happened is when I started working with  Dave  Pelz in 2004 on certain things with distance control , iron work , wedge work , putting and so forth , it 's all getting better now each year the more I 'm able to work on it , the more I 'm able to practice . " If Woods needed a reminder of where his game used to be in the majors , he will get it this season . He 's triumphed four times at Augusta , scene of the year 's first major -- The Masters -- and finished both second and third at Pinehurst , scene of this season 's U.S. Open . The British Open returns to Royal Liverpool -- where Woods won in 2006 -- before the final major of the season , the PGA Championship , is staged at Valhalla in Kentucky , where Woods took the title in 2000 . With the 40-mark less than two years away , many commentators think these next two seasons will be vital for Woods . The player himself referenced another American sporting great -- legendary basketball star Michael Jordan -- as an example of someone who 'd been able to adapt his game as he got older . "  When you look at  Michael Jordan  when he first came out , he was able to dunk over everybody , but he got beat up by the Pistons three straight playoffs , he was out and next thing you know he built up his body and developed a fadeaway , " Woods said . "  So you do it a different way . You evolve as you age and I think I 've done that so far . "	World No. 1 Tiger Woods admits he 's had to adapt his game the older he gets "  I know that I do n't have 20 years in my prime , " says winner of 14 major titles Woods has n't won a major championship since the U.S. Open in 2008 The 38-year-old starts his season on the PGA Tour this weekend in La Jolla
CNN  -- Two people died Thursday when a fireworks plant exploded near Montreal , federal police in Quebec said . "  You could see the fireworks going off , " said Stacey Hylen , who was bicycling with her husband and 5-year-old daughter to a nearby school to watch her 10-year-old participate in a mini triathlon . "  The kids thought it was fireworks for the start of their triathlon , " Hylen , 41 , told CNN in a telephone interview . The plant is located a mile north of the school in the town of Coteau-du-Lac , nearly an hour 's drive southwest of Montreal . As the explosions continued , it became clear that was not the case . "  It was like a bomb , " she said . "  It was so loud . Like , at first you were thinking it was dynamite . It just kept going on and on . And then , when you saw the mushroom cloud it was like , woah ! It just freaked me out . It shook . I had friends tell me it shook their house , and they live miles away . " Soon after , thick black smoke emerged from the roof of one of the factory 's two buildings , both corrugated-metal structures about 20 feet tall . The children were sent into the school gymnasium , she said . "  The cloud was really black and scary looking . You did n't want to breathe it . " Fireworks shot from one building to the other , about half a football field away , and both structures were soon in flames , she said . Across the parking lot , a store that sells fireworks and souvenirs was unscathed , she said . Soon , police and fire vehicles arrived , but firefighters were initially unable to approach the buildings , which continued to be rocked by explosions . Highway 20 , which connects Montreal with Toronto , was shut in both directions for hours . Residents and businesses within a kilometer of the BEM plant were evacuated as a precaution , Quebec Provincial Police Sgt. Joyce Kemp said . An investigation was under way to determine the cause of the fire , she said . The triathlon was canceled . CNN 's Justin Lear contributed to this report	"  You could see the fireworks going off , " says mother who watched from a nearby school Everyone within a kilometer of the plant is evacuated The plant is nearly an hour 's drive southwest of Montreal
CNN  -- Margot Fonteyn , one of only two British dancers appointed Prima Ballerina Assoluta , is your most iconic dancer of the 20th century . Last month , CNN 's arts and culture program , icon , asked you to vote for your top five iconic dancers of the last century . Partnered , at 42 , with the considerably younger Rudolf Nureyev , the duo was catapulted to star status and Fonteyn 's dancing career spanned two more decades . Breakdancing pioneer Ken Swift came in second place . Swift is credited with establishing hip hop as a legitimate dance movement and creating many of its classic moves . One of The New York City Ballet 's greatest stars , Suzanne Farrell , took third place , while modern dancer Judith Jamison and ballet 's Mikhail Baryshnikov rounded out the top five . In February , we want to know who you think is the greatest classical composer of all time . We 'll name your top five on when the show airs on February 24 .	Margot Fonteyn is your most iconic dancer of the 20th century Ken Swift and Suzanne Farrell have also been voted in your top five In February , we want to know who you think is the greatest classical composer
CNN  -- The love affair between BlackBerry devotees and their mobile communicators is becoming strained , and some of them made the quarrel very public this week after a service outage . Fans often discuss the intimate details about why they are attached at the hip to smartphones made by Research in Motion -- the clack-clack of the tiny keys , the feel of the trackball or square pad on their thumbs , the informative indicator light calling out for attention . They affectionately call it the "  CrackBerry . " After the recent outage , which RIM says was caused by a server error , some longtime BlackBerry users are writing goodbye letters on blogs , and on message boards operated and frequented by the CrackBerry collective . Richie , a British member of a Web forum called CrackBerry , summed up the concerns , saying RIM has been "  chipping away our faith " in the company 's ability to satisfy customers . In interviews with reporters , RIM executives issued apologies , which they also made public in a recorded video , but they avoided questions about whether they planned to offer incentives as compensation for the millions of customers affected by the outage . RIM did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the matter . By comparison , after Sony restored its network this summer following a lengthy outage , the company compensated users of its subscription service , and gave free games and movie rentals to all users . Netflix has offered small discounts to customers affected by technical troubles . Despite RIM 's lack of public comment , an AT&T customer in Cleveland wrote on the CrackBerry message boards that he received a credit on his bill when he called to complain about the outage . RIM customers still holding onto their faith in the company should pay close attention to a conference being held in San Francisco next week . The pressure on BlackBerry from competitors is mounting , and RIM 's promised next-generation models , with dual-core processors and large touchscreens , are overdue . A CrackBerry forum member , posting under the alias N8star , says he is giving up his BlackBerry Torch 9850 "  after years of being treated like a battered spouse by RIM , " he wrote . His wife urged him to switch to an iPhone , and he says he will acquiesce . Jim Kerstetter , the executive editor for technology website CNET , published an editorial on Thursday titled "  RIM , you 're dead to me now . " He writes that he has defended BlackBerry , despite the lack of multimedia features , but that the recent outage has spurred him to switch phones and operating systems . RIM still has a comfortable hold on corporate buyers , who snap up large orders for employees . Security experts tend to trust BlackBerry more than other smartphone platforms . However , even tech departments in companies are becoming more lenient on this policy . David Hurst , who was waiting in line to buy an iPhone 4S for his wife at a store in Atlanta , said her company "  has finally approved for her to switch from BlackBerry to iPhone , and her BlackBerry is just falling apart . " In the now crucial mobile-consumer market , Google and Apple both lead BlackBerry in sales , a trend expected to continue into the crucial holiday shopping season . A combined 69 % of smartphone buyers say they plan to get either an Android phone or iPhone , while only 8 % indicated that BlackBerry was at the top of their shopping lists , according to an NPD study from this summer . RIM is "  struggling to compete against Apple and Android , " NPD analyst Linda Barrabee said in a phone interview . "  The outage comes at a really opportune time . ... You 've got , during the same week , the availability of the iPhone 4S . " Among the dedicated Apple followers who lined up outside stores around the world to buy the new iPhone on Friday , some reluctant people waiting at stores told CNN that they were there because they believed BlackBerry was too far behind the technological curve . Outside the Apple Store in Los Gatos , California , a few spots behind Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak in line , Karol McBrian held a spot for her son . She is a longtime BlackBerry user , but she said she is changing allegiances . She will be inheriting her son 's iPhone 4 . Teresa Sparks , a 41-year-old nurse in Atlanta , waited in a line across the country from McBrian to buy her iPhone , which will replace a BlackBerry . She is especially excited about Siri , the voice-assistant technology that Apple has promoted heavily . "  I do n't know who made it ; I do n't care , " she said . "  I just want the personal assistant . " CNN 's Umika Pidaparthy contributed to this report .	A RIM outage this week sparked some outrage among BlackBerry customers RIM faces competitive pressure , most recently from the iPhone 4S BlackBerry addicts are threatening to ditch their longtime phone of choice
Jerusalem  CNN  -- For Israelis waking up to their newspapers this past Sunday , the front pages offered a shocking and repulsive sight . Photographs of ultra-orthodox children donning yellow stars and striped prison uniforms reminiscent of the Holocaust stared back at them . The arresting images were taken at a Saturday night rally in Jerusalem staged by a radical ultra-orthodox sect to protest what their members claimed was incitement against their community by the media and the Israeli government . The protest , which drew widespread condemnation from all corners of the country , is the latest development in an increasingly acrimonious conflict between members of Israel 's ultra-orthodox community , known as the Haredim , against the Jewish Israeli mainstream . In recent weeks many Israelis have been waging a high-profile public campaign against attempts by some in the ultra-orthodox community to enforce a strict form of gender segregation and rules of modesty on females outside of their community . In cities with larger ultra-orthodox populations this has played out in public buses and in some stores with with Haredi men insisting on strict separation between men and women . In some neighborhoods , billboards with images of women have been defaced -- leading some advertisers to stop using photographs of women in their campaigns . The issue hit critical mass , however , with the story of eight-year-old Israeli girl Naama Margolese . In a nationally televised news report , the bespectacled and pony-tailed schoolgirl broke down in tears and expressed terror at the prospect of walking several hundred yards to her school in the mixed community of Beit Shemesh for fear of being spat on and cursed at by ultra-orthodox neighbors who thought Margolese and her mother were not dressed modestly enough . The broadcast sparked a wave of criticism and prompted Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to speak out against the segregation of women , referring to it as "  an unacceptable phenomenon that goes against the values of Judaism and democracy . " Several thousands Israelis rallied in Beith Shemesh the next week demanding the government do more to curb the influence of ultra-orthodox elements whom they accused of being a Taliban-like minority . Ultra-orthodox leaders have warned warn that their community should not be judged based on the actions of a radical few , and contend that the conflict with other parts of Israeli society is overblown . "  The Haredi community accepts the will of the secular community to live their lives in their neighborhoods as they wish , " says Rabbi Shmuel Poppenheim of the Eda Haredit sect . "  I do not want to impose myself on the secular public . " But the Israeli mainstream 's divide with the ultra-orthodox community goes much deeper than issues of gender segregation . The Haredim , who make up approximately 10 % of the country according to government figures , are the fastest growing segment of the population and constitute a powerful voting block in Israel 's coalition government . They have used this power to maintain government subsidies for working-age men to study the Torah full-time and protect the ability for ultra-orthodox Israelis to win easy exemptions from compulsory military service . These arrangements have prompted a growing sense of resentment and anger among other Israelis , says author and columnist Bradley Burston . "  What people are thinking is that this is absolutely unsustainable , " says Burston . "  They ca n't go on providing these kinds of subsidies for this kind of lifestyle , especially if it seems that the same people you are subsidizing are going to turn on you and turn on Jews everywhere because they do n't like their behavior . " While the tensions between the ultra-orthodox and other Israelis are not likely to result in a major schism anytime soon , Burston believes the Haredi community needs to do a better job at integrating into Israeli society . If not , he says , the schism could become a major crisis for Israel in the years ahead .	Tensions increasing between Israel 's ultra-orthodox community and Israeli mainstream The Haredim make up roughly 10 % of Israel and are fastest growing segment of population The Haredim constitute a powerful voting block in Israel 's coalition government
CNN  -- As the number of children with autism has risen dramatically over the past couple of decades , experts have learned that the earlier a child gets diagnosed , the earlier specialized therapy can be initiated , which can significantly improve outcomes . Now researchers have been able to show that a particular type of behavioral therapy called the Early Start Denver Model  ESDM  not only improves autism symptoms , but actually normalizes brain activity and improves social behavior . Autism is a neurodevelopmental disorder that starts to become very apparent around age 3 . The main signs and symptoms of autism involve communication , social interactions and repetitive behaviors . According to the latest statistics from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , one in 88 children currently is diagnosed with autism , including one in 54 boys . "  Early intervention alters the trajectory of the brain and social development in children with autism , " says Geraldine Dawson , the lead study author who developed the ESDM therapy along with study co-author Sally Rogers . Dawson was a researcher at the University of Washington when she helped devise ESDM ; she 's now the chief science officer for the advocacy and research group Autism Speaks and a professor at the University of North Carolina . Rogers is a professor and researcher at the University of California Davis MIND Institute . ESDM therapy uses teaching methods from ABA , or applied behavioral analysis , the traditional one-on-one interaction between a child and the therapist . But rather than sitting at a desk next to the child -- where a teacher or therapist breaks down complex tasks into small components and gives tangible reinforcements -- children receiving ESDM are sitting on the floor , playing with their therapist or parents . It can be done just about anywhere , and Dawson says the play-based method of engaging a child helps him or her develop a social relationship . Autism event pegged to U.N. draws story of perseverance The study began with 48 children in Seattle and Sacramento , California , who were between who were between 1 1/2 and 2 1/2 years old . Half of the children received a total of 20 hours of ESDM therapy over five days a week . But since parents can be taught the methods in just a few hours , they could engage their children using the ESDM method as well . The other half of the toddlers received community-based interventions , which included in some individual therapist sessions and some day care-based sessions . The number of hours spent with therapists was the same in both groups . Three years ago , Rogers and Dawson published their first findings from this study and found that children receiving ESDM therapy increased their IQ and language skills three times more than children in the community-intervention group . That in itself was "  very significant , " says Dr. Thomas Insel , director of the National Institute of Mental Health , because it proved that early detection and intervention leads to improved outcomes . In their latest study , published Friday in the Journal of the American Academy of Child & Adolescent Psychiatry , Rogers and Dawson show what parts of a child 's brain are active after two years of therapy , compared to typically developing children , using an EEG  electroencephalogram  . In an EEG , electrical activity in different parts of the brain is measured using electrodes that attached to the child 's head . "  If the child wiggles too much , the data is not interpretable , " says Dawson . In the end , researchers could only get 60 % of the children to sit still enough to get usable EEG results , she says , but that was true in both the group of children with autism and those without . Fifteen children in the EDSM group , 14 in the community intervention group and 17 typically developing children underwent EEGs while looking at pictures of faces  social stimuli  vs. pictures of toys  nonsocial stimuli  . Technicians measuring the brain activity had no idea which children had autism and which did not . "  Children who received ESDM now showed a normal  brain  response , identical to typical 4-year-olds , " Dawson tells CNN . That was n't the case with most children who did n't have ESDM therapy . With autism , no longer invisible Babies are naturally drawn to people and faces , and their brains show greater responses when they look at a face , compared to an object or a toy , Dawson says . But in young and even older children with autism , the opposite happens . The part of the brain that should be responding to a face or social activity does n't light up , but the part of the brain that responds to objects is more active . Insel says this study shows that the ESDM form of therapy "  not only changes behavior , it changes the brain . " The exact cause , or more precisely causes , of autism are unknown and there is no cure . Parents and pediatricians are urged to look for early signs of autism including : little or no eye contact , lack of or delay of spoken language , repetitive use of language and behaviors and persistent fixation on parts of objects . Since 2007 , the American Academy of Pediatrics recommends that pediatricians screen 18 - and 24-month-old toddlers for signs of autism . When something is wrong in the brain -- not just in autism , but also in diseases like Alzheimer 's and Parkinson 's -- what 's causing the disease is occurring much earlier than when symptoms appear , Insel explains . Based on the new findings , perhaps using EEGs to measure this type of brain activity could be a biomarker for autism , he says . A biomarker is a distinct characteristic that indicates a particular condition . Measuring a baby 's brain activity as early as 3 and 6 months could identify changes in the brain before changes in behavior are noticed , he says , and therapy could begin even earlier . The ESDM model could be applied as early as 12 months , say Dawson and Rogers . More research will probably have to be done to confirm the biomarker . So until there is a definitive test for diagnosing autism , Dawson says this it 's even more important that pediatricians screen children for autism as early as possible . "  The average age of diagnosis is still 4 and 5 and even older in minority groups , " she says . "  We really need to close the gap . " Autism Speaks has many tools on its website to help parents see what a child with autism looks like compared to a typically developing child . There are also many tool kits to help families of children with autism . Why autistic kids make easy targets for school bullies	A type of behavioral therapy can actually normalize brain activity in kids with autism The Early Start Denver Model is a type of play therapy Measuring brain activity could be a biomarker for autism , experts say About 1 in 88 children are diagnosed with autism , according to the CDC
A New York woman who falsely claimed to be a grieving family member of a Sandy Hook shooting victim and set up a fake charity to defraud donors has been sentenced to eight months in prison , according to a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's office . Nouel Alba , 37 , will also serve two years of supervised release but will not have to pay a fine , said Thomas Carson of the U.S. Attorney 's office . Alba plead guilty in June to wire fraud and lying to FBI agents , federal prosecutors in Connecticut said . Alba , prosecutors said , set up false bank accounts and claimed she was collecting for a "  funeral fund " set up on behalf of Noah Pozner , one of the 20 children killed in the December attacks . The woman allegedly claimed to be an aunt of the Sandy Hook Elementary School student . Donations were solicited on a Facebook page that Alba had created and to which she had posted photos of Noah . Donors sent $ 240 to a PayPal account between December 14 and 20 , federal prosecutors in New York said earlier this year . Alba 's public defender , Deirdre Murray , did not respond to CNN 's request for comment . CNN was alerted to the story by a relative of the Pozner family . A CNN producer and camera crew went to Alba 's home in the Bronx , New York . She said that the bank account referenced on her Facebook page did in fact belong to her . Alba denied being involved in a scam during an appearance on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " in December . The U.S. Attorney 's office said FBI agents contacted Alba after seeing the CNN report and that she told the agents the same thing she told CNN . Alba falsely told agents that she did not post information related to Newtown on her Facebook account or have contact with anyone about such postings or access her PayPal account , prosecutors said in a statement . "  The thought that someone would scheme so quickly and deliberately to benefit from an unspeakable tragedy is beyond belief , " Kimberly Mertz , FBI special agent in charge , said in a statement . "  While there was n't a substantial loss of money in this investigation , there were losses beyond any pecuniary measure . " The indictment against Alba in December cited CNN 's reporting . Noah , 6 , and 19 other children and six adults were shot to death at the Newtown school on December 14 . The gunman , Adam Lanza , 20 , killed himself after the rampage . Remember the victims of the Sandy Hook shootings Newtown mom : ` Real heroes ' in America 's schools	Bronx resident Nouel Alba , 37 , will also serve two years of supervised release She pleaded guilty in June to wire fraud and lying to FBI agents Prosecutors : Alba falsely claimed to be an aunt of massacre victim Noah Pozner She set up a Facebook page asking for funeral donations , they say
Washington  CNN  -- School bullying is the target of a two-day summit in Washington that kicked off Wednesday morning with Education Secretary Arne Duncan saying bullying undermines learning in schools . "  It is an absolute travesty of our educational system when students fear for their safety at school , worry about being bullied , or suffer discrimination , taunts , because of their ethnicity , their religion , sexual orientation , disability , or host of other reasons , " said Duncan . Just under a third of students ages 12-18 reported that they had been bullied in school in a recent study by the National Center for Education statistics . The study , done during the 2007-2008 school year , found that the harassment predominantly came in the form of "  being made fun of " and "  being the subject of rumors . " Bullying differs from teasing , according to Kevin Jennings with the Education Department 's Office of Safe and Drug-Free Schools , which is hosting the first-ever summit on bullying . One reason is that bullying generally involves a power imbalance , he said . . "  The key thing that defines bullying versus teasing is that bullying has ... an impact on the student 's ability to achieve and to want to be at school , " Jennings said . "  Teasing sometimes is unpleasant but  if  it escalates to the point where you actually see students do worse in school or actually avoid areas in school or avoid coming to school , then it goes from teasing to bullying . " The bullying summit , which is being attended by government officials as well as superintendents , researchers , corporate leaders and students , looks to come up with a national plan to reduce and end bullying . "  Part of the reason we are focusing on bullying is we want to intervene in this cycle early on , before it escalates to harassment and violence and we have horrible incidents like we 've all seen on the evening news that terrifies every parent in America , " Jennings said .	The Education Department is holding its first-ever summit on school bullying Study : Nearly a third of students ages 12-18 reported being bullied in school The summit looks to come up with a plan to reduce and end bullying
CNN  -- Spinner Saeed Ajmal tore through England 's batting line up as Pakistan took control of the first Test in Dubai , in the first clash between the two countries since the spot-fixing scandal of 2010 . Ajamal took 7-55 as England were dismissed for just 192 , having won the toss and elected to bat . By the close of play Pakistan had reached 42-0 , trailing their opponents by just 150 runs . The last time the pair came face to face was two years ago in England , during a controversial series that eventually saw the prosecution of three Pakistan players for their part in a spot-fixing betting scam . Former captain Salman Butt and fast bowlers Mohammad Amir and Mohammad Asif were found guilty of deliberately bowling no-balls in a Test match at London 's Lord 's stadium and all three are currently serving custodial sentences . Both sides insisted in the lead up to their series , played in the United Arab Emirates due to the ongoing ban on Pakistan playing matches in their home country , that they were keen to move on from the incidents . And it was Pakistan who dominated proceedings in Dubai as Ajmal claimed a seven-wicket haul for the first time in his career , accounting for captain Andrew Strauss , Kevin Pietersen and Ian Bell in the space of ten deliveries . Only wicketkeeper Matt Prior looked comfortable at the crease as he compiled a diligent 70 not out , with Eoin Morgan contributing 24 and Graeme Swann 34 . Ajmal then took three of the final four wickets as England were bowled out in just 73 overs . At the close Pakistan openers Mohammad Hafeez and Taufeeq Umar were unbeaten , compiling 42 runs between them . "  It 's the best performance of my life , " Ajmal was quoted as saying on the England and Wales Cricket Board 's website . "  I bowled wicket to wicket , and there were a few bad shots as well . "  I am very happy because today is the best bowling of my career . I just tried to bowl line and length , bowl at middle stump and bowl a little bit low . "  I have my best bowling against England , my best batting against England so I 'm happy . They are the number one team and I put in a good performance . "	England slump to 192 all out in first Test against Pakistan in Dubai Pakistan reach 42-0 at the close of play to take charge of the match Spinner Saeed Ajmal takes 7-55 as world No. 1 ranked Test team toil Last series between the two teams was dominated by spot-fixing scandal
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Chris Brown checked out of a rehab facility , but he will continue the program as an outpatient , his representative told CNN on Thursday . The singer entered an in-patient rehabilitation center last month , a day after he was released from a Washington , D.C. jail following his arrest on an assault charge . When Brown entered the rehab program on October 28 , Perna said , "  His goal is to gain focus and insight into his past and recent behavior , enabling him to continue the pursuit of his life and his career from a healthier vantage point . " "  Chris is continuing his rehab program as an outpatient and is also completing his community service in the Los Angeles area , " rep Nicole Perna said Thursday . "  He appreciates all of your encouragement and support . " Brown must complete 1,000 hours of community labor in Los Angeles as part of his punishment for beating former girlfriend Rihanna on the eve of the Grammys in February 2009 . The behavior that has landed Brown , 24 , in legal trouble over the past several years has been anger management . His arrest on a sidewalk near the White House on October 27 put Brown on a path toward a possible prison sentence because of his California probation . The U.S. attorney in the District of Columbia charged Brown and his bodyguard with simple assault for a brawl last month in which a 20-year-old Maryland man suffered a broken nose . The Rihanna incident resulted in a felony domestic violence conviction that carried a lengthy probation period . A judge found Brown in violation of that probation in August because of discrepancies in proving he fulfilled the court-ordered 1,400 hours of community labor . He imposed another 1,000 hours of work . Brown is in a vulnerable position . The Los Angeles judge overseeing his felony probation could order him to complete as many as four years in prison for the beating of Rihanna if he is found in violation of probation . Secret Service report could help Chris Brown 's defense Brown is due in a Los Angeles court on November 20 for a probation status hearing . Prosecutors are waiting on the probation officer 's report due next week to decide whether they will seek to put him behind bars , a spokeswoman said . The Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office appears in no mood to cut Brown any breaks , which suggests that prosecutors will ask for jail time for him because of the arrest in Washington . The probation officer 's job is to prepare a report for the Los Angeles judge . While the simple assault charge is a misdemeanor , it could trigger a probation revocation . Going to rehab -- as his rep said "  to gain focus and insight into his past and recent behavior " -- could allow Brown lawyer Mark Geragos to argue that the entertainer is getting proper help for his core problem . The statement from Brown 's rep did not disclose where the singer is going for rehab or what might be a "  healthier vantage point " for him . Rihanna and Chris Brown 's relationship through the years CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Brown entered rehabilitation a day after his release from jail He needed rehab to "  gain focus and insight " into his behavior , his rep says Brown will continue rehab as an outpatient The singer is due in court next week concerning his probation
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- Japanese authorities arrested an activist from New Zealand on Friday for illegal trespassing after he boarded a whaling ship last month in waters off the Antarctic . Peter James Bethune , 44 , is accused of jumping from a Jet Ski onto the Shonan Maru 2 , the security ship of a Japanese whaling fleet , after the Ady Gil boat , of which Bethune was captain , sank . Bethune belongs to the activist group Sea Shepherd Conservation Society . The group said the New Zealander was attempting to make a citizen 's arrest of the Shonan Maru 2 skipper for the collision that sank the Ady Gil , a futuristic vessel used to intercept and block harpoon ships , in January . Hirotaka Akamatsu , Japan 's minister of agriculture , forestry and fisheries , said Japan would take a firm stance against Bethune . He said Sea Shepherd 's acts were not acceptable . "  Their violent acts are escalating , " Akamatsu said . Bethune was taken into custody a month ago aboard the Shonan Maru 2 , which arrived from Antarctic waters -- where Japan conducts its annual whale hunt -- back to Japan on Friday . He was formally arrested then . Bethune has legal representation in Japan , said Sea Shepherd spokeswoman Traci Walter . A spokesperson for the New Zealand Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade said the government was providing consular assistance to Bethune on his arrival in Japan . The Bethune case highlights an ongoing feud between Japanese whaling fleets and conservation agencies , especially the hardline Sea Shepherd . Activists have used butyric acid -- found in rancid butter and vomit -- and fired paint guns at Japanese whaling ships , which in turn have repelled protesters with water cannons . Japan 's Institute of Cetacean Research , a branch of the fisheries ministry that deals with whaling , accuses Sea Shepherd of jeopardizing the safety of fleets that are conducting research legally . Sea Shepherd uses its boats to interfere with whaling and fishing boats , and its efforts have included ramming a Portuguese whaler in 1979 . Two years ago , Sea Shepherd activists boarded a Japanese ship and handcuffed themselves to the vessel with plastic ties . Japanese authorities had called the Shonan Maru 2 incident the latest "  publicity stunt " by Sea Shepherd activists . Sea Shepherd has accused the Shonan Maru 2 of destroying the Ady Gil during the skirmish in the Southern Ocean -- a term used to describe parts of the Indian , Pacific and Atlantic oceans that surround Antarctica . However , Japanese authorities deny their ship intentionally hit the high-tech catamaran and have said the activists were harassing their whaling fleet . In the early 1980s , the International Whaling Commission determined that there should be a moratorium on commercial whale hunting . But whaling is allowed under international law when done for scientific reasons , which Japan cites as the legal basis for its hunts . The country 's annual hunt kills up to 1,000 whales a year .	Bethune belongs to Sea Shepherd Conservation Society Group : Bethune was trying to make citizen 's arrest of Shonan Maru 2 skipper Skipper was involved in collision that sank Ady Gil , which targets harpoon ships Sea Shepherd : Bethune has legal representation in Japan
CNN  -- Susan Denise Atkins , a former member of the Manson family who killed pregnant actress Sharon Tate during a two-day killing spree in 1969 , has died , according to a California corrections spokesman . She was 61 . Susan Atkins , here with husband James Whitehouse , died Thursday night after a battle with brain cancer . Atkins died at 11:46 p.m. PT Thursday  2:46 a.m. Friday ET  at the Central California Women 's Facility in Chowchilla , said Terry Thornton with the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation . Atkins , California 's longest-serving female inmate , was suffering from terminal brain cancer . Since she entered prison in 1971 , she became a born-again Christian who worked to help at-risk youth , victims of violent crimes and homeless children , among others , according to a Web site maintained by her attorney and husband , James Whitehouse . But Atkins was best known for her actions in 1969 when as a 21-year-old she and other Manson family members participated in seven murders over two days , a rampage that terrorized Los Angeles . By her own admission , Atkins held Tate , who was the eight months ' pregnant , down as the 26-year-old actress pleaded for mercy , stabbing her 16 times . In a 1993 parole board hearing , Atkins said Tate "  asked me to let her baby live . ... I told her I did n't have any mercy on her . " After stabbing Tate to death , Atkins -- known in the family as Sadie Mae Glutz -- scrawled the word "  pig " in blood on the door of the home Tate shared with her husband , director Roman Polanski , according to historical accounts of the murders . Polanski was not home at the time , but three of Tate 's houseguests -- Abigail Folger , Jay Sebring and Voytek Frykowski -- were killed . Also slain was teenager Steven Parent , who was visiting the home 's caretaker in his cottage out back . All of those involved -- Manson , Atkins , Leslie Van Houten , Patricia Krenwinkel and Charles "  Tex " Watson -- were convicted in connection with the five deaths that night and the killings of Leno and Rosemary LaBianca the following night . Atkins also was convicted in the earlier murder of music teacher Gary Hinman . They were all sentenced to death . But their sentences were automatically commuted to life in prison when the U.S. Supreme Court struck down the nation 's death penalty laws in 1972 . Atkins ' brain cancer was diagnosed in March 2008 , Whitehouse wrote on his Web site . On May 15 , 2008 , doctors predicted she would live less than six months . But she passed that deadline , he wrote , and celebrated her 21st wedding anniversary on December 7 . In July 2008 , Atkins requested a "  compassionate release " from the California Board of Parole Hearings . It was denied by unanimous decision . Her request was opposed by Tate 's sister , Debra , Los Angeles County prosecutors and California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , among others . On September 2 , a panel from the Board of Parole Hearings denied Atkins ' suitability for parole in a hearing , her 13th . Atkins ' hospital bed was wheeled into the hearing room for the proceeding , and she appeared to sleep through much of it . For her statement , her husband helped her deliver the 23rd Psalm . She spoke in a high , cracked voice . During the roughly six-hour-long hearing , Debra Tate asked the board commissioners not to free Atkins . "  There has never been any hate in my heart for these people , " she said . "  I am incapable of hating . I commend them -- always have commended them -- for their good deeds that they have managed to accomplish within the walls of confinement . However , I do believe that the death of my sister , my nephew -- which would be turning 40 years old right now , this week -- is not an irrelevant cause . " Atkins was described as a model prisoner who accepted responsibility for her crime , but Tate said Atkins had never offered her an apology . Sebring 's nephew , Anthony DiMaria , also spoke at the parole suitability hearing . "  I feel genuine compassion for Ms. Atkins as she deals with this disease , " he told parole commissioners , "  but in no way should an illness dealt by fate mitigate punishment for crimes of this magnitude . " Atkins was housed in the California Institution for Women at Frontera until May 2008 when her declining health prompted a move to Central California Women 's Facility . On his Web site , Whitehouse wrote that as of spring 2009 , Atkins was paralyzed over 85 percent of her body and could not sit up in bed or even be moved into a wheelchair . Like most of the other former Manson family members , Atkins shunned Manson during her incarceration . "  He is a liar , a con artist , a physical abuser of women and children , a psychological and emotional abuser of human beings , a thief , a dope pusher , a kidnaper , a child stealer , a pimp , a rapist and a child molester , " she wrote in a manuscript posted on her Web site . "  I can attest to all of these things with my own eyes . And he was all of these things before he was a murderer . " Atkins gave birth to a son while living at Spahn Ranch , an old movie set , with other members of the Manson family . While she was on death row , she wrote , he was legally taken from her because no one in her family was willing to raise him . "  His name and identity have been changed and sealed , so I have no idea where he is or how he is doing , " she wrote . "  I have since been told his name was changed to Paul , and whether or not that is true I like it . ... My continuing separation from my son , even after all these years , remains an incredibly poignant and enduring loss . " Ironically , Sharon Tate planned to name her unborn son Paul . The gravestone bears the inscription Paul Richard Polanski .	Former Manson family member Susan Atkins dies at 61 Atkins stabbed actress Sharon Tate to death in 1969 Atkins was California 's longest-serving female inmate Manson family members ' murderous rampage terrorized Los Angeles in late '60s
CNN  -- A lot of us were rooting for Jimmy Fallon on Monday night . Given the contentious recent history of the host chair -- Leno to O'Brien to Leno -- he was standing on a media trapdoor , with critics just waiting to pull the lever . Early reviews say he not only survived one of the highest-pressure debuts ever -- he killed it . If nothing else , a big debut buys you time . But does victimless humor -- the kind that does not slice , dice and julienne its subjects -- have legs in a culture that likes its entertainment with a serrated edge ? It 's a question that applies across demographics -- from the prized millennials , who have grown up on the discord of reality television ; to the baby boomers , who are decades into acerbic late night as we know it -- and will have to adjust to bits like slow rolling the news . It 's a tough neighborhood , with Jimmy a little like Bambi walking the streets of a war zone . Or , as Stephen Colbert jokingly  but not inaccurately  said on Monday night : "  Welcome to 11:30 , bitch . " One of Fallon 's established competitors , David Letterman , in a recent monologue said that Rosie O'Donnell met her fiancÃ © e when her car broke down and Rosie "  pulls up behind her in her tow truck . "  Pause for nervous laughter at the lesbian joke .  Rosie , predictably , was not amused , firing back to Dave : "  I do n't remember making fun of you when you had sex with all your interns . " Jimmy 's humor can be topical , but almost always with a softer touch : Hillary Clinton saying she does n't know if she 'll run for president is like him saying "  I still do n't know if I 'll have a beer on St. Patrick 's Day . " Somehow , I do n't think there will be any fights with Rosie . And in a broader context , it 's a tough entertainment media in general . Look no further than reality television , populated by macho slimeballs , back-biting boyfriend stealers and assorted high achievers in the low art of interpersonal nastiness . There is a whole new genre allowing us to make fun of rural America . No , Mama June , we 're not laughing with you . There is even research that the mean-spirited swamp that is reality TV is starting to seep into the culture in general . Researchers at Iowa State University showed 250 women three scenes : one violent , one frightening and one showing gossip -- including a woman who ostracized a friend . All got a response , but the highest mental arousal was category three , which the researchers termed "  relational aggression . " In other words , watching people be mean to each other may "  prime the brain " to be mean ourselves . Jimmy 's  we 're all friends just joking around  humor might be up against something even bigger -- right in his demographic sweet spot . A University of Michigan Institute of Social Research study looked at 72 studies of empathy among college students over 30 years . They found that empathy -- the ability to identify with others and relate to their feelings -- has dropped an incredible 40 % since 2000 . Among the reasons : the technology-driven isolation , a generational sense of entitlement and social media 's ability to call attention to ourselves . Also responsible is the winning-is-everything sports culture and huge paydays for those who climb to the top of their fields . All told , if there were a sequel today to Dr. Thomas Harris ' classic "  I 'm OK , You 're OK " , it might be : "  I 'm OK , You 're Pathetic . " Can Jimmy save the world from mean humor ? Doubtful ; there is a big market for cynical , biting and demeaning . But let 's hope that his first show says there is also room for just plain funny . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peggy Drexler .	Peggy Drexler : Critics were waiting to see Fallon fall on his face , but he scored big Drexler : Can Fallon 's "  nice guy " humor compete with TV 's reality show nastiness ? She says research shows mean-spiritedness , inability to empathize is seeping into culture Drexler : Fallon wo n't reduce nasty humor , but his "  just plain funny " style can succeed
Ars Technica  -- After months of fanfare and anticipation , gigabit home Internet service Google Fiber finally went live on Tuesday in Kansas City . The search giant is offering 1 Gbps speeds for just $ 70 per month -- significantly faster and cheaper than what any traditional American ISPs are offering . "  We just got it today and I 've been stuck in front of my laptop for the last few hours , " Mike Demarais , founder of Threedee , told Ars . "  It 's unbelievable . I 'm probably not going to leave the house . " He lives in a four-bedroom house run by "  Homes For Hackers " on Kansas City 's Hanover Heights neighborhood , just on the state border with Missouri . The house has become one of the hubs for the KC Startup Village , an informal group of entrepreneurs who have clustered around homes immediately eligible for Google Fiber . Five cool things about Google Fiber Meanwhile , Demarais said that on an Ethernet connection , he 's seen consistent Google Fiber speeds of 600 to 700 Mbps , with Wi-Fi topping out around 200 Mbps . Even at the slower wireless speeds , that 's more than an order of magnitude faster than what most Americans have at home . "  The first thing I did was BitTorrent Ubuntu , " he said . "  I think that took two minutes , let me try it again right now . " Prior to Tuesday , Demarais -- one of the house 's first two residents -- said he 'd been working out of local McDonald 's and Panera locations for their free Wi-Fi . Mi Wi-Fi es tu Wi-Fi The Homes For Hackers , founded by local Web developer Ben Barreth , had originally been conceived as a matchmaking scheme between entrepreneurs who wanted a free place to live and work , and local families who would open their homes to them .  Ars covered that effort back in August . But once Google announced its fiber rollout schedule , Barreth realized the families that had signed up were not going to get crazy speeds until Summer 2013 . So he took matters into his own hands and , with his wife 's blessing , he liquidated his Roth IRA to put 20 percent down on a house they eventually bought for $ 48,000 in September 2012 . The couple has no plans to profit from the house . Instead , they want to use it as a way to nurture Kansas City 's nascent tech community . He 's letting entrepreneurs like Demarais live in the house rent-free and utilities-free for three months -- they just have to pay for their own groceries . "  We 're strong , devout Christians , " Barreth told Ars . "  I 've been pushing on doors and a lot of doors have opened for me . I feel like this is what I 'm supposed to do right now . It does n't make a lot of financial sense but I really think it will benefit Kansas City . The whole reason why -LSB- we bought the house -RSB- was that no one in Kansas City was really exploiting fiber like we could be and this is the way I can bring in individuals that will exploit it . It helps that it 's not a really expensive house . -LSB- My wife -RSB- is a stay-at-home mom with two kids too , so we 're living off my one salary , and it 's still a strain . It 's a still a big strain . " He anticipates getting donations , sponsorships , or , the most-likely scenario , renting out one of the bedrooms via AirBnB to the first Google Fiber "  tourists " -- people who might want to come for a day or two at a time to try it out . "  $ 50 a night for 10 nights a month would cover mortgage and most of the utilities , " he said . Barreth has been so busy dealing with local media requests that he has n't yet had a chance to use the connection himself -- he and his family live about 20 minutes away from the second house , and their neighborhood was not included in the first rollout regions . Kansas City , setting itself apart Demarais said he knew he 's been spoiled : "  Wherever I go after this , my Internet speed is going to be ruined . " His company , Threedee , hopes to provide an added benefit to the growing 3D printing ecosystem . "  We 're building a front-end dev toolkit that lets developers view and manipulate 3D models in a browser , " he said . "  We have an API that lets you communicate those models directly to 3D printers entirely in javascript without need to convert to a 3D model . We want to shake up manufacturing with tools that will allow people to buy products made for them . " Demarais moved to Kansas City from Boston to work on his new startup -- and while the move was driven in part by Google Fiber , being able to live rent-free for 90 days was huge . He had considered staying home in Boston or moving to San Francisco , but both cities are notoriously expensive . "  I do n't want to raise capital yet and it 's hard to do that if I would need to get a part-time job just to pay rent , " he added . "  All of that stuff is taken care for me , that was the big thing . People are too quick to discredit the value of a free-rent environment with like-minded people . KC needs to separate itself from the other scenes . "  Why here ? Fiber is not enough . I think you need to have a dense startup community , and if young people are not moving here and trying to start startups , you need to artificially create that flow . " COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Google Fiber , the company 's ultra-high speed Internet service , went live on Tuesday in Kansas City User : "  It 's unbelievable . I 'm probably not going to leave the house " The service is significantly faster than what traditional American ISPs are offering Resident may rent out room to Google Fiber "  tourists " who might want to come to try it out
CNN  -- After more than six years , Sony is set to unveil the latest iteration of its PlayStation line this Wednesday . With the PS4 , Sony also aims to recapture some of the luster it has lost to competitors like the Nintendo Wii and Micrsoft Xbox . While Sony 's PS2 is still the gaming world 's best-selling console with more than 150 million units , estimates put PS3 sales at about half that at 77 million . According to a report in The Wall Street Journal , the new PS4 will let users stream games online . Sony is also rumored to be working on an online TV service to rival cable companies which would prominently use the PlayStation console . Sony 's decline has been seen as a metaphor for the falling fortunes of Japan Inc. . Sony 's share price rose 1.5 % higher by mid-day on the Tokyo Stock Exchange as investors hope the PS4 will be a financial lifeline for the troubled tech giant . In its most recent quarter , Sony bled $ 123 million from its books with gaming-related sales falling 15.1 % year-on-year while its ailing television division saw sales plunge 23.3 % . The company 's third quarter results appear to stem a larger loss of $ 197 million from its second quarter and a $ 310 million loss in its first . But if Sony does not report a profit for the fourth quarter of 2012 , the company will post five full years of consecutive losses . One crutch for Sony -- and all other of Japan Inc. 's exporters from automobiles to tech and optics -- has arrived in the form of currency devaluation . Since October 1 the yen has weakened 20 % -- from under 78 yen to more than 93 yen to the U.S. dollar -- which has helped the bottom line of Japan 's exporters . As a currency weakens , a country 's exporters enjoy a profit boost when earnings are repatriated back to the home country . Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has continued to voice strong support for monetary easing and the associated yen weakness . At the same time , the governor of the Bank of Japan , Masaaki Shirakawa , announced he will step down March 19 -- several weeks earlier than his scheduled term ends . Shirakawa had opposed some of Mr. Abe 's stimulus measures . The international community fears the fall in the yen may spark a currency war . In the meantime , a weaker yen gives Sony and the rest of Japan 's exporters an easier path to recovery . A strong debut for the latest version of the PlayStation , one of Sony 's marquee products , would also be a welcome relief for the beleaguered company .	Sony to unveil new Playstation this Wednesday , six years after PlayStation 3 WSJ : new Playstation will let users stream games online Sony on track for five consecutive years of annual losses Yen has risen 20 % since October helping Japan exporter profits
CNN  -- The defense for Oscar Pistorius used the final day of closing arguments in a South African courtroom Friday to painstakingly go through a time line of the night he killed his girlfriend , revisiting phone records and witness testimony to back his version of events . The second and last day of closing arguments caps months of proceedings that have seen the Olympic sprinter gag , vomit and break down in heaving sobs . The judge will consider her verdict over the next five weeks and announce it next month , she said . Pistorius sent a message to supporters through his Twitter account at the end of court Friday : "  Thank you to my loved ones and those that have been there for me , who have picked me up and helped me through everything . " Pistorius shot his girlfriend , model and law graduate Reeva Steenkamp , on Valentine 's Day last year . The state has charged Pistorius , 27 , with premeditated murder in the death of Steenkamp , 29 . But the athlete contends he mistook her for an intruder when he fired four fatal shots through a locked bathroom door at his home in South Africa . Live blog : Follow the trial CNN legal analyst Kelly Phelps said she was impressed with the way defense attorney Barry Roux completed his closing arguments . "  We 've always said they 'd need to come out with their ` A ' game , and that is certainly what they did here today , " Phelps said . Roux alleged the prosecution made mistakes and handled evidence poorly . He laid out details of the noises from that night : the gunshots , screams and pounding -- the last from Pistorius ' using a cricket bat to break down the door . Witness testimony shows an anxious man screamed for help three times , which supports Pistorius ' case , according to Roux . The defense reminded the court that Pistorius , who uses prostheses to walk after his lower legs were amputated as a child , suffers from anxiety . Roux compared the Olympian 's situation to that of an abuse victim who suddenly snaps after undergoing suffering for a while . Roux argued that Pistorius should be evaluated as a "  reasonable " disabled person with anxiety , not as an ordinary "  reasonable man . " If the court finds that Postorius was "  reasonable , " then he must be acquitted , he said . In an attempt to discredit the prosecution 's version of events , Roux also accused investigators of tampering with the crime scene by moving items around , including a fan and Steenkamp 's jeans . In police pictures , the items appeared in different spots from where the Olympian said they 'd been , Roux said . He pointed out that the burden of proof is on the state in this case , and accused the state of avoiding certain important facts and ignoring other reasonable scenarios . Roux pointed out that the burden of proof is on the state in this case , and accused the state of avoiding certain important facts and ignoring other reasonable scenarios . Making his final arguments , prosecutor Gerrie Nel accused the Olympian 's attorneys of presenting a defense that did not jibe with the facts . Prosecution : Pistorius lied Nel , renowned for his bulldog tenacity in questioning , maintained that Pistorius was dishonest and his testimony was "  devoid of any truth . " Using a metaphor reflecting Pistorius ' career on the track , Nel said the athlete had "  dropped the baton of truth . " "  Without the baton of truth , you can not complete the race , " he said . Nel said the Olympian "  displayed a blatant disregard for the law and the lives of others . " In Pistorius ' version of events , the prosecutor said , the athlete said he went to the bathroom door and fired with the intention to kill or hit , believing there was someone behind it . Before he fired , he was armed with a high-powered weapon and was "  in charge " of the situation , Nel said . He said Pistorius should not go free regardless of whether the court believes he thought there was an intruder behind the door . Calling the Olympic sprinter an "  appalling " witness , Nel said the evidence from the bullet holes in the bathroom door suggests Pistorius had time to think , and that he looked down the gun sight as he fired . But Roux referenced Nel 's metaphors in disputing the accusations . "  There 's no crumbling of the mosaic -LSB- Nel 's metaphor for the defense 's circumstantial evidence -RSB- or dropping of the baton , " he said . Judge 's decision The closing arguments lower the curtain on a courtroom drama that , since March , has seen the Olympic sprinter weep and retch in the courtroom as disturbing evidence was presented . Proceedings were delayed while Pistorius underwent a court-ordered , monthlong psychiatric evaluation . He was depressed , suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder , and is a suicide risk , the doctors concluded . But he did not appear to have a history of abnormal aggression or psychopathic tendencies linked to "  rage-type murders in intimate relations . " Nicknamed "  Blade Runner " for the bladelike lower-leg prostheses he wears on the track , Pistorius has always admitted that he killed Steenkamp . The key question in his trial is that of intent . Judge Thokozile Masipa said Friday that she would announce his fate on September 11 . There are no jury trials in South Africa . Masipa is assisted by two lay advisers -- called assessors -- in her decision . The judge 's options on verdict and sentencing range from acquittal and freedom to conviction of premeditated murder and life in prison . Masipa and the assessors will consider the evidence and testimony presented in court , which may cover up to 4,000 pages of court transcripts . If the judge believes beyond a reasonable doubt that Pistorius knew he was shooting at Steenkamp , then she will find him guilty of murder . If she rules it was premeditated , Pistorius would face a life sentence . In South Africa , he would be required to serve at least 25 years . If it is not premeditated , he would serve a minimum of 15 years . If Masipa sees any reasonable doubt that Pistorius knew Steenkamp was behind the bathroom door , she wo n't convict him of murder . Still , if she determines that Pistorius was unreasonable in his actions that led to Steenkamp 's killing , she would find him guilty of culpable homicide . In that case , she would have to decide upon a sentence herself . If she believes there is a reasonable chance that Pistorius made a mistake and responded in a reasonable fashion , she will find him not guilty , which means the athlete could go free . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Pistorius verdict set to be announced on September 11 , 2014 Pistorius shot dead his girlfriend Reeva Steencamp on Valentine 's Day last year Defense attorney alleges the state made mistakes Prosecutor calls Olympian an "  appalling " witness
Usher is hosting a Senate fundraiser , but Bill Clinton is getting top billing . The Atlanta-based singer and dancer will hold a campaign event for Georgia U.S. Senate candidate Michelle Nunn on September 13 , and the former President will be the fundraiser 's marquee guest . "  Both in office and out , President Clinton has been a tireless advocate for Georgia families and a force for consensus building and creative problem solving in Washington , " Nunn said in a statement about Clinton 's support . "  I have been honored to work with him as CEO of President George H.W. Bush 's Points of Light Foundation , and I am very grateful to have his support in this race . " Nunn is locked in a race with Republican David Perdue that could determine the balance of power in the Senate . Both are looking to succeed Republican Sen. Saxby Chambliss , who is retiring at the end of this term . Usher , whose full name is Usher Raymond IV , has worked with Nunn and Clinton in the past . The Grammy-winning singer honored Nunn for her work with the Points of Light Foundation at a charity event in 2010 and has been a semiregular attendee at Clinton Foundation events since 2009 . Usher 's New Look Foundation also awarded Clinton its Service Legacy Award in 2010 . For his part , Clinton has kept up a busy endorsement schedule ahead of the 2014 midterm elections . As the Democrats ' most popular and most requested endorser , he has hopscotched the country , making appearances with Democratic candidates and attending fundraisers . The former President has already helped Senate campaigns in Kentucky and Arkansas , and on Tuesday , he is set to campaign for Dannel Malloy , Connecticut 's incumbent governor , in New Haven , and Rep. Mike Michaud , Maine 's Democratic gubernatorial candidate , in Portland . The former President will also campaign for Florida governor candidate Charlie Crist on Friday .	Usher is having a fundraiser for Senate candidate Michelle Nunn at his Atlanta home He has worked with Nunn and former President Bill Clinton on nonprofit work Clinton has a full endorsement calendar , with events in Maine , Connecticut , Florida this week
Vancouver , British Columbia  CNN  -- Many kids dream of being in the Olympics one day . When U.S. bobsledder Bill Schuffenhauer was a child in Salt Lake City , Utah , he had no idea the Olympics even existed . All he knew was his parents were drug addicts , that his mother was a prostitute who was often beaten in front of him . He knew that if he was going to survive , he had to do whatever it took to make it . He stole from people ; he ate from garbage cans ; he got locked up in juvenile detention for breaking into a bike shop when he was trying to get something he could sell for money so he could eat . He had few friends , most of them acquaintances of his mother or the other street kids , many of whom were in gangs . His mom and stepfather were constantly getting evicted . When he was n't homeless and living in a park , he lived in foster homes . He skipped school a lot . He drank and got high on weed . Life was hard and at times terrifying , and he dreamed of finding a real home . "  I knew that there was something better , " Schuffenhauer , 36 , said last week as he readied for his third Olympic Games . "  And although there were a lot of horrible things that happened , it 's made me a stronger person . " Just around the time he was entering junior high , Schuffenhauer 's maternal grandmother , Sadie Muniz , took him . She lived in the town of Roy , Utah , about 30 minutes north of Salt Lake City . As tears began to build , he talked about her steadying influence and how she was always there to pull him up or pull him back when he started messing up again . "  She reminded me to never give up and always push on , " he said . Inspired by her , he began to go to school regularly , even though this multi-ethnic kid stuck out because of his big afro and his shabby clothes . He had one thing that helped him fit in . He could run fast . Something he had relied on to escape the dangers of the streets -- and the cops -- would lead him away from his terrible past . Track and field was to be a turning point ; he had real friends now and the parents of one of his teammates eventually would adopt him . His coaches told him he had the talent to be an Olympian . Fueled by that dream , he worked hard in school and in becoming a decathlete . He went to Weber State University and while there he won the junior nationals in 1992 . In 2000 he was preparing for the Olympic trials when his track career came to a painful end . An oft-injured ankle failed him again , and hurting so bad he could n't walk , he had to give up on his dream of going to Sydney . He was crushed , but as he will often remind you , his upbringing , or lack thereof , taught him to be strong . His conversion to bobsledder came thanks to a friend who told him there was a new track in Park City where the U.S. team was training for the 2002 Winter Olympics . He went down there to check it out and kept going back until the bobsledders noticed the 6-foot , 200-pounder and asked him if he wanted to try out as a pusher . He joined the team and raced periodically but was n't a regular member until fate seemingly stepped in . One of the Olympic team members on the top U.S. four-man team tested positive for steroids , so Schuffenhauer was called into duty . That crew , piloted by Todd Hays , won a silver medal at the Salt Lake Games . Schuffenhauer retired from bobsledding after the 2006 Torino Games , where he was part of the two-man team that finished 14th . He had two children and a girlfriend , Ruthann Savage , whom he met in 2004 , and he felt responsible for them . Supporting a family on the meager money bobsledders get was impossible , and it was time to find a job and settle down in Utah . That worked for two years , until the desire to compete came back when he saw the team racing at Park City . He became obsessed with going to Vancouver . He and Savage had to solve a dilemma : either he would give up on the idea of another Olympics or he would go back to full-time training with the team . It was a risky move ; if he left he was n't guaranteed a spot on an Olympic sled . Now in his mid-30s , he 'd be challenged by pushers much younger than him . "  It 's been amazing that she 's been able to stand by me , " he said of Savage , now his fiancée . "  She 's the financial supporter of my life . She 's having to sacrifice to make my dreams come true . " But Savage is a nurse , and her salary was n't enough to pay the mortgage on the home they bought shortly after they first met . They were n't able to pay the loan on one of their cars either . The bank kicked them out , and Savage and the kids moved into a rental while Schuffenhauer went away for seven months at a time . Schuffenhauer tried raising money from sponsors . The owners of the store where he was caught stealing as a youth offered him one of their bikes to raffle off . But with the economy in free fall , he barely sold any tickets . There are still tickets available on his Web site , billschuffenhauer.com . And other companies did n't have the extra funds to give . It got worse . At the beginning of the 2008-2009 season , Schuffenhauer suffered a serious injury , two herniated disks in his neck , that made it difficult to use his arms to push the sled . He remained resolute that he would make the Olympics even though he was now an alternate . He worked closely with a chiropractor and a team physician to get back on track . In January , a healthy Schuffenhauer and his USA3 teammates went to a race in St. Moritz , Switzerland , with a very outside chance of qualifying for the Olympics . They finished sixth in the event , and Schuffenhauer 's dream was realized . "  The dream is happening right now . I 'm here . That 's all I wanted , " he said . Then he added , "  It would be nice to get a medal of any color . " It is improbable his team will medal in the four-man competition , which begins Friday . But Schuffenhauer has faced improbable many times before . And even though many people come up to him to tell him how he is a hero , he ca n't see it that way . He figures himself just a regular guy who had a goal and was able to achieve it . Heroes are teachers and doctors , he said . After the Games , Schuffenhauer plans to return home , find work , take online classes towards a sports science degree and move to the next chapter of his life . Asked if those chapters will take written form one day , he said he had considered it , but right now he has a family to return to . And family is what matters most of all .	As a child , bobsledder Bill Schuffenhauer often lived on the streets His mother and stepfather were addicts He turned to athletics in junior high and became a star decathlete After his track career ended , he tried out and made bobsled team that won silver in 2002
CNN  -- NASCAR driver Carl Edwards is currently at the top of the Sprint Cup leader board , but another driver is leading the pack in charitable endeavors -- two time champion Tony Stewart . Stewart was once named "  Most Caring Athlete " by USA Weekend , and he is living up to the title . For the past seven years , he 's made good use of his day job as a fundraising vehicle . Every summer Stewart calls on some of his friends -- who happen to be the best of the best in motorsports -- to race on the dirt and under the lights for the Prelude to the Dream at Eldora Speedway . NASCAR has roots in this track and in dirt racing . While the history in the dirt is exciting , the drivers know there is much more to gain here . "  The question why am I racing this race as opposed to other dirt races is because of the charities involved and to support Tony Stewart and his foundation , " says NASCAR driver Brian Vickers . Fellow driver Kyle Busch says it 's a date that 's always penciled into his schedule . "  It 's neat to have the opportunity , and -LSB- he is -RSB- thankful we can come out here for a good cause , " he said . Stewart and his pals divide into four teams and race for the win in honor of four children 's hospitals . This year , the superstars of NASCAR , NHRA , USAC and IndyCar raced to raise money for Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta , Levine Children 's Hospital of Charlotte , Medical Center Dallas and St. Louis Children 's Hospital . While each hospital will receive a portion of the proceeds , the team with the highest points wins the highest percentage . Money is raised through ticket sales and pay-per-view purchases . The event has earned a total of $ 3 million in its first six years . "  You know it 's kind of a dual purpose for us . It 's something the drivers look forward to every year , but it 's more than just us having fun ... We wan na have a good time , but knowing there 's a bigger purpose . And there are all of these children 's charities that we 're able to help . That 's really what makes it worth while in the end , " Stewart says . Five time NASCAR champion Jimmie Johnson says he 's proud of Stewart 's charitable efforts and that racing for these hospitals really hits home for him . "  This can really reach out and touch so many people through the hospitals . It 's brilliant . It really works well , and it has made an impact on a hospital very close to my home , the Levine Children 's Hospital in Charlotte . So it 's great to see this working its way back to the area where I 'm from and helping so many kids , " Johnson said . Ryan Newman races for Stewart 's NASCAR team , Stewart-Haas Racing , and is an eager participant . "  I 'm not a golfer , but I do love to come race a race car for charity . I 'm proud to be a part of it and honored to be a guest here as a racer . " These drivers , who are usually rivals on the track , come together to raise money for these children . They also agree that Stewart sets a grand example in generosity . Carl Edwards says Stewart is a role model he looks up to and that he 's shown him how to give . "  Hopefully people watching will realize that there are places in your community ... that you can give to . And we 're doing a big thing here , but any little bit anywhere helps , " Edwards said . When asked if he accepts the title of role model in his charitable efforts , Stewart humbly answered that he hopes he 's been one . He credits his parents for never letting him forget the people who 've helped him along the way and says he feels good about being able to give back . But he 's quick to share the credit for Prelude 's success . "  I ca n't take all the credit . There are 25 guys that come here , that help make this event so successful . And they 're donating their time . We try to pay for the fuel for their planes , they never let us do that . They want the proceeds to go to these kids . "  So it should n't be just about me being the guy that makes this work . It 's always the staff . . the whole group that makes it all work . Everybody should have a piece of the credit , " he said . Clint Bowyer won this year 's race with Team St. Louis finishing first in the team competition . But Stewart 's efforts continue year-round through his foundation . He started the Tony Stewart Foundation in 2004 to focus on the health of children , the welfare of animals and the future of injured drivers .	Stewart invites 25 of the best drivers in motorsports to compete for charity Proceeds go to four children 's hospitals across the country Prelude to the Dream has raised $ 3 million in the past six years
Google laid out the next step of its Chromebook effort on Thursday by introducing a thin , light , Samsung-built laptop attached to a killer number -- $ 250 . "  It 's the best laptop that 's ever been designed at this price , " said Sundar Pichai , who oversees Google 's Chrome browser , OS and product teams . "  We assume that you have a Windows machine in your home , or maybe a Mac . This is n't built to replace those machines but instead be an additional computer . " The same way a tablet or smartphone are for many today . With that in mind , the performance and specs of the latest Samsung Chromebook  officially called the New Samsung Chromebook  fall just a bit below that of the mid-range $ 450 Samsung Series 5 Chromebook launched in May . For example , the new Chromebook uses a Samsung Exynos dual-core ARM processor -- essentially a chip designed for use in smartphones and tablets rather than traditional laptops -- along with 2GB of RAM and 16GB of built-in storage . The Series 5 Chromebook had 4GB of RAM . Google is also giving Chromebook buyers 100GB of free Google Drive storage for two years , so they can store files in the cloud , rather than locally on the device . The New Samsung Chromebook is available for pre-order on Amazon starting Thursday and officially goes on sale Monday . Google is setting up 500 "  Chromezone " kiosks in Best Buy stores , staffed by Google employees , to give consumers a chance to use Chromebooks , ask questions , and see what the low-priced computer line is all about . The new Chromebook will also be sold in Google Play , alongside Nexus phones and tablets . "  We really want this to be for everyone in your family , " Pichai said . "  We really want users to think about this as one extra computer for your kitchen counter , one near the bed , maybe a computer for your kids or family . " The new Chromebook has a full-sized keyboard and trackpad and an 11.6-inch matte display with a 1366 x 768 resolution , versus the 12.1-inch , 1280 x 800 display found on the Series 5 Chromebook . The previous Chromebook offered two USB ports and a single DisplayPort + + connection that could be used with HDMI , DVI and VGA to hookup to TVs or external monitors . The New Samsung Chromebook also has two USB ports but ditches DisplayPort + + for straight-up HDMI . But the main feature , aside from price , is the new Chromebook 's profile . At just 2.5 pounds and 0.8 inches thick , this is one of the lightest and thinnest laptops on the market . It has no fan and or other moving parts -- just like your smartphone or tablet . "  At Google , our goal is services which are used by hundreds of millions of people , gmail , maps , hangouts , " Pichai said . "  This is a big step in the journey for us . From the inception of the project we 've had this goal to provide a thin , light computer that is perfect for everyone . " Keyboard-equipped computers need to be , and can be , more accessible , he said , pointing out that although about 85 percent of U.S. households have multiple TVs , 50 percent of them have only one computer . So the $ 249 Chromebook is Google 's most accessible Chromebook , a category that so far has mostly been a toy/tool for early adopters and about 1,000 schools . So why buy a $ 249 Chromebook over a $ 200 Nexus 7 tablet ? Pichai said that while tablets take care of quick , casual computing for most people -- checking e-mail , using social media apps , maybe watching a movie or video chatting with a friend -- the world still has a need for low-priced computers with a keyboard . "  We , today , see a huge need for computing which is very usable with keyboards , " he said . "  I see it in my house with my kids . My daughter has a tablet , but when she wants to do her homework , she needs a keyboard . She does n't want to do that on a tablet . "	Google announces a new $ 250 laptop , made by Samsung The Chromebook officially goes on sale Monday but Amazon is taking pre-orders now To make up for the light specs , Google is including 100GB of free cloud storage
DORCHESTER , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Friends , family and colleagues paid tribute to Massachusetts Sen. Edward Kennedy on Friday evening with a three-hour wake capped by a chorus of "  When Irish Eyes Are Smiling . " Joseph P. Kennedy II recalls how his "  Uncle Teddy " looked after the family . An estimated 45,000 people filed past the Democratic legend 's flag-draped casket at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library before the event . Connecticut Sen. Christopher Dodd , who has tried to shepherd Kennedy 's signature cause of universal health care through the Senate this year , summed up his appeal in three words : "  People liked him . " "  Some people born with a famous name live off of it . Others enrich theirs , " Dodd said . "  Teddy enriched his . " Kennedy died Tuesday night at age 77 after being ill with brain cancer for 15 months . He had represented Massachusetts in the Senate since 1962 , leaving his stamp on "  nearly every important law passed in the last half-century , " Dodd said . He became the patriarch of the first family of Democratic politics after the assassinations of his brothers , President John F. Kennedy and Sen. Robert F. Kennedy , during the 1960s . One of Robert Kennedy 's sons , former Rep. Joseph P. Kennedy II , fondly recounted how "  Uncle Teddy " looked after the children of his slain siblings . Watch Vice President Biden explain how Kennedy "  crept into my heart " " "  The truth of the matter is that for so many of us , we just needed someone to hang on to , and Teddy was always there to hang on to , " he said . "  He had such a big heart , and he shared that heart with all of us . " The wake was held at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library in suburban Boston , a building "  that Teddy built and brought to life with his dedication to public service , " said the slain president 's daughter , Caroline . Kennedy 's own presidential aspirations were hobbled by the controversy around a 1969 auto accident that left a young woman dead and a 1980 primary challenge to then-President Jimmy Carter that ended in defeat . But while the White House eluded his grasp , he played major roles in passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , the 1990 Americans with Disabilities Act and the 1993 Family and Medical Leave Act . "  He constantly renewed my faith and optimism in the possible , " Vice President Joe Biden said at the memorial . "  I never once saw your father with a defeatist attitude , I never saw him petty . I never saw him act in a small way , and as a consequence he made us all bigger -- both his friends , his allies and his foes . " Kennedy was an outspoken liberal standard-bearer during a conservative-dominated era from the 1980s to the early 2000s . He died as President Obama , whom Kennedy boosted in the 2008 presidential campaign , is pushing for a wide-ranging overhaul of the U.S. health insurance system , a fight the dying senator called "  the cause of my life " in a July issue of Newsweek . Kennedy was famous for his close friendships with colleagues across the Senate aisle even as his name was an anathema in Republican campaign materials . Utah Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch said the Kennedy name was "  my very best fundraiser , " but that he developed "  a strong working relationship with and love for the man I came to fight . " Watch Hatch tell how he won a big favor from Kennedy " "  If you would have told me that he would become one of my closest friends in the world I probably would have suggested that you need professional help , " Hatch said . A visibly emotional Hatch said he last saw Kennedy "  a couple of months ago , " and the two had their picture taken together . "  That means so much to me , " Hatch said . "  I had to say it was a wonderful occasion , and I miss fighting in public and joking with him in the background . I miss all the things we knew we could do together . " Arizona Sen. John McCain , the GOP 's 2008 presidential candidate , said Kennedy "  taught me to be a better senator . " "  He was the most reliable , the most prepared and the most persistent member of the Senate , " McCain said . "  He took the long view , and he never gave up . " McCain added , "  I think most of my colleagues would agree the place wo n't be the same without him . " The senator 's funeral is scheduled for Saturday at Boston 's Our Lady of Perpetual Help Basilica in Boston 's Mission Hill section , with at least 40 of Kennedy 's fellow senators and former presidents Jimmy Carter , Bill Clinton and George W. Bush slated to attend . Obama , who called Kennedy an "  extraordinary leader " on Wednesday , will deliver a eulogy at the funeral , according to several sources . Prime Minister Brian Cowen of Ireland , the famous clan 's ancestral homeland , and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown are also expected to attend , a family spokesman said . Kennedy will be buried Saturday evening at Arlington National Cemetery , outside Washington , 95 feet south of the grave of Sen. Robert Kennedy , which is in turn just steps away from John Kennedy 's burial site .	Joseph Kennedy : "  He had such a big heart , and he shared that heart with all of us " Family celebrates senator 's life with "  music , laughter and stories " Sen. Chris Dodd sums up Kennedy with , "  People liked him " GOP Sen. Orrin Hatch says he grew to love "  the man I came to fight "
CNN  -- Rick Santorum awoke to a new reality Wednesday after sweeping all three Republican presidential contests a day earlier , reshaping the contest that will decide who runs against President Barack Obama in November . Santorum won caucuses in Minnesota and Colorado , as well as a nonbinding primary in Missouri to energize his campaign and raise questions about front-runner Mitt Romney 's ability to attract broad conservative support . The victories by Santorum bolstered his contention that he is the strongest conservative challenger to the more moderate Romney for the GOP nomination , and the most formidable conservative candidate to take on Obama . "  I do n't stand here and claim to be the conservative alternative to Mitt Romney , " Santorum declared to cheering supporters outside St. Louis . "  I stand here to be the conservative alternative to Barack Obama . " Colorado was the most competitive state of the day , with Santorum winning 40 % of the vote to 35 % for Romney , 13 % for former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and 12 % for Texas Rep. Ron Paul . After a night of returns trickling in and the lead shifting between Santorum and Romney , Colorado Republican Party chairman Ryan Call announced live on CNN that Santorum was the winner . In Minnesota , Santorum got 45 % of the vote to 27 % for Paul , 17 % for Romney and 11 % for Gingrich , with 88 % of the total counted , according to the secretary of state . The victory in a state Romney won in his unsuccessful 2008 presidential bid was a strong statement by Santorum that he represents a major conservative challenge to both Romney and Gingrich . However , a low turnout in all three races signaled possible dissatisfaction among Republican voters with the candidates . All the 70 delegates available Tuesday came from the Minnesota and Colorado caucuses , while the Missouri primary was nonbinding with no delegates at stake . The two caucus states did n't officially award delegates Tuesday night -- that will happen down the road at district and state conventions -- but the news media , including CNN , will use them to make unofficial delegate count estimates . With 100 % of the Missouri vote counted , Santorum had 55 % to 25 % for Romney and 12 % for Paul , according to unofficial results . Gingrich did n't make the ballot in Missouri . Such a dominating victory by the conservative Santorum showed his appeal to Missouri 's large blocs of evangelical and tea party supporters . "  Conservatism is alive and well in Missouri and Minnesota , " Santorum declared before the Colorado count had been completed . While Tuesday was a stunningly successful night for Santorum , it was a terrible night for Romney and Gingrich , who has been competing with Santorum for the support of conservatives against the more moderate Romney . Gingrich spent little time or money in the three states , instead focusing his now limping campaign on the Super Tuesday contests of March 6 that will be worth more than 400 delegates from 10 states . Romney , however , campaigned hard in Colorado and to a lesser degree Minnesota , and the stinging losses cost him any momentum from his two straight victories in Florida and Nevada prior to Tuesday . A senior adviser to Romney signaled the campaign would take a tougher approach toward his resurgent rival and portray him as a Washington insider . "  Look , I just do n't think it 's a time when people are looking to Washington to solve problems with Washington , " senior Romney adviser Stuart Stevens said of Santorum , a former U.S. senator . Stevens downplayed Tuesday 's results , saying : "  We 'd like to win everywhere , but you ca n't . And we 've focused on key states for how we see a path to the nomination . " In Denver , Romney congratulated Santorum for his good night before the Colorado result was known . Rather than continuing criticism of Santorum , Romney sounded conciliatory in saying Republicans would unite behind the eventual nominee and that he expected to be that candidate . Perhaps in response to Santorum 's success , Romney struck a populist note by telling the crowd how his father never graduated college but went on to head a business and become governor of Michigan . "  For my dad , this was the land of opportunity , " Romney said , later adding : "  I refuse to believe America is just another place on earth with a map . We stand for freedom and hope and opportunity . " To Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , the Democratic National Committee chair from Florida , Tuesday 's results showed an underlying weakness in Romney 's candidacy . "  What should have been a night where he began to consolidate Republican support instead has shown that Republicans are reluctant to get behind him , " Wasserman Schultz said in a statement . "  Republicans are giving the field of candidates another look , demonstrating that the more people get to know Mitt Romney , the less they like him . They know he 'll say anything to get elected , and they do n't want a candidate they ca n't trust . " She also cited "  the lack of enthusiasm and low turnout we 're seeing in these contests , " adding that "  no candidate embodies that dissatisfaction more than Mitt Romney . " In Missouri , a state official told CNN that the turnout would be "  significantly lower than predicted . " The secretary of state 's office had estimated turnout would be 23 % . Romney 's campaign appeared to consider Colorado its best chance of victory Tuesday . He canceled stops in Minnesota scheduled for Monday to concentrate on Colorado , where he spent caucus night . Romney , who won big in the state 's 2008 caucuses , has been working Colorado since last summer and arguably has the strongest structure in the state . Santorum needed victories or an overall strong showing to prove the viability of his campaign . "  I think we need to win in the sense that we need to perform very well , " he told CNN 's John King earlier Tuesday . Paul , meanwhile , predicted his focus on the caucus states would yield results . He spent the past week stumping in Colorado and Minnesota , and spent Tuesday night in Minnesota . "  We 're gon na win some delegates . Whether we come in one or two or three , I do n't know exactly that , " Paul said on CNN 's "  John King USA . " "  But we feel positive about moving along and picking up more delegates . We 'll have to wait and see . " Paul stressed his strength in the upcoming Maine caucuses on Saturday . "  Nobody else is about to at this point jump ahead of Romney , " Paul said . "  But we think we 're going to keep doing . We have a very good chance on what 's happening up in Maine . " Gingrich had gotten a late start in Colorado and Minnesota , and failed to get on the ballot in Missouri . The former speaker is looking ahead to Super Tuesday in what he hopes will be friendlier territory in his native Georgia and other conservative states . As part of that strategy , Gingrich spent Tuesday night in Ohio , one of the Super Tuesday states . In an interview with KOA Radio in Denver , Colorado , Gingrich said Romney 's multimillion-dollar attack campaign against him has paved the way for Santorum to do well on Tuesday . "  The guy who has n't been attacked has gained some ground and has done a good job , worked very hard and so my prediction is when tonight 's over between Colorado , Minnesota and Missouri , the whole race will be muddled and Romney 's role as the frontrunner will be deeply discounted as compared to where it was a week ago , " said Gingrich , speaking from Ohio . After weeks of bitter campaigning in Florida and Nevada , the candidates have focused on Obama in recent days . Romney , Gingrich and Santorum criticized the president over the administration 's new rules requiring all hospitals -- including those run by the Catholic church -- to provide workers health insurance that covers contraception , including sterilization , which the church opposes . Obama 's re-election campaign has pushed back on Romney 's criticism , pointing to his refusal when governor of Massachusetts to exempt Catholic hospitals from providing emergency contraception to rape victims . "  Mitt Romney continues to show that he will do or say anything to get elected , " Obama campaign spokeswoman Lis Smith said . "  He is even attacking the president for providing women with the same access to contraception and preventive health care services that he did as governor of Massachusetts . And now , in an effort to pander to the most conservative parts of the Republican base , he has embraced the extreme personhood amendment , which would ban many forms of birth control , including birth control pills . "  This sends a clear message to women across America , " Smith added . "  Mitt Romney ca n't be trusted and his hypocrisy knows no bounds . " Gingrich also pounced on Romney 's stance Tuesday , telling an Ohio crowd : "  The fact is Governor Romney insisted that Catholic hospitals give out abortion pills against their religious belief when he was governor . So you have a very similar pattern again . Over and over you get the same pattern . And I think a Massachusetts moderate finds it very hard to draw a sharp contrast with someone who is an Illinois radical . " Whether Paul , Gingrich , or Santorum will have the financial resources to compete with Romney over the long haul remains an open question . Obama 's campaign , however , remains well-financed . In a major development for the general election , the president 's re-election team encouraged donors Monday night to start raising money for a Democratic super PAC -- a reversal of his previous stance on the issue . Obama has been an outspoken critic of current campaign financing laws , most notably the 2010 Supreme Court ruling that allowed the creation of super PACs . Until now he has kept his distance from the Democratic group , Priorities USA Action , which has lagged behind its Republican counterparts in fundraising . "  The president 's views ... have n't changed , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said Tuesday . "  He strongly opposed " the Supreme Court ruling in 2010 and "  holds those views today . " But "  the rules are what they are , " Carney added . The president 's campaign "  can not compete effectively if there are two sets of rules , " and the Democrats "  can not unilaterally disarm . " CNN 's Jim Acosta , John Helton , Kevin Liptak , Rachel Streitfeld , Alan Silverleib , Jessica Yellin and Peter Hamby contributed to this report	Santorum wins Colorado , along with victories in Missouri and Minnesota Mitt Romney stresses party unity in congratulating Santorum "  Conservatism is alive and well , " Santorum tells supporters The delegate total of 70 in Colorado and Minnesota is the biggest so far of campaign
Washington  CNN  Edward Brooke -- the first African-American to be popularly elected to the U.S. Senate -- passed away Saturday , according to family spokesman Ralph Neas and the Massachusetts Republican Party . Brooke was 95 . Brooke served in the Senate from 1967-1979 and has often been heralded by both parties as a trailblazer . He is the only African-American to be elected to a second term and was the first black Republican elected to the Senate since Reconstruction . President Barack Obama hailed Brooke as someone who led "  an extraordinary life of public service . " "  As the first African-American elected as a state 's Attorney General and first African-American U.S. Senator elected after reconstruction , Ed Brooke stood at the forefront of the battle for civil rights and economic fairness . During his time in elected office , he sought to build consensus and understanding across partisan lines , always working towards practical solutions to our nation 's challenges , " the President said in a statement Saturday night . Brooke grew up in a racially divided Washington , D.C. and after graduating college he served in the Army during World War II later receiving a Bronze Star . After his military service , he moved to Massachusetts and attended law school . Later he would enter politics -- first winning the position of Massachusetts attorney general in 1962 . Four years later he ran for the Senate and won . "  Massachusetts has a history of sending giants to the United States Senate , great statesmen like Quincy Adams , Webster , Cabot Lodge , and Kennedy . We count Ed Brooke among them . He carried the added honor and burden of being ` the first ' and did so with distinction and grace . I have lost a friend and mentor . America has lost a superb example of selfless service . Diane and I extend our deepest condolences to the Brooke family , " Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick , a Democrat , said in a statement Saturday . Leaders of both parties Saturday honored Brooke honoring his career and praising his lasting legacy . "  He was never partisan or wedded to party interests , " civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis  D-Georgia  recounted . "  He was a champion for whatever he believed was right . He was instrumental in the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and added an important open-housing requirement to the act . He also crafted the Brooke Amendment a year later which capped the financial responsibility of public housing applicants to no more than 25 percent of a poor person 's income . " "  America mourns the loss of a trailblazer who will always be remembered as a model of courage and honesty in office : Senator Edward W. Brooke . Senator Brooke 's accomplishments remind us that anything is possible in our country . It 's a proud legacy that paved the way for others . And it 's a proud legacy that will live on into history , " incoming Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell said in a statement . "  Massachusetts has a history of sending giants to the United States Senate , great statesmen like Quincy Adams , Webster , Cabot Lodge , and Kennedy . We count Ed Brooke among them . He carried the added honor and burden of being ` the first ' and did so with distinction and grace . I have lost a friend and mentor . America has lost a superb example of selfless service . " Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick , a Democrat , said in a statement Saturday . While in the Senate he played a key part in the passage of civil rights and low-income housing bills earning him the title "  Mr. Housing . " "  A decorated war hero , this Massachusetts Republican was a highly respected legislator responsible for shaping our nation 's laws and ensuring equal rights for all men and women . The Massachusetts Republican Party is proud to have had Senator Brooke as one of our party 's leaders , " Massachusetts Republican Party Chairman Kirsten Hughes said Saturday . He took some liberal positions while he served his two terms in the Senate and at times opposed three of President Richard Nixon 's Supreme Court nominees . Sen. Tim Scott , of South Carolina , the only black Republican serving in the Senate , said he was "  deeply saddened " by the news Saturday , on his Twitter account . "  Deeply saddened by the loss of Senator Edward Brooke . He was a true trailblazer ; those of us who followed can not thank him enough , " Scott tweeted . The popular Brooke faced some controversy at the end of his Senate tenure after a probe of his personal finances following a divorce . "  It was just a divorce case , " he told the Boston Globe in a 2000 interview . "  It was never about my work in the Senate . There was never a charge that I committed a crime , or even nearly committed a crime . " Brooke passed away early Saturday morning at his home in Florida of natural causes according to Neas .	Former Massachusetts Republican Sen. Edward Brooke died Saturday at the age of 95 He was the first black Republican senator elected to office since Reconstruction Leaders from both parties -- including the President -- mourn his death and praised his work in the legislative body
CNN  -- Co-hosts India set up a much-anticipated quarterfinal clash with four-time Cricket World Cup champions Australia on Sunday , beating the West Indies by 80 runs at Chennai . The victory meant India finished second in Group B , while Australia ended third in Group A after their 34-match unbeaten run at the 50-over tournament was halted by table-toppers Pakistan on Saturday . The Windies , who had already qualified for the last eight before the concluding match of the round-robin stage , will play Pakistan in the opening knockout game in the Bangladeshi capital of Dhaka on Wednesday . The Indians have home advantage in Ahmedabad the following day , then Group B winners South Africa take on New Zealand in Dhaka on Friday and Group A runners-up Sri Lanka host England in Colombo on Saturday . Yuvraj Singh scored his first World Cup century as India posted a total of 268 at Chidambaram Stadium , being bowled out in the final allotted over . He collected his third man-of-the-match award of the tournament after hitting 113 off 123 balls faced , adding 122 for the third wicket with Virat Kohli  59  and then later dismissing two West Indian batsmen with his left-arm spin bowling . However , India lost their last eight batsmen for just 95 runs as World Cup debutant Ravi Rampaul claimed five wickets for 51 runs . The 26-year-old fast bowler , who had played 50 one-day internationals before this call-up in place of Kemar Roach , made an impressive start as he dismissed India 's opening batsmen Sachin Tendulkar  2  and Gautam Gambhir  22  . World record-holder Tendulkar had been seeking to score his 100th century at international level , but walked off after edging a rising delivery despite the umpire rejecting Rampaul 's appeal . The Windies , who would have faced Australia in the quarterfinals if they had won , made a solid start in reply but then suffered a batting collapse at 154-2 in the 30th over . Left-arm fast bowler Zaheer Khan bowled top scorer Devon Smith for 81 , while spinner Harbhajan Singh accounted for big-hitting dangerman Kieron Pollard  1  as the last eight wickets tumbled for just 34 runs . Khan ended with figures of 3-26 , while limited-overs specialist Yuvraj chimed in with 2-18 in his 271st one-day international outing . "  When you lose early wickets , you need a partnership going . I was very happy with the way it went , " the 29-year-old Yuvraj told reporters . "  I was getting stomach cramps , but wanted to bat till the end . Our batting is going well -- once we get the bowling and fielding going we should be okay . " In Sunday 's earlier Group A concluder , Zimbabwe finished on a winning note by beating fellow minnows Kenya by 161 runs in Kolkata , meaning their fellow Africans ended the tournament without a win . Zimbabwe scored 308-6 after batting first , with Craig Ervine top-scoring on 66 and Vusi Sibanda contributing 61 , while Tatenda Taibu also made a half-century . The Kenyans crumbled to 147 all out in 36 overs , as slow bowlers Ray Price , Greg Lamb and Graeme Cremer each claimed two wickets .	India beat the West Indies by 80 runs to finish second in Group B at World Cup Chennai victory means the co-hosts will next face four-time champions Australia Windies will play Group A winners Pakistan in Wednesday 's opening quarterfinal Zimbabwe beat fellow minnows Kenya by 161 runs in closing Group A match
CNN  -- Teenage boys at a Tennessee detention center challenged the authorities there once again , kicking through aluminum panels in their rooms to escape their quarters . The 24 youths broke out of their rooms late Wednesday into early Thursday , but did not escape from the facility , Tennessee 's Department of Children 's Services said . On Monday , 32 teen boys escaped from the Woodland Hills Youth Development Center on the outskirts of Nashville . Most have turned themselves in or been captured , but six remain at large . In Thursday 's disturbance , the boys broke out of their rooms the same way they did Monday , by kicking through aluminum panels installed below their windows , the children 's services agency said in a statement . Police and highway patrol officers made a ring around the facility to prevent an escape . Officers from the state 's department of corrections handcuffed the 24 youths who left their rooms . Ten of them were identified as leaders of the disturbance and were taken a juvenile detention facility , children 's services said . The other 14 boys were brought back inside the facility , where extra guards were put in place . The detention center has faced similar problems in the past with the boys it houses . In May , some teens broke out of a window inside their dorm room , and then flipped a switch to let others out , according to CNN affiliate WSMV . No one escaped the facility that night , but new security measures were put into place . After the latest incident , the commissioner for children 's services , Jim Henry , said there are rules in place that restrict guards ' ability to manage the teens . He wants these rules , such as one that keeps the teens ' doors unlocked , to be rethought , he said .	24 teen boys escaped from their dorms at a detention center near Nashville They were unable to get out of the perimeter fence Earlier this week , 32 boys escaped the premises Most have turned themselves in or have been caught
GENEVA , Switzerland  Reuters  -- Extreme sexual violence against women is pervasive in the Democratic Republic of Congo  DRC  and local authorities do little to stop it or prosecute those responsible , a U.N. investigator said on Monday . A woman struggles to describe her rape by military members . Health workers call rape an epidemic . Rape and brutality against women and girls are "  rampant and committed by non-state armed groups , the Armed Forces of the DRC , the National Congolese Police , and increasingly also by civilians " , said Turkish lawyer Yakin Erturk . "  Violence against women seems to be perceived by large sectors of society to be normal , " she added in a report after an 11-day trip to the strife-torn country . Erturk , special rapporteur for the United Nations Human Rights Council on violence against women , said the situation in South Kivu province , where rebels from neighboring Rwanda operate , was the worst she had ever encountered . The atrocities perpetrated there by armed groups , some of whom seemed to have been involved in the 1994 Rwandan massacres in which 800,000 people were killed , "  are of an unimaginable brutality that goes far beyond rape , " she said . "  Women are gang-raped , often in front of their families and communities . In numerous cases , male relatives are forced at gun point to rape their own daughters , mothers or sisters , " she said . After rape , many women were shot or stabbed in the genital area , and survivors told Erturk that while held as slaves by the gangs they had been forced to eat excrement or the flesh of their murdered relatives . Women who have been raped are systematically rejected by their families and society . Widespread sexual abuse in the various conflicts racking the republic -- which last year held elections hailed as marking a new era -- "  seems to have become a generalized aspect of the overall oppression of women , " Erturk said . Her report followed charges from U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Louise Arbour last week that soldiers and police used excessive force , including summary executions , in quelling opposition protesters in the west of the DRC earlier this year . In the central Equateur province , the police and army often responded to civil unrest "  with organized armed reprisals that target the civilian population and involve indiscriminate pillage , torture and mass rape " , the report found . Although the DRC parliament outlawed sexual violence in July 2006 , "  little action is taken by the authorities to implement the law and perpetrators continue to enjoy immunity , especially if they wear the state 's uniform , " Erturk said . Erturk said Congo 's justice system was corrupt and in "  a deplorable state , " while conditions in prisons were "  scandalous " . Senior army and police officers shielded their men from prosecution , and when some were arrested they escaped easily , probably "  with the complicity of those in charge . " In a few cases courts had ordered the state and individuals to compensate victims . But "  to this day the government has not paid reparations to a single victim who has suffered sexual violence at the hand of state agents , " said E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	U.N. finds gang-rape rampant ; men forced to rape daughters , mothers , sisters Victims shot or stabbed in genital area , survivors forced to eat excrement , flesh Army , police , non-state militias involved , protected by senior authorities Justice system does nothing to protect women and girls from atrocities
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China has revealed UNESCO has accepted its application to include documentation of the 1937 Nanjing Massacre and the issue of so-called "  comfort women " -- sex slaves used by Japanese soldiers during World War II -- into a program that preserves important historical material relating to world heritage . UNESCO says it has received China 's application to list "  comfort women " but that no decision will be made until 2015 . The issue threatens to put further strain on Sino-Japanese relations , which have deteriorated in recent years over conflicting territorial claims in the region as well as Japan 's wartime past . Earlier this year , Japan applied for a collection of diaries and wills of kamikaze pilots from World War II , to be registered with the same UNESCO body . The organization 's Memory of the World program has been collecting important world documents since 1992 , preserving precious and potentially threatened material . Its archives include the diary of Ann Frank and the 13th century Magna Carta -- a document that challenged the English monarchy 's absolute rule , making it subject to the rule of law . Chinese state media , Xinhua news agency , reported Thursday that the latest UNESCO-registered documents are primary sources that point to atrocities committed by Japanese troops occupying the Chinese city of Nanjing from December 13 , 1937 to March 1 , 1938 . This includes historical files recording the recruitment of "  comfort women " related to the Japanese Kwantung Army , police stationed at the Shanghai International Settlement , the Japanese-supported puppet regime of Wang Jingwei , and the Central Bank of Manchou , as well as written confessions by Japanese troops , according to a statement from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs  MoFA  . Sex slavery Japan forced about 200,000 women into sex slavery , luring them to "  comfort stations " set up throughout East Asia by the Japanese military from 1932 until the end of the war , according to nonprofit advocacy group Washington Coalition for Comfort Women Issues . CNN has widely reported on the stories of the women . Many have said they were kidnapped . For resisting sex , some say , they were raped and beaten . China insists that Japan has not officially apologized for these wartime atrocities . The Nanjing Massacre refers to the invasion of the city of Nanjing in China 's Jiangsu province in 1937 , during which time Japanese troops killed an estimated 300,000 people in a rampage of rape , murder , and looting . Japanese conservatives insist that the mass murders and rapes did not take place . China submitted the wartime documents to the UNESCO program "  to prevent the miserable and dark days from coming back again , " said MoFA spokeswoman Hua Chunying . ` Political move ' Japan has condemned China 's decision to register the wartime documents , calling it a political move during a sensitive period in the two countries ' relations . "  It is extremely regrettable that China used UNESCO politically to unnecessarily play up the negative legacy on a certain period of the history of the both countries when we need effort for the improvement on the bilateral relationship , " Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said on Wednesday . Suga added : "  We can not deny that there was murders and looting against non-combatants after the Japanese imperial army entered into Nanjing . However there are several estimates about the scale and it is difficult for the government to determine clearly . "	Japan tried to register kamikaze pilots ' wills with UNESCO in February Now China says they have registered records of ` comfort women ' recruitment UNESCO 's Memory of the World program protects important historical documents Japan , China relations strained over ownership of East China Sea islets , Japanese wartime aggression
CNN  -- Last month , a British company launched the world 's first dog-holiday package . For $ 70,000 , your pampered pooch will get a run along a beach with an Olympic sprinter , a private screening of "  Lassie , " a Louis Vuitton dog collar , counseling sessions and a stay at England 's Paw Seasons dog hotel . It 's the latest and one of the more extravagant ways pet lovers can treat their animals . Best Western Fallsview Hotel , Niagara Falls , Canada At the Best Western Niagara Falls , dogs checking in will be invited to dip their paws into the reception area 's canine cookie jars before being presented with a travel bag filled with treats , a water bottle and pet waste bags . The hotel is just a few meters away from Queen Victoria Park and Niagara Park and the hotel 's guest services staff will happily walk your dog . Best Western Fallsview Hotel , 6289 Fallsview Blvd. , Niagara Falls , Ontario , Canada ; +1 905 356 0551 ; from $ 85 per room per night , $ 23 per night per dog Fairmont Miramar Hotel & Bungalows , Santa Monica , California Upon checking in at The Fairmont Miramar Hotel and Bungalows , dogs are presented with their own bed , bowls and treats . Dog-sitting and walking services are available . The hotel has teamed up with a Santa Monica pet store and grooming parlor , The Healthy Spot . Guests get 10 % off dog toys and The Healthy Spot 's dog-friendly spa treatments , which include pedicures  pawdicures ?  and blueberry facials . Fairmont Miramar Hotel & Bungalows , 101 Wilshire Blvd. , Santa Monica , California ; +1 310 576 7777 ; from $ 329 per room per night , no extra charge for dogs Lamb and Lion Inn , Cape Cod , Massachusetts Cape Cod is an ideal destination for four-legged vacationers . The Lamb and Lion Inn is surrounded by dog-friendly beaches and miles of hiking trails and the area is filled with dog-friendly restaurants , bars and coffee shops . The Inn 's owners love dogs and have five of their own , including an adorable Yorkshire terrier named Cosmos . Lamb and Lion Inn , 2504 Route 6A , Barnstable , Massachusetts ; +1 508 362 6823 ; from $ 179 per room per night , $ 25 per dog , per night Le Meurice , Paris In 1907 , workers building the hotel adopted a stray dog that had been living on site . It became the hotel 's mascot and inspired its emblem -- a silhouette of a pair of greyhounds . Guests 's four-legged friends get a dog basket , a personalized name tag and their own menu . The hotel can also arrange for a food bowl to be engraved the with dogs ' names prior to their visit and staff will walk dogs in nearby Tuileries Garden . Le Meurice , 228 rue de Rivoli , Paris ; +33  0  1 44 58 10 10 ; from $ 823 per room per night , no extra charge for dogs Loews Annapolis Hotel , Annapolis , Maryland Annapolis was recently ranked the third-most dog-friendly city in the United States by "  Dog Fancy " magazine -- the city 's 39,000 residents own 20,000 dogs -- and the Loews Annapolis Hotel is one of the reasons . VIPs  Very Important Pets  staying at the hotel get a pet place mat , water bowl , Fiji spring water and a room service menu offering everything from vegetarian dog treats to a tasty tennis ball . In summer months , the hotel hosts regular Canines and Cocktails evenings -- dogs are welcome -- to raise money for local charities . Loews Annapolis Hotel , 126 W. St. , Annapolis , Maryland ; +1 410 263 7777 ; from $ 159 per room per night , no extra charge for dogs Mandarin Oriental , Washington , D.C. Guests are welcome to bring their dogs to the Mandarin Oriental in Washington , D.C. -- they can even sign up for the Puppy Love package . The package includes overnight accommodation in a deluxe guestroom and a luxury dog bed , along with a menu that includes treats such as Perfect Pooch Pasta and Tail-Waggin ' Turkey . Mandarin Oriental Washington DC , 1330 Maryland Ave. , SW , Washington , D.C. ; +1 202 554 8588 ; from $ 315 per room per night , $ 100 charge per dog , plus $ 50 per dog per night Phineas Swann Bed and Breakfast Inn , Vermont Guests and their dogs can choose from the Green Mountain Suite , the Bulldog Suite , the Terrier Suite or the Honeymoon Suite . They can even treat their dogs to the Deluxe Dog Spa package , which includes use of a luxury dog bed , bag of deluxe doggie treats and use of the hotel 's dog-walking service . Phineas Swann Bed and Breakfast Inn , 195 Main St. , Montgomery Center , Vermont ; +1 802 326 4306 ; from $ 159 per room per night , first dog stays free , $ 25 per stay per additional dog The Boat Hotel , Aviemore , Scotland Most dogs love nothing more than chasing sticks and getting wet , and the Boat Hotel 's location , on the edge of stunning Loch Garten , is perfect for doing just that . Dogs get an organic pet treat and a door hanger to notify staff of their presence and the hotel 's concierge can organize dog-sitting services or appointments at nearby grooming parlors . The Boat Hotel , Boat of Garten , Aviemore , Inverness-shire , Scotland ; +44  0  1479 831258 ; rooms start from $ 58 per room per night , $ 22 per dog per night The Hughenden , Sydney This dog-friendly Sydney hotel has spacious gardens and dog-walking and sitting services . Dogs can enjoy a range of pampering treatments -- including highlights , pedicures and basic grooming -- in the comfort of their room . The hotel is located across the road from Centennial Parklands , one of the city 's largest dog-friendly parks . The Hughenden , 14 Queen St. , Woollahra NSW , Australia ; +61  0  2 9363 4863 ; from $ 188 per room per night , $ 18 per dog per stay The Milestone Hotel , London Dogs checking into the Milestone Hotel in London get a welcome hamper containing dog treats , toys , a Milestone dog tag and pooper scooper bags . The hotel 's dog-friendly rooms are kitted out with "  Do not disturb -- pet sleeping " door tags and food and water bowls . Dogs  or their owners  can choose from a range of dog duvets , cushions and sleeping mats . There 's even a doggie turn-down service , and staff can whip up a special cake if it 's your furry friend 's special day . The Milestone Hotel , 1 Kensington Court , London ; +44  0  20 7917 1000 ; from $ 511 per room per night , no extra charge for dogs The Muse Hotel , New York Your dog may not have the capacity to appreciate being welcomed by name , but he 'll definitely appreciate the plush bed , food bowls and bottled water . Owners meanwhile receive complimentary plastic bags , a list of dog-friendly restaurants and parks in the vicinity and a personal welcome from the director of pet relations -- a rather fluffy teacup Pomeranian named Ginger . The Muse Hotel , 130 W. 46th St. , New York ; +1 212 485 2400 ; from $ 249 per room per night , no extra charge for dogs Yufuin Garden Hotel , ÅŒita , Japan Hot springs are n't just for humans . At the Yufuin Garden Hotel , canine guests get their own exercise paddock and indoor exercise area , but the beautifully landscaped gardens have also been designed with dogs in mind , with streams and an outdoor shower . There 's a hot spring bathing area for dogs , who also get their own celebration cake if their visit takes place on a birthday . Yufuin Garden Hotel , Oita Prefecture , Yufuincho Nakagawa , Japan ; +81 0977 28 2008 ; from $ 130 per room per night , no extra charge for dogs	Many dog-friendly hotels offer special menus and treats for the pooch Fiji spring water and vegetarian menus for dogs ? The Loews Annapolis Hotel offers them United States a leader in dog-friendly hotels
CNN  -- To some , it 's just a simple flight schedule , but for many American travelers , it 's a ticket to the cutting edge of airline technology . United Airlines announced Thursday its first domestic flight schedule for the new Dreamliner 787s as it phases Boeing 's state-of-the-art airliner into service "  several years ahead of its North American competitors . " Featuring passenger comforts such as bigger windows , larger overhead bins and better ventilation , United 's Dreamliner is set for its first flight at 7:25 a.m. November 4 from Houston to Chicago O'Hare International Airport . Tickets on the Dreamliner routes will be available online starting Saturday . Other routes in what United calls a "  temporary " schedule will include Cleveland , Denver , Los Angeles , San Francisco , Washington and Newark , New Jersey . By year 's end , the airline expects to be flying more than 470 U.S. segments . United 's Dreamliner schedule "  Everyone 's very excited , even people who are n't in the industry , " said Phil Derner , founder of the aviation news site NYCAviation.com . "  There 's a ton of new technology on the 787 . It 's efficient and performs well , and it 's also a very good-looking aircraft . It 's kind of like a sports car in the sky . " Attention window seat lovers : A lot of the buzz surrounding the Dreamliner touches on its new-fangled portals . Its windows are much larger than standard airliners . Thanks to an "  electrochromic dimming system " that uses a special gel inside the glass , you can "  turn down " the light coming through the windows with the touch of a button . Related story : Are you a window flier or an aisle seater ? Other touted benefits of the new aircraft : More room : Overhead luggage bins "  store up and away rather than cutting into overhead space like conventional stowage bins , " says Boeing 's website . Fewer headaches and dizziness : The plane 's cabin can be pressurized at altitudes as low as 6,000 feet , which experts say may help lessen physical discomfort from flying . Cheaper to operate : The plane also saves money on fuel because its body is made from lightweight composite materials . United says its Dreamliners will include 36 first-class seats , 72 premium-economy seats and 111 economy seats . Its first of 50 ordered Dreamliners is expected to be delivered in late September . The airline has already announced plans to fly 787s on international routes , beginning in December between Houston and Amsterdam , the Netherlands , and next year to Japan , China , Nigeria and London . Are you interested in flying on the Dreamliner ? Tell us why or why not in the comments section below .	United Airlines announces first domestic Dreamliner routes Boeing 787 Dreamliner offers state-of-the-art technology , design Passenger comforts include bigger windows , larger cabin storage Houston , Chicago , Cleveland , Washington , San Francisco , Los Angeles among routes
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's accident prone "  Octopus UFO " is just one of hundreds of unexplained sightings in the same area where a wind turbine was wrecked over the weekend , according to the latest reports . The Sun tabloid newspaper 's UFO splash . Britain 's tabloid Sun newspaper Thursday proclaimed from its front page that a wind turbine was ruined after a UFO hit one of its 20 meter-long blades in Conisholme , Lincolnshire . It quoted residents who saw strange balls of lights in the sky and heard a loud bang . However , another British national newspaper said the lights were just fireworks from a staff member 's dad 's birthday celebration . Turbine experts suggested it was a simple mechanical failure . The plot thickened further Friday , with The Sun saying it had been "  bombarded " with reports of UFO sightings from hundreds of witnesses in the area where the turbine was destroyed . Watch video on the UFO incident "  There have been reports of flying saucers for more than six months , " the newspaper said . Local John Harrison , 32 , told The Sun he looked out of his window and saw "  a massive ball of light with tentacles going right down to the ground . " The newspaper said "  other respected witnesses , such as local council chairman Robert Palmer and GP Jenny Watson , described seeing ` streaking white lights ' . " Quoting unnamed Ministry of Defence "  insiders , " The Sun said the UFO sightings may be an unmanned stealth bomber on test flights . It said the Taranis "  black delta-wing craft " was being developed nearby to deliver bombs undetected in war zones ; back to the testing board then ? However , initial reports when the Taranis contract was let last year said it would take at least four years to develop with flight testing due 2010 ... in Australia . CNN has also been "  bombarded " with messages , but mainly from people less than convinced . J. Kale believed there was a very simple explanation . "  The octopus thing obviously thought the wind turbine was a female doing a mating dance and tried to mate with it . " Trevor Brown was worried the aliens did not "  know how to drive a flying octopus . " Mono was worried what the aliens might think about the fuss . "  Well , let 's hope there is intelligent life watching us . It would at least prove there is intelligence somewhere . " Maxim , who lives near the turbines , had a simple explanation for the lights . "  On Sunday there was a very spectacular meteor shower , like fireworks on the horizontal . " Lilia was unimpressed with some of the explanations -- and your writer . "  Listen , just report the story and follow through . Think you can do that ? Without screwing up ? The plausible explanations are absurd . You are going to tell me that the residents of the area are not going to recognize fireworks ? This is a ridiculous and insulting explanation and it sounds exactly like that , offensive and ridiculous . I do n't know if there was a UFO or not , but it is all rather odd . What I do know is that the arrogant tone has got to stop . " Is it life Jim but not as we know it ? Beam us up your thoughts .	British tabloid blames UFO for destroying wind turbine blade "  Octopus UFO " may have been unmanned stealth bomber on test flight , paper says CNN readers remain skeptical about role of UFO in turbine 's ruination
CNN  -- Go to the theater ? Visit his hometown ? Drink like an Elizabethan ? What 's the most appropriate way to toast the world 's best-known writer ? This month marks 450 years since the birth of William Shakespeare . Bard-o-philes argue over April 23 or April 26 -- the exact birth date is unclear , though historic documents show the date of his baptism as April 26 , and newborns were usually baptized within three days of their birth in the 16th century . Instead of getting into that argument , we prefer to propose six things Bill may have done himself to celebrate the day . 1 . Stroll the streets of Stratford-upon-Avon Shakespeare was born in 1564 in Stratford-upon-Avon , an ancient market town in Warwickshire in the middle of England . It 's perfect for fans of the playwright and also lovers of gardens , cream tea , white swans and black-and-white Tudor buildings . This quaint town screams England ... or rather , murmurs it politely . Tea rooms serve cream-loaded scones as big as beef burgers and ale is pumped from 600-year-old pubs . The playwright 's influence is everywhere -- from Shakespeare 's Hotel to Hathaway Tearoom to Othello 's Restaurant . But the town 's biggest draws are the five houses linked to its most famous son , including Shakespeare 's Birthplace and Anne Hathaway 's Cottage . The former is a 15th-century house thought to be where the poet was born . The latter is the family home of Shakespeare 's wife , with beautiful gardens . Stratford Town Walk is a great way to take in a thousand years of history in two hours . Tour guide John Hogg , 69 , says the walk takes place every day , come rain or shine , even when the River Avon bursts its banks . Stratford-upon-Avon 2 . Join the birthday bonanza Visitors to Shakespeare 's Birthplace on April 23 will be able to sign a guest book that 's brought out only once a year . The book was first signed in 1847 and contains signatures of literary legends such as Thomas Hardy and Charles Dickens . On the same day , the Stratford-based Royal Shakespeare Company will stage a fireworks show , scheduled to start at 10:30 p.m. from the theater 's 36-meter-tall tower . The company is performing "  Henry IV , Part I " and "  Part II " during the birthday week . The traditional birthday procession in Stratford-upon-Avon takes place on the morning of April 26 . Students from King Edward VI Grammar School , where Shakespeare studied as a boy , will parade from the Town Hall to the Holy Trinity Church then place quill pens on the writer 's grave . The procession will be followed by a people 's pageant at 11 a.m. Everyone can chip in to cheer , lament or act like the Bard . The Elizabethan street party will be joined for the first time by a six-meter-tall mechanical Lady Godiva . 3 . Walk the City of London After leaving his hometown , Shakespeare lived , wrote and acted extensively in an eastern part of London near the River Thames , known as the City of London . Actor-turned-tour-guide Declan McHugh , 53 , hosts a Shakespeare-themed walking tour each Friday -- the tour follows a thread through the cobblestone backstreets of London 's financial district . "  There are lots of memorials of one kind or another , including sculptures and plaques , " says McHugh . "  But many are n't well known and are hidden away in odd nooks and crannies . " Highlights on the 105-minute tour include the sites of the only two documented London addresses where the playwright lived and reading Shakespeare 's signature on his housing deeds . To celebrate the writer 's birthday , McHugh will lead two special Shakespeare walking tours in South London  starting at 11 a.m. , April 22 and 23  , as well as two City Walks  starting at 6 p.m. , April 22 and 23  . The Shakespeare City Walk ; Â # 9.50  $ 16  ; every Friday from 11 a.m. 4 . Explore the Globe Theatre Although the reconstructed Elizabethan theater is no longer standing on its original site  the original Globe , completed in 1599 , was about 250 meters to the southeast  , it provides a lovely excuse to imagine yourself as an ale-wielding , garlic-chewing , Elizabethan fun seeker . The theater tour is brilliant . For a Tudor penny -- or Â # 13.50  $ 22.75  in today 's money -- you 're taken through a brief history of the Globe and Elizabethan theater . You can watch a show at the Globe 's new addition , the Sam Wanamaker Playhouse . The four-month-old candle-lit playhouse is a reproduction of Blackfriars Theatre , another important Shakespearean theater that once existed north of the Thames . The oak and thatched-roofed structure will open its doors for free on April 21 from noon to 5 p.m. . It will also stage its newest interpretation of "  Hamlet " from April 23-26 before the show embarks on a world tour , visiting every country on the planet in the next two and half years . Shakespeare 's Globe , 21 New Globe Walk , Bankside , London ; +44 20 7902 1400 ; opening time varies from month to month , check the official website before your visit 5 . Watch fringe events at The Rose Minutes from the Globe Theatre lay the ruins of The Rose , the first Elizabethan playhouse on Bankside , built in 1587 . They 're the only surviving parts of an Elizabethan theater open to the public in London . The foundations of The Rose were discovered in 1989 under a demolished office block . Philip Henslowe , the playhouse 's owner , kept a detailed diary , documenting everything from how plays were performed to how much had been spent on renovations . Through this diary , "  we know more about Elizabethan playgoing from The Rose than from any other source , " says Suzanne Marie , an honorary artistic associate with the theater . The Rose is now used as a fringe theater . Plays written by Elizabethan masters are staged here almost every night . The space also hosts an Open Day every Saturday . Visitors can watch a 15-minute video about the playhouse 's history , enjoy a few fringe-style theater scenes and learn about The Rose Revealed Project , a program aimed to convert the site into a permanent public display by 2016 . The Rose Theatre , 56 Park St. , Bankside , Southwark , London ; +44 20 7261 9565 ; Open Day takes place every Saturday from 10 a.m.-5 p.m. 6 . Grab a pint at an historic pub It 's hard to know how much or how often Shakespeare drank , but the playwright certainly gave the impression of enjoying a tipple . Records suggest he rented out half of his old home in Stratford-upon-Avon to a pub called Swan & Maidenhead , which operated for another two centuries after Shakespeare 's death in 1616 . The Garrick Inn in Stratford was likely a regular haunt for the bard . The three-story half-timber building is the oldest pub in town . It had already existed for about 150 years when Shakespeare was born and was once owned by David Garrick , a renowned 18th-century Shakespearean actor . It boasts to have served ale since 1594 . In London , things are a bit tricky as the Great Fire in 1666 razed most of the buildings related to Shakespeare . "  The Hoops and Grapes in Aldgate is one of the few buildings in the City of London to have survived the Great Fire , " says Matt Brown , managing editor of Londonist.com . "  Its wonky timbers offer a rare glimpse into how much of London would have looked in Shakespeare 's time . " The 37-year-old Londoner is a walking encyclopedia of the city 's 7,000 or so registered pubs . He also recommends the Horse and Groom , right next to The Curtain , where "  Romeo and Juliet " is thought to have been first staged . Remains of the early Shakespearean theater in Shoreditch were discovered in 2012 . The Hoops and Grapes , 47 Aldgate High St. , London ; +44 20 7481 4583 ; opens 11 a.m.-11 p.m. on Monday-Friday ; 11 a.m.-6 p.m. on Saturday and Sunday Horse and Groom , 28 Curtain Road , London ; +44 20 7503 9421 ; opens noon-midnight Monday-Wednesday ; noon-1 a.m. Thursday ; noon-4 a.m. Friday ; 7.30 p.m.-4 a.m. Saturday ; and 3 p.m.-midnight Sunday The Garrick Inn , 25 High St. , Stratford-upon-Avon , Warwickshire ; +44 1789 292 186 ; opens 11 a.m.-11 p.m. Monday-Saturday ; 11 a.m.-10 .30 p.m. Sunday Will you commemorate Shakespeare 's birthday ? Leave a comment -- perhaps a sonnet -- in the comments section . Tracy You is a freelance writer and journalist based in London .	The 450th anniversary of the birth of William Shakespeare is being celebrated in April Visitors to Shakespeare 's birthplace can sign a guest book brought out just once a year since 1847 John Hogg , 69 , leads tours of Stratford-upon-Avon every day , rain or shine
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- It 's a common sight in the traffic-clogged streets of Istanbul , a city that straddles two continents . Workers next to the spot where subway trains will one day emerge from the tunnel . Opening of the tunnel has been delayed by at least four years by the discovery . A taxi driver , enraged by perpetually gridlocked traffic , stepping out of his car and yelling "  Maniac ! " at the man driving the public bus behind him . For decades Istanbul has been growing at a breakneck speed ; its population exceeding -- by some estimates -- 15 million people . Too bad traffic often moves at a snail 's pace . Most residents are quick to tell visitors the city 's transport system is overwhelmed . "  Istanbul is a dynamically changing city , every year increasing in population , " says Zeynep Buket , an engineer working with Turkey 's transportation ministry . "  We are in need of radical systems , and this radical system is a mass transit system . " The "  radical system " city planners embarked on five years ago involved construction of a new subway tunnel beneath the Bosphorus Strait , the spectacular body of water that cuts this city in two . By the year 2025 , engineers predict more than one million people a day will use the tunnel to travel between Istanbul 's Asian and European shores . "  We will connect two continents , Asia and Europe , " said Nusret Ilbay , one of the many engineers working on the $ 3 billion Marmaray Tunnel Project . He was standing on scaffolding , overlooking a gaping 30-meter deep hole that will one day be a subway station on the Asian side of the Bosphorus . A concrete wall is all that holds back a churning river of sea water . Watch video of the tunnel being constructed "  As you can see , some leakage on the wall face has been observed , " Ilbay explained on a tour of the construction site . "  In order to overcome these leakages , we have applied chemical grouting . " Legend has it , thousands of years ago Jason and the Argonauts narrowly escaped death sailing up the Bosphorus in search of the mythological Golden Fleece . Today , engineers face equally daunting challenges building a tunnel beneath one of the world 's busiest shipping channels , at depths of up to 55 meters , in an active earthquake zone . First they dredged a trench on the bottom of the Bosphorus . Then , using divers and undersea cameras , they submerged and buried 11 massive pre-fabricated tunnel segments , almost all of them longer than a football field . To enter the unfinished tunnel , visitors must climb down a steep staircase in a construction tower surrounded by water in the middle of the strait . During the descent , the temperature plummets and humidity rises . Construction workers toil here in the gloom of this 1.4 kilometer long tube on the bottom of the sea , their welding torches spraying showers of sparks in the darkness . One worker claimed that during the lunch break , when the machinery came to a stop , he could hear the sound of oil tanker and cargo ships ' engines as they motored past in the waters overhead . As a precaution in the event of a catastrophic flood in the tunnel , engineers constructed an emergency bunker on the bottom of the sea . Stocked with food and water and equipped with a heavy water-proof door , the "  emergency room " is supposed to protect survivors for up to 10 days , until they can be rescued . But , in their rush to modernize Istanbul 's transport system , city planners ran into an unforeseen obstacle : history . In Yenikapi , a neighborhood of textile factories and seedy hotels where one of the main transit stations for Istanbul 's new subway and commuter rail system was to be built , archaeologists discovered the lost Byzantine port of Theodosius . It was originally built at the end of the 4th century AD by Emperor Theodosius I when Istanbul -- then known as Constantinople -- was the capital of the eastern Roman Empire . The port 's harbor silted over centuries ago , and eventually disappeared beneath subsequent layers of civilization . Until its rediscovery in 2004 , archaeologists said they only knew about the port from ancient books . "  This was a big moment of joy and happiness for us , an unexplainable feeling , " recalls Professor Zeynep Kiziltan , the acting director of Istanbul 's Archaeology Museum . Look at pictures of the excavation " "  At around one meter below sea level , we started finding the remains of ropes . As we continued -LSB- digging -RSB- a bit more , the remains of a boat surfaced . " Since that discovery , armies of hundreds of laborers and archaeologists have been working in a giant pit , three shifts a day , seven days a week . The scale of the excavation is unusual in modern-day archaeology , says Cemal Pulak , an anthropologist from Texas A&M University 's nautical archaeology program . Look at a map of the site "  Its mind-boggling ... it really looks like an Indiana Jones-type operation , " says Pulak , who has worked as a consultant on the excavation of the lost port . The Yenikapi dig has uncovered an ancient armada : 34 Byzantine ships ranging from dating between the 7th and 11th centuries AD . In one tent , two workers carefully uncover the ancient wooden beams of a 40-meter long merchant vessel . A third man preserves the wood by keeping it moist , sprinkling the relics with water from a hose . Archaeologists have nicknamed this ship "  The Titanic , " because it is the largest of the Theodosius wrecks . It is believed the vessel once carried wheat from Egypt to Constantinople . Scattered around the ship are shards of pottery , animal bones , and thousand-year-old clamshells . Historians say the new discoveries include the first examples of ships being built using the beginnings of the "  skeleton approach " to constructing the vessel 's hull . Pulak says that marked a revolutionary change which transformed shipbuilding from "  mostly an art form to a science . " "  The earlier methods of building depended on verbal transference of the method from master shipbuilders to apprentices , " he explained . "  The development of the latter method ... allowed for the speedy communication of new shipbuilding ideas that could be transmitted on paper . It is the beginning of engineering . Ships could be preconceived and pre-designed . " "  I think it is one of the unique projects not only for us but for the world , " said geologist Yucel Yilmaz . In addition to finding the timbers of thousand-year-old jetties and docks , which still jut up in straight rows at the bottom of the mammoth pit , archaeologists have uncovered the remnants of a pre-historic human settlement . "  The first man , about 8,400 years ago , came and started to settle here , " Yilmaz said . "  There was no Bosphorus -LSB- then -RSB- . The Bosphorus was a river valley ... the people who settled here walked across the Bosphorus . " Plans to travel beneath the Bosphorus have been delayed at least four years by the excavation of the Theodosious Port . The postponement has added untold millions of dollars have also been added to the cost of the entire project . In the rush to move forward , the residents of Istanbul have accidentally uncovered a valuable piece of their city 's ancient past .	A 1.4 km long subway tunnel is being constructed under Istanbul 's Bosphorus Strait Operation uncovered the lost 4th century AD Byzantine port of Theodosius Thirty-four 1000-year-old ships have been excavated as well as remains of the port Discovery has delayed tunnel project by at least four years costing millions of dollars
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The number of people killed when militants stormed an election commission office in the Afghan capital Tuesday has risen to five , a spokesman for the Afghan Interior Ministry said . The victims were two police officers , two election commission workers and a provincial council candidate , said spokesman Sediq Sediqqi in Kabul . Eight others were injured , including four police officers and four election commission staff , Seddiqi said . After a five-hour gunbattle with Afghan security services , the five militants who carried out the attack were also killed , he said , bringing the violence to an end . Two militants blew themselves up as they entered the compound in the Darul Aman area , he said , while the remaining three went into the election commission building . "  The attackers would have killed a lot of innocent people , as there were 70 people working in that building , if the Afghan security forces had n't engaged them in the armed fight from outside , " Sediqqi said . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack , which comes less than two weeks before Afghanistan holds presidential elections . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said in an e-mail that the group 's armed suicide attackers had managed to enter the election commission office after causing a large explosion . The election commission office is near the home of presidential candidate Ashraf Ghani , but his house did not appear to be the target of the attack . He was campaigning Tuesday in eastern Paktia province . The Taliban have vowed to use force to disrupt the April 5 presidential vote . The group also claimed an attack last week on the central Serena Hotel in which nine people died , some Afghans and some foreigners . Six people were also injured . Among those killed were Sardar Ahmad , a senior reporter for the Agence France-Presse news agency , his wife and two of his three young children . Official : Suicide bombers attack bank In other violence Tuesday , at least five people were killed and 16 more injured when suicide bombers attacked a bank in Asadabad , the center of Afghanistan 's eastern Kunar province . Abdul Ghani Musamim , spokesman for Kunar 's provincial governor , told CNN three insurgents stormed a branch of Kabul Bank , where police and other governmental workers had gathered to receive their salaries . One detonated his explosives vest in front of the bank , while two others entered the building . One also blew himself up , and Afghan security forces shot the third attacker , Musamim said . Two police officers , a soldier , a private security guard for the bank and a government worker were killed . The 16 injured included members of the security forces and civilians . Afghan journalist and family slain at hotel mourned Official : 9 civilians die in attack on Kabul luxury hotel CNN 's Masoud Popalzai reported from Kabul , with Laura Smith-Spark writing in London . CNN 's Aliza Kassim and journalist Qadir Seddiqi contributed to this report .	NEW : Five people lost their lives in the attack ; five militants also killed , Afghan Interior Ministry says The gunbattle between Taliban militants and Afghan security services lasted five hours The militants stormed a local election commission office in the Afghan capital , Kabul The attack comes less than two weeks before the country 's April 5 presidential election
CNN  -- An Olympic gold medal is no guarantee of subsequent success as a professional boxer , but it meant the world for Wladimir Klitschko . However , that did not stop the Ukrainian from selling the coveted super heavyweight prize he won 16 years ago at the Atlanta Games . "  It was absolutely a highlight in my life and also a highlight for the country because Ukraine in 1996 for the first time traveled to the Olympic Games as an independent country , " the 36-year-old told CNN . "  We collected a lot of medals and we got ninth place worldwide , so we got in the top 10 , which was a great achievement by the athletes . " Klitschko will attend Friday 's glittering opening ceremony for London 2012 as the holder of four of the five recognized heavyweight belts . Unlike his Olympic successor , Britain 's Sydney 2000 champion Audley Harrison , he has a formidable record in professional boxing , winning 58 of his 61 fights -- 51 by knockout . Video : Amir Khan 's boxing master class He and his brother Vitali -- who holds the heavyweight division 's other title , the WBC belt -- have dominated the elite class for the last five years . But it was one of their many interests outside the ring that convinced Wladimir to auction off his gold medal -- so the proceeds could boost the coffers of the charitable foundation they set up the same year he fought his way to Olympic glory . "  I did sell the medal in March and 100 % of the funds , which is $ 1 million , went to the Klitschko Brothers Foundation -- we care about education and sport , that is the key in any children 's life , " Wladimir said . "  If they have knowledge they can succeed with that in their adult life and sport gives them the rules -- how to respect your opponent , how to respect the rules . "  It is always in life like that , you go down but you have to get up , and sport gives you this great lesson . " Haye vs. Chisora ? That 's just handbags - watch the women at the Olympics Klitschko 's most recent defense of his quartet of titles came against American Tony Thompson in Switzerland two weeks ago , when the Ukrainian stopped his 40-year-old opponent in the sixth round . And though he has penciled in another fight before the end of this year , Klitschko has yet to secure an opponent . "  I 'm a seasoned fighter and that means I have to stay busy , so I fought twice this year and by the end of the year -- November , December -- I 'm going to defend my titles again , " he said . "  I do n't know who is going to be the next opponent because I just fought recently . " One of Klitschko 's most recent victories came against former heavyweight champion David Haye in Hamburg last year , and though the Briton retired after the fight he recently returned to the ring to beat compatriot Dereck Chisora . Haye has repeatedly said he wants to fight Vitali , but Wladimir would n't be drawn on whether the pair would finally square off in the ring , saying his brother 's political ambitions would be his main focus after his bout against Manuel Charr . "  It 's very difficult to follow the wishes of David Haye -- he 's going to fight Vitali then he 's not , he 's retired then he 's not , " Klitschko said . "  There is a lot of controversy back and forth , and to make it clear Vitali is going to defend his WBC title in Moscow on September 8 against Manuel Charr and we ca n't look beyond that . "  First of all he has to win the fight , then he 's going to have parliamentary elections because Vitali is a politician . "  He 's hopefully going to get enough percentage and pass the line to get to the parliament of Ukraine , so then we 'll see how it goes with David Haye and the fight . "	Wladimir Klitschko tells CNN his gold at the Atlanta Olympics is one of his career highlights Current WBA , WBO , IBF and IBO champ took gold in the super heavyweight division in 1996 The 36-year-old auctioned his medal for $ 1 million to help his charitable foundation Klitschko says he will fight again before the end of this year
The Frisky  -- Dan had a big grin in his profile picture , like he 'd just said something super funny . He liked foreign novels , old buildings and could spell in complete words . He looked like a cute professor . Could this be ... my guy ? I 'd been online dating for a few months -- long enough . There were the guys who lied about their age/height/marital status , the guy who said I was a dead ringer for his favorite blond sports reporter and would I mind putting on a fake newscast for him and my favorite , the guy who asked me not to use face cream because he had a phobia about moisturizers . The Frisky : Cat gives birth to a dog ?! Dan seemed so normal . Even with that bright orange shirt . Forgivable . He told me about his knee injury , his love of almond butter and Alpine air . I reciprocated with anecdotes of world travels and professional mishaps . We beamed in mutual online adoration . Two weeks later , I was eating pre-date whole-wheat toast and deciding on outfit options : size 10 pencil skirt , black cashmere sweater , and boots . Understated sexy 30-something outfit , yes ! The Frisky : 6 roles intended for men , but cast as women I went to meet Mr. Could Be , and spotted a guy with a round , waffle-sized bald patch pacing outside the bar . Is that Dan ? It was . He looked more Woody Allen than George Clooney . I wondered where the guy in his pictures was tonight . Some awkward gazing and polite chitchat later , he ordered two courses and a bottle of Pinot , and I ordered salad . Then he began the food and fitness inquisition . The Frisky : 10 songs secretly written about celebrities "  You like fettuccini , right ? " he asked me , twice . "  Yah , but I 'm fine with the caprese , " I said . And this was just supposed to be drinks . "  So , how often do you run ? " he asked , shoving pasta in his face . "  Whenever I can , mostly on the weekends . " "  Not during the week ? " "  I try and avoid that getting raped and robbed in the park after dark thing , " I said . We discussed our jobs , artistic pursuits and the dog he still visited at his ex 's . Then he launched into a half-hour story about his best friend in prison . I wanted to go home , and I crossed my eyes to see if he 'd look better blurry . Nope . He was still talking . The waiter came over . The Frisky : 10 famous females who have a twin "  I hate it when they do that , " Dan said . "  Do what ? " "  Just assume that we want more wine . " He snorted . And when the bill came , he let it sit there . "  Surely a strong , modern woman like you would like to pay ? " Dan asked . I told him that this strong , modern woman was happy to have him pay . The Frisky : 8 celeb guys with revenge bodies We walked away , a comfortable distance of non-touchiness in between us . During our pat-on-the-back goodbye , he asked me about my workout schedule -- for the third time . I must have laughed since the air coming from my mouth was visible . Watch me run home now , you freak ! I sighed and mentally scribed the "  thanks , but no thanks " message I 'd write to him tomorrow . The Frisky : 7 sexy ladies missing belly buttons Dan beat me to it . I clicked on his message . It was 13 paragraphs long : I had a lovely time last night . You are so interesting , and smart and witty . Not to mention as pretty as Springtime .  Far prettier than I am handsome !  I have no idea if you 'd like to see me again , but a part of me would strongly like to ask you to do so . But -- Sigh . As is often the case in this fallen world , there is more that at least one of us -- me -- must say . I 'm an unusually sensitive and empathetic man , who is very aware of other people 's  particularly women 's  feelings . The task facing me has been to decide whether to simply say "  I had a great time , but did n't feel any chemistry , " or instead to say more . It wo n't shock you that I 've chosen the latter . So . I 'm by no means a fetishist for the skinny women whom Hollywood and Madison Avenue shove down our throats , but -- I do n't feel chemistry , frisson , with very curvy women . That may well be the end .  You can let me know by writing me an angry final message .  This much is certain : You 're beautiful , and there 's certainly no health-related reason why you would want to change a thing about yourself . I 'm writing , though , because several factors -- specifically , that phrase in my profile about me seeking " -LSB- someone -RSB- who 'd like to move in that direction " ; plus your frequent mentions of running ; plus your markedly small dinner last night -- leave open the possibility that you 've decided to embark on and commit to a process of transformation . When I moved back to the city , I weighed 163 pounds and was skinny ; I now weigh 185 pounds , with virtually all the gain being muscle . If this is the case , and if you were interested in continuing to explore a relationship with me , you 'd find me an encouraging , energetic , optimistic -- but firm -- addition to your team . Fondly , Dan I took a long breath and hit the "  reply " button . Dear Dan , There are so many things I 'd like to tell you . Like how I spat out tuna and little bits of celery all over my keyboard the first time I read your message . Or how , on the second read-through , I had to run to the closest meeting room to hide . That did n't really help since it has glass walls , so now I was crying in a fishbowl . Yeah , thanks for sending me that message . At work . You can take your ` frisson ' and go jump off a you-know-what since a man with any testosterone would drool over my cleavage . And that poofball above your forehead is n't fooling anyone , so would you mind growing your hair back , and while you 're at it , get some real shoulders , and stop being so rude to the nice waiter pouring our wine . Perhaps then I could consider dating you . Thanks . The one thing I will say , however , is this : I am not your petri dish . Nor is any other woman -- yes , the ones you 're out there wooing with your in-depth knowledge of romantic poetry and early 20th century architecture . Enjoy being single , Dan . Forever . Fondly , Me P.S. I sent your literary bile to my friends , who forwarded it to their respective boyfriends , husbands and mailmen , all of whom want to conduct a manhunt and slowly tear you into little pieces of Dan . Be careful out there . The Frisky : 30 things every woman should quit doing by 30 But I never pressed the "  send " button . Dan does n't deserve my heated words , or the three minutes of my life it 'd take to write them . I am grateful for my body , for its healthy curves propping up my wardrobe , and these legs that run around Central Park and up infinite subway stairs . I do n't need a guy to tell me that . Obama and 12 more biracial celeb hotties TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Martin had been online dating for a few months and thought she 'd finally found the one After a horrible first date , Martin realized she 'd have to let Dan down the next day Dan sent her a message first , and told Martin she needed to lose weight to date him
CNN  -- Martha Chumo , a 19-year-old self-taught programmer , was supposed to be in New York right now , honing her coding skills and mastering cutting-edge technologies in the company of fellow software enthusiasts . Instead , she 's thousands of miles away , in her hometown of Nairobi , Kenya . A few months ago , Chumo was accepted into the summer intake of Hacker School , a U.S.-based "  retreat for hackers , " where budding programmers come together for three months to write code , learn new languages and share industry insights . Whereas the programming boot camp was free to attend , Chumo still needed to find a way to cover her trip costs and buy a new laptop . Excited and determined , the young developer turned to online crowdsourcing platform Indiegogo for funds . She set a target of $ 4,200 and managed to raise nearly $ 5,800 . All she needed then was a visa to travel to the United States . Read this : 10 African startups you need to know Alas , this was not to be . As an unmarried adult who was not enrolled at university , Chumo was not eligible for a U.S. tourist visa because she could n't show sufficient "  social ties " to Kenya to prove that she was planning to return home after attending Hacker School . But the U.S. consulate 's refusal only served to slightly alter the plans of this passionate coder . "  I thought if I ca n't go to the hacker school , let me try to bring the school to me , " says Chumo . "  Let me see  what can I do to start a school here . " Read this : Tech hub working on ` next big idea ' Within minutes of her second visa request denial , on June 4 , Chumo was calling her friends to announce that , "  I 'm starting a hacker school in Kenya ! ' A few days later , she launched another Indiegogo campaign asking people to help her set up her own school for developers in Nairobi . "  I was so frustrated because I had applied to go to Hacker School ; I got into it , I raised funds to go there , I had all these plans to read and learn for three months and then I 'm not allowed to go -- that 's how the idea for the school was born . " Autodidact It 's all a big change for this bright youngster who did n't even own a computer until a year ago , let alone know how to write Python web frameworks and Ruby gems . A top pupil at her school , Chumo was planning to study medicine at the University of Nairobi . But she "  bumped " into the tech world last summer during an internship that enabled her to access a computer on a daily basis . This triggered a deep desire in her to learn everything about this exciting new world ; Chumo quit her internship , took her savings and bought a laptop . Soon after she was rubbing shoulders several hours a day with fellow techies at the iHub -- a co-working space that 's become the meeting point for Kenya 's coders and aspiring tech entrepreneurs -- using online tools such as Github and Treehouse to become versed in web design and development . Read this : African startup takes on Silicon Valley Not interested in becoming a doctor anymore , Chumo started working with other programmers on open source software and got a job as a developer . Her passion to become better then led her to apply to Hacker School . "  In programming you 're constantly reading and learning and doing something new , " says Chumo . "  There 's always room for improvement in what you 're doing , " she adds . "  You get to do something new and not use the same old technology forever -- that 's the fun part , and also being able to build anything that you can think of . " Tech potential Kenya has experienced a major boom in information and communications technology in recent years , spurred by major investments to use the sector as a driver for economic growth and the roll out of submarine cables bringing high-speed broadband . Although still young , the country 's burgeoning tech scene has also been boosted by a surge in the number of innovation centers , such as the iHub , which enable talented coders and young entrepreneurs to collaborate and develop their free-flowing ideas . Read this : Why tech innovators are Africa 's future Chumo says that , similar to Hacker School , Nairobi 's dev school will run for three months and be free of charge for participants . Its goal is to equip young programmers from across East Africa with valuable skills and help them build exciting new technology for the continent . "  My vision for it is to have a three months program where developers from Africa can come and learn new technologies and become world-class developers , " says Chumo , adding that she 's already found a space to host the aspiring programmers . "  Not just doing small kinds of technology but getting Africa to get the new Google , the big technologies , these will be things to come from Africa . " So far , Chumo has managed to raise about $ 12,000 at Indiegogo , out of her $ 50,000 goal . As determined as ever , she says that even if she does n't manage to hit the target , she 'll continue with her plans to provide learning opportunities to East Africa 's tech community . "  For the funds , I am looking into company sponsorship as an alternative , " she says . "  I am planning to start , now that I have some funds . I know there are many companies and individuals that are willing to run with us , " adds Chumo . "  In some way , it was a good thing that they did n't let me go -LSB- to Hacker School -RSB- . "	Teenager plans to open a school for programmers in Nairobi , Kenya Idea came after she was denied visa to travel to U.S. Hacker School Martha Chumo says she wants to help African programmers improve their coding skills She is currently running an Indiegogo campaign to raise funds for the school
CNN  -- The Rev. Jesse L. Jackson was fond of quoting his version of the Romans 5:3 -5 passage that discusses the positive impact adversity can have on one 's life . "  Suffering builds character , character breeds faith , and in the end faith will not disappoint , " Jackson often said in speeches . He could have been describing Nelson Mandela 's 27 years in prison , and lifelong fight for freedom . Since Mandela passed , a narrative has emerged that he entered prison as a violent revolutionary and emerged as a nonviolent peacemaker and reconciler . That is , at best , revisionist history . Prison did not turn Mandela into a pacifist , but it may have turned him into a realist aware of the difficulty of healing the racial wounds in his country . When Mandela was released in 1990 , I was in South Africa covering it as a reporter , traveling with Jackson . I recall the throngs of people that awaited Mandela and marveled at the scene . When I spoke to Mandela in a brief interview , he hinted at how his time in prison affected him . "  How do you not hate white people ? " I asked him . His answer surprised me . "  If I had allowed myself to become bitter , I would have died in prison , " he said . His ideals never changed in prison and never softened his stance against apartheid . "  I am not prepared to sell the birthright of the people to be free , " he said . Mandela was offered many times to be released from prison if he had been willing to make certain concessions about his anti-government views . But he did not . What I believe did change during Mandela 's time in prison was his view of what it would take to move his country forward after the end of apartheid as a free and democratic country for all South Africans . His truth and reconciliation policy allowed the country to heal . It allowed black South Africans to learn what happened to their loved ones who disappeared . It brought closure and opened the door to forgiveness . Beyond the country 's healing , it also demonstrated that Mandela would be the president of all South Africa , not just a black South Africa . Mandela and his fellow freedom fighters fought to end the evil of apartheid -- not simply to beat down the perpetrators of it . Keeping his eyes on that prize and not allowing himself to be consumed by hate helped shape him into the leader that a new South Africa needed , and one we can admire . No one can say what Mandela would have been like if he had not gone to prison . But perhaps it is safe to say that without that time in prison , he would have been different : no less charismatic , no less brilliant . Because what prison helped Mandela understand was that even a black president who had been denied full citizenship in his country could not let hate -- even the anger that hate begot -- have the last word . If he did , South Africa could not move forward . And neither can we . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sylvester Monroe .	Sylvester Monroe : Nelson Mandela 's leadership was shaped by his 27 years in prison Prison did n't turn Mandela into a pacifist but perhaps a realist , Monroe says Suffering , truth and forgiveness contributed in helping heal racial wounds , he says
Atlanta  CNN  -- A number of states , including Georgia , already are putting things in place to opt out of the controversial No Child Left Behind Law , following President Barrack Obama 's announcement Friday that states can now apply for waivers . The law , passed in 2001 , requires , among other things , that public schools meet targets designed to make all students proficient in math and reading by 2014 or face penalties . The administration will begin reviewing applications to waive some of the demands the law places on states , Obama said Friday . Top education officials in Georgia said Friday that it should be up to each individual state to decide how best to evaluate student performance in the classroom . Following the president 's announcement , Georgia State School Superintendent Dr. John Barge described his state 's alternative to closing the achievement gap . The College and Career Ready Performance Index , "  lets states determine how they approach the guiding principles , " Barge said Friday . Georgia is one of a handful of states , including Kentucky , Delaware , and Wisconsin that have expressed interest in waivers seeking flexibility from No Child Left Behind  NCLB  . Barge and U.S. Senator Johnny Isakson  R-Ga .  personally delivered Georgia 's request for a waiver to U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan Tuesday . Barge said the waiver will give schools more flexibility . "  It will not be a matter of the entire accountability label hinging on a single test , " he said . Under the administration 's new guidelines , states will be encouraged to devise standards of accountability that do not treat all schools the same . "  The purpose is not to give states and districts a reprieve from accountability , but rather to unleash energy to improve our schools at the local level , " Obama said in a statement . In order to gain approval for waivers , states must present the U.S. Department of Education with credible alternative plans to measure performance . Georgia 's proposal focuses on several indicators to measure student performance , including reading , language arts , math , science , and social studies , offering an index that will vary based on grade level . "  With NCLB , science and social studies teachers were not measured to determine adequate yearly progress , " Georgia Department of Education Communications Director Matt Cardoza said . "  Many times , those teachers would feel their subjects were not as important . Now , there are multiple indicators , including science and social studies . " States that do not apply for waivers will still be expected to meet the guidelines set out by No Child Left Behind . States may submit official applications for waivers by mid-November . Waivers could be granted in early 2010 . CNN 's Lesa Jansen contributed to this report	President Obama announces state waivers to No Child Left Behind Georgia is among a number of states seeking a waiver Georgia lays out its alternative plan to measure achievement
London  CNN  -- With her flaming red hair , Marilyn Monroe figure , and lurid green snake casually coiled around the arm , Jo-Jo Cranfield looks like a real-life muse emerging from a Salvador Dali painting . It 's impossible not to stare at the neon python on her left wrist . But take a closer look and you 'll discover that the reptile slithers in and out of the flesh like a psychedelic needle and thread . Cranfield is an amputee . And her fantastical arm -- described as everything from cool to creepy , and erotic -- is the work of a London designer reinventing the way we see prosthetic limbs . From stereo legs to feather arms , Sophie de Oliveira Barata 's Alternative Limb Project crosses into the realm of surrealist art , yet with a very important function . "  It 's drawing attention to their disability in a positive way , " said de Oliveira Barata . "  Rather than people seeing what 's missing , it 's about what they 've got . "  Having an alternative limb is about claiming control and saying ` I 'm an individual and this reflects who I am . ' " Superhuman De Oliveira Barata 's remarkable work was thrust into the international spotlight last year when model and singer Viktoria Modesta wore her Swarovski crystal leg at the London Paralympics closing ceremony . Artificial limbs are usually designed to be as inconspicuous as possible . Yet here was an amputee proudly stretching her bejeweled leg before a stadium of flashing cameras and millions of TV viewers across the world . "  Generally the whole technology is moving towards trying to recapture a lifelike limb that looks realistic and also acts realistic in motion , " said de Oliveira . "  In this instance I 'm doing the complete opposite and I think it does capture that whole childlike imagination -- it 's like being a superhero with super powers . " Read this : Are bionic superhumans on the horizon ? Loud and proud For Latvian-born Modesta , who had her left leg amputated below the knee as a teenager due to ongoing health problems , alternative limbs are as much a way of expressing herself as the clothes she wears . "  Being a self-confessed fashionista , things that I 'm into tend to change all the time , and like most key pieces in my wardrobe I would only wear it a number of times , " she said . "  The first time I wore a limb that was so obviously bionic , it gave me a total sense of uniqueness and feeling mutant human in the best way possible . " Interactive : Explore the bionic body Similarly Cranfield , who tends to wear her snake arm on nights out with friends , says it makes her feel powerful and sexy . "  I wanted people to have to look at me twice with amazement , " said Cranfield , a motivational speaker and para triathlete , who was born without an arm below the elbow . "  I 'd rather people just asked me outright how I lost my arm . This is so out there -- like I 'm wanting you to look at me -- that it makes people feel OK to ask questions . " A special effect After studying special effects prosthetics for film and TV , de Oliveira Barata worked with a realistic prosthetics company for eight years , continuing to experiment with artistic limbs in her spare time . In 2009 she contacted Modesta with her unique idea for an alternative limb company , and the pair began collaborating on a groundbreaking stereo leg , replete with speakers and stiletto shoe . The prototype was a success and de Oliveira Barata 's clients now range from ex-military men looking for a sci-fi leg to children wanting a secret compartment to store their pencils . The bespoke limbs cost between $ 4,600 and $ 21,000 . Materials vary according to each design , but must be durable , lightweight , and water resistant . In Britain , the National Health Service currently only funds realistic limbs . But De Oliveira Barata argued that alternative prostheses could be just as beneficial . "  The dominant thinking is that a new limb should be as close a match to the previous limb as possible , " she said . "  But until technology gets to the point where you can have a realistic looking limb in movement and aesthetics , there will always be this uncanny middle ground . "  Having an alternative limb embraces difference and can help create a sense of ownership and empowerment . " Moving with the times Not just aesthetically pioneering , de Oliveira is now working on a new series of limbs with alternative functions . Swiss army knife arms with fold-out tools , nightclubbing legs that light up to music , and cooking arms with different attachments for kitchen appliances , are just some of the futuristic designs she 's been working on as part of the project with special effects students at Hertfordshire University , in England . There is something undeniably playful about the project . After all , one of Cranfield 's favorite tricks is walking around with her snake arm poking out the top of her bag . "  It provokes some strange reactions , " she admitted . "  But I 've never wanted to just fit in -- I 've always wanted to be different . "	London designer Sophie de Oliveira Barata creates artistic limbs for amputees From snake arms to floral legs , she challenges perceptions of prostheses Model Viktoria Modesta wore crystal leg to Paralympics closing ceremony De Oliveira Barata says alternative limbs have psychological benefits
Batesville , Mississippi  CNN  Investigators "  are looking at the strong possibility " someone was in the car with a 19-year-old Mississippi woman moments before a fire engulfed the vehicle , a prosecuting attorney said Friday . But District Attorney John Champion would not say what led investigators to believe Jessica Chambers was n't alone just before the fire burned her and the car Saturday night near a rural road near Courtland , Mississippi . Chambers died Sunday . Since then , investigators have released very few details about the crime . Chambers ' funeral will be Saturday in Batesville , a small town in northwest Mississippi . The rewards for information about her case have grown to a total of $ 11,000 . Champion said investigators have talked to the person who called 911 and have cleared them from involvement in the crime . Investigators said they talked to Chambers ' relatives and "  there were no family issues , " the prosecutor said . Champion already has said investigators are treating the case as an arson , and an accelerant was used in the blaze . Three special agents from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives in Atlanta were in Courtland on Friday morning looking for clues at the crime scene . The crime scene , next to an asphalt road with no dividing line , is nondescript except for the yellow police tape and the scorch marks on nearby trees and grass . Questions abound about how the former high school cheerleader and her car ended up severely burned in this wooded area . After obtaining warrants and cracking a password , police were able to access Chambers ' phone records and are following up on leads , a prosecutor said Thursday . Police are searching her data and text records after obtaining warrants Wednesday that compelled Google and her cell phone provider to give police access to her phone 's content , Champion said . Investigators believe her phone will be "  the key to everything , " the prosecutor said . She received a call before she left her house , he said . On Thursday , Champion spoke at a news conference , pleading for public help with the case and asking anyone with information , even if they think it 's insignificant , to talk to police . He said he did n't expect an arrest in the immediate future . Champion said Wednesday that when firefighters arrived at the scene , Chambers approached one of them and spoke . Champion did n't divulge the teen 's words but said , "  It has certainly given us a lead we 're following up on . " Chambers ' older sister , Amanda Prince , said Jessica called their mother from a gas station and told her she would be home right after she cleaned her car . The business , which Champion characterized as a rural mom-and-pop store , is about 2 miles from Chambers ' home . It sells fried chicken , pizza and deli sandwiches , and there is a constant stream of people sharing rumors and random chatter about the killing that has rocked their area . The gas station owner who helped her said nothing seemed out of sorts . "  She seemed normal , " Ali Alsanai told CNN affiliate WREG . "  She did n't seem like something was going wrong , you know ? She just seemed normal . She just pumped some gas , we had a talk and she left . " He said Thursday that one thing struck him as odd : Chambers pumped $ 14 worth of gas . She was a regular in the store , popping in every day or two , and she rarely pumped more than $ 5 in gas , he said . "  I asked her about it , and she said she was going somewhere , " he said . "  She was quiet that day , real quiet . " Employee Renna Tucker said Chambers was a fixture at the store . Everyone knew her , and she was "  real friendly , " the attendant said . "  Not one time have I ever heard her get loud , have a smart mouth . She was always smiling , " she said . A Facebook page titled Justice for Jessica has drawn more than 97,000 likes , and that number was climbing rapidly Thursday . The page states it was created "  to keep Jessica 's name alive & out there . " CNN 's Steve Almasy , Dave Alsup and John Murgatroyd contributed to this report	DA says there 's a "  strong possibility " teen was n't alone when fire started Man who saw teen before death says , "  She was quiet that day , real quiet " Emergency responders found her badly burned on a rural road in Northwest Mississippi
CNN  -- Police arrested a woman discovered in the Georgia home of music producer Dallas Austin , Sandy Springs police say . The home , located in an Atlanta suburb north of the city , is presently being rented by pop star Justin Bieber , according to a news release . "  A family member found the woman sleeping in one of the home 's bedrooms shortly after 5 p.m. " on Wednesday , police said . Qianying Zhao of Doraville , another Atlanta suburb , was charged with criminal trespass . "  She told police that she entered the unoccupied home through an unlocked door and came to the home to attend Bieber 's birthday party , which was held earlier in the week at another location , " the news release said . "  She originally said she was friends with the singer . However , it is believed that she is one of millions who follow Bieber on Twitter , " the release said . The woman was taken to the Fulton County Jail Annex in Alpharetta and booked on a misdemeanor . Justin Biber jail video to be released with his private parts blurred	Woman was found sleeping in one of the home 's bedrooms , police say Justin Bieber is presently renting the home of producer Dallas Austin Woman told police she was Bieber 's pal , but she may be Twitter follower
CNN  -- Colombian rebels say they are ready to start the unilateral release of five hostages , according to a message posted Wednesday on a former Colombian senator 's website . The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , said in the message that "  we hope to disseminate security protocols that surround the operation to unleash the dynamics of the releases . " The message was posted on the website of former Colombian Sen. Piedad Cordoba , who has a history of negotiating the release of FARC hostages . The FARC message , dated Monday , said that the Colombian army has intensified its preparations for the release . In December , the FARC announced its plans to release the five hostages -- a police major , two military service members and two municipal politicians -- as a humanitarian gesture . In the December statement , the FARC criticized Colombia 's attorney general for removing and disqualifying Cordoba from serving in the legislature . The attorney general cited her close ties to the group as the basis for her removal from the Senate . The hostages to be freed were identified in December as police Maj. Guillermo Solorzano , Army Cpl. Salin Sanmiguel , Marine Henry Lopez Martinez , and mayors Marcos Vaquero and Armando Acuna .	Colombian rebels say they 're ready to start the unilateral release of hostages The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , announced the release last month
CNN  -- The Humane Society has accused a federally funded primate center of mistreating chimpanzees and other primates , saying that some animals showed signs of psychosis and self-mutilation . New Iberia Research Center cages about 325 chimps on its 100 acres . It also has about 6,000 monkeys . The allegations against the New Iberia Research Center in Louisiana , which houses more than 6,500 primates , came after a nine-month undercover investigation . The center denies the allegations . "  We found animals living in isolation , exhibiting self-mutilating behavior , psychosis , all sorts of emotional and physical problems at this laboratory , " Humane Society President Wayne Pacelle told CNN on Wednesday . The Humane Society 's undercover investigator , who worked as a laboratory technician with a hidden camera , revealed 338 violations of the federal Animal Welfare Act , which sets standards for the treatment of animals in labs , Pacelle said . The Humane Society posted some of its secret footage on its Web site . The footage includes an animal with what the group said was a self-inflicted wound , another animal jumping in circles in its cage , and chimpanzees screaming as lab technicians approached with a dart gun . The violations were filed in a 108-page complaint to the U.S. Department of Agriculture , which is required by law to enforce the Animal Welfare Act , the organization said . Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said he will order a thorough investigation of animal welfare practices at the facility . "  If the allegations prove to be true , the American public can expect the perpetrators to be held fully accountable . I take the protection of animals very seriously , and will do my utmost to fully enforce the Animal Welfare Act , " he said in a written statement . The New Iberia Research Center , part of the University of Louisiana at Lafayette , issued a statement saying that the videos "  distort acceptable standard procedures and incorrectly imply mistreatment of nonhuman primates at the New Iberia Research Center . " It added : "  We take very seriously our responsibility to care for the animals housed at the center and to carry out biomedical research according to federal rules and regulations . " The center further said it properly housed and cared for the animals . It also said it complies with regulations of the USDA , the Food and Drug Administration , and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The Humane Society accused workers at New Iberia of hitting primates on the mouth , using "  painful " dart guns and removing infant monkeys from their mothers . The Humane Society also said it had documented evidence of "  rampant " breeding of government-owned chimpanzees . In 2007 , the National Institutes of Health 's National Center for Research Resources , following a 12-year moratorium , said it would no longer breed chimpanzees for research , citing financial reasons . The New Iberia Research Center has received more than $ 37 million in grants from the NIH , according to the center 's Web site . The NIH said it has opened an investigation regarding the allegations and said it is working closely with the USDA . However , it said it could not comment on the allegations while its investigation is under way . "  The results will be available when the investigation is complete , " the NIH said in a written statement . "  We are committed to the safety and welfare of all animals in research . All animals used in federally funded research are protected by laws , regulations , and policies to ensure they are used in the smallest numbers possible and with the greatest commitment to their comfort . " Pacelle said the most serious issue was the self-mutilation and "  nonstop pacing and circling , psychosis and other abnormal behaviors . " "  These are highly intelligent animals . They have a sense of self , they have a sense of past and future , they have the wide range of emotions that we have , " he said . "  They should not be subjected to this long-term , decade-long isolation , and all these painful and physical procedures and the psychological torment in these laboratories . " The New Iberia Research Center says it offers a "  broad range of diagnostic , laboratory , and human resources for the development and characterization of nonhuman primate models for applied and basic research aimed at promoting human quality of life . " In its statement e-mailed to CNN , the center said it has made numerous contributions to public health improvements for the prevention and treatment of three forms of hepatitis , mumps , measles , chicken pox and mad cow disease . CNN 's Bill Caiaccio and Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report .	Society says undercover investigation found animal psychosis , self-mutilation Center denies allegations , says it properly housed and cared for the animals Agriculture secretary says he 'll order investigation of facility 's animal welfare practices New Iberia Research Center in Louisiana houses more than 6,500 primates
CNN  -- Jennifer Tyrrell and her family went to the headquarters of the Boy Scouts of America in Irving , Texas , to deliver a petition of 300,000 signatures asking the organization to end its ban on gay Scouts and gay Scout leaders . The BSA 's policy of "  not granting membership to open or avowed homosexuals " is a travesty . It led to the dismissal of Jennifer , who was the den leader of her own 7-year-old son 's troop in Bridgeport , Ohio . By reaffirming its anti-gay policy , the BSA is telling the entire nation that maintaining its legacy of discrimination is more important to them than strengthening the bond between a mother and her son . The BSA clearly has its priorities backwards . In spite of calls for change from its own board members , from high-profile Eagle Scouts and from Americans of all stripes , it refuses to budge . Other organizations , such as the Girl Scouts , 4-H clubs , the Boys & Girls Clubs of America and even the U.S. Armed Forces , have put an end to such discrimination . It might not be easy for an organization to admit it is wrong . Especially since the BSA has had this policy for decades ; it has even gone all the way to the Supreme Court to try to preserve it . But just because you have a right to discriminate does n't mean it is right to discriminate . No matter how much the organization digs in its heels , it has to acknowledge that Tyrell 's story is widely accessible to the American people . And it is n't only Jennifer and her son who are affected by the policy . Parents in Bridgeport are angry that the BSA has put them in the position where they had to explain to their children why their favorite den leader would not be allowed back . Parents should not have to explain to their children why their favorite after-school activity discriminates against their friends and their friends ' families . Over the past few months , I 've gotten to know Jennifer very well . Her eyes light up when she speaks about her time with her son 's troop . I 've seen those same eyes well with tears when she recounts what the BSA did to her , simply because she is who she is . Her son , Cruz , is going to grow into a remarkable young man . But right now , he 's a young boy who had been told for the first time , by an organization he wanted desperately to join , that his family is n't good enough . Jennifer and Cruz are n't alone in being tremendously hurt by the BSA . There are countless Scouts and Scout leaders living under the fear that they could be kicked out at any moment , simply for being gay or lesbian . Someday , this wo n't be the case . It is inevitable that the BSA will need to change its policy of intolerance . I believe the change will come soon . And the more we continue to speak out , the more we stand beside moms such as Jennifer , the more we demand that discrimination end , the sooner that "  someday " will arrive . If the Boy Scouts of America 's aim is to teach children about leadership qualities and moral values , it needs to start by treating the members of its community with fairness and decency . For more than 100 years , the BSA has prided itself on building tomorrow 's leaders . But it can not continue to do so by clinging to yesterday 's antiquated and hateful biases . The time to change is now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Herndon Graddick .	The Boy Scouts of America is not granting membership to gays and lesbians Herndon Graddick : The organization 's policy is a travesty He says the BSA has prided itself on building tomorrow 's leaders Graddick : How can it do so with a discriminatory policy toward its members ?
London , England  CNN  -- Counterterrorism officers were Saturday searching the suspected London home of a man at the center of an incident aboard a U.S.-bound passenger flight that Britain 's home secretary described as a "  potentially serious security threat . " The search , which focused on a upscale block in the heart of London 's embassy district , followed the incident on Friday in which a Nigerian man ignited a small explosive device on a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit . The incident triggered an increase in security at UK airports and at Schiphol in Amsterdam , where the suspect in the attempted attack on a Northwest flight went through "  normal security procedures , " according to the security officials . In the British capital , a spokesman for University College London confirmed they had a student named Umar Farouk Abdul Mutallab enrolled in their Department of Mechanical Engineering from September 2005 to June 2008 . The name matched the identity of the suspect said by U.S. authorities to have been involved in an attempted terrorist attack . UK Home Secretary Alan Johnson said he is following the case closely and has assured the public that police in Britain are working closely with U.S. investigators "  to uncover the full background to the incident . " "  We will ensure that the UK continues to have in place the most appropriate security measures to protect the public from the terrorist threat wherever it originates from , " he said . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown added in a separate statement : "  The security of the public must always be our primary concern . "  We have been working closely with the U.S. authorities on investigating this incident since it happened yesterday . Because of the serious potential threat posed by the incident , I have spoken to the commissioner of the Metropolitan police , whose officers have been carrying out searched of properties in London . "  We will continue to take whatever action necessary to protect passengers on airlines and the public , " Brown added . One piece of information led police to an ornate building on Mansfield Street in London , where Abdulmutallab may have once lived in a basement apartment . It was n't clear as to what police were searching for . U.S. security sources told CNN that Abdulmutallab flew into Amsterdam 's Schiphol Airport on a KLM flight from Lagos , Nigeria . A U.S. administration official said the suspect did not undergo secondary screening in Amsterdam , though Schiphol officials say all connecting passengers bound for the United States undergo secondary searches . Schiphol officials said they boosted the secondary screening for U.S.-bound connecting passengers Saturday , doing body searches and bag checks instead of using the usual metal detectors and X-ray machines . The measures were being implemented at the request of U.S. authorities , a Schiphol spokesman said . There was also increased security Saturday for U.S.-bound passengers in Britain , whether they were connecting through Britain or flying direct . BAA , which operates several British airports including London 's Heathrow , said all passengers on U.S.-bound flights will now be subject to the secondary screening at the gate . The screening used to happen on a random basis . There were no reported delays from Heathrow Saturday , but passengers boarding a U.S.-bound Virgin Atlantic aircraft were told there would be no in-flight electronic entertainment in the wake of the incident . Britain 's Department for Transport said U.S. authorities requested the additional measures . "  Passengers traveling to the United States should expect their airline to carry out additional security checks prior to boarding , " BAA said . "  To support this important process , which will take time , we would advise passengers to leave more time to check in and limit the amount of baggage being taken on board the aircraft . If in any doubt , please contact the relevant airline for further information . " The British Department for Transport said it would assess the measures "  as necessary " as the situation develops . The incident in Detroit will now focus attention on the searching of connecting passengers , especially those going to the United States , CNN Correspondent Richard Quest said . "  Previously discretionary searches are now likely to be mandatory and , certainly in the near future , all U.S.-bound passengers should expect to be searched before boarding the aircraft , " he said . -- CNN 's Per Nyberg and Simon Hooper in London , England , and Richard Quest and Erin McLaughlin in Amsterdam , Netherlands , contributed to this report .	Police in London searching buildings in connection with Detroit plane incident Nigerian man center of terror probe after igniting device on Northwest Airlines jet Airline security stepped up in London , Amsterdam following incident
ABUSIR , Egypt  CNN  -- Today , I met Cleopatra 's lawyer . Well , not her lawyer but someone who is determined to defend the legendary queen against centuries of bad publicity . Kathleen Martinez , an archaeologist from the Dominican Republic , wants to mend Cleopatra 's tattered reputation . Kathleen Martinez is a young archaeologist from the Dominican Republic who has toiled for three years on a barren hillside overlooking the coastal highway linking Alexandria with the Libyan border . According to the Egyptian Supreme Council of Antiquities , it 's here , at a spot known as Abusir , that the tomb of Marc Antony and Cleopatra might be located . I met Martinez in a dusty tomb full of bones at the excavation site . She recounted to me that , as a young girl , she listened in on a scholarly discussion in her father 's library about Cleopatra . "  They were speaking very badly about her and about her image , " she recalled . "  I got very upset . I said I did n't believe what they are saying , that I needed to study more about her . " Martinez went on to earn a law degree but continued to be fascinated by the saga of Cleopatra . Four years ago , she managed to convince Zahi Hawass , the untiring director of the Egyptian Supreme Council of Antiquities , to allow her to start excavating at Abusir . Her fascination with -- and admiration for -- Cleopatra is intense . The last queen of Ancient Egypt , she told me , "  spoke nine languages , she was a philosopher , she was a poet , she was a politician , she was a goddess , and she was a warrior . " In short , Martinez believes , Cleopatra was a woman way ahead of her times . And given that history is written by the victors -- in Cleopatra 's case , the Romans -- her press was somewhat less than complimentary . It was "  bad propaganda , " in Martinez 's words . For that reason , she told me , "  I want to be Cleopatra 's lawyer . " With Hawass , Martinez is now working on a book about Cleopatra to repair all that damage . The tale of Antony and Cleopatra has fueled the popular imagination for centuries . Ill-fated lovers were a favorite theme for William Shakespeare , and the Roman noble and the Egyptian queen certainly fit the bill . Marc Antony was a no less fascinating character than Cleopatra . In his youth , he led a life of heavy drinking and womanizing . According to the Roman historian Plutarch , Antony accumulated debts of 250 talents , the equivalent of $ 5 million , before reaching 20 . To escape his creditors in Rome , he fled to Greece , where he studied with the philosophers of Athens , before being called to join the Roman legions in the east , then serving under Julius Caesar . After Caesar 's assassination , Marc Antony became embroiled in a series of power struggles and eventually ended up in Egypt . Egypt was the enemy of his former ally , Octavian , who would go on to become the Emperor Augustus , the first emperor of Rome . Octavian defeated Antony 's forces at the battle of Actium in 30 B.C. Shortly afterward , Antony and Cleopatra committed suicide , he by his own sword , she by a poisonous asp . Octavian , according to Plutarch , allowed them to be buried together "  in splendid and regal fashion . " But no one knows where . The sudden focus on Antony and Cleopatra has also reignited an old debate over the latter 's looks . Was Cleopatra a stunning beauty a la Elizabeth Taylor , or somewhat less spectacular ? Researchers from Newcastle University in England claimed in 2007 that , based upon coins found from the period , she was quite homely , with "  a shallow forehead , long , pointed nose , narrow lips and a sharply pointed chin . " See gallery of tomb that might be Cleopatra 's " The same researchers did n't have a very flattering assessment of Marc Antony either , saying he had "  bulging eyes , a large hooked nose and a thick neck . " No Richard Burton . This does contradict Plutarch 's description of Marc Antony as having "  a noble dignity of form ; and a shapely beard , a broad forehead , and an aquiline nose -LSB- that -RSB- were thought to show the virile qualities peculiar to the portraits and statues of Hercules " ? Hawass has n't had much to say in defense of Marc Antony , but he claims the coins found in Abusir show Cleopatra was "  beautiful . " At Abusir , he showed me one of the coins with Cleopatra 's likeness . "  The only thing you can see here is her nose is a bit big . " That 's because , Hawass insisted , "  when you draw a face on a coin you can not draw the beauty of a queen , and therefore I think that the lady who captured the hearts of Julius Caesar and Marc Antony can not have been ugly . " Egyptians , who are intensely proud of their country and its ancient heritage , may be forgiven for their insistence on this point . I tend to take the middle ground on this one . Beauty is more than skin deep , and what seems to have captivated Julius Caesar and Marc Antony was not physical but rather inner beauty . Watch report from CNN 's Ben Wedeman on Cleopatra " Plutarch wrote in his "  Life of Antony " that "  for her beauty was in itself not altogether incomparable , nor such as to strike those who saw her . " In other words , she was plain . Plutarch goes on to write , however , that she was intelligent , charming and has "  sweetness in the tones of her voice . " The mystery of what Cleopatra really looked like may never be solved . In any event , it 's just one of many mysteries in Egypt . Others include the obvious ones : How were the pyramids built ? Who built them ? Why were they built ? How old is the Sphinx ? Hawass dismisses with lusty contempt the people who espouse the more fantastic theories  that aliens built the pyramids , that the Sphinx is more than 10,000 years old  , labeling them "  pyramidiots . " But there are other historical mysteries out there that have yet to be answered . Some archaeologists are trying to find the tomb of Alexander the Great  who died in Babylon but , according to some ancient historians , was buried in Egypt  . Others are searching for the remains of the lost army of Cambyses -- 50,000 soldiers dispatched on a mission by the Persian Emperor to attack the Oracle of Amon  today 's Siwa Oasis in western Egypt  only to disappear during a sandstorm in the Sahara Desert . There has been plenty of excitement in the past few days over reports that Martinez and her team are about to find the long-lost tomb of Antony and Cleopatra . Alas , the enthusiasts are going to have to be patient . The summer residence of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is just down the road from the site . For security reasons , no one is allowed on the hillside where the excavations are taking place from May through November . So unless Mubarak decides to overrule his security detail , the solving of this mystery will have to be put on hold for at least another five months . We 've waited 2,000 years . I guess we can wait a few more months .	Kathleen Martinez has toiled for three years in Egypt looking for Cleopatra 's tomb Martinez says the Egyptian queen has gotten an unfair reputation over the centuries Cleopatra spoke nine languages and was a philosopher and poet , Martinez says So was Marc Antony 's lover beautiful or plain or ugly ? That debate rages on
CNN  After days of caving , counter-caving , threats , U-turns , investigations and pontifications , it 's hard to know which way 's up anymore with Sony , "  The Interview " and North Korea . So , now people will go to the movie when it opens Christmas Day in the U.S. and then perhaps everyone can judge the merits of this massive incident , but let 's take a moment to speak for the only subgroup not represented in the viral debate . The film is about journalists , yes ? OK , let 's see what this might do for/to journalists , then . Sony Chairman Michael Lynton  a friend  said this about the film to CNN : "  First of all , we made the movie because it was -- because we thought it was a funny comedy . Secondly , there is a long history of political satire in film . And this clearly falls into that realm . " OK . And Michael -- who had run Penguin Books after the 1980 's Salman Rushdie affair , when Iranian Ayatollahs condemned Rushdie to death for writing "  The Satanic Verses " -- admitted that Sony 's originally pulling "  The Interview " from theaters was a blow to freedom of expression , which is uniquely dear and protected under the U.S. Constitution . OK . And after declaring Pyongyang was in fact behind the massive attack , President Barack Obama weighed in about setting a dangerous precedent : "  We can not have a society in which some dictators someplace can start imposing censorship here in the United States , " Obama said . "  Imagine what they start doing once they see a documentary that they do n't like or news reports that they do n't like . " Absolutely right . And that 's where we journalists come in . Because after all the Sturm und Drang about process , corporate profits , legal liabilities , constitutional rights , letting terrorists set the agenda -- let 's talk a little about content . Let 's in fact spare a thought for our subset diligently working away out there in the United States and around the world . What 's the message ? David Carr , media writer for The New York Times , said this about the film 's content : " ... while I am all for bold creative choices , was it really important that the head being blown up in a comedy about bungling assassins be that of an actual sitting ruler of a sovereign state ? If you want to satirize a lawless leader , there are plenty of ways to skin that cat , as Charlie Chaplin demonstrated with "  The Great Dictator , " which skewered Hitler in everything but name . " Yes , and ... ? What about those bungling assassins . They 're journalists , right ? Or meant to be ? And what message will that send to every whacked-out dictator from another planet , paranoid , control freak thug posing as president ? Not to mention crazy extremist throat-slitting militant terrorists ? I do n't want to spoil the discussion-party about satire , comedy , freedom of expression , etc. , but I can tell you from personal experience the above-mentioned already think we are velvet revolutionaries at best , or CIA agents , military spies ... and yes , would-be assassins ! One of the most appalling acts of "  journo murder " was the killing of legendary Afghan freedom fighter Ahmad Shah Massoud , just days before 9/11 . Imagine , two terrorists posing as journalist and cameraman get The Interview . They are in fact wired-up suicide bombers . No one thought to check them and the rest is history . In Iran , 35 journalists are in jail on specious charges , including Iranian-American Jason Rezaian of the Washington Post . His mother told me the family has heard that a closed "  trial " condemned him on "  espionage-related " charges . It 's nonsense , of course , but this is what journalists have to endure . The Iranian government seems to believe all these people are regime-change agents , through cultural subversion . They are terrified of a so-called Velvet Revolution and Color Revolutions ever since they put down the Green Movement after the disputed 2009 elections . Journalists were swept up in a dragnet , forced to "  confess " on Iranian state TV before being "  tried " and sentenced to the infamous Evin Prison . Check out Jon Stewart 's excellent debut movie , "  Rosewater , " on the case of British-Iranian journalist Maziar Bahari . It 's a sobering saga of the ridiculous , Kafkaesque dark reality of what it takes to be a journalist in Iran and other countries . In Russia , offending journalists -- not to mention anyone who vaguely looks sideways at Putin -- can feel the wrath of the system . Some are arrested , some worse . Anyone remember reporter Anna Politkovskaya , shot point blank in her Moscow apartment building in 2006 ? A staunch critic of the Kremlin and author of "  Putin 's Russia , " she was working on a series of reports about human rights abuses in Chechnya at the time of her death . And by the way , Facebook this week caved in to the Russian government 's demand that a site for opposition politician Alexei Navalny be taken down . He 's under house arrest . Huh ? I did n't hear a peep of "  Sony-rage " about this serious damage to freedom of expression . Terrible year for journalists in the Middle East Over the years , in these and many other countries , the number of journalists killed , injured , arrested and just plain shut up , has soared and continues its horrible upward trajectory . Finally , this year , spare a thought for the victims of the madmen of today 's Middle East : journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff , aid workers Alan Henning and Peter Kassig , were trussed up in Guantanamo colors , and forced to kneel before their throats were slit so wide their heads came off . Before their execution , they were forced to denigrate their families and their flags . They were forced to admit to false charges of spying and plotting . They were forced to give up their very dignity before they were forced to give up their lives . As I say , "  The Interview " might be very funny . I just wish it were n't yet more fodder for the deluded who see all journalists as their mortal enemy . We have n't mentioned what North Korea does to offending journalists . Their own prisoners get labor camps , torture and starvation rations , if they 're not executed . Foreigners get traded for a whole load of publicity and who knows what else . But I bet journalist Lisa Ling is probably pleased her sister 's prison ordeal there began and ended  in 2009  before this film was released . And furthermore I can assure you , our colleagues who have been so brutally killed and imprisoned , this year and every year , were certainly not the "  easily distracted members of the American press who choose gossip " type that "  West Wing " and "  Newsroom " creator Aaron Sorkin railed against in his Sony-rage last week . "  The wishes of the terrorists were fulfilled in part by easily distracted members of the American press who chose gossip and schadenfreude-fueled reporting over a story with immeasurable consequences for the public -- a story that was developing right in front of their eyes , " Sorkin said in a statement . No , the ones we lost this year were brilliant , brave and full of heart , daring to keep doing the dangerous job of bringing you the truth . May they rest in peace . -- P.S. -- RIP also The New Republic , after 100 years of important game-changing journalism . My favorite observation is by now-resigned literary editor Leon Wieseltier : "  We need not be a nation of intellectuals but we must not be a nation of idiots . "	Christiane Amanpour says the fate of real journalists is forgotten in Interview furor In the controversial film , journalists are sent to kill Kim Jong Un Amanpour says many dictators already do n't trust journalists
CNN  -- Chinua Achebe died , aged 82 , almost exactly 23 years to the day a car accident in Nigeria left him paralyzed from the waist down . I wonder what Achebe scholars might make of that . I wonder , too , what Achebe himself might have made of that , in his final moments . I 'm trying to imagine what went through his mind in those moments . Would he have pondered , for one last time , on the inauspicious beginnings of his bestselling novel , "  Things Fall Apart ? "  He once said that Heinemann , the publishers of the debut edition "  printed very , very few . It was a risk ... It went out of print very quickly . " Would he have mused on the fact that "  Things Fall Apart " never appeared in Igbo , the Nigerian language that fed its style , and rhythms , and that its characters spoke ? Would his mind have been crowded by violent images from Nigeria 's civil war of 1967 to 1970 , in which he lost friends , his library , and any illusions he may have had about the unity and inherent goodness of Nigeria ? Or by violent images from the 1990 accident ? Would he have preferred to die in Nigeria , instead of America ? Would he have chuckled at the thought of the Nigerian government unleashing a torrent of tributes -- the same government that suggested in 2004  under another president , it must be said  , in response to his criticism of it , that he did n't deserve the country ? Would he have tried to imagine how his life might have played out had Biafra and the accident not happened ? We will never know . Watch Achebe interview : Africa 's man of letters The war has been written about extensively -- Achebe 's final book was a much-awaited memoir of the war . The accident , on the other hand , is the tragedy that is not much talked about -- perhaps because Nigeria is an accident-factory . The title of Nigerian author Ben Okri 's 1991 Booker-winning novel "  The Famished Road " comes from a Wole Soyinka poem , "  Death in the Dawn , " a 1967 lament for the victim of an accident on a Nigerian road : "  May you never walkÂ / when theÂ road waits , Â famished . " Achebe 's accident happened in Awka , in southeastern Nigeria , not very far from his birthplace . Nigeria 's hospitals could not take care of him , and soon after he had to be moved to a hospital in England , where he was told he would never be able to walk again . In the eight years before the war Achebe published four novels , but after the war it took him 17 years to publish another . After the accident he never walked again . And never had the chance to live in Nigeria again . And never again published a novel . "  I have found that I work best when I am at home in Nigeria , " he told the Paris Review in a 1994 interview . When the magazine asked if he missed Nigeria , he said : "  Yes , very much . " But coming back was not an option : "  One reason why I am quite angry with what is happening in Nigeria today is that everything has collapsed . If I decide to go back now , there will be so many problems -- where will I find the physical therapy and other things that I now require ? " More Achebe : Father of African literature That anger -- triggered by the Biafra civil war , and crystallized by his accident , and the continued failings of Nigeria 's successive governments to bring real change to the country -- defined his relationship with Nigeria . Things were always falling apart between the writer and his country . In 2004 , the government chose to offer him a national honor . Not surprisingly , Achebe rejected it . In response the Government described his decision as "  regrettable . " Seven years later , the government -- this time under a new president -- tried again . Again , Achebe said no , arguing that "  the reasons for rejecting the offer when it was first made have not been addressed let alone solved . It is inappropriate to offer it again to me . " And yet again the government described his action as "  regrettable " and hoped he would "  find time to visit home soon and see the progress being made by the Jonathan Administration for himself . " That same government will now arrogate to itself the position of "  Mourner-in-chief . " Someone ought to let them know that the biggest tribute they can pay to Achebe would be to create the kind of Nigeria he would have been proud to receive a national honor from . And for Nigerians everywhere , the biggest tribute we can pay to Achebe would be to get more familiar with his oeuvre ; read his writing with the passion with which we revere his person . Read also : Achebe was a talent and moralist I must confess I came to his work rather late . Chimamanda Adichie has spoken eloquently of reading Achebe at 10 , and having her life transformed from that moment . I came to Achebe much later -- I did n't encounter "  Things Fall Apart " until I was in my mid-20s . I love his essays and short stories the most -- essays full of wisdom and wit , and without the urge to impress with scholarly intelligence ; stories marked by an expertly wielded lightness of touch , and the most compelling characters you will ever meet . And it occurs to me that the novel I 'd most love to write would be a 21st-century update of Achebe 's final novel , "  Anthills of the Savannah "  1987  . I got an opportunity to see Achebe in person in November 2010 , when he went to speak at Cambridge University , England . It was an opportunity to see for myself the sort of reverence Achebe inspired . "  I think all you need to tell the stories that I have told is to live the life that I have lived and keep your eyes and senses open and working , " he once said . But that was the humble , self-deprecating Achebe , the man who insisted he never taught creative writing because , "  well , I do n't know how it 's done . " What he did took more than just open eyes . It took vision , a certain way of seeing the world . He was a genius , laden with -- to borrow from his own description of Adichie -- "  the gift of ancient storytellers . " May his soul rest in peace . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tolu Ogunlesi .	Chinua Achebe was a genius , laden with ` the gift of ancient storytellers , ' writes Tolu Ogunlesi Achebe twice rejected awards from the Nigerian government Anger triggered by civil war , government failures , defined his relationship with Nigeria , says Ogunlesi Ogunlesi : ` We should ` read his writing with the passion with which we revere his person '
Google 's new driverless-car prototype is downright hugable . The company unveiled its latest self-driving vehicle on Monday , and it looks like a cartoon koala crossed with a smart car wearing a fez . Unlike the mock-up car Google first shared in May , this version is fully functional . It even has real headlights . The round , white and gray car is designed without permanent driving tools like a gas pedal or wheel . However , to comply with California state law , there are still removable , temporary controls for the required "  safety driver " -- a real person who needs to be in the car and ready to take over in an emergency . The goal is to eventually remove any interior controls so that passengers can take a nap or knit while the car does all the work . Google 's self-driving car team will continue to test the vehicle on a private track in California , where it works its way around traffic lights and mock construction zones . Google has said it 's interested in launching a pilot program for the cars in the coming years . When the tech company first started experimenting with self-driving technology , it modified existing cars , like a Toyota , Audi and Lexus , by adding multiple cameras and sensors and an onboard computer . Now Google has moved on to making its own car from scratch . The car 's dome-like shape is optimal for giving sensors the widest field of view . A car could help put people 's minds at ease about the controversial technology . Before self-driving cars can start ferrying us to work , companies need figure out ethical issues  does it hit a deer or crash into the median ?  , improve basic driving functions , and work with governments on legislation to allow driverless cars on all roads . Google is just one of many companies developing driverless car technology . Universities and major auto manufacturers such as BMW and Mercedes are working on similar vehicles . Google hopes to have its version on the road by the end of the decade .	Google debuted its new , fully functioning driverless car prototype The round white car still includes temporary manual controls for a back-up driver While cute , the vehicle still has many serious issues to address before it can hit public roads
CNN  -- Some say it 's funny , some call it creepy . Either way , a new Old Spice commercial dubbed "  Momsong " has the Internet buzzing . The commercial , part of a series called "  Smellcome To Manhood , " promotes a new line of Old Spice body sprays . The sprays , according to the ad , quickly turns teenage boys into men -- something that a group of moms in the commercial apparently are n't ready to come to terms with . One mom is seen hiding behind the door in her son 's bedroom as she sadly sings about her boy quickly becoming a man after using Old Spice . The song is picked up by other moms as they spy on their sons hanging out with girls . The ad rocketed to viral status on Sunday when it was shown at commercial breaks during the NFL playoff games . Within a day , the term "  Old Spice " was tweeted over 50,000 times , according to social analytics company , Topsy , and the video has had more than 1 million views since it was posted a few days ago . Reaction on Twitter was fast and furious . This is n't the first viral commercial for the brand . A series of commercials featuring pitchman Terry Crews won the internet 's heart a few years ago with his pectoral flexes and ear shattering screams . "  Momsong " may be just the beginning for Old Spice 's new campaign . The company 's YouTube page features two other new "  Smellcome to Manhood " commercials in the vein of "  Momsong . " We will just have to wait to see what they have in store for the upcoming Super Bowl , an event known to feature bizarre commercials .	The commercial is part of series to promote Old Spice body sprays The campaign is called "  Smellcome To Manhood " The ad rocketed to viral status Sunday when it was shown during NFL playoff games
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Charlie Sheen advises people to stay away from crack cocaine "  unless you can manage it socially , " which he told a radio interviewer Monday he could . Sheen , who has been undergoing substance abuse rehab treatments at home , said he is currently "  peeing clean , " and the producers of his hit sitcom should take advantage of it while they can . The actor spoke glibly to the syndicated "  The Dan Patrick Show " Monday morning on a variety of subjects , from drug and alcohol use to baseball . "  I healed really quickly , but I also unravel really quickly , so get me right now guys , " Sheen said . "  Get me right now . " During the interview , the actor said "  it 's hard to say " how long he 's been clean , saying he does n't use the term " ` sober ' anymore , I 'm not in AA , I do n't believe in it . " Dr. Drew Pinsky , a California-based addiction specialist , told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell that Sheen 's rationalization of his substance abuse issues are an example of what he called "  stinking thinking . " "  Here he 's had these horrific consequences , and he thinks he 's on the right path , " said Pinsky , who has an MTV reality series on celebrity addiction and will helm his own HLN show starting this spring . "  As a physician , I can tell that this is going to have a very , very unhappy ending . " CBS placed "  Two and a Half Men " on "  production hiatus " after the actor began rehab treatments in the wake of an emergency hospital visit last week . Sheen said in Monday 's interview that he was surprised by what he called a "  forced hiatus . " "  I went back to work and you know , I was banging on the door stage door like , ` Hello ! Where 's everybody ? ' I do n't know what happened , I guess they 're closed , " he said . Shooting is scheduled to resume at the end of February , Sheen 's representative told CNN earlier this month . "  I believe August of 2014 at this pace , I do n't know , " Sheen joked Monday . "  It 's supposed to be like the 28th or the 29th . That 's what it is , it 's the 29th of the nonleap year . " CBS and Warner Bros Television , which produces the show , declined to comment on Sheen 's statements . Sheen issued a written statement just two weeks ago thanking the network executives for their support . "  I have a lot of work to do to be able to return the support I have received from so many people , " Sheen said in a statement . "  Like Errol Flynn , who had to put down his sword on occasion , I just want to say , ` thank you . ' " While Sheen does n't like to use the term "  sober , " he said Monday , "  It 's off and on , you know . " The triggers for his infamous partying "  tends to do with boredom , " he said . "  It 's never been about ` Everybody else is drinking , I should too , ' " he said . "  It 's about what that makes things better , whether that 's real or imagined . " Sheen was "  very , very intoxicated , also apparently in a lot of pain " on the morning of January 27 , according to a 911 call from a doctor who had just talked to the actor . Porn actress Kacey Jordan has told media outlets that a two-day party preceded Sheen 's collapse . Paramedics went to Sheen 's Los Angeles home and then took him by ambulance to a hospital , where he spent several hours . While his representative blamed a hernia for Sheen 's pain , he later announced the actor is undergoing rehab at home .	NEW : Dr. Drew Pinsky predicts a "  very , very unhappy ending " for Sheen Sheen says he 's "  peeing clean " during at-home rehab The actor says sitcom producers should "  Get me right now " Boredom triggers his infamous partying , Sheen says
CNN  -- As the sun set Sunday evening , millions of people in a mammoth chunk of the Central and Eastern United States finally got relief from scorching heat -- though , for many of them , it wo n't last long . Summer has been out in full force for days , baking areas from Missouri to New York to Georgia in life-threatening heat , and unleashing thunderstorms that knocked out power to millions and killed 13 people on Friday and Saturday . Then , three more people died Sunday afternoon after a fresh batch of storms . Between June 24 and Saturday , 1,928 record-high temperatures were broken or tied nationwide , not including new ones expected from Sunday that still are n't in the National Climatic Data Center 's official count . Many cities and towns in the Southeast and Midwest saw temperatures Sunday that topped 100 degrees Fahrenheit , much like they 've experienced in the few days prior , and the Northeast also saw blistering heat . The National Weather Service warned , for instance , that the heat index  or what it actually feels like  near the North Carolina coast could hit 120 degrees . Thunderstorms rolling across some of the roasting locales late Sunday afternoon brought some relief , but also danger as well . The National Weather Service reported that a man in Calico in eastern North Carolina , died around 4:30 p.m. when a shed fell on him as he was trying to store his golf cart . A few minutes later and about 15 miles east in Gilead , strong storm-related winds knocked over a tree that fell on a couple in a golf cart , killing them both . These deaths were tied to a batch of storms that affected not only North Carolina , but also South Carolina and Georgia . Another band moved east from the Chicago area through Ohio , at one point prompting a tornado warning . Tamara McBride , an Ohio Emergency Management Agency spokeswoman , said the latest storms downed trees and power lines to produce yet more outages . Yet as of Sunday night , there were no reports of new fatalities . The forecast in that state , like in many others through the Midwest , Southeast and Mid-Atlantic region , calls for slightly cooling Monday , compared to over the weekend . Yet temperature drops are all relative : It will be cooler , for instance , for residents of Louisville , Kentucky , but they can still expect a high of 99 , and a heat index of 103 , on Monday . In Columbus , Ohio , the thermometer is forecast to rise as high as 96 , though it should feel even warmer . Many other locales should be even more sweltering , with highs Monday forecast yet again to be around or above 100 degrees from Missouri to South Carolina . The lack of any significant let up in the blistering conditions is a concern , authorities say , because the effects of heat can be cumulative -- so the longer you experience it , the more likely you are to experience conditions such as heat stroke , dehydration and the like . "  Current indications are that this heat wave may continue for much of the upcoming work week , " the weather service 's St. Louis bureau warned . "  Do not wait until the heat wave has lasted for several days , take action today to protect your health and continue to do so . " Hundreds of thousands of people in Indiana through Maryland are still dealing with this heat without the benefits of electricity , due to a derecho -- or massive storm usually with straight-line wind damage -- that barreled eastward late Friday and into Saturday and was fueled , in part , by the extreme heat . The destruction prompted state of emergency declarations by governors of Maryland , Ohio , West Virginia and Virginia . Deaths tied to those storms were reported from Ohio to New Jersey , all of them linked to downed trees except for the electrocution of a man in Washington . Will 2012 be the hottest summer on record ? Virginia had the highest death toll , at seven , with the state Department of Emergency Management noting the deaths were spread across four different counties . And in New Jersey , 2-year-old and 7-year-old cousins died after a fallen tree crashed on the tent they were huddling inside in Parvin State Park , state Department of Environmental Protection spokesman Larry Ragonese said . While down from a peak of about 4 million from right after the storms hit , the number of storm-related outages was still dangerously high given that people were trying to get by without working air conditioning or ice . Record heat , storms bring despair , ` horror ' One of the most affected utilities was APE Ohio , which had around 425,000 customers out of power as of 10 p.m. Sunday . Widespread outages were reported further east as well , including over 310,000 Dominion customers in Virginia plus more than 490,000 outages in Maryland for customers of BGE and Pepco . "  It 's the combination of heat and power outages that are hitting people , " McBride from Ohio 's emergency management agency said , predicting some may not get electricity until "  well into the week . " "  As the days continue with food and without power , we will just have to mobilize resources . " One such initiative , ordered by Ohio Gov. John Kasich , is to have National Guard troops check on and help the state 's most vulnerable , primarily the elderly and the ill . Cities throughout the affected regions offered water at certain sites and opened cooling shelters , including 35 in Virginia alone , to help people stay cool . Photos : Storm damage in Washington , D.C. Emergency rooms in Prince George 's County , Maryland , filled up over the weekend by people looking to escape the heat , said Fran Phillips , deputy secretary for the state 's Department of Health and Mental Hygiene . She noted that libraries and community centers across the state would stay open late to act as cooling centers . "  This is not a one-day situation ; it is a multiday challenge , " said Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell , who called it the largest power outage unrelated to a hurricane in his state 's history . Instagram down in mass power outage CNN 's Josh Levs , Greg Botelho and Maggie Schneider contributed to this report .	NEW : 3 people are killed in North Carolina because of a fresh batch of thunderstorms NEW : Hundreds of thousands remain without power due to past storm-related damage 13 people died due to those earlier storms , which were fueled in part by extreme heat High temperatures should remain in the 90s and 100s in many locales Monday
CNN  -- A Washington woman who admitted to throwing a corrosive liquid on her own face pleaded not guilty Wednesday to three counts of theft . Bethany Storro appeared at her arraignment in a Clark County court with a red , scarred face and her hair pulled back in a bun . Prosecutors said she made up a story that she was attacked on August 30 by an African-American woman , after which a California resident sent her money , and two businesses held fundraisers to contribute to her treatment . The theft counts stem from those donations . In Washington state , theft against a person acting as a good Samaritan is considered an aggravating circumstance . Two-and-a-half weeks after the incident , police announced the 28-year-old grocery store employee admitted doing the damage herself . They say Storro bought drain cleaner at a hardware store and applied it to her face with a towel in a park restroom . Michael Kite , a California resident , sent Storro $ 1,000 via a PayPal account . Anytime Fitness , a gym Storro belonged to , and a Safeway store , where Storro worked , both held fundraisers . Storro has spent about $ 1,500 of the nearly $ 28,000 donated to her , CNN affiliate KING reported , citing court documents . She bought a train ticket for her sister , went on a shopping spree at Target and took her parents out to dinner , KING said . Det. Wallis Stefan , the lead investigator in the case , said his initial interviews with Storro uncovered a number of inconsistencies -- including that the chemical burns on her face appeared to have been applied and not splashed . Further , he wrote , Stefan found no evidence in or around Storro 's vehicle of an acid attack , and photographs of Storro 's face did not match photos of other recorded acid attacks . Storro came clean , he said , when detectives arrived at her home on September 16 to serve a search warrant . Storro admitted buying drain cleaner at a hardware store and applying it to her face with a towel in a park restroom . "  Storro told me the reason she applied the caustic substance was to first , kill herself , " Stefan wrote . "  Secondly , she stated , if that proved not to be fatal , then she could get her face redone . " Storro told him she "  thought there would be no evidence of me doing it to myself " and that police "  would give up on trying to find the person and it would be done . " Stefan said Storro acknowledged her Miranda rights and waived them before giving him a 90-minute statement .	Bethany Storro faces three counts of theft She claimed a woman threw acid in her face Storro later confessed to doing the damage herself
CNN  -- We 're just going to put it out there : Behind closed doors , whites talk differently about blacks . At least that 's what two sociologists found after conducting a study of college students across the country . One of the researchers , Joe Feagin , said that 's why it comes as no surprise to him that a powerful politician such as Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid would talk about Barack Obama 's skin color and use the term "  Negro dialect " in what he considered a private conversation . Speaking not of Reid but of his conclusions drawn from his research , Feagin said , "  Most whites have sharply reduced the blatantly racist stuff they do in public , while they still do huge amounts in private . " "  It 's just social correctness in the front stage . The scale of this is gigantic on the backstage , which is why the notion of a post-racial America is laughable , " said Feagin , a professor at Texas A&M University . "  And I think most whites know it because they 've been to Thanksgiving dinner with Uncle Jim and have heard the n-word jokes . " Feagin and Leslie Picca of the University of Dayton compiled their research in a book called "  Two-Faced Racism " published in 2007 . They surveyed 626 white students at 28 colleges and universities across the country . They asked the students to keep diaries and record any racial events they came across during the course of a day . The students recorded 9,000 accounts , of which 7,500 were "  blatantly racist " events ranging from private jokes and conversations to violent incidents , Feagin said . About 100 accounts stood up against racism , he said . The majority of racial events were directed at African-Americans , but Latinos and Asians also came under attack . Feagin and Picca also surveyed African-American students , but that research is still being compiled . "  In these 7,500 blatant accounts , most of them are accounts of what we call backstage racism -- that is they 're doing these performances and skits with friends and relatives , " Feagin said . Does it surprise him that someone with such political clout as Reid would use a term such as "  Negro dialect " ? "  No , " Feagin said , "  not after looking at our student diaries . " He said Reid "  felt safe making " the comment about Obama because he was in a private setting . "  It 's a great teaching moment , " Feagin said . "  It shows the difference between the front stage and the backstage . He thought he was saying that in the backstage , and now it 's been brought out in the public for all to see and discuss . " The controversy is centered on remarks published in the book "  Game Change " by Mark Halperin and John Heilemann . The book cites Reid as saying privately in 2008 that Obama could succeed as a black candidate partly because of his "  light-skinned " appearance and speaking patterns "  with no Negro dialect , unless he wanted to have one . " Reid , D-Nevada , apologized to the president after excerpts from the book were released , and Obama said he considered the issue closed . Your take : iReporters sound off on the issue "  This is a good man who 's always been on the right side of history , " Obama said Monday in a sit-down interview with CNN political contributor Roland Martin . "  For him to have used some inartful language in trying to praise me , and for people to try to make hay out of that , makes absolutely no sense . " Reid has received the support of the Congressional Black Caucus . On Monday , he said numerous prominent African-American officials , including NAACP Chairman Julian Bond and Attorney General Eric Holder , called to offer their support . Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , head of the GOP 's Senate campaign arm , has called for Reid to give up his leadership post after the "  embarrassing and racially insensitive " remarks . Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele also called for Reid to step down . Duke University political science professor Kerry Haynie said he does n't dispute that attitudes toward race may be viewed differently in private than in public . But he said he does n't feel that came into play with Reid 's remarks . "  Many of us who work in areas of race and politics asked these same kinds of questions , about whether Obama is different for whites than other black politicians , " Haynie said . "  I do n't think Sen. Reid was expressing sentiments he would not have expressed publicly . " Boyce Watkins , an associate professor at Syracuse University , said the country should n't let this moment pass . "  The takeaway is that there is a teachable moment , but we ca n't allow politicians to do all the teaching , " Watkins told CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  If you watched President Obama 's interview with Roland Martin , the conversation tends to be let 's sweep this under the rug and throw the baby out with the bath water and move on . "  But the truth is that they are trying to get health care passed , and that 's good , I respect that , but I want to have the conversation on race . " Added Dawn Turner Trice , a columnist and blogger with the Chicago Tribune : "  For me , it 's that we have to continue to talk about this . We ca n't only talk about it when we have these national flare-ups . This takes time and nuanced conversations . ... "  The country is changing . In a couple decades , we will have a country with a very different racial makeup . And we will have to have these conversations , and it 's to our peril if we do n't . " Feagin , the sociologist , said he agrees . He said Democrats and Obama should come forward to talk openly about the national climate on race . "  We ca n't keep ducking this racism stuff , " he said . CNN 's Matt Cherry contributed to this report .	Sociologists find whites talk differently about African-Americans in private "  The scale of this is gigantic , " says Joe Feagin of Texas A&M University Feagin : Senate Majority Harry Reid 's comments not surprising , hopes nation will learn from it Syracuse University associate prof says politicians should n't "  sweep this under the rug "
Mashable  -- Facebook , which is one of the world 's largest photo-sharing sites  in addition to being the leader among social networks  , is rolling out some marked improvements to its Photos product . These upgrades include hi-res photos , photo-download links , bulk tagging options and an elegant lightbox interface for viewing images from anywhere on the site . The lightbox in particular reminds us of similar features recently rolled out by Flickr ; and some of these improvements , such as hi-res and downloading capabilities , are what have prevented Facebook from serious competition with Flickr as a photo-sharing destination . In the recent past , Facebook photos were best for capturing memories of places , people and events through small images and mobile snapshots ; however , these changes allow a whole new class of image-sharing , up to and including photography , modeling and graphic design portfolios . With its 500 million users around the world , Facebook is now poised to take over the photo-sharing market . Beginning today and rolling out to all users soon , you will be able to upload and download hi-res photos up to 2048 pixels wide or high -- that 's large enough for print-quality images .  Currently , Facebook only displays 720 pixels ; larger photos simply get resized .  Each photo will come with a link to download the JPEG file , as well . Follow Mashable social media on Twitter The site 's new bulk tagging options will allow the uploading individual to temporarily group images and tag friends by simply clicking on thumbnails . Another interesting change is Facebook 's lightbox UI , which strongly and clearly puts the focus on images . Starting soon , any time you click on an image anywhere on Facebook , be it in an album or in your News Feed or on a friend 's Wall , you 'll see a black box hovering over the rest of the screen with some minimal navigation controls and relevant social features , allowing you to concentrate completely on the image at hand . While we do n't love the ads in place here , we do realize that hosting hi-res photos costs a lot more and will attract a lot more usage -- both from uploading parties and from viewing individuals -- all of which puts more strain on Facebook 's servers . We 'll sacrifice an ad-free experience for higher quality photos . What do you think about these changes ? Do you think Facebook -- which already competes with Twitter as a status service , Google as an advertiser , and every major social network as a digital hub for friends -- will soon be competing with Flickr for the photos of pros and amateurs alike ? © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook is one of the world 's largest photo-sharing sites Upgrades include hi-res photos , photo-download links , bulk tagging options User can now upload and download hi-res photos up to 2048 pixels wide or high Another change is Facebook 's lightbox UI , which puts the focus on images
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Mandy Moore is getting a license to wed rocker Ryan Adams . Mandy Moore has been with Ryan Adams for about a year . Moore 's publicist confirmed Thursday the 24-year-old singer-actress is engaged to marry Adams , 34 , who is known for producing rock music with a country influence . Spokeswoman Tracy Bufferd gave no details about wedding plans . Rumors first surfaced almost a year ago that Moore and Adams were dating as paparazzi photos surfaced of the couple out together in Los Angeles . Moore 's role as a bride in the 2007 movie "  License to Wed " may help her as she moves toward the altar . The romantic comedy featured Robin Williams as "  Reverend Frank , " who put Moore 's character and her fiance through a "  marriage preparation course " before they could get hitched in his church . Her first success as a recording artist came in 1999 with her debut album , "  So Real , " which went platinum with the help of her top 10 single "  Candy . "	Singer-actress Mandy Moore engaged to rocker Ryan Adams Moore has had top 10 music success , better known for movie roles Adams a prolific singer-songwriter as soloist and with Whiskeytown , Cardinals
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Officials on Monday announced the death of a second child who consumed contaminated milk powder . More than 1,200 others have been sickened , according to China 's Health Ministry . Of that number , 340 infants are hospitalized and 53 are considered to be in serious condition . Government inspectors are testing baby formula around China and plan to release their results on Tuesday , said Li Changjiang , head of the State Administration of Quality Supervision , Inspection and Quarantine , according to the Xinhua news agency . The manufacturer , Sanlu Group , has recalled more than 8,200 tons of the tainted formula following reports of babies developing kidney stones , Xinhua said . Watch what Sanlu has done " Sanlu , one of China 's leading dairy producers , has also sealed off more than 2,100 tons of contaminated product , and another 700 tons still need to be recalled , the news agency said . It is not the first time Sanlu has been connected to a scandal involving tainted milk powder , according to China Daily . In 2004 , at least 13 infants in the eastern Anhui province died of malnutrition after drinking milk powder that had little to no nutrition . The illegally manufactured milk was falsely labeled with the Sanlu brand , according to the paper . More than 170 other babies were hospitalized as a result of drinking the cheap milk powder . Chinese police have questioned 78 people -- including dairy farmers and milk dealers -- about the most recent contamination , a Chinese official told Xinhua Saturday . Sanlu would not say whether its employees are being investigated , Xinhua said . Testing by Sanlu found tripolycyanamide , also known as melamine , in 700 tons of its product , said Zhao Xinchao , the vice mayor of Shijiazhuang , the news agency reported . Zhao told the news agency that the suspects added water to the milk they sold to Sanlu to make more money , then added the chemical so the diluted milk could still meet standards . Inspectors found the chemical in Sanlu infant formula produced by one of the company 's partner producers in northwest Gansu Province , an official said Sunday . Two of 12 samples randomly selected from the Sanlu milk powder produced by the Haoniu Dairy Company in Jiuquan City tested positive for melamine , said Xian Hui , the vice-governor of Gansu . Health experts say ingesting melamine can lead to kidney stones , urinary tract ulcers , and eye and skin irritation . The chemical is commonly used in coatings and laminates , wood adhesives , fabric coatings , ceiling tiles and flame retardants . Hundreds of Wal-Mart and Carrefour stores in China are pulling the Sanlu milk powder from their shelves , Xinhua said . This episode marks the latest in a string of tainted products produced in China . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration recalled more than 150 brands of cat and dog food last year after finding that some pets became ill or died after eating food tainted with melamine , the same chemical found in the powdered milk . Two Chinese businesses , a U.S. company and top executives of each were indicted by a federal grand jury in February in connection with tainted pet food , which resulted in deaths and serious illnesses in up to thousands of U.S. pets , federal prosecutors said . In October 2007 , regulators and retailers in the United States recalled at least 69,000 Chinese-made toys over concerns of excessive amounts of lead paint , which can cause hazardous lead poisoning . In November , shipments of the popular toy Aqua Dots were found to have been contaminated with a toxic chemical that turned into a powerful "  date rape " drug if swallowed , causing some children who ate the craft toys to vomit and lose consciousness . And in February , a Maryland candy distributor pulled Pokemon-brand Valentine lollipops from store shelves after bits of metal were found in the sealed treats , authorities said . Officials on Monday announced the death of a second child who consumed contaminated milk powder . Of the more than 1,200 others who have been sickened , 340 infants were hospitalized , and 53 considered to be in serious condition , according to China 's Health Ministry . Government inspectors were testing baby formula around China and plan to release their results on Tuesday , said Li Changjiang , head of the State Administration of Quality Supervision , Inspection and Quarantine , according to the Xinhua news agency . The manufacturer , Sanlu Group , has recalled more than 8,200 tons of the tainted formula following reports of babies developing kidney stones , Xinhua said . Sanlu , one of China 's leading dairy producers , also has sealed off more than 2,100 tons of contaminated product , and another 700 tons still need to be recalled , the news agency said . Chinese police have questioned 78 people , including dairy farmers and milk dealers , about the contamination , a Chinese official told Xinhua Saturday . Sanlu would not say whether its employees were being investigated , Xinhua said . Testing by Sanlu found tripolycyanamide , also known as melamine , in 700 tons of its product , said Zhao Xinchao , the vice mayor of Shijiazhuang , the news agency reported . Zhao told the news agency that the suspects added water to the milk they sold to Sanlu to make more money , then added the chemical so that the diluted milk could still meet standards . Inspectors found the chemical in Sanlu infant formula produced by one of the company 's partner producers in northwest Gansu Province , an official said Sunday . Two of 12 samples randomly selected from the Sanlu milk powder produced by the Haoniu Dairy Company in Jiuquan City tested positive for melamine , said Xian Hui , the vice-governor of Gansu . Ingesting melamine can lead to kidney stones , urinary tract ulcers , and eye and skin irritation , health experts said . The chemical is commonly used in coatings and laminates , wood adhesives , fabric coatings , ceiling tiles and flame retardants . The chemical was also involved in the massive pet food recall last year . Hundreds of Wal-Mart and Carrefour stores in were pulling the Sanlu milk powder from their shelves , Xinhua said .	Government inspectors plan to release test results Tuesday ; 2nd death announced Sanlu is one of China 's leading dairy producers Melamine found in 700 tons of Sanlu 's product , Xinhua cites mayor as saying Ingesting melamine can lead to kidney stones , eye and skin irritation
Editor 's note : CNN 's Ed Henry traveled with Barack Obama to Europe on the his first overseas trip as president . President Obama speaks during a news conference after the G-20 summit in London , England , on April 2 . ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- One of the most revealing moments of President Obama 's European tour came early in the trip at the close of the G-20 summit in London , England , where expectations were sky high for the new guy . He had just scored some victories on the financial crisis , while also taking some lumps . And now he had to face the media . Pushed by a reporter on why he could n't get more done , the president was ready with a comeback about how it was far easier for American and British leaders to get their way at summits in years gone by . "  Well , if there 's just Roosevelt and Churchill sitting in a room with a brandy , that 's a -- that 's an easier negotiation , " the president said to laughter from reporters . "  But that 's not the world we live in , and it should n't be the world that we live in . " In two simple sentences , the president accomplished a lot . In the first sentence , he made a fair point about how no U.S. president -- Barack Obama or George W. Bush -- can simply wave a magic wand and get the world to follow his lead . And in the second , with the line about how "  it should n't be the world that we live in , " he was trying to send a signal to Europe that he 's not planning to bully them . Again and again , Obama said he was here to listen and learn -- not to lecture colleagues such as French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel . Left unsaid , since it was plain enough to see , was what Obama was really saying : I 'm not President Bush . That was clearly Obama 's biggest accomplishment on this trip . He was able to effectively press that reset button administration officials have been talking about in order to make the case that traditional U.S. allies should come back into the fold , and it seemed to work . I remember sitting in the front row during a news conference at a palace in France to hear Sarkozy positively gush , "  And it feels really good to be able to work with a U.S. president who wants to change the world and who understands that the world does not boil down to simply American frontiers and borders . And that is a hell of a good piece of news for 2009 . " Those are the style points where Obama clearly scored , and not just with European leaders . A new CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll found that 79 percent of Americans surveyed feel that Obama has had a "  more positive " effect on how people in other countries view the U.S. Only 19 percent of those surveyed thought he 's had a "  more negative " effect . The much tougher question is on substance , and whether Obama was able to capitalize on those warm feelings to accomplish what he set out to do before this trip . On that he basically has an incomplete because the early record here in Europe has been mixed . At the London summit , the president pushed for big money to be pumped into the world economy , and the leaders responded with $ 1.1 trillion . But that money is being directed to the International Monetary Fund to help developing countries , not pumped into the large economies to stimulate growth as U.S. officials had hoped . And Obama was also able to help prevent Sarkozy and others from getting a global supercop to oversee markets across all borders , a bit of a victory in his effort to make sure new regulations do not go too far . Perhaps the biggest victory came on the sidelines of the G-20 and had nothing to do with the financial crisis . Obama had his first face-to-face with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , and they seemed to thaw those recently icy relations . Most important , is the two men agreed to begin intense negotiations to drastically reduce each side 's nuclear stockpiles . This could be a dramatic step forward for world peace , so pay close attention to this development . But a cautionary note : There 's a lot of heavy lifting left before this becomes a reality , and we may not know until Obama 's visit to Moscow in July whether or not this deal has legs . At the NATO summit in France and Germany , the president was hoping to get a boost in resources for the war in Afghanistan . He did get allies to cough up about 5,000 troops , but in the form of police and security trainers -- not combat troops . So with Obama already committing 21,000 more U.S. troops to the mission , this is a very U.S.-heavy effort , something to keep a close eye on in the days ahead . In Prague , Czech Republic , at the European Union summit , Obama delivered a speech about nuclear nonproliferation to more than 20,000 people -- a boisterous crowd reminiscent of the campaign . He even used the old line "  yes we can " to answer critics who think he ca n't follow through on ridding the world of nuclear weapons . But the most important moment of that stop in the tour came a few hours before the speech . It was when the infamous 3 a.m. phone call that Hillary Clinton talked about in the campaign finally arrived . Except it came at 4:30 a.m. , when spokesman Robert Gibbs woke the president with the news that North Korea had tested a missile . He basically passed the test of his first international crisis  with -- ahem -- Secretary of State Clinton at his side , no less  , although so far the administration has gotten nowhere at the United Nations despite a clear case against North Korea . Welcome to the U.N. , sir . And finally , in Turkey the president officially began his outreach to try and repair the U.S. image in the Muslim world . Most interesting is that he got personal , alluding to the fact that he grew up in Indonesia and his father was Muslim -- politically risky given that last year he spent so much time having to deny false rumors that he 's Muslim . "  The United States has been enriched by Muslim-Americans , " Obama said . "  Many other Americans have Muslims in their family , or have lived in a Muslim-majority country -- I know , because I am one of them . " The speech was very well-received in this Muslim-majority nation . But it will take far more than one speech to fix tensions flared by everything from the war to Iraq to the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay . In all , that 's a hefty agenda to confront in just eight days abroad . It 's no surprise then that I 've noticed the president has been looking very tired on this trip . One aide told me that Obama was planning to go out for a nice unofficial dinner with first lady Michelle Obama in Prague on Saturday night but it was canceled because they simply needed some sleep . The fatigue has been complicated by the fact that Obama has been battling a nasty cold , telling aides he feels like he 's got an "  acorn up my nose " -- an interesting turn of phrase I had never heard before but seems to mean the president is stuffed up . And that brings me back to that brandy Roosevelt and Churchill shared decades ago . Obama made a legitimate claim about the difficulty of calling the shots in the current global environment , where small and mid-sized countries hold more sway than before . But right now all I can focus on is the brandy itself . After eight long days on the road , and very little sleep , I 'm pretty ragged , too . That sounds like a pretty good way to cap things off .	Obama : World 's fate no longer decided by Roosevelt and Churchill sitting over brandy Europeans respond favorably to president 's message that it 's a new era Obama meets Russian President Dmitry Medvedev ; relations start to thaw Lots of heavy lifting to be done to make lofty goals reality , CNN 's Ed Henry cautions
CNN  -- Something did n't look right . David Henneberry had been cooped up for hours , stuck inside as police searched for a suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings . He ventured out for some fresh air after police lifted their order to stay indoors . He looked at the boat parked in his yard . What he saw brought an end to the authorities ' sweeping manhunt . It would lead them to a fugitive , who was hiding on the floor of his boat . "  The tarp on his winterized boat had sort of been flapping in the wind , " his stepson Robert Duffy told CNN 's Piers Morgan . ' A million questions ' for suspect Henneberry had tied down the covering on the vessel in his backyard so firmly that it had not budged all winter long , not even through this year 's blizzards . "  He got closer and realized that one of the retention straps had literally been cut -- not chafed , not broken or unhooked , " Duffy said . Henneberry saw something else -- something on the tarp that looked like blood . The Watertown resident thought some animal had forced its way into his boat . Maybe it was a squirrel , he told his stepson . Henneberry climbed a stepladder to look inside . "  He basically stuck his head under the tarp  and  noticed a pool of blood , " Duffy said . WATCH : 5 days in 3 minutes ` Crumpled up in a ball ' It was dark under the tarpaulin , so the boat owner could only make out vague contours , "  but he definitely noticed there was something crumpled up in a ball , " the stepson said . A pool of blood ; a manhunt in Watertown ; time to call 911 . Squad cars with lights flashing raced in and lined the streets . Officers fanned out around the house . Police whisked the Henneberrys so hastily from harm 's way and into a neighbor 's house that the couple left their cell phones behind at home . Brothers hoped to start new life in U.S. Frantic phone calls Duffy said he tried frantically to call his mother and stepfather as he watched on TV while law officers unleashed a hailstorm of gunfire into the backyard . "  We only saw the bullets ; we only heard that there was a man covered in blood in the boat . " His stepfather , Duffy thought . He kept dialing . As Boston reeled , younger suspect partied The couple 's landline gave him a constant busy signal . "  It was absolutely horrifying for approximately 40 minutes , " Duffy said . He drove over to a relative 's house to see if the phone lines worked better from there . As soon as he arrived , his sister called him . "  Mom 's called , they 're safe , " she comforted him . "  At that point , my tears of horror went to tears of joy , " Duffy said . WATCH : Final moments of standoff An end to the hunt Henneberry 's call to police put an end to the hunt for the man suspected of planting one of two bombs that exploded near the finish line of the Boston Marathon , killing three and inflicting injuries on dozens more that are typical of wounds sustained in conflict regions such as Afghanistan and Iraq . Before police stopped him , Dzhokar Tsarnaev , with his older brother , Tamerlan , allegedly shot a university policeman dead , hijacked a car at gunpoint , then fired upon and threw grenades at officers pursuing them . Police shot and killed the brother , but Dzhokar Tsarnaev eluded them all day Friday -- until Henneberry 's 911 call . Before opening fire , authorities , using a bullhorn , called on the younger Tsarnaev to surrender . A standoff followed . When it finally ended and police approached the boat , they were aware of the danger the armed man posed . Unlike Henneberry , they used a robot to pull back the tarp over the boat . Relief in Boston ; grief still remains	Suspect Dzhokar Tsarnaev hides in a covered boat in a Watertown backyard Boat owner David Henneberry notices a section of loose tarp One of the bindings has been cut Henneberry sees a pool of blood in the boat and calls 911
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Comic book fans have been waiting for years for a film to be made of "  Watchmen , " the famed graphic novel about a group of misfit crimefighters battling a plot to eliminate their members while the world awaits nuclear war . Malin Akerman , who plays the second Silk Spectre , says "  Watchmen " will make fans proud . Now that the film is complete and set for release Friday , the cast of the adaptation is confident the movie will meet fans ' high expectations . "  We 've heard a few comments from diehard fans where they 're just saying , ` Wow , we 're really impressed , ' " said Malin Akerman , who plays Laurie Jupiter/Silk Spectre II in the movie . Praising director Zack Snyder , whose resume includes the highly successful "  300 " and "  Dawn of the Dead , " Akerman said the film will make fans proud . "  This is just sort of a huge feat for Zack to take on . But him being a true fan , he came in with the mind of these fanboys and really kept that in mind and I think that he did a great job , " she said . "  Watchmen " had a long road to the screen . The original comic book series by Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons came out in 1986 and 1987 and was compiled into a book . Since then it has been considered both brilliant -- it made Time magazine 's list of the 20th century 's greatest novels -- and unfilmable . Watch "  Watchmen " stars talk about the film at its premiere " Rights passed from studio to studio , with any number of directors attached  including Terry Gilliam and Paul Greengrass  , before ending up with Warner Bros.  like CNN , a division of Time Warner  and Snyder . A longtime fan himself , Snyder said he was determined to remain true to the book . "  Zack respected the source material so much that he knew the only way to adapt it was to hew as close to the source material as possible , " said Snyder 's wife and producing partner , Deborah Snyder . EW : A "  Watchmen " primer Jackie Earle Haley , who stars in the film as Rorschach , said Snyder 's passion for the film will lead to its success among dedicated fans . "  I think the film does to the comic book film genre what -LSB- ` Watchmen ' -RSB- the comic book does to the comic book genre , " Haley said . "  I think Zack captured it ... and it 's just an in-your-face , kick-butt comic book film , but it 's got that extra depth , it 's a little smarter . " Fans of the comic book have been scrutinizing the film "  every step of the way , " said Jeffrey Dean Morgan . But , he added , "  It 's going to blow people away even with these high frigging expectations that everybody has . " Indeed , there have been any number of challenges . The comic book is set in an alternative 1985 in which the United States and Soviet Union are on the verge of nuclear war , so there were period details to attend to . There are some superhero accessories , such as a flying machine nicknamed Archie , as well as the character Dr. Manhattan , a blue , extremely powerful and often naked Superman type . Carla Gugino lost herself in the part of Sally Jupiter , an early female crimefighter who is the mother of Akerman 's character . That immersion -- which included age makeup for scenes in which Sally is in her 60s -- made the film easier to watch , she said . "  I look at it and do n't feel like I 'm watching myself , which then liberates you , because I am my own worst , harshest critic , " she said . "  There was something about watching Sally older and I was like , ` Oh , that seems like a different woman ... ' and I can sort of see her for what she is . " iReport.com : Are you excited for "  Watchmen " ? Billy Crudup , who plays Dr. Manhattan , said seeing himself transformed with the effects of computer-generated imaging was astonishing . "  I was totally flabbergasted by the level of detail and sophistication that went into making Dr. Manhattan real , " he said . In some cases , the actors were as excited as they expect fans to be . Morgan enjoyed delving deep into the character of Edward Blake , or The Comedian , and said the role allowed him to live his childhood dream . "  We got to play superheroes . We got to do something that I used to do when I was 12 years old , " he said . "  This is always the guy that I wanted to be when I was 12 and I get to do it at 40 years old . " CNN.com 's Elham Khatami contributed to this article .	"  Watchmen " film has been anticipated since comic books in mid - '80s Film to be released Friday ; stars are proud of finished product Actor Jeffrey Dean Morgan : "  We got to play superheroes "
Limpopo , South Africa  CNN  -- It 's a tee shot so daunting even Tiger Woods might go weak at the knees . Not only is the extreme 19th hole at Legend Golf Resort in north South Africa 430 meters from tee to pin , it also 430 meters in height . Standing on top of a mountain only accessible by helicopter , the aim is to smash your ball onto the sloping green below which is shaped like the continent of Africa . Once you 've hit your shot , 20 seconds of hang time awaits before you see if your drive has made it -- but fear not , if it is off target , a team of helpers with walky-talkies will locate your ball . Even then you might need to take a drop , if it lands anywhere near the many lions , elephants , buffalo , leopards or rhinos meandering through the bush . This hole is the crowning glory of the Legend signature course , a location that features 18 holes each designed by a different star of the game , including major winners Padraig Harrington , Retief Goosen and Trevor Immelman . "  It 's very difficult to explain to people the drama of playing the world 's highest and longest par three , " Pete Richardson , head of PR and marketing at Legend , told CNN . "  You drive into a big-five game reserve to be picked up by a helicopter . You then fly to the top of the mountain , take a deep breath , look over the edge and see the green in the shape of Africa 400 meters below you . " -LSB- At the top -RSB- you often see giraffe , rhino and hippo , and it 's just very difficult to get your mind around it . You are in the middle of wild Africa , getting off a helicopter to hit a tee shot ! " Legend opened in 2009 , and its unique 19-hole course has helped generate prosperity for an area that also benefited from the influx of tourists who flocked to South Africa for the 2010 World Cup . With over 600 local jobs created , according to Joe Motene from the Limpopo Department of Economic Development , the key priority for the development was for it to be built in a way that remained sensitive to the resident wildlife . "  The area has enhanced the natural environment and driven economic prosperity to an area which was previously mainly farm land with few long term sustainable employment and development opportunities , " he told CNN . Richardson says the aim of the Legend resort was to create something unique and that the professional golfers he worked with all took to the idea . For those who believe in the old adage that golf is the perfect way to spoil a good walk , there are endless areas to explore on safari as John Dixon , public relations manager for the Legend group , and former park ranger , explains . "  The space , the vistas , the scenery alone , mixed up with getting up close to the big five game is something that is beyond words really , " he told CNN . "  The big five , as we all know , are the iconic species that everyone comes to see , but there 's a lot of general game species in terms of zebras , wildebeest , impala , giraffe , hippos , crocodiles , and a healthy populations of reptiles . "  You can never get bored of this , every time you go out it changes . There 's always something new and exciting happening . You 'll see something new in the mountains , you 'll see something new from the animals , there 's always a fresh experience waiting for you when you go out , whether it 's a morning safari , an evening safari or a walk in the bush . "	CNN World Sport visits the most extreme hole in golf at Legend resort in South Africa To reach the extreme 19th you need to take a helicopter 430 meters up a mountain The resort 's signature course features 18 holes each designed by a top golfer Resort also offers safari with lions , leopards , elephants , rhinos and buffalo on site
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Closing arguments are set for Wednesday in the trial of Mexican soap opera actress Fernanda Romero on federal charges that her marriage was an illegal sham intended only to earn her a U.S. work permit . On Tuesday , Romero tearfully testified that she really loved Kent Ross , the pizza deliveryman she married five years ago . Their marriage was real , but it soon fell apart because of his drinking and her focus on a modeling and acting career , Romero told jurors . Romero is accused of paying Ross $ 5,000 to marry her on June 12 , 2005 , but the prosecutor alleged they never lived together as a couple . U.S. District Judge Manuel Real blocked defense lawyers from using evidence they said would show Romero was set up and turned in by a vengeful photographer angry that she rebuffed his romantic advances . The job of convincing jurors the marriage was real fell on Romero , a 28-year-old actress-singer-model who starred in Telemundo 's "  Wounded Soul " soap opera . The prosecutor suggested Romero was using her professional acting skills to sell her own fiction . Romero testified she married for love , not a green card . "  To be in a loving relationship , forever and ever , like my parents , " she testified . The couple did n't have a family wedding because he is Mormon and she is Catholic , she said . They kept separate Hollywood apartments because he could n't break a lease and she traveled a lot , she said . The first months were "  very loving , fun , " she said . "  We socialized together , passionate . It was the honeymoon stage . " Romero and Ross separated after less than a year together because "  he was coming on very late and drunk , " she said . "  We started to fight a lot , sweat a lot , throw things . It was not healthy . " The villain in Romero 's script would be Markus Klinko , a celebrity photographer she met at a Hollywood casting call about the same time her marriage was "  on the rocks , " she said . Klinko , a 49-year-old Swiss native , is the star of his own reality TV show -- Bravo 's "  Double Exposure . " Romero said the relationship initially was "  professional and creative , " but she eventually engaged in a "  short affair " with Klinko as he helped with her modeling career . "  I felt very pressured and I was vulnerable , " Romero said as she cried . "  It was the biggest mistake I 've done in my life . " Her friendship with Klinko turned into a nightmare when she decided to end the affair , she said . "  Mr. Klinko wanted more and more and he knew I was n't able to give it to him , " she said . Klinko threatened to turn her in to immigration officials , she said . "  He was losing it , he was very psycho , " Romero said . "  I was very scared , because he would n't stop . " The federal complaint against Romero said the immigration investigation began after agents were given evidence gathered by a private detective hired by Klinko . When Klinko testified for the prosecution last week he said it was "  completely incorrect " that his motivation was to get Romero deported . Instead , the investigator was gathering evidence to be used in a lawsuit against Michael Ball , the founder and owner of the Rock & Republic fashion company , Klinko said . The criminal complaint named Ball as a target of the federal investigation , alleging that he helped arrange the sham marriage while Romero was modeling for his company . Klinko said his lawyer turned the evidence over to the government only because he feared Klinko might be extorted by Ball . "  My case has never been against Fernanda , " Klinko said after his testimony . "  I wish her the best . " Ross , 28 , also had his turn on the witness stand Tuesday , hoping to convince jurors that he and Romero were a real couple at one time . "  I was in love with her , " Ross testified . "  It felt right at the time , so I rolled with it . " He was asked why he asked the actress to marry him after knowing her for only a short time . "  I had a tiger by the tail and I wanted to keep her here , " he said . Romero and Ross sat directly in front of jurors throughout the one-week trial , holding hands much of the time . They could get between 15 and 21 months in prison if convicted , though such cases usually produce shorter sentences , according to the prosecutor . The case is unusual because marriage fraud charges are usually litigated by immigration authorities rather than prosecuted as criminal cases . Romero 's show business career began in Mexico at age 16 when she joined the ensemble Frizzby , her Internet Movie Database biography says . The group toured Mexico and Central America , releasing two top-10 singles , it says . She started hosting television shows and appearing on commercials in Mexico when she was 18 , it says . Romero has appeared in print and TV ad campaigns for Rock and Republic , Clean and Clear , Pepsi , Apple and JC Penney , it says . "  She was cast in Telemundo 's original production ` Wounded Soul , ' where she was not only a lead actress , but also a lead singer , performing two songs in the soap opera 's soundtrack , " her online biography says .	Fernanda Romero testifies in her own defense Tuesday The actress tells jurors her marriage was not fake Closing arguments are set for Wednesday Romero is charged with paying a pizza delivery man to marry her
CNN  -- Alex Okosi left Nigeria as a young boy in the late 1980s to seek a better future in the United States . By the early 2000s , the music executive was carving a successful career with broadcasting giant MTV , holding strategic positions within the influential medial company both in the United States and Europe . Yet , Okosi never forgot where he came from . His dream had always been to promote his continent 's diverse music scene and vibrant youth culture . In the mid-2000s , at a time when not many were convinced about his continent 's economic potential , Okosi helped persuade his bosses to launch a dedicated MTV channel for Africa . Today , as the senior vice president and managing director of MTV Networks Africa , Okosi runs MTV Base , the company 's first localized television service targeted exclusively at sub-Saharan Africa . "  We 've ... been quite lucky in being able to create a brand that we have taken from our international stable and bring into the continent to be able to create content and experiences that people enjoy , localizing them to make sure that they cater to the attitudes and tastes of African audiences , " says Okosi , now based in South Africa . Read related : Malian kora legend breaks music barriers Born in the West African country of Nigeria , Okosi moved to the United States at the age of 12 . He excelled throughout school , graduated with high honors in 1994 and won a scholarship to St. Michael 's college in Vermont . He credits his mentor Midge Monte for shaping his character and showing him the value of working hard to achieve your goals . "  Midge was such an important an influential part of my life as she served as my guardian the last two years of my high school career and has since remained a huge part of my life , " says Okosi . "  Midge also instilled in me the importance of hard work and commitment as one strives to be successful . " Okosi 's determination and academic excellence helped him land a job with MTV straight after university . His talents soon started to shine -- Okosi worked both in MTV 's New York and West Coast offices before moving to London to be part of the company 's international strategy team . He first planted the seed of bringing MTV to Africa during a business lunch with the head of the broadcasting giant . Okosi was convinced about the power and value of the African market , but putting together a viable business plan was far from easy -- a lack of data on the size of the advertising market , coupled with infrastructure challenges , hampered Okosi 's ambitions . Yet , despite all the challenges , Okosi was determined to succeed . "  I just focused on the fact that there 's this great opportunity to do something that I believe would enable us and our youth culture to be projected in the most different way , " he says . "  The excitement and the passion to do what we 've been able to do completely overshadowed everything that was there to consider . " Read more : Guitar hero of the desert Once Okosi 's business plan had convinced his MTV bosses that a foray into Africa could be a success , his vision and dream were put to the test . The brand was well entrenched in the developed world but setting up shop in the continent had its own unique challenges . At first , he says , the quality of the music videos was the biggest setback . "  We had to up the game , we had to create a benchmark for what the quality was , " he explains . As a result , the company started training producers , artists and directors in its key African markets how to shoot better music videos . It brought experienced international directors to work together with their African peers and also helped create free music videos for a number of artists . "  That also kind of helped create what we have today which is an incredibly exciting African music market where we 're now having African music videos being played in London and the U.S. and across the continent , which is quite exciting . " Read more : Somali rapper makes songs in the key of love Over the years , MTV Base has also teamed up with local terrestrial stations in various parts of the continent to gain access to a bigger audience that ca n't afford to pay for content -- today the company says that more than 90 million people have access to its programs . In 2008 , the company also launched the MTV Africa Awards , a high-profile event that 's helping talented African artists to raise their international profile . " -LSB- It 's a -RSB- great story for Africa because it enables the world to see that we have a young vibrant , incredible youth culture that also is able to create great entertainment , great music , " says Okosi . MTV Base has also rolled out a series of initiatives aiming to inspire and galvanize the continent 's youth population . During Nigeria 's last elections , the channel launched its "  Choose or Lose campaign " to prompt the country 's young population to participate in the democratic process in order to make sure their voice is heard . Okosi says the future of Africa lies with the millions of young people across the continent who are willing to work hard in order to succeed . "  One thing that I do admire about our young Africans is their spirit , " he says . "  They 're a bunch of young people that have the same aspirations as their international counterparts and they manage to succeed even despite some of the challenges that we face on the continent , " he says .	Alex Okosi is the senior vice president and managing director of MTV Networks Africa In 2005 he helped convince his bosses to open a dedicated MTV channels for Africa The company says that more than 90 million people have access to its content In 2008 the company also launched the MTV Africa Awards
CNN  -- It was like any other day . If anything , it might have been a little better than usual -- with more deserved honors for the kids , more jokes and songs , more smiles . Even Mother Nature , after storms the previous day , seemed at first to cooperate as the sun shone brightly . But things changed quickly . And in Oklahoma , where adults and children alike habitually practice what to do if a tornado strikes , change can prove deadly . Things are different , more heartbreaking now for students and staff at Plaza Towers and Briarwood elementary schools in Moore , both of them leveled by a tornado . "  A lot of pain , a lot of tears , very little food and very little sleep is the way you get through it , " Plaza Towers principal Amy Simpson said Friday . The memories linger . They are not just of the horrible moments when the twister tore through their schools , but the minutes before as teachers did what they could to keep their students safe and in control as it approached , the short time before that as frenzied parents rushed in looking for their sons and daughters , and the hours before that when everything seemed perfect . "  What started off as a normal day at Plaza Towers tuned into a horrible , horrible thing for seven families , " said Simpson , referring to the seven of her students killed by the storm . Inside a tornado-ravaged school A frenzied , yet controlled few horrific minutes Each school week at Plaza Towers starts with "  Rise and Shine . " It 's a chance for students to see their teachers and counselors , to sing and recite the school creed , and to honor youngsters ' accomplishments inside and outside school . "  During that morning meeting , we celebrate kids , " the school 's principal said . On Monday , the celebrations did n't end there . Simpson recalled then heading to an hour-long award ceremony for first and second graders to toast their many achievements , then to a practice for sixth-graders ' commencement exercises . After that , kids started filing into the cafeteria for the first of six lunch sessions the school has . "  Everything in the morning went exactly as it has for the last 170 days , " Simpson recalled . It was after lunch that teachers first got word to be on alert for severe weather . Still , at that point , no one knew a twister was heading their way . Simpson continued to go about her business , interviewing a candidate for a pre-kindergarten position , when she noticed heavy thunderstorms roll through . A balm after the storm Simpson ended the interview and noticed parents starting to stream in to pick up their kids . This happens often when it rains heavily , but the principal sensed something abnormal was up as parents rushed in faster and in greater numbers than usual . "  At that point , I made a decision that you did n't have to check out your child the formal way , " Simpson recalled , saying she stood out front to see who was coming and going . Some parents were noticeably scared . One father , Simpson said , was "  in a panic . " She told him that he had to calm down -- so as not to alarm any students -- before he went through the hallways to retrieve his child . This steady stream lasted 5 or 6 minutes before the sirens went off , indicating a tornado on the ground . Simpson got on the intercom and told everyone to do what they 'd practiced in all those drills . Then she walked up and down the hallways .  She could n't get to where her second and third-graders were , however , as they were in a different building . Some teachers tracked the twister on mobile devices , until Simpson asked them to turn them off . She did another walk-through and saw her staffers rubbing the backs of their students , some of whom -- with their heads down and hands over their heads -- sang . When the principal got back to the front of the school , the tornado was nearly on top of them . She got on the intercom one more time . "  It 's here . " Just doing their jobs ? Teachers save lives during tornado Rising from the rubble Simpson huddled in a bathroom with four other women . "  The only time I yelled  I said  , ` In God 's name , go away , go away . ' I said it about four times . " Debris was still flying when Simpson pushed out the door , stepped over a sink , and noticed "  the whole neighborhood was gone . " Somehow , her phone rang . It was her mother , and she told her to call 911 . There were no more walls left in her school . The bumper of a car sat between the pre-kindergarten and kindergarten students . "  I could see the kids peeking around what used to be a corner , " Simpson said . Justin Ayres , a fifth-grade teacher who was the first to spot the twister , was the first one out on one side of what had been the school . Men and women , meanwhile , were running foward to help . Within minutes , Simpson recalled , the pre-K , kindergarten and first graders were safely out . Her husband soon arrived and put his hand on her shoulder . "  I said , ` Go help second and third grade , ' " referring to those students who were in a different , nearby building . "  I have n't seen any of them yet . " More and more students emerged , some of them heading to a nearby church . But what had been the second - and third-grade building was precarious , at best . "  I made my way around there , then I begged and pleaded for the human chain to get me up there , " Simpson said . "  They did . And they were pulling out students and teachers . " All seven killed at Plaza Towers died in that rubble . "  The rest of the evening was a nightmare . " One block , two tornadoes : Life in the crosshairs ` They grew up really fast ' Briarwood Elementary Principal Shelley Jaques-McMillin 's first impression of Monday ? "  I remember thinking , "  Yeah , it 's sunny ! So we 're going to be able to go outside . " School started , as it always does , with what 's called the Grizzly Growl -- a time for singing , dancing , celebrating . "  I remember  the happy faces , how excited they were , just seeing them smile , " said Jaques-McMillin . And there was laughter when a special guest -- a sheep -- made a special appearance . Staffers had to give it a kiss , because a group of students had reached their reading goal . Lunchtime that day was especially fun . "  This is what school is about , " Jaques-McMillin remembered saying at the time . "  This is why we do what we do . They 're so happy . " The next few hours went by in a blur -- in some ways , much like at Plaza Towers . There were the students and staff doing what they 'd practiced in tornado drills -- the sirens , and more . Jaques-McMillin felt stronger , more resolute this time than when the last EF5 tornado -- the strongest such classification -- came through Moore . When that happened , she was alone and horrified . This time was different . She had a sense of purpose , beyond simply making sure they survived . "  I have 675 students that I promise their parents every single day , I will protect your kids , " Jaques-McMillin said . "  I 'll feed them , they 'll be safe , and I 'll give them back at the end of the day . " Briarwood Elementary did n't survive the tornado , but everyone who had been inside did . They included 4-year-olds and students set to move onto seventh grade , though they were still kids at heart . Yet on Monday , one of them reached down to a teacher , who was trapped in the rubble with water from a busted pipe blowing in her face . "  He grabbed her hand and said , ` Calm down , I 'm going to dig you out . " And he did , just a few days after letting loose during a "  Glow in the Dark " party . "  Here they were , being silly on Friday night , ... dancing , being sixth-graders , " Jaques-McMillin said . "  They grew up really fast . " Graduations provide respite from tragedy	Principals of two Oklahoma schools leveled by tornadoes talk to reporters They recall an upbeat morning filled with songs , celebrations and more Students and staff did what they had practice in tornado drills when the time came A principal says a student told a teacher to calm down , dug her out of rubble
CNN  -- A Texas judge Friday denied Planned Parenthood 's request to be included in the state 's newly revamped women 's health program . Judge Stephen Yelenosky said he denied the organization 's request for a temporary injunction because it was unlikely Planned Parenthood would win at trial , since federal funds are not at issue in the case . "  If , as plaintiffs argue , a successor program must be Medicaid-funded then the only legal remedy would be for this court to shut down the state-funded women 's health program , not to order the inclusion of Planned Parenthood , " Judge Yelenosky wrote in the ruling . Texas lawmakers applauded the ruling . "  This is great news for Texas women and further proves that Planned Parenthood 's case attempting to derail the Texas Women 's Health Program lacks merit , " Gov. Rick Perry said in a statement . He added that the injunction request was "  nothing more than a desperate move by an organization more concerned with obtaining taxpayer money than with helping women get care . With this ruling , our state can continue caring for Texas women , " Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott said he was pleased the agency would not "  skirt " the law . "  The Texas Attorney General 's office will continue to defend the Texas Legislature 's decision to prohibit abortion providers and their affiliates from receiving taxpayer dollars through the Women 's Health Program , " Abbott 's communications director , Lauren Bean , said . A state law that went into effect with the new year requires the state to fully fund women 's health clinics with the exception of those that are affiliated with abortion providers . With that new law , Texas is no longer eligible for federal funding for women 's health and , therefore , Planned Parenthood and other such establishments in the state will no longer be able to receive federal funding . Previously , such organizations in Texas obtained 90 % of their money through the Social Security Administration and other federal funding . Late last month , a Texas judge denied the group 's request for a temporary restraining order that would have extended the organization 's ability to participate . Planned Parenthood and fellow plaintiff Marcela Balquinta of McAllen , Texas , filed the request for a temporary restraining order seeking exclusion from the new law , arguing the organization provides preventative women 's health care not associated with abortions to nearly 50,000 Texas enrollees annually . The organization says more than 90 % of the services its clinics provide are for preventative measures aimed towards cancer screenings , birth control and testing for diseases . "  Governor Rick Perry should not be able to decide which health centers a woman can go to for birth control , well-woman exams or cancer screenings , " Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards said . "  This case is n't about Planned Parenthood â $ " it 's about the women who rely on Planned Parenthood health centers for basic care every day . Ending funding for birth control , annual exams , or cancer screenings at Planned Parenthood would hurt the millions of American women and families that rely on Planned Parenthood health centers for health care , " Richards added . "  That is why women and men in Texas and across the country strongly oppose attempts to deny funding to Planned Parenthood health centers , and will fight with us to ensure Planned Parenthood health center doors across America are open today and open tomorrow . " Late last month , a Texas judge denied the group 's request for a temporary restraining order that would have extended the organization 's ability to participate .	NEW : Judge says with no federal funds involved , Planned Parenthood does n't have a case Planned Parenthood is excluded from the state 's Women 's Health Program The law puts funding of women 's health clinics in state hands rather than federal No clinics associated with abortion providers can receive any of the money
CNN  -- Sinaloa cartel boss Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman will face charges in Mexico before any possibility of extradition , Mexico 's ambassador to the United States said Tuesday . "  Mr. Guzman still has pending time to serve in Mexico from his original sentence and he also faces new charges in Mexico that will be processed in Mexican federal courts , " Ambassador Eduardo Medina-Mora said in a statement . "  If and when we receive an extradition request , it will be analyzed by the appropriate Mexican legal authorities and if granted , Mexico will decide upon the right moment to execute that possible extradition request . " The ambassador 's statement came on the same day that U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder called his counterpart in Mexico to congratulate him on Guzman 's capture , according to the Justice Department . Also Tuesday , federal prosecutors in New York unveiled the latest indictment naming Guzman , alleging drug trafficking and money laundering . There are at least seven indictments against Guzman in various U.S. jurisdictions , and at least one U.S. attorney 's office has said it plans to seek extradition . "  Bilateral security and justice cooperation between Mexico and the United States unfolds in a mature and serene way , and cases like Mr. Guzman 's are processed with openness . I think that the charges he faces in Mexico will be processed first and an eventual extradition request would be considered at the appropriate time , " Medina-Mora said . "  Mr. Guzman could eventually face the charges against him in the U.S. , after facing the charges against him in Mexico . " When Guzman escaped from a Mexican prison in 2001 , he had served seven years of a 20-year , nine-month sentence . There were eight warrants for Guzman 's arrest when authorities captured him over the weekend : two tied to his 2001 escape , and six more for alleged crimes committed since then , Mexico 's attorney general 's office said . Guzman 's attorneys have already filed a motion to block his extradition . Rep. Michael McCaul , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , said Sunday that Mexican officials should consider extradition now . "  The normal sequence is Mexico , being a sovereign nation , has the first prosecution . However , there 's a history here . He escaped from a prison in 2001 . There is corruption in that country . And I would ask that the Mexicans consider extraditing him to the United States , where he will be put into a ` supermax ' prison under tight security , where he can not escape , and be brought to justice with a life sentence , " McCaul told ABC 's "  This Week . " "  I think that would be the best course of action for not only Mexico , but also the United States , in ensuring that what happened in 2001 does not happen again . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and CNNMexico 's Rodrigo Aguiar contributed to this report .	Ambassador : "  Mr. Guzman still has pending time to serve in Mexico " The Sinaloa cartel boss faces indictments in several U.S. jurisdictions Mexican officials say he must face charges in Mexico before extradition Guzman 's lawyers have filed a petition to block his extradition
CNN  Iran 's Supreme Leader has written a letter in English asking Western youths not to judge Islam based on the Charlie Hebdo terror attacks , in a message published on the cleric 's website and Twitter account . In the post , titled "  To the Youth in Europe and North America , " Ayatollah Ali Khamenei calls on young people to seek out their own understanding of Islam , and he criticizes the media 's portrayal of Muslims following the massacre of 16 people at the French satirical magazine and at a kosher supermarket in Paris this month . "  The recent events in France and similar ones in some other Western countries have convinced me to directly talk to you about them , " Khamenei 's letter reads . "  I am addressing you , -LSB- the youth -RSB- , not because I overlook your parents , rather it is because the future of your nations and countries will be in your hands ; and also I find that the sense of quest for truth is more vigorous and attentive in your hearts . " The Paris attacks , which have provoked a wave of anti-Islam protests in the West , were retribution for Charlie Hebdo 's lampooning of Islam over the years . The magazine 's first issue after the attack , which features a caricature of the Prophet Mohammed on its cover , has sparked demonstrations across the Muslim world . But the leader of Iran , where chants of "  Death to America " have been a familiar refrain at Friday prayers and parliamentary sessions since the Islamic republic 's founding in 1979 , strikes a more conciliatory tone in his message to young people in the West . "  I do n't insist that you accept my reading or any other reading of Islam , " his letter reads . "  What I want to say is : Do n't allow this dynamic and effective reality in today 's world to be introduced to you through resentments and prejudices . Do n't allow them to hypocritically introduce their own recruited terrorists as representatives of Islam . " Khamenei also riffs on Western history , explaining that the United States and Europe have a long tradition of oppressing people of "  color and non-Christians . " He describes his admiration for chastened Western historians who are , in his words , "  deeply ashamed of the bloodsheds wrought in the name of religion between the Catholics and Protestants or in the name of nationality and ethnicity during the First and Second World Wars . " Khamenei calls on readers to ignore media portrayals of Islam : "  Receive knowledge of Islam from its primary and original sources . Gain information about Islam through the Qur ` an and the life of its great Prophet , " he writes . "  Why does the power structure in the world want Islamic thought to be marginalized and remain latent ? " Khamenei asks readers to ask themselves , then : "  I would like you not to allow the derogatory and offensive image-buildings to create an emotional gulf between you and the reality . " The Supreme Leader finishes with a hopeful message that "  future generations would write the history of this current interaction between Islam and the West with a clearer conscience and lesser resentment . " Khamenei 's letter comes at a time of thawing relations between Iran and the U.S. , as the two longtime adversaries try to hammer out a deal on the future of Iran 's nuclear program . Barack Obama even sent a letter to Khamenei in October , pointing out that they share a common enemy in ISIS , the Sunni Islamist terror group that has seized huge chunks of Syria and Iraq . But diplomatic progress has not stopped the Ayatollah from bashing the West on social media in recent months . He called the U.S. the "  enemy " on Twitter two weeks ago in a tweet about nuclear talks , and in August he blasted the treatment of African-Americans in a tweet about the protests after the police killing of an unarmed black teen in Ferguson , Missouri . And in November , Khamenei tweeted a nine-point explanation of why Israel should be "  annihilated " -- a comment that infuriated Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who urged Western powers to pull out of nuclear negotiations with Iran . Khamenei 's letter in full can be read here .	Iran 's Supreme Leader asks Western youths to study Islam before making judgments Ayatollah Ali Khamenei criticizes the media 's portrayal of Muslims after the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris
CNN  -- What the heck has happened to John McCain ? First he flip-flopped on immigration reform . In 2006 , Sen. John McCain was a primary co-sponsor of and worked closely with Sen. Ted Kennedy to craft immigration reform legislation that included a path to citizenship for America 's undocumented immigrants . But faced with a primary challenge from a tea party Republican in 2010 , McCain denied that he had ever supported a path to citizenship . McCain subsequently threw his support behind Arizona state legislation that ostensibly allows for racial profiling of Latinos and is considered one of the harshest anti-immigration laws in the nation . Then he flip-flopped on legislation meant to address the dangers of climate change . In 2003 , McCain was a key supporter of so-called "  cap and trade " legislation that would create a market-based solution to limit pollution . During his 2008 presidential run , McCain boasted of his support for cap-and-trade measures . "  We stand warned by serious and credible scientists across the world that time is short and the dangers are great , " said McCain . "  The most relevant question now is whether our own government is equal to the challenge . " McCain , it appears , was not . By 2009 , McCain was calling such measures "  cap and tax . " By 2014 , McCain was blasting Secretary of State John Kerry for even talking about climate change . And now we have Bowe Bergdahl . Recently , the Fact Checker column of the Washington Post found that Senator McCain had flip-flopped on his support for a prisoner swap in exchange for the release of Sergeant Bergdahl . The Post awarding McCain a rare upside-down Pinocchio for his switch in positions . In February 2014 , McCain told CNN 's Anderson Cooper , "  Now this idea is for an exchange of prisoners for our American fighting man . I would be inclined to support such a thing depending on a lot of the details . " That was before Obama actually made the exchange . Then McCain said he was against it . McCain claims his objection was based on the details of the five Taliban prisoners swapped for Bergdahl but as the Washington Post Fact Checker pointed out , the details around those five specific prisoners were widely known in February when McCain originally commented . In fact , the Washington Post ran a front-page story with details about the prisoners . McCain 's flip-flop , like all his others , was nothing more than political opportunism , plain and simple . Moreover , these are not the only times McCain has wildly switched positions on fundamental issues . Suzy Khimm , then of Mother Jones magazine , produced a thorough list including other flip-flops as of August 2010 . But it 's somehow especially stunning to hear John McCain flip-flop on the issue of Bergdahl in particular . After all , McCain is without question a true American hero . And he has been , from his earliest days , a man of principle . In 1968 , a year into his imprisonment and torture as a prisoner of war during the Vietnam War , McCain was offered early release â $ " the North Vietnamese seeking to gain publicity points after McCain 's admiral father was put in command of all U.S. forces in the region . The young John McCain refused . He would only agree to be released if every American taken prisoner before him was released as well . It was only then that McCain was subject to heinous and severe torture , including beatings every two hours . Five-and-a-half years later , the principled POW and his fellow soldiers were released and came home . They received a heroes ' welcome . The New York Times put a picture of McCain 's homecoming on its front page . It 's important to remember that McCain was ultimately released by the North Vietnamese as part of winding down of the war . That 's what happens when you end a war ; you exchange prisoners â $ " even the dangerous ones . In the case of the five Taliban prisoners swapped for Bergdahl , even a legal adviser from the George W. Bush administration has argued there would be no grounds to continue holding them after the war in Afghanistan officially ended later this year . And by then , they would n't even be useful as leverage for Bergdahl 's return . Certainly John McCain knows the immense suffering and brutality of being a prisoner of war . He also knows what happens when wars end . In fact , I like to imagine that John McCain knows a lot of things including how ridiculous his repeated backtracking seems in light of his own self-proclaimed principled "  maverick " identity . But these radical shifts in position say less about McCain as a person and more about the political party to which he belongs , a party that was for immigration reform and for cap-and-trade regulations and for doing whatever it took to bring Bowe Berdahl home up until the moment that President Obama took the same side . The modern Republican Party is desperately opportunistic and reactionary , trading whatever thin principles it may have once held to simply stand against whatever the other side is for . And John McCain , whether willingly or unwittingly , is at best an illustrative canary in the coal mine or at worst , yet again held hostage -- this time by an increasingly reckless and irrational GOP . UPDATE : An earlier version incorrectly listed McCain as being awarded the Medal of Honor .	Sally Kohn wonders why Sen. John McCain gets away with his constant flip-flops He was first in favor of prisoner swap for Bergdahl , she says , then was against it She says McCain 's flip-flops are nothing more than political opportunism , plain and simple But the real reasons may be an desperate and reactionary Republican party
CNN  -- Four people , including a 12-year-old , died when an Amtrak train hit their car in Hardeeville , South Carolina , an official said Tuesday . The accident occurred Monday night near the South Carolina-Georgia state line , not far from the intersection of South Carolina 46 and U.S. 17 . "  It appears that the vehicle tried to go around the gate arms ... to beat the train across the tracks , " said Ted Felder , Hardeeville 's interim city manager . The Jasper County , South Carolina , coroner has not released the names of the dead . The car became wedged onto the front of the southbound train , which pushed it for a mile down the track , Felder said . The Hardeeville Fire Department received a call shortly before 9 p.m. ET Monday , but teams from various agencies reportedly were unable to detach the car until about midnight . Felder said no one on the train was injured , and once the car was detached , a bus took passengers to the Amtrak station in Savannah , Georgia . The train was en route from Charleston , South Carolina , to Savannah when the crash occurred .	Amtrak train hits car near South Carolina-Georgia state line Car apparently tried to beat train across tracks , official says Four killed in car , including 12-year-old No train passengers injured , official says
Penuelas , Puerto Rico  CNN  -- Jorelys Rivera , the 7-year-old girl who was abducted and killed early this month near her north Georgia home , was buried Tuesday in a service in this town on the southern coast of Puerto Rico . Hundreds of mourners filled the funeral home and spilled out the doors for the service . Afterward , the carriage holding holding her body was pulled by horses -- her favorite animal -- to the cemetery . The 1 - to 2-kilometer  1-mile  route to the cemetery was lined with people , many of whom said they had not known the girl or her family , but were there simply because they had been moved by her story . Mayor Walter Torres paid the cost of the service . As a four-person group played traditional Puerto Rican and Christmas music , Jorelys ' mother Joseline appeared calm and solemn.The girl 's father , Ricardo Galarza , appeared disturbed and upset . He told CNN last week that he last saw his daughter two years ago when she visited for the summer . She was supposed to have returned for Christmas . The girl 's maternal grandmother was barely able to speak and remain upright . Jorelys disappeared December 2 near a playground at a Canton , Georgia , apartment complex . Searchers found her body in a compactor-type trash bin there three days later . Authorities have accused 20-year-old Ryan Brunn -- a maintenance worker at the complex -- of killing her . Jorelys died of blunt force trauma to the head and was stabbed and sexually assaulted , according to authorities . A date for Brunn 's arraignment has not been set . David Cannon Sr. , one of Brunn 's court-appointed attorneys , has said that his client will plead not guilty . On Sunday , Rivera told WAPA that if authorities have evidence showing Brunn killed her daughter , he should face the death penalty . "  The truth is I ca n't tell you if it was him or if it was n't him , because I had never seen him before , " she said .	Hundreds of mourners filled the funeral home in Puerto Rico The route to the cemetery was lined with hundreds of people The carriage holding her body was pulled by horses
Istanbul  CNN  -- One of the world 's most powerful Muslim preachers lives behind a gated compound in the small , leafy town of Saylorsburg , Pennsylvania . The reclusive Turkish cleric 's name is Fethullah Gulen . If you believe the Turkish government , supporters of this cleric in Pennsylvania are spearheading a coup attempt in Turkey that is destabilizing one of America 's most important allies in the Middle East . In recent weeks , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , a religious conservative , has compared Gulen and his supporters to a virus and a medieval cult of assassins . Meanwhile , in an interview with CNN , a top official from Erdogan 's ruling Justice and Development Party , or AKP , called the Gulen movement a "  fifth column " that had infiltrated the Turkish police force and judiciary . "  We are confronted by a structure that does n't take orders from within the chain of command of the state , " parliament member and deputy AKP chairman Mahir Unal told CNN . "  Rather , it takes orders from outside the state . " Who is this mysterious man in Pennsylvania ? The 72-year old imam went into self-imposed exile when he moved from Turkey to the United States in 1999 . He rarely speaks to journalists and has turned down interview requests from CNN for more than two years . But in a rare e-mail interview published in The Wall Street Journal on Tuesday , Gulen denied any involvement in a political conspiracy . "  We will never be a part of any plot against those who are governing our country , " he wrote , according to The Wall Street Journal . Muslim cleric and school spiritual leader Supporters describe Gulen as a moderate Muslim cleric who champions interfaith dialogue . Promotional videos show him meeting with Pope John Paul II in the Vatican in the 1990s . He also repeatedly met with rabbis and Christian priests in Turkey . The preacher is best known as the spiritual leader of a network of schools and universities that operate in more than 100 countries . In the U.S. , this academic empire includes Harmony Public Schools , the largest charter school network in Texas . The U.S. Department of Education awarded Harmony schools in Texas a $ 30 million grant after they received high scores in the government 's "  Race to the Top " education competition . Every year , students from Gulen schools around the world gather in Istanbul for a lavish series of concerts , dances and academic competitions called The Turkish Olympics . At these events , African students perform Turkish folk dances in traditional Turkish costumes before packed stadium audiences . Gulen supporter and newspaper columnist Ihsan Yilmaz insisted the schools "  are not owned by Gulen , " but by a loose network of volunteers from the cleric 's movement . "  These people know each other , they meet together , but officially speaking ,  the schools  are owned by different businessmen , " Yilmaz explained . Volunteers in the Gulen movement also own TV stations , the largest-circulation newspaper in Turkey , gold mines and at least one Turkish bank . "  There are many businessmen in Turkey who espouse the ideas of Gulen . Because starting from the 1960s , Gulen has been teaching them look , in order to be a good Muslim , you do n't have to be a poor guy , " explained Yilmaz , who is also a professor of political science at Fatih University , a Gulen-affiliated school in Istanbul . Relations with the Prime Minister Throughout much of the last decade , the Gulen movement was also a strong Erdogan supporter . Pro-Gulen media outlets backed sprawling investigations of alleged coup plots organized by Turkish military commanders . Dozens of military officers , as well as secular writers , academics and businessmen , waited for years in prison for trials that critics called witch hunts . At that time , it also became increasingly dangerous to criticize the Gulen movement . Police arrested and imprisoned writer Ahmet Sik for more than a year , accusing him of supporting a terrorist organization . A court banned his book "  The Imam 's Army , " which took a critical look at the Gulen movement , before it was even published . Now out of prison , but still facing charges , Sik said the long-standing alliance between Turkey 's two most prominent Islamic conservative leaders -- Erdogan and Gulen -- had collapsed into a bitter power struggle . "  There was a forced marriage , and the fight that began with who would lead the family is continuing as an ugly divorce , " Sik told CNN . "  On the one side , there is the Gulen community , a dark and opaque power that can damage the most powerful administration in Turkish history . And on the other side , you have an administration that under the guise of fighting this community can and has suspended all legal and democratic principles , " he said . In November , Erdogan announced plans to shut down privately owned preparatory schools , which help some Turkish students study for university entrance exams . Pro-Gulen media groups denounced the move , which would hurt an important part of the Gulen academic empire in Turkey . Anti-corruption raids On December 17 , police carried out a series of anti-corruption raids targeting dozens of people closely linked to the Turkish government . Among those arrested were the sons of two senior Cabinet ministers as well as the head of the state-owned HalkBank . Outlets like the pro-Gulen newspaper Today 's Zaman published detailed reports alleging that police found large amounts of cash -- in the case of the bank director , stored in shoe boxes -- in the homes of some of the suspects . Erdogan denounced the allegations of graft against his government . Instead , he accused police and prosecutors of organizing a politically motivated investigation to hurt his party before nationwide municipal elections in March . The Turkish government embarked on the highly unusual mass demotion of thousands of police and prosecutors believed to be involved in the investigation . ` God is behind us ' "  There is a political crisis in Turkey right now , and also a societal crisis in the sense that I 've hardly seen Turkish society this polarized , this tense , this paranoid , " said Mustafa Akyol , author of the book "  Islam Without Extremes . " "  Both sides use religious language to justify themselves , " Akyol added . "  Both sides say ` God is behind us . ' " In a fiery speech distributed on one of his movement 's websites last month , Gulen accused the Turkish government of hypocrisy . "  Those who do n't see the thief but go after those trying to catch the thief , who do n't see the murder but try to defame others by accusing innocent people : Let God bring fire to their houses , ruin their homes , break their unity , " the cleric yelled while shaking his fist in anger . There are few signs that the power struggle between rival wings of the Turkish bureaucracy shows any signs of letting up . Speaking on condition of anonymity , Erdogan supporters have said that a recent series of police arrests targeting alleged al Qaeda suspects in Turkey were actually carried out by pro-Gulen police and prosecutors seeking to embarrass the Turkish government . Within hours of the anti-al Qaeda raids on January 14 , a counter-terror police commander involved was reportedly demoted to his department 's juvenile crimes division . As the mudslinging also continues between different factions of the Turkish media , it is highly unlikely that the enigmatic cleric , safely sequestered in Pennsylvania , will return to face the political firestorm in Turkey anytime soon .	Turkish government says group managed by Fethullah Gulen is leading a coup attempt in Turkey He denies any involvement in a political conspiracy Gulen 's group once backed Turkey 's Prime Minister , but that relationship has soured "  There is a political crisis in Turkey right now , " and society is polarized , author says
It 's a bust for actor Ben Affleck at one Las Vegas casino . The actor was "  banned from playing blackjack at the Hard Rock casino in Las Vegas , " a source close to Affleck told CNN on Friday . Affleck was "  not booted " from the casino as other reports have indicated , the source said . Rather , the source says , he was asked to leave after casino security told him : "  You are too good at the game . " The actor was told he could play other games at the casino , the source said . The Hard Rock Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment about the Tuesday incident . The source did not say whether casino security accused Affleck of card counting , which is not a crime . It is frowned on by casinos , and it can lead to a ban by a gambling establishment . Affleck was in Las Vegas with his wife for a quick getaway before the actor begins shooting "  Batman vs. Superman , " the source said . Affleck has been cast as Bruce Wayne in the upcoming film .	Ben Affleck was banned because he was too good , a source close to the actor says Source : He was "  not booted " from the casino , as other reports suggest
CNN  -- Turning 50 is a major milestone in a person 's life -- and a country 's history . Kenya celebrates Thursday its Golden Jubilee year following 50 years of independence from British rule . To commemorate the event , Nairobi-based photographer Mutua Matheka teamed up with Samsung last month to launch Picha Hamsini , a photo contest celebrating the East African country 's heritage from past to present . They asked photography enthusiasts from across Kenya to submit images of people or places with historical and cultural significance and explain why these were relevant to them or the country . "  The goal of the contest was to see and show Kenya from the eyes of Kenyans , " says Matheka . "  To  use images to celebrate our country and get people involved in that celebration . We have a lot we are not happy about as a country , but I believe we also have a lot to celebrate and I feel photography is usually a tool to further and foster that . " Read this : Africa 's most exciting new photographers The organizers received more than 2,000 images submitted via Facebook , Twitter and Istagram . In the end , the 25 best were selected and featured in a street exhibition in the center of the Kenyan capital , alongside some of Matheka 's photos . "  The images we received were fantastic , " says Matheka . "  Some celebrated people , others celebrated our activities , others celebrated beautiful places , " he adds . "  The winners were mostly amateur photographers . " With celebrations underway across Kenya , many believe that this is also a time to look back and learn from the mistakes of the past . Read this : Kenyan yoga strikes a pose Matheka says the overriding message of the celebrations is that "  we have moved quite a distance in democracy , value of life , ability to make a living in this country from 50 years back to now . " He adds : "  A lot has changed for the better and a lot has changed for the worse too . I celebrate the progress and keep track of it so that for the next 50 years we try to avert from the former mistakes and progress as a nation . " Click through our gallery above to check out some of the competition 's best photographs .	Kenya celebrates its 50th year of independence from British rule A photography competition celebrated the country 's heritage and history Outstanding images show people or places with historical and cultural significance
CNN  They are two of the continent 's acknowledged football powerhouses and later Sunday either Ivory Coast or Ghana will end a long and frustrating wait to be crowned Africa Cup of Nations champions . Ghana last lifted the trophy 33 years ago and was beaten in the 1992 final by Ivory Coast , the last time The Elephants claimed the prestigious crown . The meeting in Bata will bring down the curtain on a tournament -- hosted at the last minute by Equatorial Guinea after Morocco declined because of Ebola fears -- which has seen some fine football but also been blighted by crowd trouble inside and outside the stadiums . Ghana 's 3-0 semifinal win over the hosts saw the worst scenes , with a helicopter deployed to disperse fans at the Estadio de Malabo and the game held up for several minutes . Overshadowed by the violent scenes was a solid team performance by the Black Stars , with Andre Ayew , the son of the legendary Abedi ` Pele ' Ayew , rounding off the scoring with his third goal of the competition . Ivory Coast , with a host of talented players such as Manchester City 's Yaya Toure and the club 's new signing Wilfried Bony , has come on strong after needing to beat Cameroon to reach the knockout stages . The Ivorians will start marginal favorites to win the Africa Cup of Nations for the second time . Ghana is a four-time winner and has five wins in nine matches with Ivory Coast at the finals , losing three with the other drawn .	Ivory Coast and Ghana meet in Africa Cup of Nations final Ghana last won title in 1982 , Ivory Coast in 1992 Ghana beat hosts Equatorial Guinea in semifinals Ivory Coast starts as marginal favorite
CNN  -- If you 've been mesmerized by the drama , like millions of other viewers watching coverage of the Olympic Games , you have heard the most heroic , inspirational stories of athletes reaching the pinnacle of international competition . Or , at least you think you have . The truth is American viewers are missing out on the best of the Games . Coverage of the Olympics in the United States understandably focuses on American athletes . That is as it should be , but not to this degree . By concentrating mainly on Americans ' stories , the NBC network is depriving U.S. viewers of some of the most fascinating , moving and exciting aspects of the Olympics . How much have you heard , for example , about Guor Marial , who marched in the opening ceremony under the banner of "  Independent Olympic Athletes " ? Marial became a marathoner after running for his life since he was a young boy in Sudan , growing up in the middle of one of the deadliest wars of the 20th century . He learned to run as he fought to escape from those who killed his siblings and relatives and later kidnapped and enslaved him . Imagine such a story of tragedy and redemption , from slavery to triumph . His life is a most unbelievable odyssey , culminating at the Olympic Games . His parents live in a village with no electricity or running water . He has n't spoken to them in years and hopes someone will get word to them to try to get to a television to watch their son . It 's fine to cheer for the Americans , but how about a cheer for Marial ? There 's one who deserves to become a star -- and one who should have NBC 's cameras following him . His is not the only fascinating story at these Games . American viewers are interested in the performances of American competitors . There 's nothing wrong with that , and there 's nothing wrong with NBC producers offering profiles , even fawning ones , of the hometown athletes . But the U.S. public is missing out on what truly makes the Olympics special . The only time network viewers hear about other athletes , it seems , is when there are suspicions of doping or other violations , which could potentially help Americans . It would seem the rest of the world is there only to serve as the rivals Americans require to conquer the podium . No question , the United States has brilliant , talented , exciting competitors ; everyone wants to see them . But in hundreds of hours of coverage , there should be room in the spotlight , time in the schedule , for the rest of the world . In NBC 's telling , it 's all about Michael Phelps and Ryan Lochte , about American gymnasts and swimmers , and soon enough about American track stars and , ultimately , about crowning the few who will grace the Wheaties box , who will sell us Subway sandwiches and Gatorade , Nike sneakers and Snickers chocolate bars . It 's about manufacturing heroes because , in a truth we all know , too much of it is about making money . Behind the cynicism and the commercialism , however , the Games really do have the power to inspire . There truly is a history of toil and drama behind every athlete . That 's because the Olympics are full of heroes , but they 're hardly all Americans .  Although a remarkable number of them do make their home in the United States . Every athlete has a story , and there are almost 15,000 athletes at London 2012 . In addition to the rivalries at the pool and the very touching images of U.S. athletes ' parents suffering and celebrating in the stands , we would all gain from hearing more about , say , Tahmina Kohistani , the lone woman in the Afghan delegation , who endured threats and taunts to keep her out of the Games . Because some people in some countries , including hers , are convinced that sports are no place for women . In Afghanistan , people have been killed for helping girls learn to read and write . Kohistani deserves a gold medal just for making it to the Games . Criticism of NBC 's U.S.-centric coverage of the Olympics is nothing new . Overly nationalistic narratives and neglect of non-Americans are chronic problems , which attract attention every time the Olympics roll around . From the veteran sports writer Frank Deford to everyday viewers , many complain . As one blogger says , "  Watching the Olympics in the U.S. is no fun because the only thing you can watch is Americans winning . " American viewers , I have no doubt , would cherish the opportunity to learn more about the first women to compete for Saudi Arabia , Wojdan Ali Seraj Abdulrahim Shahrkhani and Sarah Attar , who represent a country where women are not only banned from participating in sports , they 're even banned from watching sports events in major stadiums . The Olympics would have given NBC an unparalleled chance to receive permission for a glimpse into the secretive North Korea . We could have learned about the mysteries of training in the Hermit Kingdom for the two North Korean medal-winning weightlifters , Kim Un Guk and Om Yun Chol . Learning about how many hundreds of hours Lochte spent at the pool , or how many pairs of shoes he has in his collection is fine . But just think what more we could be discovering . Does it have to be this way ? Is NBC just doing what viewers want ? I do n't think so . I believe Americans would relish the opportunity to find out about many other fascinating individuals competing at the Games . During my days at CNN , politics caused the United States and the Soviet Union to boycott each others ' Olympics . CNN founder Ted Turner , my former boss , decided to create his own Olympics , staging the Goodwill Games over a span of 16 years . CNN producers and camera crews traveled the world to produce profiles of the men and women who would participate in Ted 's most excellent sports adventure . The profiles were unforgettable . Americans may be missing out on some of the best of the Games . Fortunately , the rest of the world is not . As Afghanistan 's Kohistani said , "  there are a lot of Afghan girls and women -LSB- who are -RSB- watching me and they hope that one day they shall be -LSB- in my place -RSB- . And I am going to open a new way for the women of Afghanistan . " One day , perhaps , Americans , too , will have the opportunity to gain inspiration from athletes like her , whose journey deserves more attention , even if she does not compete for the USA . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Olympic coverage in the U.S. understandably focuses on U.S. athletes Ghitis : But fascinating stories , like the Sudanese runner who had been a slave , are missed She says Americans wo n't see the Afghan athlete who endured threats to keep her home Ghitis : In hundreds of hours of coverage , NBC should find time for the rest of the world .
CookingLight.com  -- That bling-worthy lunch tote may pull in the compliments , but sometimes it 's hard to feel the love about what 's inside , particularly if it 's last night 's leftovers . Feeling the urge to dine out instead ? We 've canvassed nutrition numbers at top-selling restaurant chains to zero in on the healthiest options . Our guidelines for good : 600 calories or less ; not more than 6 grams saturated fat  the American Heart Association suggests a daily limit of 17g  and about 900 mg sodium or less . 1 . Pizza From its new "  Lighter Options " line , choose 2 slices of Domino 's medium hand tossed Philly Steak Pizza to deliver some skinny pizza numbers : 400 calories , 14 grams fat  6g sat  , 840mg sodium . Compare this to individual-sized meat-topped pizzas that ring up double the calories , over 40 grams of fat , a day 's worth of saturated fat , and over 2000mg of sodium . Cooking Light : Hot Trend : Restaurant Snack Menus 2 . Asian Skip the Asian buffets featuring fatty , salty entrees and dine on P.F. Chang 's Asian Grilled Salmon Lunch Bowl . This salmon fillet with brown rice sports 320 calories , a skinny five grams of fat  1g sat  and only 570 milligrams of sodium per serving . Round out the meal with a side of garlic snap peas : 64 calories , 2g fat , 107mg sodium .  Note : One dish is two servings  . 3 . Burger Here are some scary stats , one burger at a popular restaurant chain has over 3600mg sodium , 100 grams of fat  43g sat  , and 1400 calories . That does n't even include fries ! Instead , go for a McDonald 's Hamburger at 250 calories , 9 grams of fat  3.5 g sat  and 520 milligrams of sodium . At such low numbers , this burger leaves room for a 20-calorie side salad  add a serving of Newman 's Own Low Fat Balsamic Vinaigrette for only 40 calories if you prefer  and small fry  230 calories , 11 grams fat  1.5 g sat  and 160mg sodium  . 4 . Salad Do n't assume that a salad is an innocent as it sounds . We found a chicken and spinach salad from a popular chain that has over 1600 calories , 110 grams of fat and a days worth of sodium . Our top salad pick is Atlanta Bread Company 's Salsa Fresca Salmon Salad . This corn and black bean salad adds fiber  6 grams  to this 560 calorie main dish salad with an appetite quenching 38 grams of protein , just 4.5 grams of saturated fat and 590 milligrams of sodium . Cooking Light : The Best and Worse Restaurant Salads 5 . Chicken While their menu sports a lot of grilled items , Wendy 's Grilled Chicken Go Wrap is one of the few that 's not as high in sodium . Calories are a mere 260 with 10 grams of fat  3.5 g sat  and 750mg sodium . Add a garden side salad  25 calories , 30mg sodium  and a Mandarin Orange Cup  90 calories , 10 grams of sodium  . Stay away from the competitors ' chicken wraps that sport fried chicken and fatty dressings . 6 . Sandwich Ask for 9-grain wheat bread , lettuce , tomatoes , onions , and green peppers and your tab for a Subway 6-inch Oven Roasted Chicken Sandwich is just 320 calories , 4.5 grams fat  1g sat  and 750mg sodium . Added plus : you 're getting 5 grams of fiber . When choosing a sandwich , do n't be fooled by the "  fresh " moniker at various restaurants , this may be nothing more than an oversized deli sandwich with more fat and calories than a double bacon cheeseburger . 7 . Seafood Cooked with a lemongrass garlic sauce , one serving of P.F. Chang 's Mahi Mahi comes with a side of cilantro rice racking up 420 calories , 17 grams of fat  8g sat  and 605mg sodium , plenty of room to squeeze in a side of vegetables . Watch out for restaurants that offer grilled fish with the intention of being healthy but then pair it with bacon , fatty dressing , and chips .  Note : One dish is two servings  . Cooking Light : Healthy Fast Food Drinks Dining Out Tips Lunching out with an eye toward eating healthy is tricky business . A chain that delivers a lighter lunch is just as likely to dish up unhealthy fare . And salty items are the norm with most sodium tabs hovering close to 2000 milligrams or more . The best strategy : review nutrition charts , either from onsite brochures or online , before you make a choice . Favorite lunch spot not on our list ? Sorry , we had to narrow down our checklist to the top 15 best selling chains . Since some did n't cough up nutrition numbers or were n't open for lunch , we plugged in few staff favorites to round out of our list . For more tips on making healthy taste great , try Cooking Light - CLICK HERE Copyright 2010 Cooking Light magazine . All rights reserved .	Go for a McDonald 's Hamburger at 250 calories , 9 grams of fat Our top salad pick is Atlanta Bread Company 's Salsa Fresca Salmon Salad Wendy 's Grilled Chicken Go Wrap is one of the few that 's not as high in sodium
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A huge trove of artwork from the world 's premier collection of Chinese contemporary art has been donated to a new visual culture museum in Hong Kong . The donation features 1,463 pieces of artwork by 310 artists , including many critically-acclaimed names such as Ai Weiwei , Fang Lijun , Zhang Xiaogang , Gu Wenda , Zeng Fanzhi , and Xu Bing , according to museum authorities . Valued at a total of HK$ 1.3 billion  US$ 167.5 million  by auction house Sotheby 's , the works stem from a celebrated private collection amassed over the past three decades by Uli Sigg , a former Swiss ambassador to China and a renowned art collector . Sigg 's collection is internationally acclaimed not only for being the world 's largest trove of Chinese contemporary art , but also for its comprehensiveness and historical importance in documenting the development of contemporary art in China . "  The period 1979 - 2009 in China is a unique moment in art history . Given both the fact that many works , especially from the first ten years of this period were destroyed due to lack of interest from collectors and institutions , and the subsequent boom in the market for these works , it would be impossible to now build a collection similar in depth , scope and quality , " Lars Nittve , the M + museum 's executive director , said in a statement . "  By joining forces with M + , the art works will ultimately come full circle back to China as I have always hoped they would , " Sigg added . He said his donation is intended to "  enable these artists to have a space within M + where they will communicate with an international audience , and where they will meet with a Chinese public . " The donation , which will form part of M + 's permanent collection , provides a tremendous boost to the yet-as-unbuilt museum , which is intended to be the flagship facility in an ambitious government-led project to create a contemporary arts complex called the West Kowloon Cultural District . The high-profile project has experienced repeated delays , scrapped plans , high staff turnover , and many rounds of public consultations since its announcement in 1998 . Sigg 's contribution is the "  most important development to date for the West Kowloon project , " said Claire Hsu , co-founder and executive director of Asia Art Archive . "  It 's extremely significant in the sense that it 's an encyclopedic collection -- he went about collecting it as if he was an institution as opposed to -LSB- assembling -RSB- a personal collection . " In a talk at the Asia Society in November , Nittve said he was discussing with major Asian art collectors the possibility of donations , given the museum had HK $ 1.7 billion in seed funding -- an amount that would not go far in purchasing top-notch Chinese contemporary art , which has shot up in price in recent years . A Zhang Xiaogang painting set an auction record of HK$ 79 million  US$ 10 million  for Chinese contemporary art in April 2011 . "  It will be wonderful to have such an important collection in a public institution which can properly commit to its display and conservation for generations well beyond ours , " said Yana Peel , a Hong-Kong-based contemporary arts philanthropist and founder of Outset Contemporary Arts Fund . Peel called Sigg 's donation "  transformational for the museum and for our community . " M + has also acquired 47 works from Sigg 's collection for HK$ 177 million  US$ 22.8 million  under a split gift-purchase agreement . The museum is slated to open in 2017 .	Most of world 's premier Chinese contemporary art collection donated to Hong Kong museum Valued at HK$ 1.3 billion  US$ 167.5 million  , donation includes 1,463 artworks by 310 artists Art comes from acclaimed collection of Uli Sigg , a former Swiss ambassador to China
CNN  -- Michelle Timberlake did n't expect to venture into the weekend blizzard that blanketed much of the mid-Atlantic . But the interior designer who normally wears high heels to work found herself running through hip-high snow Saturday morning when about 40 cows escaped from the pasture on her and her husband 's Boyce , Virginia , farm in search of food and shelter . "  This was not what I imagined for myself , " she said Sunday , laughing at the memory . Luckily , the cows were corralled -- thanks to a bale of hay -- and the snow stopped , but not before more than 30 inches had been dumped over two days in parts of the region . Timberlake said she and her neighbors were gearing up for the next weather system , expected to hit the area as early as Tuesday . The National Weather Service is forecasting more than 5 inches of snow and winds up to 25 mph in the Washington and Baltimore , Maryland , areas . "  Everybody 's just trying to clean up and get a little bit ahead of the game before the next round comes , " said Timberlake , whose farm is located about two hours west of Washington . More than 300,000 people from Pennsylvania to Virginia were without electricity Sunday , utility companies said . In many cases , heavy snow brought down power lines . "  I 'm not sure how many people will have their power back on by Super Bowl time , but things are going really well today , " said Joe Gilbert with a Dominion Power crew working Sunday afternoon to restore power to about 3,000 in one McLean , Virginia , neighborhood . "  It 's good weather and we 're making good progress so hopefully everybody 's power will be back on . " Timberlake said homes around the corner from her farm are without power and have been told it wo n't be back on until Friday . "  Since the heavy , wet snow is still bringing trees down , we are still seeing new outages occur , " Allegheny Power said in a statement Sunday . "  Damage assessment is ongoing , but overall estimated times for the restoration of service have not been determined . " The utility company provides electricity to customers in Pennsylvania , Maryland , West Virginia and Virginia . Nearly 135,000 of its customers had no power , the majority of them , or 92,295 , reside in Pennsylvania , the company said . Outages were also reported in Delaware and New Jersey . Residents , businesses and airports were trying to dig out Sunday . Good Samaritans in McLean , Virginia , stopped to help drivers stuck in snow drifts . "  So much for going to the Kennedy Center today , " said one woman behind the wheel of a Mercedes-Benz as about five men shoveled and pushed her car out of deep snow . "  We 're going home . " CNN iReporter Sean Conrad described his town of Rockville , Maryland , Saturday as empty and photos showed streets recognizable only by traffic lights . The city got 25.5 inches . Conrad told CNN that many roads still were covered by snow Sunday , even though snow plows were working 24 hours a day to clear them . Only a few businesses opened Sunday , and those that did operated with skeleton crews , Conrad said . Federal offices in Washington will be closed Monday , though emergency employees still are expected to work , the U.S. Office of Personnel Management said Sunday . Air traffic in Washington picked up slowly Sunday after a day of cancellations . A record 32.4 inches of snow fell on Dulles International Airport over two days , breaking a January 7-8 , 1996 , record of 23.2 inches . The quick-falling flakes forced Dulles and the other two main Washington-Baltimore area airports to cancel all flights Saturday . Dulles reopened Sunday to limited service , according to Rob Yingling , spokesman for Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority . Airport personnel were still removing snow from the Baltimore-Washington International Airport on Sunday , and it remained uncertain when flights would resume , spokesman Jonathan Dean told CNN . Reagan National Airport was still closed early Sunday afternoon as crews continued to plow snow and chip away at 5 inches of ice that developed overnight , Washington Metropolitan Airports Authority spokeswoman Tara Hamilton said . The airport accommodates just under 700 flights a day , she said . Philadelphia International Airport in Pennsylvania racked up 28.5 inches of snow , the National Weather Service . The airport was closed Saturday , but it reopened Sunday and was expected to operate at 60 percent capacity , spokeswoman Victoria Lupica said . Amtrak canceled several trains Sunday after trees and power lines fell onto portions of its tracks , the transit company said . Dozens of Greyhound routes in the Mid-Atlantic states also were canceled , the bus company said on its Web site . And state officials have advised drivers to stay off the roads . CNN 's Sarah Aarthun , Justin Lear , Sarah Lee and Rachel Rodriguez contributed to this report .	NEW : Federal offices in Washington will be closed Monday More than 300,000 from Pennsylvania to Virginia without electricity Sunday morning Dulles Airport resumes some flights ; flights still canceled at Reagan National , BWI 32.4 inches of snow at Dulles breaks old record
Aaron Hernandez 's fiancee pleaded not guilty to perjury on Tuesday , with prosecutors alleging she lied to those looking into the death of Odin Lloyd , whom Hernandez is accused of killing . A lawyer for Shayanna Jenkins strongly denied the claims in a Fall River , Massachusetts , court , saying her client has been "  fully cooperative other than insisting on her Fifth Amendment rights " and received immunity for grand jury testimony . Jenkins is among a handful of people charged as investigators look into Lloyd 's fatal shooting in June . Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to first-degree murder in Lloyd 's death . "  It seems to me that this is overreaching , the indictment is overreaching , the statement by  the prosecutor  is overreaching , and the request for bail is overreaching , " said Jenkins ' lawyer , Janice Bassil . She spoke after Bristol County Assistant District Attorney Patrick Bomberg presented a case against Jenkins . Who was Odin Lloyd ? Among other things , Bomberg alleged Jenkins destroyed evidence -- a box that Hernandez , who until earlier this year was a standout tight end for the New England Patriots , asked her to find in his North Attleborough , Massachusetts , home and "  get rid of . " Jenkins then left her home with a black trash bag and returned sometime later without it , the prosecutor said . "  She told her sister that she was going to the bank , she told her uncle ... she was going to the store , she told the grand jurors that she was going to get baby formula , " Bomberg said . Asked where she did go , the prosecutor said Jenkins told the grand jury she "  did n't know where she went " and she could n't remember what Hernandez asked her to dispose of . Jenkins testified she tossed the trash bag in a Dumpster , though she could n't say where that Dumpster was , Bomberg said . Witness says he was with Hernandez before double homicide Speaking on this point , Jenkins ' lawyer said her client "  received immunity on all of these things they are accusing her of " and , even then , she did n't lie to the grand jury . At that time , Bassil said , Jenkins was subject to "  heavy-handed questioning " during an "  extremely difficult " period when Hernandez , the father of her young child , was under arrest for murder . Bassil described the relationship between Hernandez and Jenkins as "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " "  She could spend her life tracking him down and asking where he was every single minute , or she could choose to say what you do on your own time is your own time , " the lawyer argued . "  If you did n't do this , you did n't do this . I do n't need to know any more detail . " Bomberg , the prosecutor , also said that Jenkins lied to police when she told them Lloyd was a drug dealer . Jenkins "  corrected that in the grand jury " testimony , Bassil said , stating that while she knew Lloyd provided marijuana to Hernandez , "  she had no other evidence " that he dealt drugs . After Tuesday 's hearing , the judge denied the prosecution 's request for $ 5,000 bail and instead released Jenkins on her own recognizance pending trial . The next hearing in her case is set for November 6 .	Shayanna Jenkins , Aaron Hernandez 's fiancee , pleads not guilty to perjury Prosecutors say she was n't truthful on what she did with a bag taken from his house Her lawyer calls prosecution 's case "  overreaching , " notes Jenkins had immunity Hernandez is charged with first-degree murder in Odin Lloyd 's killing
CNN  Pi Day is going to be extra special this year , as 2015 stretches the symbolic March 14 celebration out a little longer to 3.1415 . And if you mark pi at 9:26.53 in the morning or night , you 're just a little more in line with the celebrated irrational number that never ends . To 31 decimal places , pi is 3.1415926535897932384626433832795 . A few more tidbits about pi and Pi Day : About pi Pi is the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter . It 's not equal to the ratio of any two whole numbers , so an approximation -- 22/7 -- is used in many calculations . Pi is essential in architecture and construction and was used frequently by early astronomers . Pi has been known for about 4,000 years , but it started to be called by the Greek letter only in the 1700s . The origin of Pi Day Pi Day started 27 years ago at San Francisco 's Exploratorium . Physicist Larry Shaw , who worked in the electronics group at the museum , started celebrating pi on March 14 , 1988 , primarily with museum staffers . The tradition has grown to embrace math enthusiasts from all walks of life . Celebrations This year , the Exploratorium is hosting a day-long celebration at its facility on Pier 15 , including a Pi Procession , servings of pie and a pizza pie dough-tossing event . Pi Day is also Albert Einstein 's birthday . In Princeton , New Jersey , where Einstein lived for more than two decades , signs of the scientist permeate the Pi Day festivities , from birthday parties at the Historical Society of Princeton to an Einstein lookalike contest . Plus the requisite pie-eating , pie-throwing and pizza pie creation . For more about pi , visit www.piday.org . CNN 's Elizabeth Landau contributed to this report .	Pi Day is celebrated March 14 in honor of the famed irrational number San Francisco 's Exploratorium and Princeton , New Jersey , go all out
PEOPLE.com  -- In 1999 , Heather Donahue was unexpectedly catapulted to stardom as a co-creator and costar of the indie horror film "  The Blair Witch Project " -- who memorably filmed herself crying in terror in the genre-breaking flick . A few short years later , just as unexpectedly , her acting career stalled . And soon she was embarking on the most peculiar of second acts -- that of marijuana grower . "  I took all my stuff into the desert related to my acting career and burned it all , " Donahue , who turns 37 on Thursday , tells the Philadelphia Inquirer . Well , she did spare one thing : the blue ski cap from the "  Blair Witch " poster . "  That 's the only thing I kept , " she says . "  I figured if things got really bad , I could always sell it on eBay . " At the time of "  Blair Witch 's " release , Donahue told PEOPLE that her newfound fame was "  hilarious and overwhelming . " But soon she became disillusioned . "  The acting projects I was lucky enough to work on were n't always things that I felt good about putting out into the world , " she says now in a Q&A on her website . "  I did n't see that getting better as I got older . I wanted to change my life , see what else was out there for me , what else I might become . " She ended up following her then new boyfriend into a strange new life of growing marijuana , mostly for medical purposes -- a journey she relates in her forthcoming memoir , "  GrowGirl : How My Life After The Blair Witch Project Went to Pot . " Donahue ended up living for a year in Nuggettown , California , with a bunch of growers and their "  pot wives , " helping to build grow rooms and tending to the crops . She tells the Inquirer that she was "  always an avid gardener " and quickly fell into a routine , becoming "  a solitary country girl " after her years in the fast lane in L.A. . She gave up growing pot after deciding to write about it -- and after a friend got busted by the feds . Donahue , who is now on a book tour , is torn about whether marijuana should be legalized . On the one hand , she 's worried that corporations might run over the mom-and-pop growers . But at the same time , she thinks it 's foolish to outlaw it . "  Cannabis has been intertwined with human culture for thousands of years , " she says on her website . "  It 's here to stay as medicine , as an industry , and as a component of the culture . The idea that such a hearty , useful plant could be legislated out of existence seems pretty foolish , especially in retrospect . " See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Heather Donahue memorably filmed herself crying in terror in "  The Blair Witch Project " She quit acting and followed her then boyfriend into a new life of growing marijuana Donahue ended up living for a year in Nuggettown , California
Naoma , West Virginia  CNN  -- Crews planned to pump nitrogen into a West Virginia coal mine as the search resumed early Friday for four miners who may be trapped after a deadly explosion earlier in the week . Kevin Stricklin of the U.S. Mine Safety and Health Administration  MSHA  said crews would neutralize potentially explosive air in the Upper Big Branch coal mine with nitrogen , allowing rescuers to go back in and remain there even if an explosive mixture builds again in the air . The hope , though slim , is that the four missing miners were able to survive by entering one of the chambers , which were stocked with enough food , water and air to keep 15 miners alive for four days . "  We committed to the families that we wanted to get into the chambers within 96 hours and we 're trying to everything in our power to do that without taking a chance on the rescue teams , and I think this is the way to do it , " Stricklin said . Officials said the rescue teams will make "  a mad dash " to one of the mine 's two airtight rescue chambers . "  The rescue teams have taken four breathing apparatuses with them , " Stricklin said . "  In the best case scenario , we would find four survivors . Once they get in there , we 'll put oxygen masks on the survivors and bring them out . " At least 25 miners died in Monday afternoon 's explosion in West Virginia , while four others remain missing and two were injured . Rescuers -- 32 of them working in four teams -- got within 500 feet of one of the rescue chambers before having to turn back Thursday , said J. Christopher Adkins , chief operating officer of Massey Energy , the mine 's owner . They were pulled back after it was determined that noxious gas levels were high enough to cause another blast . The readings showed potentially explosive levels of methane and hydrogen and high levels of carbon monoxide . Stricklin said air samples were tested at regular intervals Thursday night and that rising barometric pressure in the wake of a cold front that moved through the region had helped reduce the chances of another blast . Rescuers had been using high-pressure fans to pull the toxic air through 1,100-foot holes to the surface Thursday . One of the four unaccounted-for miners and 18 of the dead were working in an area where longwall cutting was taking place . The technique uses a large grinder to extract the coal . It creates large amounts of coal dust and methane , both of which are explosive . The other three missing miners are believed to be about 2,000 feet away in a new development area of the mine . Authorities have acknowledged it is unlikely the four missing men are alive , but they refuse to give up hope . Officials hope to determine whether either rescue chamber has deployed by lowering a camera through the second hole . "  If they 're deployed , more than likely someone 's in them , " said West Virginia Gov. Joe Manchin said . "  That means we have a chance of that miracle . " But he added : "  If they 're not deployed , we know that our chances are diminished tremendously . " In an interview with CNN , Manchin noted that the mine was outfitted with gas sensors to alert mine personnel when levels become danger . "  In gaseous mines , you want to monitor and you want to have good ventilation , " he said . "  If that has worked before , whenever the levels got out of control they pulled them out and stopped , why did it not happen this time ? " The cause of the explosion is unknown , and state and federal officials have pledged a full investigation . The White House announced Thursday that President Obama will meet next week with Secretary of Labor Hilda Solis and an MSHA official to hear their initial assessment of the cause of the blast and their recommendations on steps the federal government should take to improve safety . CNN 's Rachel Streitfeld and Samira J. Simone contributed to this report .	NEW : Crews to pump nitrogen in West Virginia coal mine to flush out toxic gas Rescuers hold onto hope of finding four miners trapped in blast Cause of Monday 's explosion unknown ; state and federal officials plan full investigation
CNN  -- Everything Kim Dotcom does is mega . He 's a mountain of a man with an imposing multi-million dollar fortune , amassed through a series of Internet ventures , which is now being spent on ambitious bid to unseat the current New Zealand prime minister . Dotcom 's story starts in 1974 , when he was born Kim Schmitz in Germany . He first attracted the attention of authorities in his early 20s when he was convicted of a number of offenses , including computer fraud . He 's now wanted by the U.S. for alleged copyright infringement on a grand scale . According to indictment filed in 2012 , Dotcom -- who legally changed his name -- and six associates are accused of being members of "  a worldwide criminal enterprise " dubbed the "  Mega Conspiracy . " OPINION : Dotcom : Why New Zealand is a slave to U.S. interests The allegations Through a number of websites , including cloud storage company Megaupload , they 're accused of reproducing and distributing copies of copyright works including "  motion pictures , television programs , musical recordings , electronic books , images , video games , and other computer software . " The enterprise is estimated to have made $ 175 million , and deprived copyright owners , including Hollywood production houses , of more than $ 500 million in revenue , according to the U.S. Department of Justice . Dotcom maintains Megaupload was merely a file storage site , and the company should not be held responsible for the content users were uploading . "  I should never have been charged criminally for a civil case . The charges are outrageous and wrong . The case against me is a contract prosecution for Hollywood , " he told CNN . ` Hollywood ' raid In January 2012 , New Zealand police , acting in conjunction with the FBI and U.S. Department of Justice , launched a Hollywood-worthy raid on the sprawling property Dotcom was leasing in Auckland , New Zealand . According to a New Zealand police statement , officers swooped on "  Dotcom Mansion " in two marked helicopters , and had to cut their way into a safe room where the multi-millionaire had taken refuge -- a version of events that was later contested in court . Dotcom has called the raid "  needlessly theatrical " and a further attempt by U.S. authorities to smear his image . He and three associates were arrested and are all still fighting efforts to return them to the U.S. . The next hearing is scheduled for early 2015 . READ MORE : New Zealand 's dirty election Lavish lifestyle During the raid , officers seized 18 luxury vehicles , including "  several top end Mercedes , a Rolls Royce Phantom Drophead Coupe and a 1959 pink Cadillac , " the police statement said , adding to the image cultivated by Dotcom of being a big-spending lover of luxury . The estate he was leasing and later bought -- one of the most expensive in New Zealand -- is a monument to wealth . According to a journalist who visited the property in 2012 , it was a "  $ 24 million suburban castle with ponds , a tennis court , several pools , a Vegas-style stairstep fountain , and a hedgerow labyrinth . " On his Twitter profile , Dotcom describes himself as an "  entrepreneur , innovator , gamer , artist , fighter , father of five . " This year he separated from his wife of five years , Mona Dotcom , who was recently photographed in an Auckland nightclub with Prime Minister John Key 's 19-year-old son , Max . She told the New Zealand Herald that the teenager happened to be at the same club . "  I did n't know him and had never met him before . He 's kind , and we had a fun night together , " she said . On Wednesday , Dotcom tweeted to his 366,000 followers : "  Mona Dotcom parties with John Key 's son . Can my life get more bizarre ? Where 's the guy who says "  You 've been punk 'd ? " Anti-establishment The 2012 raid on Dotcom 's property set off a wave of legal proceedings , pitting the entrepreneur against New Zealand authorities , who had responded to a U.S. call for help to find the alleged fugitive . At issue was the legality of police search warrants and the FBI 's seizure of electronic information . This year , a New Zealand appeals court ruled the raid was legal , however the seizure of electronic data was not . Months after the raid , an investigation by the Inspector-General of Intelligence found that the nation 's spy agency -- the Government Communications Security Bureau  GCSB  -- had conducted illegal surveillance on Dotcom before officers moved in . At the time of the raid , the GCSB only had jurisdiction over foreign nationals ; Dotcom was granted residency in 2010 and should have been protected , the prime minister said in a public apology . "  I apologise to Mr Dotcom , I apologise to New Zealanders because every New Zealander that sits within the category of having permanent residency or is a New Zealand citizen is entitled to be protected from the law when it comes to the GCSB , and we failed to provide that appropriate protection for him , " Key said . The law has since been changed to make such surveillance legal , a development which has , in part , prompted Dotcom to join the political realm . The Internet Party Earlier this year , Dotcom launched his own political party , the Internet Party , which aims to "  modernize New Zealand , give the Internet generation a voice in politics , become a leader in the Internet economy and fight for Internet Freedom , " he said . It 's teamed up with Maori nationalist campaigners , the Mana Party , to contest the national election on September 20 . Because he 's not a citizen , Dotcom ca n't stand as a candidate but he 's put his financial clout -- some $ 4.5 million -- behind what some see as an unlikely coalition in attempt to chip away at Key 's political power . In an opinion piece for CNN.com , Dotcom said under Key 's leadership , the country had "  quietly morphed into the political equivalent of an American slave , responding more readily to the interests that motivate the United States than to the concerns of Kiwis . " On Monday -- five days before the vote -- Dotcom has promised to reveal potentially damaging information on Key and the country 's role in international surveillance . However , he said he 's not confident the revelations will dent Key 's popularity . For his part , Key has said he 's "  not losing any sleep " over potential revelations from his new political rival . New Zealand can decide for itself on Monday , when Dotcom is scheduled to address the media . Whatever the reaction , it is clear Dotcom intends to remain a thorn in the side of the New Zealand government for some time to come . READ MORE : ` House of Cards ' in the South Pacific	Entrepreneur wanted on U.S. copyright charges emerges as political player in New Zealand Kim Dotcom is accused of making millions by encouraging users to upload copyrighted material Charges relate to the Megaupload site , among others , according to a 2012 indictment He lives in Auckland , and formed a political party to campaign for Internet freedom
CNN  -- UEFA have rejected Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp 's call for artificial pitches to be banned after his side lost 3-2 to Young Boys in the Champions League playoffs . Redknapp was scathing about the plastic surface in Switzerland and said he was forced to rest several of his players due to their concerns about picking up injuries on the hard ground . Tottenham struggled to adjust to the pace of the pitch and the English Premier League side conceded three goals in a nightmare first 28 minutes of the match . Goals from Cameroon defender Sebastian Bassong and Russian striker Roman Pavlyuchenko brought Spurs back into the game but Jermain Defoe was forced off with a groin injury . Redknapp later called for the astroturf pitch to be banned for the Champions League -- a suggestion that UEFA swiftly rebuffed . A spokesman told CNN : "  All stadiums are inspected several times before a match to make sure the pitch , among others , complies with the enclosed regulations , would it be a natural or artificial turf . "  UEFA 's regulations state that only the final of the Champions League must be played on grass . " Tottenham 's narrow defeat means they should still be favorites for the return leg at White Hart Lane next week , but after the match Redknapp called for a change to the rules . "  I could n't say it 's a preferred surface , " Redknapp told reporters . "  It 's a good pitch but you have to get used to playing on it . It 's not an excuse . "  I played on astroturf and hated every minute of it . We had it at QPR but we do n't have it any more in England and personally I do n't agree with it and I do n't think astroturf should be used in a competition like this . "  I had a nasty feeling . I kept looking at the players training on the pitch and they did n't look happy . I had four players out because they were n't comfortable on the pitch in training . "  Aaron Lennon was n't comfortable , Robbie Keane had a problem with his knee and Tom Huddlestone , the last time he played on astroturf he was out for six weeks . " Article 13.08 of UEFA 's Champions League regulations states : "  With the exception of the final which must be played on natural turf , matches in the competition may be played on artificial turf in accordance with the UEFA Stadium Infrastructure Regulations and provided that such artificial turf meets the FIFA Recommended 2-Star Standard . "	UEFA rejects Tottenham 's call for a ban on artificial pitches Tottenham lost 3-2 to Young Boys in Champions League playoff Spurs manager Harry Redknapp criticized plastic pitch at Stade de Suisse UEFA says only the final must be played on a grass surface
CNN  -- Federal authorities began closing portions of central Louisiana 's Morganza Spillway as the swollen Mississippi River receded Wednesday , reducing the need to divert water down another waterway . The Army Corps of Engineers announced Wednesday that it already had closed three of the 17 open bays at the Morganza Spillway , which was opened May 14 to prevent the Mississippi from flooding New Orleans and Baton Rouge . The Corps said much as 1.2 million gallons  172,000 cubic feet  per second had been pouring through the spillway , which diverted water through the Atchafalaya River basin to the Gulf of Mexico west of New Orleans . The resulting high water has caused some flooding down the Atchafalaya . But the water levels "  continue to be lower than anticipated " throughout the basin , Corps spokesman Ken Holder said in a statement announcing the decision . The river remained about four feet above flood stage Wednesday night at Bayou Sorrel and about 7 feet over flood stage at Morgan City , on the approaches to the Gulf . But it was more than five feet lower at the town of Krotz Springs and about two feet below flood stage at Butte LaRose , about 20 miles south of the spillway . Rising water levels forced Louisiana authorities to halt boat traffic down a four-mile stretch of the Atchafalaya around the town of Butte LaRose starting Thursday , since the surface of the river had climbed to within seven feet of high-voltage power lines , the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries announced . The 125-bay Morganza Spillway was last opened during a 1973 flood .	The spillway was opened May 14 to head off flooding in southern Louisiana The move diverted water down the Atchafalaya River basin to the Gulf of Mexico Three of the spillway 's 17 opened bays had been closed by Wednesday
CNN  -- President Barack Obama congratulated Michael Sam on Saturday for being the first openly gay football player taken in the National Football League draft , the White House said in a statement . "  From the playing field to the corporate boardroom , LGBT Americans prove everyday that you should be judged by what you do and not who you are , " Obama said . He also congratulated the NFL and the St. Louis Rams , the team that drafted Sam . Sam , an All-American defensive end who played for the University of Missouri , made history when he was picked by the Rams in the seventh and final round . He was the 249th of 256 players selected . The 24-year-old got the news by telephone from Rams ' coach Jeff Fisher , who told Sam : "  You are a Ram . The wait is finally over . " Sam , who was filmed by ESPN as he got the call , broke down in tears and kissed his boyfriend . "  Thank you , " he could be heard saying to Fisher . Later , Sam took to Twitter to post a picture of himself , smiling . "  Thank you to the St. Louis Rams and the whole city of St. Louis , " he said in the post . "  I 'm using every  ounce  of this to achieve greatness !! " See Sam 's reaction St. Louis is only a two-hour drive from Columbia , home of the University of Missouri , where Sam starred . Besides being a first-team All-American , the 6-foot-2 , 260-pounder was named the co-defensive player of the year in the Southeastern Conference , widely considered college football 's best league . His fellow Tigers named him the team 's most valuable player . With those credentials , Sam was expected to be selected , but as the three-day draft wore on , there were questions whether he would . Fisher told ESPN that Sam was a player who was rated by the team as going much higher in the draft . "  We were n't going to miss the opportunity to add an outstanding player to our roster , " he said . In February , Sam came out in interviews with ESPN and The New York Times , a decision that raised questions about whether he had damaged his chances to play in the NFL . "  I came to tell the world I 'm an openly proud gay man , " he said in an interview with ESPN . Sam said he told his Missouri teammates in August and suffered no repercussions . He said he was surprised to discover many people in the media already knew he was gay . "  I understand how big this is , " Sam said in the ESPN interview . "  It 's a big deal . No one has done this before . And it 's kind of a nervous process , but I know what I want to be ... I want to be a football player in the NFL . " Sam also spoke about his sexual orientation to The New York Times , saying : "  I just want to make sure I could tell my story the way I want to tell it . I just want to own my truth . " At the start of the draft on Thursday , it appeared it was also on Sam 's mind . "  No matter what happen  s  these next few days , I will always cherish moments like this !!! , " he said in a post on Twitter . Sam 's draft was viewed as a barometer of whether the NFL was ready to accept an openly gay player . His selection is viewed as a bright spot for a league that has faced a host of criticism in recent months , from questions about the lack of minorities promoted to the number of players arrested for bad behavior . "  I think this is a good day , against the backdrop of what has happened in the NBA recently , " Margaret Hoover , a political commentator and gay rights activist , told CNN . The NFL Players Association also weighed in on Sam 's good news . "  We wish him the best of luck as we do all of the 2014 NFL Draft class , " said George Atallah , the association 's assistant executive director of external affairs . Other athletes have come out as gay , but they did n't have Sam 's profile . Among them are the NBA 's Jason Collins , the WNBA 's Brittney Griner , WWE 's Darren Young , UFC 's Liz Carmouche , MMA 's Fallon Fox and Major League Soccer 's Robbie Rogers . Of those athletes , Collins made the biggest media splash . "  I think it 's great . I 'm looking forward to seeing him play , " Collins , who plays for the Brooklyn Nets , told ESPN after the draft pick was announced . The road to football stardom was not an easy one for Sam , who graduated from Missouri in December . One of eight children , he grew up in Hitchcock , Texas , where he was raised primarily by his mother . At one point , he has said , he lived out of his mother 's car and briefly stayed with another family . Three of Sam 's siblings have died , including an older brother he saw die from a gunshot wound . Two of his brothers are serving prison sentences . Complete coverage : Rams pick Michael Sam NFL draft winners and losers CNN 's Azadeh Ansari and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Obama also congratulated the NFL Sam was drafted by the St. Louis Rams in the 7th round Sam played defensive end for the University of Missouri He came out in February , telling ESPN : "  I 'm an openly proud gay man "
CNN  -- Jakadrien Turner 's lies last year to authorities in Texas -- including adopting an alter ego and claiming she was from Colombia -- set off a harrowing journey that , according to posts on a Facebook page featuring photographs of her , she seemed to later regret . By Friday , the troubled teenager was finally back in the United States , after being arrested and then deported to a country that she 'd never been in before . It was a months-long escapade that has her family asking questions about how she got to the South American nation and what happened to her while there . Jakadrien 's journey began April 2 , 2011 , in a Houston , Texas , shopping mall where the 15-year-old was arrested for shoplifting a white shirt , black vest and jeans . It was a petty crime that turned out to be the first step in her changing her identity . Houston police , according to documents obtained by CNN , show that Turner told authorities that her name was 21-year-old Tika Lanay Cortez and that she was a citizen of Colombia . She listed her address as a home just north of downtown Houston . A judge assigned Houston attorney William McLellan to represent the woman then known as Tika Cortez on the misdemeanor theft charge . The case was resolved in one day , after she pleaded guilty and was sentenced to time served . She was then handed over to Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents . Deported Texas teen arrives back in U.S. McLellan said he never saw any signs that his client was a teenage runaway from Dallas , and not from Colombia as she indicated . "  She did n't make any attempts and cry out that I 'm not an illegal immigrant or anything like that , " McLellan told CNN . "  You would remember someone saying that 's not me . " The lawyer said , eight months later , he now believes "  she knew what she was doing " -- even if he is hard-pressed to explain why . Whatever her thinking , Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents say Jakadrien Turner continued to play the role of "  Tika Cortez " during the next two months . Federal immigration officials say they 're "  still investigating this matter in order to expeditiously determine the facts of this case . " The attorney representing the Turner family said that the U.S. government is to blame , not the girl , for her deportation . "  I do n't buy that she had the wherewithal to be able to bamboozle the government , " Ray Jackson says . "  You know , kids are scared when they get around authorities . ... To think that you could bamboozle them to create a new identity , it just does n't make sense . " A U.S. immigration official -- who was not able to speak for attribution , because the investigation is ongoing -- said that that the girl then known as Tika Cortez waived her right to an immigration attorney and did not fight deportation proceedings . According to U.S. immigration officials , they 'd never come across anyone by the name Tika Cortez . Her fingerprints did not match anyone in law enforcement databases , nor was there a match for the name Jakadrien Turner . And the background check "  revealed no information to invalidate her claims , " the officials said . Colombian government officials then interviewed Jakadrien and issued her the needed travel documents and "  full Colombian citizenship , " according to the U.S. immigration officials . That meant that , six months after running away from her Dallas home , the 15-year-old girl was on her way to Colombia -- for the first time in her life . She arrived in Bogota on May 23 , according to the Colombian government . What exactly happened , once she arrived in the South American nation , is unclear . Dana Ames has been advising the Turner family in the search for Jakadrien for almost a year in her capacity as the director of the United Response Search and Rescue Team , a non-profit agency that helps families find missing loved ones . She and members of Jakadrien 's family say that various internet postings they discovered show that two Colombian men befriended the runaway teenager and they spent a lot of time together during her time in Houston . "  So you think it 's a coincidence she came up with a Colombian name and said she was from Colombia ? " said Ames . "  Otherwise she is absolutely the smartest , most creative 15-year-old child I know of . I ca n't wrap my brain around the idea that she did this all on her own . " After arriving in Colombia , a Facebook page and Twitter feed arose tied to someone using her adopted moniker , Tika Cortez . If the postings were indeed written by the runaway teen , they offer a glimpse into the tormented troubles of a lost teenager . The writer claims to be from Bridgetown , Barbados , and studied at Texas Southern University , neither of which are true of Jakadrien Turner . The writings also indicate that their author spent some time working in a telephone call center and as a maid in Bogota . But the most dominant theme of the Facebook posts , which went up between June and November of last year , is that the person identified as Tika Cortez is "  BORED AS HELL . " The writer also talks about smoking marijuana and being part of tortured and volatile relationships . A couple of times , the writer references her life back in the United States including : -- On May 25 : "  back home in Colombia got deported . . . really missed everyone in Houston ... " -- On August 12 : "  well was in jail , now I 'm free man am still feel like I 'm loke up in this country ... " -- And on June 30 : "  I 'm having to many problems in mi life , just found out I ca n't even go bak to the states in another 5 years ... " Only once does the writer appear to cryptically allude to the journey that landed her in Colombia . That came on a July 28 Facebook post that reads , "  I 'm f**king tired I just want a f**king time machine , and rewind all the bull ** it I did wrong man OMG . . I 'm never going to be happy here . " The tone is far different in a more recent post from October , one month before Colombian authorities took Jakadrien into custody . It includes a series of pictures uploaded under the banner , "  familia , me happy 4 once in the mountains . " For Jakadrien Turner 's grandmother , who spent months monitoring these Facebook postings , this was difficult to read . Still , she told CNN that , despite it all , she is grateful that her granddaughter is alive . "  I always feared she would be killed , " Lorene Turner said . Now , the teenage girl is back home in Texas -- alive in a place she has n't been in over a year , near her family .	Jakadrien Turner told police that she was from Colombia after being arrested She created an alter ego and did n't fight her deportation , a U.S. official says In fact , she was a 15-year-old runaway teenager from Dallas
CNN  -- In Madrid , all the talk is about "  La Decima " . In London , all the talk was about the "  Special One " . Tonight , after a performance which helped to write another chapter in one of the season 's most romantic fairy tales , Atletico Madrid allowed itself to dream of its own special one -- La Primera -- the first . Atletico , for so long a club living in the shadow of city rival Real , has the opportunity to make history not just at home but also on the European stage . A convincing 3-1 win over Chelsea at Stamford Bridge secured a place in the Champions League final and allowed the dream of a league and European double to prosper . This Atletico team has guts , resilience and an indefatigable spirit -- but what it also has , in abundance , is quality . Trailing to Fernando Torres ' strike , Atletico offered a brutal riposte with Adrian Lopez leveling before Diego Costa and Arda Turan applied the finishing touches . Four points clear at the top of La Liga with three games remaining and a clash with Real to decide the destiny of the Champions League trophy to come in Lisbon on May 24 , this is turning out to be some season for Atletico . "  It 's a dream , " Atletico midfielder Tiago told Sky Sports . "  We have a great spirit , we are a great team , we all work together , now we are in the final in Lisbon , the dreams can be true . "  It is not easy to play here , we know that . But we knew Chelsea had to play more . "  We know we are very good away from home . After our goal Chelsea went down a bit , but we were confident and now we are there . "  We know Real Madrid is a fantastic team with great players . They can win the game in any action but we are there . Last year we won the Cup in their stadium so we are confident . " Not since 1996 has Los Rojiblancos won the domestic title but managed by Diego Simeone , who was part of that team 18 years ago , it now stands on the brink of history . Simeone , who presides over a budget nearly five times smaller than Real , has worked wonders but perhaps even would not have expected his players to record such an impressive victory . To score three goals away from home in European competition is a marked achievement , but to do so against Chelsea , a team whose defense has been so miserly in the competition , is staggering . Chelsea , derided for its defensive tactics and considered an "  enemy of football " by some because of its negative approach , has already answered its critics on numerous occasions this season . A fine victory at Liverpool on Sunday proved once again that Mourinho 's tactics , however unpalatable , gain results . But on this occasion , the solidity and cohesion which had caused such frustration in Madrid last week , was missing . The dour goalless draw in the opening leg led to plenty of accusations that Chelsea had not attempted to win the game but simply stifle Atletico . There is no doubt that Mourinho has been hurt by the criticism and hit back at his detractors by claiming that "  at this moment , football is full of philosophers . " While everybody appears to have an opinion on Chelsea 's defensive approach , Mourinho sticks to the belief which has made him a serial winner -- winning at all costs . The prospect of facing his former employer , Real Madrid , in the final added another subplot to an already intriguing tie . Eden Hazard , back from injury , was restored to the side , and Chelsea , often so adroit at scraping through tight contests , appeared confident . Yet it was the visitors who began the brighter of the two . Atletico , on the brink of the domestic title and chasing a place in the final for the first time in 40 years , played with a sense of purpose and came within inches of taking an early lead . Koke , influential throughout , aimed what looked like a cross towards goal only for the ball to sail over Chelsea goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer and smash against the crossbar . Chelsea responded with David Luiz 's overhead kick sailing just wide of the far post as the home side stepped up the pressure . And with 11 minutes of the first half remaining , the home side finally made the breakthrough . Willian escaped his marker on the right before finding Cesar Azpilicueta , who in turn found Torres to fire home from inside the penalty area . Torres , who began his career at Atletico and scored 84 goals in 214 games for the club before moving to Liverpool in 2007 , refused to celebrate but that gesture did not detract from the significance of the strike . Buoyed by the goal , Chelsea began to take control and with its resilient defense holding Atletico comfortably , the visitors appeared rattled . But with just a minute of the opening period remaining , the game was turned on its head . Tiago , once of Chelsea , picked out Juanfran at the far post and when he crossed the ball into the penalty area , Lopez was on hand to steer the ball home . Mourinho 's defense , such an integral part of his side 's success , appeared brittle for the first time in the competition and it never really recovered . Within minutes of the restart , Schwarzer was forced to produce a fine save to deny Turan after the Atletico midfielder had found space inside the penalty area . While Schwarzer performed heroics at one end , Thibaut Courtois , on loan from Chelsea , did similar at the other . John Terry 's powerful header looked certain to find the net but Courtois produced an astonishing stop to deny the Chelsea captain . That save appeared to change the momentum of the contest and slowly but surely , Atletico began to turn the screw . With an hour of the game gone , Atletico finally struck and grabbed the initiative . Diego Costa , a man constantly linked with a move to Chelsea , was fouled inside the penalty area by Samuel Eto'o . The Spain striker , who endured a nervous wait to take the spot kick after the ball failed to settle on the spot , fired home emphatically to put his side within touching distance of glory . An eerie silence engulfed Stamford Bridge and but for a few thousand Spaniards clad in red and white , a sense of hopelessness began to emanate . Chelsea , to its credit , refused to give up the fight and came perilously close to equalizing within five minutes . Willian 's exquisite free kick caused panic in the Atletico defense and Luiz sent a header crashing against the post when the ball seemed destined for the net . Chelsea , by now beginning to look ragged and forlorn , strained every sinew in an attempt to gain some sort of foothold to launch a comeback . But as the home side pushed forward , Atletico countered and in doing so , swiftly put the tie beyond Chelsea 's reach . Once again , a wonderful switch of play caught Chelsea sleeping and after sending a powerful header against the crossbar from Juanfran 's cross , Arda tucked away the rebound from his own effort . That strike sent Simeone down the touchline dancing a jig of delight a la Mourinho all those years ago . It is a jig he will hope to dance again in Lisbon with the whole world watching .	Atletico Madrid will play Real Madrid in Champions League final Atletico defeated Chelsea 3-1 at Stamford Bridge Two teams drew 0-0 in first leg last week Adrian Lopez , Diego Costa and Arda Turan on target
CNN  -- Venezuela is deploying some 15,000 troops to its borders to combat drug trafficking , the country 's defense minister says . Operation Sentinel , as it is called , will send troops to the frontiers with Colombia , Brazil and Guyana , the state-run AVN news agency reported Friday . The goal of the operation is to find and dismantle laboratories where illegal drugs are produced , and to root out traffickers , Defense Minister Gen. Henry Rangel Silva said . "  We will carry out intelligence work and patrols to detect the possible camps for processing drugs , " he said , according to AVN . The announcement by Rangel is notable because the United States considers him involved in the drug trade , too . The United States added Rangel to its kingpin list in 2008 , alleging he provided support to the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , commonly known as the FARC . A statement from the Treasury Department at the time said the general "  materially assisted the narcotics trafficking activities of the FARC " and pushed for more cooperation between the Venezuelan government and the leftist rebels . After coming to power , Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez ended his nation 's cooperation with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration . Since then , the United States has criticized Venezuela 's efforts against drug trafficking , while Venezuela touts what it has achieved without the Americans ' help . Rangel said that the operation , which already has about 150 border outposts , has already shown positive results .	Venezuela will send 15,000 troops to bolster border security The operation has already shown results , says the defense minister Defense Minister Rangel has been labeled a kingpin by the United States
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A car exploded in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv on Thursday , but police say they do n't think the blast was terror-related . The explosion occurred near a bus , and four people were injured by glass and shrapnel Police say they believe the strike was an assassination attempt related to organized crime . Investigators want to know whether an explosive was planted in or thrown at the car , which could be seen engulfed in flames on Israeli TV . They are searching for a motorbike in connection with the incident . Read more : Arrest announced in Tel Aviv bus bombing Two months ago , a bus was bombed in Tel Aviv , a strike that wounded 24 people and that police regard as a terror attack . An Arab-Israeli was arrested in connection with the blast . Police said the attacker was carrying out orders from Hamas and Islamic Jihad . Read more : Egyptian activist blogger takes message of peace to Israel	NEW : Four people were injured , police said The blast occurred near a bus in Tel Aviv Police are searching for a motorbike
CNN  -- Leaking gas was likely to blame for an explosion that killed at least 12 people , injured 60 more and brought down part of a building in Argentina on Tuesday , state media reported Wednesday . A man who was working at the scene in the city of Rosario before the blast ignited at 9:15 a.m. local time has been taken into custody , said the Telam news agency , which cited investigator Juan Curto . The explosion gutted one multi-story residential building , and destroyed at least one other building next to it , while blowing out the windows of surrounding structures , images broadcast by CNN affiliate Canal 9 showed . A swath of white smoke and dust dominated the skyline of the city , located about 200 miles northwest of the capital , Buenos Aires . Firefighters swung extended ladders around to upper balconies and windows to rescue residents stranded on top floors . Rubble and shards of glass filled the streets below , as fire engines arrived Tuesday to douse the blaze , and medical teams tended to bleeding victims . Rescuers are still searching for over a dozen people who were in the residential building at the time of the blast , local newspaper Clarin reported . CNN 's Ben Brumfield wrote in Atlanta	Leaking gas is likely to blame , authorities say A man working at the site in Rosario before the blast ignited is taken into custody A swath of white smoke hangs over the city , located about 200 miles from Buenos Aires Rescuers are searching for over a dozen missing people , local newspaper Clarin reports
After 37 years , Exodus International , an organization whose mission was to "  help " gay Christians become straight , is shutting down . But not before issuing an apology . "  We 're not negating the ways God used Exodus to positively affect thousands of people , but a new generation of Christians is looking for change -- and they want to be heard , " Tony Moore , an Exodus board member , said Wednesday . The announcement comes less than a day after Exodus issued a wide-ranging apology to the gay community for "  years of undue judgment by the organization and the Christian Church as a whole , " a statement from the group says . "  Exodus is an institution in the conservative Christian world , but we 've ceased to be a living , breathing organism , " said Alan Chambers , the president of Exodus . "  For quite some time , we 've been imprisoned in a worldview that 's neither honoring toward our fellow human beings , nor biblical . " Chambers , who has a wife and children and previously identified as gay , has acknowledged that he has "  ongoing same-sex attractions . " Granderson : Oops , I left my sexual orientation at home "  It is strange to be someone who has both been hurt by the Church 's treatment of the LGBTQ community , and also to be someone who must apologize for being part of the very system of ignorance that perpetuated that hurt , " Chambers said . "  Today it is as if I 've just woken up to a greater sense of how painful it is to be a sinner in the hands of an angry church . " LGBTQ stands for lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender and questioning . California law banning gay ` conversion therapy ' put on hold New focus on a therapy Exodus , which has promoted "  freedom from homosexuality through the power of Jesus Christ , " has de-emphasized conversion therapy in recent years as more of the counselors in its network have abandoned the practice . The American Psychological Association defines conversion therapy as aimed at changing sexual orientation , but adopted a resolution in 2009 condemning the practice . In it , the organization said "  mental health professionals should avoid telling clients that they can change their sexual orientation through therapy or other treatments . " But the same resolution also encouraged therapists to consider the religious beliefs of clients who say such beliefs are important to their views of homosexuality . The American Psychiatric Association removed homosexuality from its Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders in 1975 . But yet with the apology , some things have not changed , according to Chambers . "  I can not apologize for my deeply held biblical beliefs about the boundaries I see in scripture surrounding sex , but I will exercise my beliefs with great care and respect for those who do not share them , " he said . "  I can not apologize for my beliefs about marriage . But I do not have any desire to fight you on your beliefs or the rights that you seek . " Conversion therapist : Lawsuit wo n't stop us A new ministry With the closing of Exodus International , the board of directors voted to begin a new and separate ministry called Reduce Fear . "  This is a new season of ministry , to a new generation , " Chambers said . "  Our goals are to reduce fear , and come alongside churches to become safe , welcoming and mutually transforming communities . " It 's meant to align with Jesus ' New Testament message found in John 13:34 -- "  A new command I give you : Love one another . As I have loved you , so you must love one another . " "  From a Judeo-Christian perspective , gay , straight or otherwise , we 're all prodigal sons and daughters , " Chambers said . "  Exodus International is the prodigal 's older brother , trying to impose its will on God 's promises , and make judgments on who 's worthy of His Kingdom . "  God is calling us to be the Father -- to welcome everyone , to love unhindered . " Gay men sue counselors who promised to make them straight	Exodus International promoted "  freedom from homosexuality " through "  power of Jesus Christ " I 'm sorry for "  being part of the very system of ignorance that perpetuated " hurt , leader says Apology : Gay community has been subjected to "  years of undue judgment " by the group The Exodus board of directors votes to launch a new ministry called Reduce Fear
CNN  -- A year after leaving Syria , and I had almost forgotten how it feels to be under pressure and terrified all the time . How so easily you can become one of the nameless victims , considered lucky if you were even counted among the dead . But a year after fleeing from the civil war , I have come back -- to a place dominated by fear and chaos , one governed by the force of arms and of bombs . Why did I choose to come back to all this ? The main reason is professional -- I am now working for Save the Children . But there is another reason -- a desire to see the country I left 12 months ago , and to see the situation and devastation through my own eyes , not through the filter of the media . Like most of my Syrian colleagues , I was n't an aid worker before the conflict . This is a new field of work for many of us , but in it I feel that I have a responsibility to those Syrians who are trapped inside this never-ending conflict . Each time I interview a child or a mother , I have a responsibility to share their story and ensure the world does not forget them . Before I came back , I thought that perhaps people would n't want to speak to me -- that they would be scared to share their experiences . But actually , everyone was just relieved that there were people outside Syria who still cared . On my first day I was on the border , and stretched out before me I could see camps filled with tents and thousands of displaced people . I can not imagine how these families are coping in these conditions , families like mine who are now collecting water in a jerry can and relying on food rations . And then I started to notice other things , smaller details that show how much life in Syria has changed . For example , I noticed that many of the cars were driving around without license plates . Why ? Well I guess they do n't need to -- who will fine drivers for their defiance ? Anyway , now even the smallest problems are solved by weapons , and people feel they need bigger weapons and stronger connections to stay alive . Another change -- all of the men I saw had long beards . I was surprised to see even local people had them . I asked the people I am traveling with if this was common in this area before the war , and they tell me that it was not . That this is "  conflict fashion . " Fashion ? Since when was conflict ever associated with fashion ? I have seen destroyed buildings and war zones on TV and in the news , but returning here was the first time I had seen such destruction in real life . At first you ca n't believe your eyes , and you have to remind yourself that you are not watching an apocalyptic movie , but real life . It eventually dawns on you that this is not a film set , that there is life and there are families living in the remnants of these half-destroyed buildings . I wonder how these people do it . How do people who grew up like me adapt to a situation where virtually everything has been taken away ? The answer is that when there is nowhere left to run , you simply have no choice but to find a way to survive . There are airstrikes so people create their own local warning siren . There is no electricity , so people make candles and rig up their own power systems using batteries . But I am shaken out of my thoughts by the shouts of a friend who is asking everyone to turn off the lights . It 's evening , and the locals have heard that there may be an attack on the village we are in . We all move quickly to turn everything off and sit to listen to the reports on the radio . There is mention of a village just a couple of miles from us . My friend tells me this village might be attacked and we should stay on the floor . Then I hear the name of the village we are in . Then silence again . I look at the faces of my friends ; pale , ironically smiling , feigned bravado . None of us say a word , and I swear I can hear our hearts beating . We all know tonight it could be us that are the next nameless victims . I spend most of the night in a state of paralyzed fear , until finally , at some point , we all fall asleep . The next day people wake as if nothing had happened . That is what life in Syria is like now -- you lived , you are lucky . Now you just have to get on with your day and hope that you will be so fortunate again .	Naeem : After leaving Syria , I forgot how it was to be constantly terrified Returning was the first time he had seen real-life destruction In Syria now , if you live , you are lucky , he says
