CNN  -- Strong support from young and minority voters propelled Barack Obama on the road to the White House , exit polls showed Tuesday . Students wait in a long line to vote Tuesday on the campus of the University of Central Florida . Voters in the 18 to 24 age group broke 68 percent for Obama to 30 percent for John McCain , according to the exit polling . Those in the 25 to 29 age bracket went 69 percent to 29 percent in Obama 's favor . The only age group where McCain prevailed was 65 and over , and that by just a 10-percentage-point margin , 54 percent to 44 percent , the exit polls showed . And minorities went heavily into the Obama camp . Blacks , 96 percent Obama to 3 percent McCain ; Latinos , 67 percent Obama to 30 percent McCain ; and Asians , 63 percent Obama to 34 percent McCain . Obama did well with Latinos because they appear to disapprove of President Bush 's job performance more than the rest of the country , CNN senior political analyst Bill Schneider said . Watch CNN 's Bill Schneider explain the Latino impact " About 80 percent of Latinos give Bush negative marks , while 72 percent of all Americans do , exit polling showed . Race played less of a role in the election than age , exit polls showed . While Obama is projected to be the nation 's first black president , John McCain would have been the oldest person ever elected to the nation 's highest office . Twice as many of those polled Tuesday said age was an important factor in their vote as those who said race was . Among those factoring age into their vote , 78 percent went for Obama to 21 percent for McCain , exit polls showed . Those who said race was an important factor voted 55 percent to 44 percent in favor of Obama . But Obama also was the winner by a similar margin among those who said race was not important , "  which suggests that race was not a decisive factor in this election , " Schneider said . The economy was the top issue in the election among 62 percent of voters questioned in exit polls on Tuesday . It was far ahead of the second-place issue , the Iraq war , which was named as the top concern of 10 percent of voters polled . Those who picked the Iraq war as their top issue mostly voted for Obama in all but two states , according to the early exit polling results . Health care and terrorism were tied at 9 percent as the issue voters were most concerned about , according to the exit polling . Those who picked terrorism as their top concern overwhelmingly choose McCain , according to exit polling . In early exit polling , first-time voters were breaking overwhelmingly for Obama over McCain by a 72 percent to 27 percent margin . Watch what first-time voters had to say in Florida " High income voters -- those who said they make at least $ 100,000 a year -- went in Obama 's favor , 52 percent to 47 percent . Many of those polled said they expect a post-election tax increase , with 49 percent predicting their taxes will rise no matter who is elected president . Another 22 percent said taxes will go up only if Obama wins , and 12 percent said taxes will go up only if McCain wins . Only 15 percent said their taxes will stay the same or go down . A bare majority of those surveyed -- 51 percent -- think the government should do more to solve problems . Forty-three percent believe the government is doing too much . At the same time , early exit polling shows only a minority of voters -- 40 percent -- support the $ 700 billion government plan to assist failing financial companies . Fifty-six percent are opposed . Watch CNN 's Bill Schneider explain how the economy dominated voter concerns " GOP vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin did n't do well in exit polls . Sixty percent of those polled said the Alaska governor is not qualified to be president if necessary ; 38 percent said she is . That compares with the two-thirds of those polled who said Democratic vice presidential nominee Joe Biden is qualified to be president and the 31 percent who said he is n't . Watch CNN 's Jack Cafferty ask what issue is most important " Many voters told the pollsters that they made up their minds early in the campaign season , with 61 percent saying they made up their minds before September , another 13 percent saying they decided in September and 17 percent saying they made their selection last month . Only 7 percent of those polled decided whom to support within the last three days . Exit polling also showed that Democrats who supported Sen. Hillary Clinton during the primaries overwhelming voted for Obama in the general election , 84 percent to 15 percent for McCain . For the poll , more than 16,000 people who had just voted were selected at random to fill out questionnaires . CNN 's Joe Von Kanel and Hal Quinley contributed to this report .	NEW : Voters 65 and older only age group to go McCain 's way Twice as many voters factored in age than did race Obama scores large majority of first-time voters 49 percent of those polled expect tax increases
CNN  -- With spectacular mountains , vibrant hill tribes and a relaxed vibe , Thailand 's unofficial "  second city " of Chiang Mai is everything Bangkok is n't . As the travel hub for northern Thailand , the city of Chiang Mai and the province that shares its name  population 1.6 million  blend ancient culture and natural wonders to create a character that 's unique to a region once known as the Kingdom of a Million Rice Fields , or "  Lanna " in Thai . In a kind of repeat of history , parts of the city have been invaded by regional neighbors in recent years . In the past , invaders came from Burma , Siam or other regional rivals . This time , it 's tour groups from China , lured by the success of a massive-hit Chinese comedy movie called "  Lost in Thailand , " which is partially based in Chiang Mai . Fortunately , you can still lose yourself in Chiang Mai 's majestic mountains , find a quiet picnic spot next to a cascading stream or visit with its friendly people . 1 . Eating khao soi Nothing says "  I 'm in Chiang Mai " more than slurping a piquant bowl of khao soi , noodles bathed in an intense curry broth topped with crispy noodles . The dish is traditionally served with chicken or beef with a side of chili paste , pickled cabbage , raw shallots and wedge of lime . Arguably northern Thailand 's most famous dish , khao soi can be found from unnamed holes-in-the-wall to five-star resorts , all peddling renditions of the "  best " noodles money can buy . For a fail-safe lunchtime introduction , Lam Duan Faham or Samoer Jai , both on Chiang Mai 's Charoenrat Road , are terrific choices . A glass of the herbal drink bai bua bok  Asian pennywort  helps you cool off after the spicy meal . 2 . Camping under the stars With seven national parks in the province , many door-to-doi  mountain  excursions are within easy striking distance of the Chiang Mai city center . You can pitch your own tent at designated campsites or rent one on arrival from the park headquarters . Most parks also have cabins or huts for rent , though these must be reserved , easiest via the Department of National Parks website . Ob Luang National Park , with its dramatic river-canyon landscape littered with boulders , and Doi Inthanon National Park , named after the highest peak in the country , offer waterfall and cave attractions by day and stargazing by night . Both are within a two-hour drive from town . 3 . Visiting Doi Suthep Presiding over the mountainous horizon to the northwest of the city , Doi Suthep mountain is the most recognizable landmark in Chiang Mai . Its glimmering mountaintop temple is a popular first stop for visitors . Most make the trek up the 300-plus steps of the Naga staircase to visit the working monastery in the daytime , from which , weather permitting , you can get panoramic views of the city . A better time to go is in the early hours of the morning , when you can avoid the heat and crowds , and watch the flickering lights of the city fade as the sun rises . The climb to the top is a thigh-buster , but it 's worth it for the great views . There 's also a scenic road up Doi Suthep for those who prefer to drive . 4 . Trekking to hill tribe villages Nearby hills or dois mean there are plenty of nature-based day trips in the area , often with a waterfall to cool off in . Tour operators will often combine a handful of excursions in a single day . The best and priciest outfits in town provide private customized tours that allow you to choose your activities and not be herded along with the crowd . A great leisurely activity , bamboo rafting in Mae Wang provides a closeup introduction to the region 's lush forests . To admire the greenery from top down , Flight of the Gibbon in Mae Kampong offers 5 kilometers of zip line through a forest canopy . The village of Mae Klang Luang is big on community-based tourism . It 's a place to stop for a freshly brewed cup of coffee while overlooking terraced rice paddies before following a local guide on a 3-kilometer trek to a "  hidden " waterfall . 5 . Getting a foot massage at the market In recent years , a slew of modern malls has sprung up in the city . But Chiang Mai 's vibrant street markets are still the place to get the classic retail experience . The best choices are the nightly bazaar on Chang Klan Road ; Saturday Walking Street on Wualai Road ; and Sunday Walking Street down Ratchadamnoen Road inside the old city walls . Sunday Walking Street is the most popular of the bunch , with back-to-back vendors selling trinkets , boutique fashion and handicrafts . With shopping comes sore feet . Fortunately , entrepreneurial massage ladies have that covered -- in the market , rows of plastic chairs set up on the pavement lure shoppers with $ 5-an-hour foot rubs . You can get your feet rubbed while sipping on a drink from the market and watching crowds amble past . 6 . Celebrating local festivals Festivals in Chiang Mai are celebrated with boisterous party fervor and observance of ancient traditions . One of the best holidays is Songkran , the Thai New Year , observed over three official days but often lasting five days each April  dates change every year  . Cultural activities are centered around Wat Phra Singh , the city 's most visited temple , and the old town . To take part in Chiang Mai 's famed full-fledged water fight , you need to pick a strategic station and get ready to get wet -- Tha Pae Gate , anywhere along the moat , next to the Ping River , around Central Kad Suan Kaew and Maya shopping centers , are areas of intense activity and big crowds . Another festival worth planning a trip to Chiang Mai around is Loy Krathong , which coincides with the Lanna festival of Yi Peng . On that November night  again , the dates change annually  , tens of thousands of paper lanterns  khom loy  are set off into the sky and thousands more candle-lit floats are released along waterways . The best photo op is at the mass release behind Maejo University . 7 . Bundling up for "  winter " When the year-end holidays roll around and the mercury dips below 20 C  68 F  , the cardigans and beanies come out as city folk head for Chiang Mai to enjoy the "  winter . " Visitors tend to follow suit , putting away the tank tops and cutoffs and bundling up for the weather as they head for higher ground up in the dois . It really does get chilly . Hot springs suddenly make sense , especially if you stay the night to experience the misty mornings and maximum nighttime chills in the hills . Best day-trip spots for a steamy soak are the Fang Hot Springs at Doi Pha Hom Pok National Park and , closer to Chiang Mai , Pong Duead at Huay Nam Dang National Park . Both have hiking trails and impressive viewpoints . 8 . Taking a road trip The roads around Chiang Mai are some of the most scenic in the country . One of the best known is the Mae Hong Son Loop , a 600-kilometer journey that starts from Chiang Mai , and , traveling counterclockwise , passes through Pai , Mae Hong Son and Mae Sariang before returning to the starting point . Driving yourself is the best way to do this multiday excursion -- car and motorbike rental shops are found all over the city -- allowing you to stop to admire the mountainous landscape , visit small villages and swim beneath waterfalls . The shorter , 100-kilometer Samoeng Loop makes for an easy day trip . It passes through Hang Dong and Mae Rim just outside of town . Both of these loops have food stops along the way , but it never hurts to have bags of sai-ua  northern Thai herb sausages  and sticky rice for a spontaneous hillside picnic en route . 9 . Relaxing The pace of life in Chiang Mai is refreshingly slower than in Bangkok , giving it a sleepy ambiance that adds to its charm . To indulge in the chilled-out lifestyle , you 'll want to kick back in a waterside setting with views of the mountainous surroundings and , of course , good food . About an hour 's drive from town , and a longtail boat ride away , you can dine in one of the floating restaurants in Mae Ngat Reservoir in Sri Lanna National Park -- there 's nothing to do here but eat , drink , swim and be merry . Houseboats can be rented by the day , and if you ca n't tear yourself away from the scenic surroundings , it 's worth staying overnight . Closer to town , Huay Tung Tao lake has a similar food-nature-and-not-much-else appeal . Located close to the base of Doi Suthep , the lake is dotted with private open air huts on the water 's edge where you can order food from nearby restaurants , swim and just whittle away the day enjoying the moment . Very relaxed , very Chiang Mai . GALLERY : Chiang Mai 's laid-back street style 10 . Seeing the city from the sky For the best view of the city , you can reach for the skies in a basket . Weather permitting , Balloon Adventure Thailand  +66 84 611 4128  offers twice-daily hot air balloon flights year-round . Rides last about 90 minutes . Morning flights tend to be smoother , and you can enjoy views of rice paddies , sprawling valley floors and 360-degree doi-scapes . It 's quiet up here , so you can be alone with your thoughts , which will most likely turn to the champagne breakfast awaiting at the end of the ride .	Chiang Mai and the province of the same name blend ancient culture and natural wonders Chiang Mai 's most famous dish is khao soi , a savory noodles dish The roads around Chiang Mai are some of the most scenic in the country
Editor 's note : CNN Contributor Bob Greene is a bestselling author whose current book is "  When We Get to Surf City : A Journey Through America in Pursuit of Rock and Roll , Friendship , and Dreams . " Bob Greene says John Madden has had a great perk : seeing America on his own bus . CNN  -- You 've undoubtedly heard that John Madden has left the football broadcast booth . What you may not have heard is that he 's not leaving his bus . "  It 's been such a great ride , " Madden said as he announced his retirement . But the truly great ride -- the one he will not relinquish -- was n't his long career as a National Football League broadcaster . The best ride was the literal one . Madden 's aversion to flying in airplanes led him to perhaps the grandest business perk in all of American life : He was given his own bus , with his own professional drivers . He crisscrossed the country , on his way from one big game to another , on what came to be known as the Maddencruiser , the cost of which eventually was underwritten by corporate sponsorship . Now ... you may think that being stuck in a bus for days and nights on end must be a lousy way to lead a life . Not when you 're the only passenger -- you , or whatever buddies and colleagues you choose to invite along . Not when there 's food and drink onboard , and television sets with DVD players at the ready , and plenty of room to stretch out and observe the country as it passes by . And those amenities leave out the most beautiful lure of all . Let President Obama explain it . He did , inadvertently , the other week . He was n't talking about Madden -- he was talking about plans for a new high-speed rail system . These were the president 's words : "  No racing to an airport and across a terminal , no delays , no sitting on the tarmac , no lost luggage , no taking off your shoes -LSB- at the metal detector -RSB- ... " That 's the gift Madden gave himself , by working out the bus deal -- the gift of avoiding the endless headaches of travel the rest of the world has to endure . Departure time ? Whenever he wants . Flight cancellations ? No such thing . Cramped seats ? Nope . Security lines ? There are none . It can make for a pretty peaceful life . A football game to see every week , the country winding gloriously out ahead of you between stadiums , your main decision boiling down to how to chop up the miles , where to eat and where to sleep and where to stop for a few hours just to talk to people ... . There is a hotel on the west coast of Florida where I have stayed quite often , and during football season Madden would sometimes stay there too . If there had been a game in , say , Miami , and the next one was in Dallas , he might ask his bus driver to stop for the night at this place , which features outlying cottages on the Gulf of Mexico . Talk about a guy who seemed tranquil -- I know his on-air image was always sort of loud and animated , but I 'd see Madden having a serenely silent and unhurried meal by himself in the restaurant , leisurely flipping through the sports pages ; I 'd see him in the little sandwich shop/deli in the morning , a quiet and amiable fellow standing in line with everyone else , waiting to pay for his breakfast pastries ; I 'd see him , on departure day , strolling blissfully toward his bus , an overnight bag in his hand , having decided that this was the time that he 'd like to roll out ... . Who would ever have thought that a fantasy life could revolve around something as seemingly mundane as a bus ? But in a chaotic and confused world , full of noise and anger and deadlines , the allure of cruising in splendid solitude through the country , seeing America mile by mile , the journey itself being the ultimate victory ... . Madden is the grand champion of bus riders , the winner of the lifetime achievement award . And for those who thought that Madden must have felt trapped on that bus for all these years , the truth -- I can promise you this -- is that rolling through the country that way is the opposite of being trapped . The highway begins to feel like a best friend ; as well as you may have thought you knew America before , you begin to understand it in ways you never even considered . Block by block , town by town , state by state , you appreciate anew : There are still so many things to see . So I was n't surprised when Madden , after declaring that the football life he is leaving had been a great ride , said that , by the way , he 's keeping the bus . When he travels , that 's how he will do it , with or without a corporate sponsor , even now that there will be no game waiting on the other end . And of course , after all these years there is a certain remarkable aura that has formed around the man and that bus of his . At the place in Florida where he would sometimes stay , I was coming back from dinner one night and saw two local police squad cars on the property . This was highly unusual ; the town was a quiet dot on the map . I asked the police officers if there had been a crime committed . They appeared a little sheepish . They exchanged glances , as if deciding whether to tell me their real reason for being there . Finally one of them laughed , and said : "  We just wanted to look at John Madden . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : John Madden 's retiring as a broadcaster but keeping his bus He says football expert had the ultimate perk for traveling the country Greene : Highway becomes your best friend as you discover America block by block
CNN  -- Continental Airlines will no longer provide complimentary meals and snacks to economy passengers on domestic flights shorter than 6 1/2 hours and some international flights . On Monday , the airline announced a menu and pricing for its new food-for-purchase offerings , which will debut October 12 . "  Customers were asking for more variety , " said Mary Clark , spokeswoman for Continental . Grilled chicken spinach salad , Asian-style noodle salad and Angus cheeseburgers are among the menu offerings . Prices will range from $ 1.50 for chips to $ 8.25 for the grilled chicken salad . Complimentary food service will still be available in first class and BusinessFirst on all routes worldwide , and free non-alcoholic drinks will continue to be offered to all passengers . As for economy , complimentary food will be available only on flights longer than 6 1/2 hours , some international flights and all intercontinental flights , Clark said . This includes Houston , Texas , to Anchorage , Alaska , and Newark , New Jersey , to Hawaii , for example , as well as some Latin routes , depending on length and destination . "  There is a cost-savings benefit to it , " she said . "  It 's not a revenue-generating idea , but it will give customers what they 're looking for as well as reduce the cost . " Though Clark said she was unsure whether Continental was the last major U.S. airline to offer complimentary meals to all passengers , she does n't see the transition as negative . "  It 's something that we know our customers value when they travel , " Clark said . "  We definitely see it as a customer benefit . "	Continental announces new food-for-purchase program Airline is eliminating free food in economy class on many routes Complimentary meals will still be available on very long and intercontinental flights
CNN  -- Authorities evacuated more than 3,000 students from a California high school Wednesday after military officials at a nearby base said they found information related to a possible bomb threat . The suspect -- a 22-year-old Navy medic who had been listed as AWOL -- turned himself in to authorities Wednesday afternoon , a military spokesman said . Writings officials allegedly found in Hospitalman Daniel Morgan 's quarters at Camp Pendleton 's military barracks prompted the evacuation of an Orange County high school earlier in the day . The writings said explosives had been placed at San Clemente High School , Orange County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Lt. Jim Amormino said . Authorities evacuated the school , but later declared that the campus was clear of explosives , said Marcus Walton , a spokesman for the Capistrano Unified School District . "  We do not believe he went to the high school . We 're checking with military personnel , interviewing people to see  if  maybe he knew somebody at the high school , " Amormino said . "  We just do n't know what his motive is at this time . " Wednesday was the first day at San Clemente High School , which has 3,200 students and 180 faculty . CNN 's Brooke Baldwin , Carey Bodenheimer and Stella Chan contributed to this report .	NEW : The school is declared clear of explosives , a district spokesman says A 22-year-old Navy medic turns himself in to authorities "  We just do n't know what his motive is at this time , " a department spokesman says 3,200 students and 180 faculty are evacuated
CNN  -- President Barack Obama unveiled initiatives Saturday in education and health for war veterans and highlighted how his administration has reduced by 20 % the government 's woeful backlog of veterans ' disability claims . "  We 're turning the tide . We 're not going to let up until we eliminate the backlog once and for all , " Obama told a gathering of disabled veterans in Florida . The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have overwhelmed the Department of Veterans Affairs with disability applications . "  It results in longer waits . That 's been unacceptable to me , " Obama said . He acknowledged that the 20 % dent is n't enough . "  I 'm going to be honest with you . It has not moved as fast as I wanted , " Obama said . Obama also put attention on the growing suicide rate among veterans . His administration increased spending for VA mental heath services by 7.2 % , and the veterans agency has increased the capacity of its crisis line by 50 % . "  We also need to keep improving mental health services because we have to end this epidemic of suicide among our veterans and troops , " Obama said . The White House announced Saturday a National Research Action Plan to reduce soldier suicides and treat post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury . Under the initiative , the VA , Pentagon and other federal agencies will share data to advance research . The University of Texas and Virginia Commonwealth University will receive $ 100 million from the VA and Defense Departments to research PTSD and the links between traumatic brain injury and mental health issues . Obama also rolled out another initiative with 250 higher-education institutions to help war veterans complete their degrees . Obama made his remarks in Orlando , Florida , before more than 3,000 people attending the annual convention of Disabled American Veterans , an advocacy group deploring the one - or even two-year delays of processing disability claims and urging more mental health care for returning servicemen . When Obama announced the $ 100 million in research , many in the crowd of seniors wearing military caps shouted , "  Yeah , let 's go ! " One attendee , Kathie DiCesare , who maintains a blog about PTSD and military suicides , said Americans are n't fully aware of the suicide rates among veterans , and she criticized Obama for not holding his joint chiefs accountable for the epidemic . Her husband is a Vietnam War veteran with PTSD . "  The only thing that I can complain about is he 's not holding any body accountable . I know he cares , " she said . "  Suicide rates have skyrocketed . " Earlier this year , the Pentagon said as many as 349 U.S. service members committed suicide last year , which would be the highest number since the Department of Defense began keeping detailed statistics in 2001 . Of several high-profile veterans issues facing the nation , the backlog of health and disability benefits has been among the more controversial . Last March , Allison Hickey , undersecretary for benefits , told U.S. senators that veterans indeed wait too long to receive benefits . Thousands of war vets still waiting for health benefits A recent report from the Center for Investigative Reporting found that since Obama took office in 2009 , the number of veterans waiting more than a year for their benefits has skyrocketed , from 11,000 in 2009 to 245,000 in December 2012 , a jump of more than 2,000 % . The VA states that the average wait time after a veteran files a claim is 273 days . But for veterans filing their first claim , including Iraq and Afghanistan vets , the wait is up to 327 days , nearly two months longer . In big cities such as New York , veterans could wait for almost two years . CIR analyzed the data obtained from a Freedom of Information Act request . The number of claims has also increased . In 2001 , the VA completed approximately 480,000 claims , in 2002 approximately 796,000 claims and in 2003 around 827,000 claims , according to Sen. Bernard Sanders of Vermont , chairman of the Senate Veterans ' Affairs Committee . In 2010 , 2011 and 2012 , the VA completed more than 1 million claims each year , he said . Veterans service organizations say filing a claim can be as challenging as filing a complex tax return or defending yourself in a lawsuit . In the meantime , veterans experience hardships . Study : Mental illness , not combat , causes soldier suicides In the expanded education initiative , Obama called the measure "  8 Keys to Success " and said more than 250 community colleges and universities would help veterans afford and complete degrees , certificates , industry-recognized credentials and licenses . The education would help the veterans land jobs in high-growth areas of the economy . Obama said among his priorities is "  making sure that our veterans have the opportunity to pursue the American dream . " Obama also pressed Congress to adopt his $ 5 billion Veterans Jobs Corps proposal that would put former servicemen and women to work building infrastructure such as roads and bridges , similar to the Civilian Conservation Corps of the 1930s . At a time when the nation is struggling with the legacy of wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , Obama sought to shore up support for his veterans agenda one day after he signed into law the Helping Heroes Fly Act , which eases travel and seeks to expedite the passenger screening process for severely injured and disabled veterans and active service personnel . Obama also sought to make permanent two new veterans ' tax credits , which will expire at the end of this year . Under the Returning Heroes tax credit , an incentive up to $ 5,600 is given to employers hiring jobless veterans . Under the Wounded Warrior tax credit , a tax credit up to $ 9,600 is extended to firms employing long-term unemployed veterans with military-related disabilities . By the numbers : U.S. war veterans CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	"  We have to end this epidemic of suicide among our veterans and troops , " Obama says Veterans must have "  the opportunity to pursue the American dream , " he adds Obama announces $ 100 million to research PTSD and traumatic brain injury One attendee criticizes Obama on accountability for skyrocketing suicides
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- Most Americans are probably familiar with the T-Shirt slogan "  Keep Austin Weird . " Ever since Willie Nelson brought rednecks into an alliance with hippies back in the psychedelic '70s , Austin has milked its quirky libertarian spirit for a worldwide bonanza of free publicity . Both South by Southwest and "  Austin City Limits " were born in the cradle of this stoner plea . But in recent years , the Texas capital has become corporatized , the weirdness factor replaced by Starbucks , Marriott and Chase Bank . Yet , on Christmas Day , at the downtown Alamo Drafthouse Cinema at the corner of East Sixth and Trinity , vintage Austin weirdness came roaring back courtesy of the banned-in-Pyongyang film comedy , "  The Interview , " starring Seth Rogen and James Franco . The Merry Prankster of the 1 p.m. showing was Tim League , a 45-year-old Rice University graduate and CEO of the Alamo . Wearing a rented star-spangled body suit , looking like the poor man 's Evel Knievel , a Santa Claus cap festooned to his head , League orchestrated a piece of guerrilla theatrics that would have made Ken Kesey proud . Striding onto the stage with James Brown 's "  Living in America " blaring from the speaker system , League introduced the bizarrely controversial "  The Interview " with a stand-up comedy routine replete with unabashed patriotism , rank silliness , vaudeville shtick and Yippie absurdity . Since the mid-1990s , League , a smart businessman-cum-showman , has helped transform Austin from a cinema backwater to an outlaw Hollywood hub . Determined to put the weird back into Austin 's civic spirit , League spoofed North Korea 's damaging cyberattack against Sony with Comedy Central aplomb . Calling 13 audience members to the stage as pre-showtime chorus leaders , handing out free cans of Budweiser and candy , League , in tongue-and-cheek fashion , introduced a video of Lee Greenwood crooning "  God Bless the USA . " The holiday moviegoers joined into a Christmas carol-like singalong , collectively sounding like a patriotic Sousa band . He prodded the willing audience to wave little American flags , which were handed out as souvenirs . He also had them hold up Zippo lighters as if "  Free Bird " were being played by Lynyrd Skynyrd . After this perverse round of karaoke , the main feature began , and League watched the controversial film from the aisle . There were no seats for him in the sold-out theater . "  The song is the most over-the-top patriotic song I know , " League later told me . "  Lee Greenwood can wear that jacket and sing that song without a bit of irony . You got ta love that . " When history looks back on the whole Sony vs. North Korea tempest of recent weeks , the true heroes of the saga will be America 's Independent cinema owners . League , a slacker unafraid of hackers , stepped up when Sony and mainstream theater chains pulled the funny , low-rent satire about bumbling journalists hired by the CIA to assassinate Kim Jong Un . Essentially his message to the Sony suits was wrapped in First Amendment sentiment : Alamo theaters , of which he owns 19 , would never be intimidated by a punk North Korean dictator . In the days before Christmas , League networked with fellow members of Art House Convergence , an association of independent theater owners . He co-signed a group petition , delivered to Sony last week , urging that "  The Interview " be screened across America . "  I was disappointed that Sony stepped back , " he admits , but was pleased the company "  regrouped " in time for Christmas Day . His only mild regret is that the film became available in the United States on Google Play , YouTube Movies and to the customers of Microsoft 's Xbox video before the Alamo got to premiere it . "  It made sense though , " he admits , "  that Sony used digital outlets . " What impressed League about his stoked audience was the palpable unity of purpose . They came as patriots for a cause . All performances of "  The Interview " sold out instantly in a community stance supporting freedom of expression in Austin . "  We now consider ` The Interview ' an art-house film , " he laughs , "  even though it 's very far removed from typical art-house fare . " When I spoke with League he was beaming yuletide happiness , drinking a can of Four Loko  an energy-alcoholic beverage he calls the "  perfect Christmas drink "  . We discussed his all seasons ' heroes -- Kroger Babb and William Castle -- both razzle-dazzle movie promoters of a bygone era . By turning "  The Interview " into a Happening , in '60s parlance , League was carrying forward the iconic Babb-Castle torch . "  I 'm no stranger to wearing costumes or being patriotic , " League says . "  And everybody who bought tickets today is a goddamn , super-duper , American hero . " Just before "  The Interview " began , a Woodstock Nation nostalgia swelled in the old-style theater . Only instead of marijuana the smell of wings , popcorn and fried pickles filled the air . I wondered what a Pyongyang spy would have thought of the orgy of jingoistic cheer and roadhouse food . Here , in Austin , at a place called the Alamo , Americans were defending their right to popular culture in all its spooky and kitschy guises . Off-duty Austin police officers , full of holiday cheer , served as security for the showing . At one point , before the Greenwood video , an alarm went off . A firetruck rushed to the scene and determined it was an accident . That quick scare aside , the afternoon was a triumph of Christmas high jinks over the North Korean regime 's grinch-like totalitarianism . In its own weird way , Austin did America proud . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Douglas Brinkley : Screening of "  The Interview " in Texas ' capital helped "  keep Austin weird " He says owner of independent theaters had pushed Sony to reverse decision to shelve film Owner Tim League wore a star-spangled body suit and Santa Claus cap to introduce movie Brinkley : America 's pop culture rallied around a low-rent satire , standing up for free expression
Washington  CNN  -- Carl Eppolito voted for Mitt Romney and does n't have a job . But he 's spending his money to go to Barack Obama 's inauguration . So is John Trowell . The recent college grad has been selling his blood plasma for $ 40 a week to afford the trip . And while Camar Robinson , an eighth-grade English teacher in New York , is in better financial shape , teaching is n't exactly a high-paying job . Still , he saved for the Greyhound bus ticket to get from New York to the nation 's capital . They are all 20-somethings who are in Washington for Obama 's second inauguration , despite the costs during a shaky economy and their political differences . Each of them feels his voice matters to an administration that will shape the future . "  I believe it is very important for politicians to listen to people our age . We communicate in a much different way than generations past , " said Eppolito , 28 . The number of e-mail blasts from the Obama campaign and the president 's social media presence suggest the White House knows that . So do comments from one senator in The Washington Post about why there will be extra temporary cell phone towers during Monday 's events . "  Last time around , the sheer number of people ... overloaded the system and many cell phones in the crowd just could n't get a signal , " said Sen. Charles Schumer of New York , who chairs the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies , in a statement . "  The inauguration is a once-in-a-lifetime experience ... so we 're putting measures in place to make sure people can call , tweet , Facebook and document their experience on smart phones and social media . " Eppolito , an MBA student at Villanova University , said he 'll be tweeting about his Washington experience even though his candidate lost . "  The change of heart is not necessarily one of agreement or change in political views , but rather one of support for my president . ... I feel it is terribly important that we come together , unified . " He 's been saving for weeks for the trip from Philadelphia . He pulled together $ 15 for the ticket and hopped the MegaBus from Philadelphia to Washington for the short trip . He suspects most Americans have doubts about Obama 's political agenda , but "  respect and support are different than agreement and doubts , " Eppolito said . As an unemployed student , he is ready for change in the economy . Like Eppolito , Trowell knows the anxiety that comes with trying to save money . His Facebook friends are vocal about the taxes coming out of their paychecks . He 's working more hours to make ends meet . He even planned to carpool with his mother and siblings from South Carolina for the big event . He used to direct the money he got from selling blood to his education fund . Since November , he 's been setting it aside to get from South Carolina to the inauguration . "  I have to work some magic to get off  work  , " said Trowell , 25 . "  It 's definitely worth it . " Robinson , thinking about his students in New York , really wants to watch Obama take the oath of office . "  In my experience , presidents are about one of two things : power or people . ... Although I 'm young ,  Obama  seems to be the first who is genuinely committed to people , " Robinson said . He tells his students that they are a part of a legacy and requires them to keep up with world events . "  They need to start looking outside of themselves and their country , " said Robinson , 29 . "  They have the power and the voices that can steer this country a certain way . " Robinson , Trowell and Eppolito seem certain about the importance of younger voices in political decisions . "  We are connected . We are instantaneous , and we are the generation of the social media boom , " Eppolito said . "  We have defined what it means for a cause or message to go viral , and are driven by the ability to do so . For that , politicians should listen closely to the pulse of the next generation ... now . "	One recent college grad sold blood plasma to raise money to attend the inauguration Another 20-something was a Romney supporter but wanted to be there to witness history They feel strongly about the importance of younger voices in political decisions
New York  CNN  -- Relatives of a bar owner killed more than 30 years ago over a spilled drink said Tuesday the life sentence given to a reputed mobster has finally brought them justice . Bartolomeo Vernace , 65 , was sentenced in U.S. District Court to life without parole plus 10 years for his 2013 racketeering conspiracy conviction . Criminal acts from 1978 through 2011 included drug trafficking , illegal gambling and the 1981 double homicide of Richard Godkin and business partner John D'Agnese , according to prosecutors . They said Vernace held key roles with the Gambino organized crime family . "  Thirty-three years is a very long time to wait for justice . We have our closure , but we have been waiting for justice , " Godkin 's daughter , Christine Orsini , told the court shortly before the sentencing . Vernace , wearing glasses and a blue jumpsuit , declined to make a statement prior to his sentencing . Defense attorneys Charles Carnesi and Joseph DiBenedetto said there will be an appeal . Vernace has maintained his innocence , Carnesi said . Family 's long journey for justice in case Godkin and D'Agnese ran the Shamrock Bar in Queens when they were killed the night of April 11 , 1981 , after a dispute between an alleged Gambino family associate and others in the bar over a drink spilled on his girlfriend . According to the U.S. Attorney 's office , the patron left the crowded bar and picked up Vernace and a third accomplice . They went to the bar and gunned the "  two innocent bar owners " down , authorities said . Vernace , also known as "  Bobby Glasses , " went into hiding in the weeks after the slaying , according to the U.S. Attorney 's Office statement , but would emerge years later to take an active role in the Gambino family . Vernace was charged in 1998 in Queens County Supreme Court with the deaths of Godkin and D'Agnese , but was acquitted of state charges after trial in 2002 , according to prosecutors . According to all accounts , no witness could identify Vernace . It was n't until Vernace was arrested in January 2011 as part of a national sweep of 100 alleged members and associates of organized crime that he was brought up on the federal racketeering charges . During the federal trial in 2013 , an eyewitness testified he recognized all three assailants in the bar but lied during the state trial out of fear , saying "  two men were dead over a spilled drink . I think that was reason enough to be afraid . " That eyewitness testified that he saw Vernace point a gun at Godkin 's head and saw one of Vernace 's accomplices threatening D'Agnese with a gun , according to a 2013 statement by the U.S. Attorney 's Office . D'Agnese was shot in the head and Godkin was shot in the chest when he tried to intervene , according to court documents . Godkin 's children and grandchildren filled the courtroom Tuesday and embraced prosecutors following the sentencing . "  It took too long , but we will take it , " Godkin 's widow , Catherine Godkin , said outside court . "  Justice has finally been served thanks to the lawyers , the jury , and all the witnesses who testified . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Reputed member of Gambino crime family gets life in prison Bar owners gunned down in 1981 over a spilled drink Eyewitness came forward during trial of Bartolomeo Vernace Victim 's widow says "  justice has finally been served "
London , England  CNN  -- What if you could buy a smartphone that would last you for the rest of your life ? This is the dream of Dutch designer Dave Hakkens , whose ` Phonebloks ' concept has captured the public imagination and received celebrity endorsement from the most unexpected quarters . Phonebloks is a radical cell phone idea that aims to dramatically reduce global electronic waste  ` e-waste '  by offering users the opportunity to upgrade parts -- or bloks -- of their cell phone rather than having to replace the entire device . Hakkens says that he came up with Phonebloks as a response to the accelerating pace of technological waste : "  I do n't like the direction electronics are heading . They get more disposable and get a shorter life with every model . This gives a lot of e-waste . " The environmental campaign organisation Greenpeace estimates that global e-waste now amounts to between 20 and 50 million tons a year . Put into perspective , they say that quantity of waste , loaded onto container trains , would stretch all the way around the world . Speaking at the CleanUp 2013 conference in Melbourne Australia , Professor Ming Wong , director of the Croucher Institute for Environmental Sciences at Hong Kong Baptist University , described the growing problem of e-waste as a "  timebomb . " " -LSB- It -RSB- is the world 's fastest growing waste stream , rising by 3 to 5 % every year , " said Wong . The Phonebloks concept aims to decrease e-waste by offering consumers the opportunity to replace individual components of their phone , while retaining the device 's basic frame . Once constructed , Hakkens hopes that the Phonebloks handset will be built from components that can be ` clicked ' together like Legos . Each component will have its own function e.g. Bluetooth , WiFi , battery , or camera . When a component stops working or needs to be upgraded , it can be quickly replaced with a new ` blok ' . In theory , Hakkens believes that choosing separate components could enable users to personalize their cell phone to their own specifications , adding an improved camera , increased storage or a larger battery . "  The idea is to set up a platform which , if used correctly , can reduce the amount of waste significantly , " Hakkens says . At present , Phonebloks is still a long way from reaching the market -- indeed its inventor has n't even asked for any money to begin developing it . For now , Hakkers has simply been gathering support for the concept through the "  crowd-speaking " platform Thunderclap . At the time of writing , the Phonebloks concept video has received more than 12 million views on YouTube and been shared on social networks more than 650,000 times . The project has also received support from the actor Elijah Wood and television correspondent Jessica Northey . The Phonebloks concept is not without its critics . Some argue that making a device that can more easily be upgraded will increase e-waste rather than reducing it . Others suggest that it would be impossible to build a functional smartphone in a modular way . Hakkens says that at the very least his campaign has shown that there is an appetite for an environmentally friendly cell phone and that even though the concept was only officially launched a week ago "  we are already having conversations with some serious players . " Tom Dowdall , a Climate and Energy spokesperson for Greenpeace , says that the interest in Phonebloks may be useful in underlining the growing prooblem of e-waste : "  Hopefully the popularity of the Phonebloks concept will spark more action from the major manufacturers . It should not be beyond the innovative phone companies to make products that are upgradable and designed to last . " Read more : Technology of tomorrow Martin Cooper , the inventor of the cell phone , told CNN that while the Phonebloks concept is ` well-meaning ' he suspects it will never become a reality : "  the main reason that the Phoneblok will not hit the market is it will cost more , be bigger and heavier , and be less reliable ... By the time it could be brought to market , the problem that engendered it will be gone . " Andy Redfern , co-founder of the ` ethically-conscious online retailer ' Ethical Superstore says he thinks Phonebloks is an excellent concept , but agrees with Cooper that it will be difficult to produce : "  Phonebloks seems such an obvious idea that it makes you wonder why no one has ever taken this approach before ... However it faces two significant challenges - one technical and one cultural , " Redfern says . "  To reduce cost and increase battery life as much of the phone functionality as possible is crammed on to a single piece of silicon ... So the technical challenge is meeting the current battery life and size requirements if we are going to benefit from easy upgrades . "  And culturally ? Well we want the lightest phone with longest battery life . The Phoneblok is likely to have to compromise on that and we will have to change our expectations and our thinking . " "  However , " Redfern says "  creating a phone that feeds our appetite for upgrades without having to throw away the whole phone would seem to make great sense . " Monique Rivalland contributed to this article	Phonebloks concept aims to reduce global e-waste The invention will ` click together ' like Lego Global e-waste amounts to between 20 and 50 million tonnes a year Critics argue that modular phones could increase e-waste rather than reducing it
CNN  -- A young man featured in the CNN series "  Chicagoland " was shot this weekend on the streets of southside Chicago . Police have not released the victim 's name , but friends close to him confirm it was Lee McCollum Jr. . McCollum was shot twice in the leg on Saturday morning and was treated and released from a local hospital , according to his mentor and high school principal , Liz Dozier , who was also featured on the "  Chicagoland " series . As told in "  Chicagoland , " McCollum 's story is one of a young man who grew up in a tough part of the city but was transforming his life . He went from being a gang member to high school prom king and student leader . McCollum has aspirations to leave Chicago and attend college , Dozier said . "  The goal is still to get him to go . There 's nothing for him here in Chicago . " According to the police report , the shooting happened about 7 a.m. Saturday . The 20-year-old man was standing outside when shots were fired from a white vehicle that passed by . Police are investigating and no one is in custody . Dozier said though McCollum is not in a gang now , that does n't mean he was a random victim . The police report states the shooting may have been gang-related . The executive producers and directors of the series said this is part of the reality that many young people in Chicago live every day . "  Lee Jr. and other kids are growing up in a culture of hopelessness and despair , where there is a seemingly endless supply of guns , " said Mark Levin , co-director of "  Chicagoland . " "  It 's very disheartening to hear that Lee Jr. was shot . I 'm relieved to hear he 's out of the hospital and recovering , " he said . "  This is just what Principal Dozier and others fear -- you stick around in a war zone and you get hurt . " 3-year-old critically wounded in Chicago shooting 47 shot , 5 dead -- Chicago officials meet	Lee McCollum Jr. was injured in a drive-by shooting on Saturday and is recovering The former gang member became a student leader at his southside Chicago high school McCollum 's goal is to attend college and get out of Chicago
CNN  -- It 's just a newborn in planetary terms , and it 's drifting all alone in space without a star to orbit . The solitary life of this newly discovered planet , with the catchy name PSO J318.5-22 , has astronomers excited . Only 80 light-years from Earth , the 12 million-year-old planet has properties similar to those of gas-giant planets orbiting young stars . Diamonds produced on other planets ? But because it is floating alone through space , rather than around a host star , astronomers can study it much more easily . "  We have never before seen an object free-floating in space that looks like this , " said Dr. Michael Liu of the Institute for Astronomy at the University of Hawaii at Manoa , who led the international team that discovered the planet . "  It has all the characteristics of young planets found around other stars , but it is drifting out there all alone . I had often wondered if such solitary objects exist , and now we know they do . " Stargazing in the desert : The magic of Namibia 's night skies While about a thousand planets have been discovered outside our solar system in the past decade by indirect means -- such as observing the wobbling or dimming of their host stars as they orbit -- only a handful of new planets have been directly imaged , all of them around young stars , according to a release from the Institute for Astronomy . Young stars are those less than 200 million years old . PSO J318.5-22 's solitary existence and its similarity to those directly observed planets makes it a rare find . "  Planets found by direct imaging are incredibly hard to study , since they are right next to their much brighter host stars . PSO J318.5-22 is not orbiting a star so it will be much easier for us to study , " said Dr. Niall Deacon of the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy in Germany and a co-author of the study . "  It is going to provide a wonderful view into the inner workings of gas-giant planets like Jupiter shortly after their birth . " The astronomers stumbled across it as they sifted through a mountain of data produced by the Pan-STARRS 1  PS1  wide-field survey telescope on Haleakala , Maui . Astronaut : Real space travel much cooler than ` Gravity ' The planet , which has only six times the mass of Jupiter , was identified by its faint and unique heat signature . The astronomers were actually searching for failed stars known as brown dwarfs when they came across PSO J318.5-22 , which stood out because of its red color . Subsequent infrared observations using other telescopes in Hawaii showed it was no brown dwarf , but rather a young , low-mass planet . By monitoring the planet 's position for the next two years , using the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope , the team was able directly to measure its distance from Earth . This means the astronomers have placed it within a collection of young stars called the Beta Pictoris moving group that formed about 12 million years ago . The star that lends its name to the group , Beta Pictoris , has another young gas-giant planet in orbit around it , the astronomers say . But PSO J318.5-22 , which appears to be even lower in mass than that planet , continues to wend its solitary way through the universe , unattached to any star . Newly found planets might support life	Astronomers find a young , low-mass planet wandering through space alone "  We have never before seen an object free-floating in space that that looks like this , " one says The planet will give an insight into the workings of young gas-giant planets like Jupiter It is easier to observe than other similar planets because it is not orbiting a young star
CNN  -- Put Radiohead 's Thom Yorke and Nigel Godrich , drummer Joey Waronker , the Red Hot Chili Peppers ' Flea and percussionist Mauro Refosco into a studio for three days , and you know the sound coming out of that session is going to be otherworldly . The musicians seem to have created exactly that as the band , Atoms for Peace , is edging closer to the release of its debut album , "  AMOK , " early next year . The move toward an album was an organic one , Yorke explains in an interview in Rolling Stone . The Radiohead singer-songwriter initially booked studio time for the group -- which was banded together to perform live songs from his 2006 album , "  The Eraser " -- because of how great they sounded during rehearsal for the string of eight concerts held in 2010 . They went into their recording session with nothing , Yorke says , and ended up coming out "  with a f ***** g mountain . " Yorke and Godrich then edited that mountain , combining it with other laptop and studio work they 'd done until it turned into a nine-track album . Yorke and Godrich agree that their intent on "  AMOK " was to "  step into the unknown , " as Godrich put it . "  One of the things we were most excited about , " Yorke added , "  was ending up with a record where you were n't quite sure where the human starts and the machine ends . " The method to creating that kind of ambiguity was its own "  form of madness , " Yorke recalled . "  We 'd go in at midday and pretty much work through to 10 . We were playing all the time . It was bonkers . We 'd stop to change beat . Joey and Mauro would scribe the beat out , using whatever weird notation they have , and then go off on it for another hour . " Yorke 's role in the process was more of a conductor , he said , as he and Godrich would pipe up with approval or disapproval of the sound 's direction . "  It was about trying to get interesting grooves , " Yorke said . "  When we first hung out , we were at Flea 's house . We got wasted , played pool and listened to Fela Kuti all night . It was that idea of trance-ing out . But there are still songs here . " Although he 's tempted not to , Yorke could n't help but remark that he "  really want  s  to say , ` This is the beginning of something . ' " Besides , "  this was after three days in that studio . God help us if we 'd had a week . " Will Atoms for Peace head out on tour again after "  AMOK " drops ? "  I hope so , " Yorke said . "  We all want to . "	Thom Yorke 's group , Atoms for Peace , has an album arriving early next year The music was born out of a three-day studio session Radiohead 's Nigel Godrich says the album steps "  into the unknown " Atoms for Peace wants to tour again after the album 's release
SARAJEVO , Bosnia-Herzegovina  CNN  -- Richard Holbrooke first visited Bosnia in 1992 as a private citizen . Richard Holbrooke 's ` bombs for peace ' policy was vindicated when bombings brought an end to the war . Three years later , he would become one of the most influential U.S. figures working to end a war that had introduced a new euphemism for genocide : ethnic cleansing . Holbrooke , who had worked as a diplomat , journalist and investment banker , was intrigued , disgusted and challenged by what he saw in the early days of the war in Bosnia . A month before his first visit , reporters had learned of Bosnian Serb concentration camps where Muslim prisoners were tortured , sexually mutilated and executed . The news photographs and footage seemed like an echo of the Holocaust . In the ethnically mixed capital , Sarajevo , Holbrooke saw Bosnian Serb forces laying siege to the city to drive out Muslims . U.N. peacekeepers even had to negotiate with the aggressors just to truck food into the starving city . In Banja Luka , Holbrooke saw Muslim families being forced to sign over their property to Bosnian Serbs -- Orthodox Christians -- in exchange for their lives and a one-way bus ticket out of town . Returning with CNN Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour in 2008 , Holbrooke remembered feeling the connection with his own family history : His Jewish grandfather fled Germany shortly after Hitler took power . "  I thought I 'm seeing a color remake of the black and white scenes we 'd seen in World War II of Jews signing away their property at the point of a gun and then being shipped off to who knows where , " Holbrooke said . "  I do n't think you have to be Jewish to understand that what you 're seeing was a genuine crime against humanity . The Europeans were doing nothing , and the Americans were doing less . " Watch as Holbrooke talks with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour at the scene of the crime " Holbrooke thought only a U.S.-led intervention would stop the slaughter . "  The -LSB- Bosnian -RSB- Serbs would have melted away because they were thugs and bullies , " he said . But the White House was vowing to stay out . "  The United States is not going to inject itself into every single crisis , no matter how heart-rending , " then-President George H.W. Bush said . Holbrooke , who had served President Jimmy Carter as an assistant secretary of state , offered his recommendation to Bill Clinton 's advisers during the 1992 presidential campaign : Direct use of force against the Bosnian Serbs . "  I took a stand that I believed was correct , " Holbrooke said . "  I did n't think it was so controversial . " When Clinton embraced a get-tough policy , Holbrooke was optimistic . In the back of Holbrooke 's mind , there was a lingering question : "  Will he do as president what he said he would do as a candidate ? " Watch Clinton 's campaign pledge " Holbrooke wanted to handle Bosnia for the Clinton administration . But after the election , Holbrooke -- the consummate insider -- found himself on the outside . Instead of getting the Bosnia portfolio , he was named U.S. ambassador to Germany . "  By advocating vigorous action -LSB- in Bosnia -RSB- , I was kind of marginalized by people inside the government who were less in favor of vigorous action , " he told Amanpour . America 's European allies opposed airstrikes , fearing retaliation against their peacekeepers on the ground . Clinton 's national security adviser , Anthony Lake , told CNN that the Europeans "  were , to put it mildly , extremely reluctant to see us pursue unilaterally any actions which could imperil their troops . " Lake said the president 's hands were tied . "  We tried to convince them . And the Europeans said , ` Absolutely no . ' " Over the course of the next year , Clinton was able to persuade his European allies to at least use limited air strikes against the Bosnia Serbs . But it did n't stop the killing . Under mounting criticism in the press , Clinton asked Holbrooke in May 1994 to leave his post in Germany and return to the White House to help with Bosnia . But Holbrooke and others in the administration who advocated force would nonetheless see Bosnia 's Muslims endure another 15 months of heartbreak and death -- including the slaughter of 8,000 at Srebrenica . Watch as a Bosnian concentration camp survivor describes the torture and rape she witnessed " The massacre shook the world 's conscience -- and Clinton 's foreign policy . He was now ready to lead , with or without approval from other nations . "  What I said to the Europeans was , ` We 're going to do this . And it 'll work best if you come with us , ' " Lake recalled . After a Serb mortar attack on a Sarajevo market in August 1995 , Clinton pulled the trigger . With the Europeans on board , U.S. and allied planes began attacking Bosnian Serb positions . After eight weeks of NATO bombing , Holbrooke got enough concessions to negotiate an end to 3 1/2 years of war . It was vindication for a policy Holbrooke calls "  bombs for peace . " "  I do n't like to advocate the use of force , -LSB- because -RSB- I know people will get killed , " Holbrooke said . "  But there are times when you have to use force in order to stop people from being killed in larger numbers , and it seemed to me this was a clear-cut example . "	Richard Holbrooke first went to Bosnia in 1992 in the early days of the war The former diplomat recommended using U.S. force against the Bosnian Serbs He watched as Bosnia 's Muslims suffered years of heartbreak and death In 1995 , after weeks of NATO bombing , Holbrooke negotiated an end to the war
CNN  -- Rock guitarist and singer Alex Chilton , known for his work with bands the Box Tops and Big Star , died Wednesday . He was 59 . Chilton was having heart problems and died in an emergency room in New Orleans , Louisiana , said longtime friend and business associate John Fry . "  Obviously , we are all stunned and deeply saddened at this news , " Fry said . Chilton started in music as a teen in the 1960s , as vocalist for the psychedelic soul group the Box Tops , Fry said . They were known for the No. 1 hit " ` The Letter " and songs such as "  Neon Rainbow " and "  Cry Like a Baby . " After that group disbanded in 1970 , Chilton formed the Memphis rock group Big Star . Though that band had a short life , breaking up in 1974 , its music catapulted the group and Chilton to cult status . "  While Big Star struggled with success commercially , their early '70s , power-pop sound is often cited as directly influencing bands like Cheap Trick , R.E.M. and the Replacements , " Billboard magazine said in its biography of Chilton 's group . The evidence of that : a song the Replacements released in 1987 , called "  Alex Chilton . " Part of the chorus of that song is "  Children by the million sing for Alex Chilton when he comes ` round . They sing , I 'm in love . " In the 1990s , Big Star got back together . Chilton and the band were scheduled to perform at the South by Southwest music festival in Texas this weekend . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Guitarist known for his work with bands the Box Tops and Big Star Chilton was having heart problems and died in an emergency room in New Orleans Chilton was to perform at the South by Southwest music festival in Texas this weekend
Boston , Massachusetts  CNN  -- A biology professor charged in the killings of three faculty members at the University of Alabama in Huntsville was initially a suspect in a 1993 attempted mail bombing of a Harvard Medical School professor , The Boston Globe reported Monday . Amy Bishop Anderson and her husband , Jim , were questioned after a package containing two pipe bombs was sent to the Newton , Massachusetts , home of Dr. Paul Rosenberg , a Harvard professor and a doctor at Children 's Hospital Boston , the Globe said , citing a law enforcement official . At the time , Anderson was working as a postdoctoral fellow in the hospital 's human biochemistry lab . Anderson is charged with capital murder in the Friday shooting deaths , making her eligible for the death penalty in Alabama . Authorities said she was attending a faculty meeting in a university building when she brandished a gun and shot six colleagues , killing three . The mother of four was arrested as she was leaving the building , Huntsville Police Chief Henry Reyes said Saturday . A 9 mm handgun was recovered from the second floor of the building after the shootings Friday . On Saturday , it was revealed that in 1986 , Anderson , then 19 , shot her brother to death in Braintree , Massachusetts . Authorities determined after an investigation that the shooting was accidental . But Braintree Police Chief Paul Frazier said Saturday , "  It is a far different story , I believe , than what was reported back then . I can not tell you what the thought process was behind our releasing her at the time . " Anderson 's husband , Jim , told CNN on Monday that federal investigators had gathered a dozen subjects in the attempted bombing , but "  there were never any suspects . Never anyone charged , never anyone arrested . " "  Then five years later , we got a letter from the ATF saying , ` You are in the clear , ' " he said , referring to the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . Sylvia Fluckiger , a lab technician who worked with Anderson at the time , told The Boston Globe on Sunday that Anderson had a dispute with Rosenberg shortly before the bomb incident . Fluckiger told CNN affiliate WCVB-TV in Boston , "  Police interviewed her , and she told me about it . I really wondered if she may have had , you know , some more knowledge , although I 'm not accusing her of anything . " Rosenberg was opening a package delivered to his home while he was away on vacation , but he saw wires and a cylinder inside and called police , the Globe reported . "  She was the suspect early on , " the law enforcement official , who the Globe said had knowledge of the case , told the newspaper of Anderson . She allegedly was concerned that she was going to receive a negative evaluation from Rosenberg , the official said . Jim Anderson told The New York Times the December 1986 death of his wife 's brother , Seth , was accidental . He declined to comment when CNN asked him about the shooting Monday . Frazier , however , said Saturday that an official involved in the case and still working for Braintree police told him that the teen had shot her brother during an argument . She fired a shot in her bedroom without hitting anyone , then argued with her brother and shot him , he said . She fled the home after the shooting and was arrested after pointing a weapon at a vehicle near the house in an unsuccessful attempt to get the driver to stop . During the booking process , then-Chief John Polio called and told the officers to release her , Frazier said . He added her mother was then a member of the Braintree Personnel Board . Reached by CNN , Polio , now 87 and retired , denied calling in that order , saying detectives told him the shooting appeared accidental and it was determined Anderson should be released to her mother . He said any link between Anderson 's release and her mother 's position on the board was "  laughable . " Anderson 's mother , Judith , did not answer her door Monday . Reached by telephone , she told CNN , "  We 're very distraught , " and declined further comment . A December 8 , 1986 , article in The Boston Globe said Anderson asked her mother how to unload a round from a 12-gauge shotgun and accidentally shot her brother while she was handling the weapon . The article cited Polio as the source . The state police report on the incident , released Sunday by the office of Rep. Bill Delahunt , D-Massachusetts , is similar to the Globe 's account . Delahunt was district attorney at the time ; staffers said he was in the Middle East on Sunday and unable to comment on the case . The 1986 report said Braintree police told state police investigators "  indications were that Amy Bishop had been attempting to manipulate the shotgun and had subsequently brought the gun downstairs in an attempt to gain assistance from her mother in disarming the weapon " when it went off , shooting her brother in the chest . In a December 17 , 1986 , interview , Anderson told authorities she "  thought it would be a good idea if she learned how to load the shotgun in the house , " according to the state police report . The young woman told police she was concerned for her own safety after the family home was broken into , although she previously had been afraid of the gun . She said she got the gun and loaded shells into it , but was unable to get them out . Anderson said that while she was attempting to unload the weapon on her bed , it went off . She then took it downstairs to ask for help in unloading it , where the shooting occurred . The police report said both Anderson and her mother said the shooting was accidental . Her mother told police she did not hear the earlier shot in her daughter 's bedroom and "  believed the house was relatively well soundproofed and that such a discharge would not necessarily be heard on another floor of the house . " Frazier said police records of the incident are missing . But Polio said , "  There was no cover-up . Absolutely no cover-up and no missing records . The records were all there when I left . Where they went in the last 22 years and two police chiefs subsequent , I do n't know . " Braintree Mayor Joseph Sullivan said Sunday that a review will commence to locate all materials associated with the shooting . Anderson , who is known to students as Dr. Bishop , had been working at the University of Alabama in Huntsville since 2003 and was up for tenure , according to spokesman Ray Garner . However , authorities would n't discuss possible motives or whether the issue of tenure may have played a role in the shooting . Garner said the university gives teachers six years to get tenure . Those who do not get it are terminated , he said . Jim Anderson told CNN on Monday that his wife had been denied tenure and had appealed that decision and won , but she was still fighting to be granted tenure . She was frustrated with "  the process , " he said . He told CNN earlier his wife had an attorney but would not say who it was , and he described her as a good teacher . He said Monday his wife wrote three novels , "  medical thrillers . " The couple does not own a gun , he said . He said he last saw his wife briefly on Friday morning before she left for class . He said she was "  loving , got along with everybody . " The family , he said , is devastated , and in "  shock , bewilderment , wondering why . " He told the Times the pipe bomb incident is "  one thing from the past I hoped would not be dredged up . " CNN 's Brooke Baldwin and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	Prof charged in Alabama deaths initially suspected in '93 mail bomb attempt , newspaper says Professor charged with capital murder in shootings at University of Alabama at Huntsville Professor 's husband says they received ATF letter on '90s case that " ` You are in the clear ' " In 1986 , Amy Bishop Anderson , then 19 , fatally shot brother ; case ruled accidental
CNN  -- A Nigerian immigrant 's dream came true when President Barack Obama signed into law a rare private bill granting him permanent residency in the Unites States . Victor Chukwueke , who lives in Michigan on an expired visa , came to the United States 11 years ago to undergo treatment for massive face tumors . He graduated from a university in the state , and plans to attend an Ohio medical school that requires him to have permanent residency , also known as a green card . In a rare act , the United States Congress passed a private bill this month granting him permanent residency . Obama signed the bill Friday . Private bills -- which only apply to one person and mostly focus on immigration -- are rarely approved . His is the only one to pass in Congress in two years . "  I was overwhelmed with joy ; it was nothing less than a miracle , " the 26-year-old says . "  Only in this country can so many miraculous and wonderful things happen to someone like me . " Before coming to the United States at age 15 , Chukwueke lived in the southeastern Nigeria town of Ovim . He suffers from neurofibromatosis , a genetic disorder that causes massive life-threatening tumors on his face . Treated as an outcast because of his deformed face , he was depressed and humiliated , he says . His family abandoned him at an orphanage after taking him to the nation 's best facilities for treatment . "  I went to a large teaching hospital in Nigeria and the doctor touched my face and said there was nothing they could do , " he says . " I cried and begged him to do something . I was so tired of the humiliation . " Nuns from the Daughters of Mary Mother of Mercy rescued him from the orphanage in 2001 and arranged for a Michigan doctor to perform surgery on him . He considers himself lucky to have developed the tumors . "  Without them , I would not have met the nun , left Nigeria , arrived in the U.S. and had the miracle to attend medical school , " he says . He lives with the nuns in Oak Park , Michigan . They have cared for him since he came to the U.S. , where he has undergone seven surgeries , including one that left him blind in the right eye . Despite the obstacles , he remains committed to getting an education . He finished his GED -- the equivalent of a high school education -- while undergoing treatment and enrolled at a community college . A benefactor helped him attend Wayne State University , where he graduated last year with a bachelor 's in biochemistry and chemical biology . He had a 3.82 GPA and gave the university 's commencement speech . "  Should I call myself a victim , or should I press forward to my dreams ? " he asked during the speech amid thunderous applause . Soon after his graduation , the University of Toledo in Ohio admitted him to medical school . The only hurdle : The program requires him to have permanent residency status . With Obama 's signature , his wish has come true . "  My own personal struggles to receive treatment have motivated and encouraged me to pursue a medical career ... to alleviate the pain and suffering of others , " he says . "  A medical career will allow me many gratifying years of making a difference in the health and lives of others . " Chukwueke 's journey to get legalized has seen many strangers rally to his help . Inspired by his story , Sen. Carl Levin , a Michigan Democrat , sponsored the bill , S. 285 . The measure passed the Senate in the summer and the House this week . Attorney Thomas K. Ragland took his case pro bono . "  Victor 's story is remarkable , " says Ragland , who is based in Washington D.C. "  Here is this kid who comes from Nigeria , he was taunted and teased for his diseases , and he comes to this country and excels , despite so many surgeries . It is a testament of not letting anything get in the way . " The number of illegal immigrants in the United States was estimated at 11.5 million last year . Following the signature , the State Department will reduce by one the number of immigrant visas available to Nigerians .	Victor Chukwueke 's visa expires after he comes to the U.S. for treatment of face tumors He plans to attend an Ohio medical school that requires him to have a green card A Michigan senator introduces a private bill to grant him a green card In a rare act , Congress passes the bill this month
CNN  I 'm haunted by the video of Officer Michael Slager firing eight shots at Walter Scott as he fled his encounter with North Charleston police -- his back turned to the officer . What I find more disturbing is how the officer cuffs the fallen Scott and allows him to die face-down in the dirt while Slager appears to plant an item next to his body . I understand why people are skeptical of self-defense claims -- especially from law enforcement . If not for the video taken by a bystander , I ca n't help but think that this story would be shuttered behind the wall of an active investigation . As a defense attorney , I am more sensitive than anyone to the assumption of innocence for those accused of a crime , but this single piece of evidence -- a video of a man shot in the back while in full retreat -- defies any reasonable explanation . Thank God there was a camera . It will help ensure that justice will be served in this case . However , there is another camera that -- had it been deployed -- might have prevented the entire tragedy : a police body camera . Throughout the entire encounter with Scott , it 's clear Slager had no idea someone was filming him . Had he known there would be video of his every move , would he have drawn his weapon on a fleeing man ? Would he have fired ? Eight times ? Would he have misrepresented the encounter on his police report ? Of course not . If Slager had been wearing a body camera , Scott would probably still be alive , and Slager would n't be facing the possibility of life in prison -- or a possible death sentence . Body cameras are expensive to deploy , sure . And storing the massive amounts of data that body cameras create costs even more . That cost , however -- if we 're talking the monetary kind -- may be eclipsed by the punitive damages delivered to Scott 's family in an inevitable civil suit against the North Charleston Police Department . Most importantly , we have to ask ourselves this : What 's the value of a human life ? Certainly it 's worth the price of some mass data storage . And there 's something else at stake . The public is losing confidence in law enforcement , and the strained relationship between minorities and police is reaching a breaking point . Every police shooting that captures headlines justifies an ever increasing fear of cops in the street . As fear ratchets up , so does the tension between cops and the people in the communities they serve . As tension rises , the risk of more shootings increases . It is a cycle of destruction that could lead to chaos . Police body cameras can help break this cycle . Studies have shown that both cops and people in the community act better when they know they are on camera . Complaints against cops decrease , and , most importantly , use-of-force incidents drop . I will admit that body cameras are only an interim solution . They only help compensate for the real underlying problem , which is this : There is a bias against black men that has infiltrated the criminal justice system , and we are seeing it in the disproportionate shooting of black men . When we look at this footage -- and when we see the dashboard camera from the other South Carolina officer who last year shot a man who was reaching for his driver 's license -- it 's clear that many cops are more likely to interpret actions , even routine actions , from black men as potentially aggressive . These may not be overtly racist cops . They may not intentionally treat black men differently , but we ca n't pretend that black men are n't being disproportionately targeted . All across the country , we see it happening , and with the proliferation of video , we 're seeing it happen with alarming frequency . Somehow , we 're going to have to beat this bias out of our system . Set tougher employment screening standards when hiring cops . Institute more training to help officers recognize the bias and adjust for it . As a society , we have to focus on the broad social changes needed to address disparities in income , education and opportunities -- disparities that keep us a racially divided nation . But social change , sadly , may take generations of hard work . In the meantime , if we ca n't immediately root out racial bias , we can at least put a bright spotlight on it , and we can start by focusing on the one interaction where racial bias results in the loss of life -- we can start by placing body-mounted cameras on cops .	Mark O'Mara : Video captured Michael Slager shooting Walter Scott ; if cop had been wearing a body camera , he probably would n't have fired O'Mara says such cameras are expensive , but cheaper than wrongful death payouts -- and the cost of a human life . The underlying problem is racial bias in policing ; until that 's solved , body cameras are a good interim solution
Through the hotel lobby he goes , to the elevator , up into guest rooms , and back . Jaber lashkari says he hauls around 50 pieces of luggage along this well-worn route every day . But the porter at Tehran 's Parsian Azadi Hotel says in the past several months his work has nearly doubled . "  Recently we 've seen a big increase , " he said . "  We do n't need exercise or treadmills anymore . We walk more than anyone else . " Jaber 's heavy workload comes amid a 215 % increase this year in visits to Iran by tourists , according to a government official who called the surge a "  tsunami of tourists " . Hotel marketing and sales manager Zahra Manafzadeh says if this surge keeps up Tehran may soon run out of hotel space . "  It shows that we have to take action and do something about it , " he said . Tehran may be a capital of some 12 million people , but remarkably it has only three large five-star hotels . A fourth is under construction yet most of Tehran 's accommodations remain smaller apartment style hotels . Farman Ghafarian owns two of these enterprises -- Tehran Grand Hotels One and Two . The recent spike in visitors has him thinking expansion . "  We already have a shortage in Tehran , " he said . "  Now it 's motivating us to build a third branch because for sure we are anticipating much demand in the tourism market . " For much of the last three decades here in Tehran there was never an overwhelming demand for hotels . Many visitors stopped coming after the 1979 Islamic Revolution . This was in large part due to Iran 's political and economic isolation by western powers and their warnings that Iran was rogue and dangerous nation with a radical leadership . Many in Iran 's hotel and tourism industry credit the turnaround to first year president Hassan Rouhani who 's been on a campaign to give a gentler and more positive impression of Iran by easing some visa requirements and working to resolve Iran 's nuclear dispute with the West . "  After Mr. Rouhani became president I think everyone around the world thought Iran has changed , " Manafzadeh said . "  They want to come and see what the difference is . " Many of those working in Iran 's hotel industry feel the upswing in business is well deserved . For hotel porter Jaber it means hauling more luggage and helping tourists get to know the rich culture and hospitality of Iran . "  It feels good when they leave and they 're happy -- especially when they rave about Iran , " he said .	Iran has experienced a massive increase in tourists coming to country Capital Tehran currently only has three large five-star hotels Hospitality industry talk of expanding capacity throughout the country
CNN  -- Bradley Manning and Edward Snowden are two American men in their 20s . They 're both fascinated by -- and adept at -- computer use and held jobs that gave them access to some of their country 's most secret and sensitive intelligence . They chose to share that material with the world and are now paying for it . But that may be where the similarities end . What did they do ? United States Army Pvt. Bradley Manning leaked hundreds of thousands of classified documents about the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and sensitive correspondence written by U.S. diplomats -- information that WikiLeaks published . Some of that information was also analyzed and reported by The New York Times , Der Spiegel and The Guardian newspapers as well as other news outlets . A military judge acquitted Manning on Tuesday of aiding the enemy , but convicted him of violations of the Espionage Act . The proceedings for his sentencing could take days or even weeks . He could get 136 years . Edward Snowden , a former CIA employee and National Security Agency contract employee , told a Guardian journalist that the NSA was operating classified surveillance programs that track cell phone calls and monitor the e-mail and Internet traffic of virtually all Americans . To tell his story , he left his job and life in Hawaii , fled to China and is now in Russia , where he has been granted temporary asylum . Read more : New Snowden leak : NSA program taps all you do online How did they do it ? Manning had access to intelligence while working as an analyst stationed in Iraq . Snowden worked for NSA contract firm Booz Allen Hamilton , a job that gave him access to the sensitive programs . What are their stated motives ? When Manning entered his guilty pleas on certain charges in February , he spent more than an hour in court reading a statement about why he had leaked the information . He said that the information he passed "  upset " or "  disturbed " him , but none of it , he thought , would harm the U.S. if it became public . Manning said that he thought the documents were old and that the situations they referred to had changed or ended . "  I believed that if the general public , especially the American public , had access to the information ... it could spark a domestic debate on the role of the military and our foreign policy in general as it related to Iraq and Afghanistan , " he said , according to a statement that Manning 's lawyer , David Coombs , posted a link to on his site . Read Manning 's full statement Manning 's statement also explains why he enlisted : "  my natural interest in geopolitical affairs . " Snowden has said that he just wanted the public to know what the government was doing . "  Even if you 're not doing anything wrong you 're being watched and recorded , " he said . Explaining his motivation to Guardian journalist Glenn Greenwald in an edited video published on the newspaper 's website in June , Snowden said the NSA 's activities were tantamount to "  abuses . " He also revealed to The Guardian that he had access to everyone working at the NSA , the entire intelligence community and undercover assets around the globe . "  I 'm just another guy who sits there day to day in the office , watching what 's happening , and goes , ` This is something that 's not our place to decide . ' The public needs to decide whether these programs or policies are right or wrong , " he said . How much damage did they do ? Manning was acquitted Tuesday on the most serious charge of aiding the enemy , and experts say that clearly illustrates that the government did not provide convincing evidence that he helped enemies of the United States through his leaking . He was convicted on several other counts and now probably faces a lengthy term in a military prison . At Manning 's sentencing proceeding , the prosecution called retired Army Brig. Gen. Robert Carr , who at one point had headed up the Information Review Task Force , which assessed the possible damage that Manning 's actions had caused . Carr testified that there were concerns about some 900 Afghans who were identified in some way in the documents . But he did n't say if any of those Afghans were harmed . Asked if Manning had made the jobs of junior intelligence analysts more difficult by damaging their superiors ' trust in them , Carr said it was "  hugely important to empower these young intel analysts . " But experts outside the courtroom say the mere fact that sensitive information was able to be leaked by an Army private damaged the image of the U.S. and its ability to influence global affairs . "  Manning 's leaking of classified cables made diplomats and officials wonder , ` Well , if I talk to an American , will whatever I say wind up in the newspaper or published online ? " said James Lewis , director and senior fellow of technology and public policy program at the Center for Strategic & International Studies . "  It suggested to the world that we could n't keep secrets and we could n't control people with access to secrets . " Much of the information contained in Manning 's leaks was outdated , Lewis points out . Some of the cables were years old . Snowden case is different Snowden 's case is different , officials say , because he disclosed how the government actually collects telephone and online information , leaving the NSA to try to reassemble its surveillance networks . Justice Department and security officials have said that the surveillance programs were necessary to combat terrorist threats . In an interview with CNN , Secretary of State John Kerry called Snowden "  an individual who threatened this country and put Americans at risk . " "  People may die as a consequence of what this man did , " Kerry said . "  It is possible the United States will be attacked because terrorists may now know how to protect themselves in some way or another , that they did n't know before . " In congressional testimony , NSA Deputy Director John Inglis said that Snowden 's acts "  constituted an irresponsible and real damage to the capabilities " of the NSA . Former CIA chief Michael Hayden had some of the harshest language for Snowden . In a CNN op-ed , Hayden said that Snowden far eclipsed the damage that Manning caused . Read Hayden 's editorial "  First , there is the undeniable operational effect of informing adversaries of American intelligence 's tactics , techniques and procedures . Snowden 's disclosures go beyond the "  what " of a particular secret or source . He is busily revealing the "  how " of American collection , " Hayden wrote . ... "  there are already reports of counter-terrorism targets changing their communications patterns . And I would lose all respect for China 's Ministry of State Security and Russia 's FSB if they have not already fully harvested Snowden 's digital data trove . " Military law attorney Eugene Fidell told CNN that there is some good that can come of Snowden 's leaking , though the former president of the National Institute of Military Justice is quick to add that he has little sympathy for Snowden . His leaks helped lead to congressional hearings and a re-examination of how much intelligence gathering is appropriate and when it may be venturing into abusive territory . "  The public knowing , at least being aware , of the powers of the FISA court showed new and sweeping powers being exercised by the executive branch , " Fidell said . "  This is a democratic country , a democratic society . An informed electorate is essential . Not every voter should know everything , " he said . "  But there is increasing concern across the political spectrum " that those powers may be overreaching .	WikiLeaks leaker Bradley Manning was convicted of violations of the Espionage Act Edward Snowden disclosed sensitive programs run by the National Security Agency While they both leaked , their circumstances -- and future -- could be far different
CNN  -- Pro football player Donte Stallworth was in stable condition Sunday after a hot air balloon he was riding in crashed into power lines , his lawyer said . Doctors at Miami 's Jackson Memorial Hospital were treating Stallworth and a female companion for severe burns , attorney Christopher Lyons said . Police said the hot air balloon they were riding in plunged to the ground after hitting power lines in Miami on Saturday . The balloon 's pilot was not injured , CNN affiliate WSVN reported . "  I appreciate all the prayers and well wishes more than you know , " Stallworth said in a Twitter post late Saturday . "  I feel lucky to be alive . " The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating with the help of Miami-Dade police , Detective Roy Rutland said . The California native began his NFL career in 2002 with the New Orleans Saints and most recently played for the New England Patriots . He is a free agent . Drew Rosenhaus , Stallworth 's sports agent , said Saturday that his client is "  in good spirits . " "  He was injured , but will be fine , " said Rosenhaus , adding later that he hopes Stallworth is back playing "  in a matter of weeks . " "  He will be able to resume his NFL career , " Rosenhaus said . Beyond his on-field exploits -- from his time at the University of Tennessee to his years playing with the Saints , Patriots , Philadelphia Eagles , Cleveland Browns , Baltimore Ravens and Washington Redskins -- Stallworth is known for hitting and killing construction worker Mario Reyes , who was crossing a street in Miami in 2009 . Under a plea agreement , Stallworth was sentenced to 30 days in jail for DUI manslaughter . He also reached an "  amicable " settlement with the Reyes family , Lyons said . The NFL also suspended him for one season . CNN 's Rick Martin and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Doctors are treating pro football player Donte Stallworth for severe burns , his lawyer says A hot air balloon he was riding in crashed after hitting power lines in Miami The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating
The events in Ferguson , Missouri , are a "  tragedy , " but the U.N. Committee Against Torture "  has to respect the decision " of authorities not to prosecute police Officer Darren Wilson in the fatal shooting of Michael Brown , committee member Alessio Bruni said Friday . Bruni spoke at a news conference about the release of a committee report that criticizes , among other things , racial profiling and excessive use of force by U.S. police . While the report does not specifically mention the Ferguson case , it does express concern about the militarization of U.S. police departments . The U.S. was one of eight countries getting a periodic review of compliance with the U.N. Convention against Torture and Other Cruel , Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment . The other countries getting reports from the committee Friday were Sweden , Ukraine , Venezuela , Australia , Burundi , Croatia and Kazakhstan . Much of the 16-page report that focuses on the U.S. deals with Guantanamo Bay and the treatment of detainees there , but it also includes a section on police brutality and criticizes "  excessive use of force by law enforcement officials , in particular against persons belonging to certain racial and ethnic groups . " The report 's release comes about two weeks after Brown 's parents spoke to the committee in Geneva , Switzerland , in testimony behind closed doors . Though the talk was private , the delegation that organized their trip said the couple told the committee that Brown 's killing , and force used by police officers during protests that followed , "  represent violations of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel , Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment . " The U.N. report mentions "  deep concern at the frequent and recurrent police shootings or fatal pursuits of unarmed black individuals . " Instances of police brutality should be investigated by entities that have "  no institutional or hierarchical connection between the investigators and the alleged perpetrators , " the report recommends . The U.N committee also expressed concern about juveniles in the criminal justice system , the use of the death penalty and sexual violence in the U.S. military .	The U.S. is one of eight countries reported on by the U.N. Committee Against Torture U.N. panel criticizes excessive force and racial profiling by U.S. police Member says committee must respect grand jury 's decision in Ferguson , Missouri , case The U.N recommends independent investigations of police brutality
CNN  -- There is more water on the moon in more locations than originally thought , a discovery that may bolster NASA 's long-held goal of setting up an outpost there , a researcher said Thursday . NASA says there is more water on the moon in more locations than originally thought . One ton of the moon 's surface -- in which the water 's ingredients are held -- could yield as much as 32 ounces , or one quart , of water , according to three reports from research teams who studied data from three spacecrafts . Although that amount is n't large , said geological sciences professor Jack Mustard , the findings show "  there are ways you could convert these amounts of water into higher amounts " that could support human activity . The water was discovered in rocky environments and in craters , Mustard said . "  It 's in more places and in different places than were inferred previously , " he said . Since the Apollo missions began in the 1960s , scientists have believed the moon was virtually dry . Only trace amounts of water were found in rocks and soil brought back to Earth , and that water may have resulted from contamination during the retrieval process , scientists said . Watch report on discovery of more sources of moon water " Mustard was on a team led by Carle Pieters , science manager of the NASA-supported Keck Reflectance Experiment Laboratory at Brown University in Providence , Rhode Island . Pieters also is principal investigator for NASA 's Moon Mineralogy Mapper  M3  , which the space agency contributed to India 's first mission to the moon , Chandrayaan-1 , in October 2008 . The mapper was a "  state-of-the-art imaging spectrometer " that provided the first map of the entire lunar surface at high resolution , revealing the minerals of which it is made . Examining data from Chandrayaan-1 , Pieters ' team found signs of water at the moon 's frigid poles . The researchers believe it might have migrated from elsewhere on the moon 's surface , attracted by the cold , they said . Their overall findings also were confirmed by data from a high-tech spectrometer on the Cassini spacecraft -- which also found evidence of water at lower latitudes away from the poles -- and from infrared mapping done by the Deep Impact spacecrafts -- which found trace amounts over much of the moon 's surface . Reports on those findings came from teams led by Roger Clark of the U.S. Geological Survey and Jessica Sunshine of the University of Maryland . This most recent information is far more precise than any previous data , Mustard said . Previous measurements were "  the size of Texas , say , and now are the size of Providence . " "  We find it  water  distributed more broadly , " he added . In the late 1990s , scientists found pockets of hydrogen on the moon , and inferred that its molecules could bond with oxygen to make water , the professor said . He called the older information much coarser . This time , researchers are reassured that the components are on the moon to make water because of the presence of hydroxyl -- produced when hydrogen and oxygen also bond with a mineral structure . The researchers said the results also suggest that the molecules are continually being created on the lunar surface , perhaps as a result of the solar wind -- the stream of ionized particles ejected by the sun . The research reports were being posted Thursday by the journal Science , at the Science Express Web site , www.sciencexpress.org , and will be in the magazine that comes out Friday . A news conference on the findings is scheduled for Thursday afternoon in Washington .	NASA says there are small amounts of water in lunar soil Many scientists thought there was no water on the moon The discovery could expedite NASA 's plans to create lunar settlements About 32 ounces of water could be created from a ton of lunar soil , NASA says
CNN  -- Some people are wondering about the capability of the Secret Service after it was revealed that Omar Gonzalez , the fence jumper who breached White House security two weeks ago , made it much farther into the house than previously reported , running through the first floor before he was apprehended outside the Green Room . The details of Gonzalez 's intrusion , coupled with a new report on Tuesday that an armed security contractor was allowed to get into an elevator with the President on a recent trip to the Centers for Disease Control , plus a report that it took the Secret Service four days to learn that seven bullets had hit the White House 's residence area in 2011 and a string of other blunders in recent years  such as a couple crashing a state dinner and a prostitution scandal in Colombia  , have put the Secret Service under a harsh light . The problems plaguing the Secret Service go beyond PR embarrassments , and changes seem inevitable . But despite the cries of reform , significant alterations to the way the agency functions will be difficult and ultimately may not even be known to the public . A change at the top Secret Service Director Julia Pierson 's future is uncertain . On Tuesday , White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said President Obama has confidence in Pierson , whom he appointed in 2013 . But the fervor surrounding this incident does n't bode well for Pierson , the agency 's first female director . "  When you lie , and when you obfuscate and when you cover up , especially in the 21st century , that 's an offense you ca n't walk back from , " said Jeffrey Engel , director of the Center for Presidential History at Southern Methodist University and a Secret Service expert . "  That 's really the kiss of death for any leader . " How much blame Pierson actually deserves is entirely unknown , and the replacement of an agency head -- though often necessary because of optics -- is sometimes purely that : It does n't always bring about change . "  It 's basically impossible that agencies are so entrenched and so enmeshed in their own long-term culture that any change in personnel at the top is merely about symbolism , " Engel said . "  It 's unlikely in the short term to make any significant impact in how the agency operates . " Obama appointed Pierson as Secret Service director after her predecessor , Mark Sullivan , retired in early 2013 . Sullivan 's departure came in the wake of another scandal -- when several male agents on a presidential trip in Cartagena , Colombia , took prostitutes back to their hotel rooms -- that rocked the agency nearly a year earlier . Secret Service beefs up presence after 2 White House security incidents Obstacles to change Though its director is appointed directly by the president , the Secret Service is not its own government department . It has been a branch of the Department of Homeland Security since March 1 , 2003 , shortly after that department was established . Previously , the Secret Service had been part of the Treasury Department but was moved to streamline the various security measures around the president , the vice president and their families . "  The entire purpose of moving their institutional affiliation after the reforms , after 9/11 , was in order to allow them to focus on their core mission : to protect the president , " Engel said . "  This was supposed to streamline that and supposed to help with actual physical security issues . " Change in large bureaucratic structure at agencies such as Homeland Security  or even Treasury  is typically difficult and moves very slowly . Plus , the agency did not escape budget cuts in 2013 . There may also be a cultural roadblock to potential reform . "  The Secret Service has the attitude of ` we make do with less ; we can take care of any problem , ' " said investigative journalist Ron Kessler , a critic of the Secret Service who wrote about some of the details in the 2011 White House shooting in his book "  The First Family Detail . " The good news is that the Secret Service , which is highly selective , is much smaller than most government agencies , so change could be a bit easier . Secrecy factor The Secret Service has two missions : protecting the president , the vice president and their respective families , plus past presidents and presidential candidates , and investigating crimes including identity theft , counterfeiting and computer fraud . The protection responsibility is the more recognized of the two and the task that received the majority of the agency 's nearly $ 1.6 billion budget in 2014 : $ 920 million of that total allotment went to protection costs . Because of the nature of its mission , many of the agency 's protocols are secret . "  They assiduously do n't want their protocols available for the public to discuss , " Engel said . Even some changes in customs brought about by these incidents might not be publicly revealed . A strong record Recent incidents aside , the Secret Service , which has been protecting American presidents since 1906 , still boasts a generally impressive record . Hundreds of fence jumpers have been apprehended immediately , thousands of presidential trips have gone off without a hitch domestically and overseas , an untold number of threats have been neutralized , and there 's been an ability to keep up with ever-evolving technology that poses new dangers . Secret Service director calls White House intrusion ` unacceptable '	Significant changes to the Secret Service could be difficult to implement The Secret Service operates as a part of the Department of Homeland Security The agency is facing harsh criticism after an unprecedented White House breach
Ortley Beach , New Jersey  CNN  -- Anthony Duszczak cast an eye towards the roiling sea and shrugged . "  We 're staying , we 're local . We 'll figure it out . " His dad , Wayne , feels the same . "  You do n't get to see many things here normally -- everything 's pretty boring , " he says . Not boring today , though , and it will be less so in the hours ahead . Wayne , 62 , is a retired field technician for Verizon . He lives here year round and feels safe . "  We 'll be fine , " he tells me . "  If it floods , I 've got a boat , and if we need to get out quick I 've got a big truck . " Anthony , 20 , was born on the island and has lived here his entire life . "  I 'm a surfer and the waves are normally good after a storm , " he says as the wind whips down their street , shooting stinging nettles of rain into our faces . "  It 's pretty crazy but I 'm sure we 'll be OK . " We 're on Ortley Beach on New Jersey 's barrier islands -- one of the frontlines awaiting the official arrival of Sandy . Packed with vacationers during the summer months , it 's quieter this time of year . Most of those who remain are retired , or tourism workers taking some down time . If our few hours there showed Sandy 's warm-up , her actual arrival might make Wayne and Anthony Duszczak regret their decision to stay . Hours ahead of the worst of the weather , sea water cascades down residential streets . Debris is already piling up on side streets , some of it jetsam from the ocean , some of it washed from front yards . Down the road at the Joey Harrison Surf Club , a local landmark , damage is already being done . The outside wooden deck is gone , the railings too , and the surf that is normally at least 50 yards away across the beach is rolling inside the club . A door is shattered , hanging by its hinge , the floor sodden , and members ' faces long . "  This could be worse than 1962 , " says one of the club managers , Gordy Mack . "  If it 's like this now , who knows what it will be like tonight . " Gordy is one of those planning to stay through the storm . As we speak , one of the biggest waves of the day smacks into the concrete patio and spills over us as we run inside . The wave follows us . More to clean up tomorrow . Local police chief Mike Mastronardy says emergency workers have done what they can . "  We 've had the mandatory evacuation order out and most folks have gone , but some are determined to stay , " he says . "  But I 'm worried . The sea has broken through the dunes in several places and we 're not even close to the worst of this . " The vast majority of residents have heeded the call to leave , and there 's a ghost town feeling . Those who have ignored the advice to leave are hunkered down . Not far away we find Joe Lewis taking a cell phone video of the sea coming over the dunes and coursing down a street . "  I 'm not staying -- it 's a little ridiculous , " he says . "  I want to be able to live through this . "  It 's pretty bad . I was talking to one of my friends who was here in 62 and he 's leaving , so ... " Joe heads to his car to leave the island , leaving his unfinished sentence to speak for itself . We head back across the bridge to the mainland . "  Glad you got back , " says one of the police officers who 's helping block access the other way . "  Gon na be a long night . "	On New Jersey 's barrier islands , most residents are leaving A few locals remain to see out Hurricane Sandy Rising water breaks through dunes and floods streets
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Ray J Norwood has been charged with four misdemeanors in a case in which he 's accused of grabbing a woman 's buttocks , smashing a police car window and spitting on a cop . The Los Angeles County district attorney on Monday filed the charges against the singer stemming from an incident at a Beverly Hills hotel on May 30 , a court filing said . Norwood , 33 , is infamous as Kim Kardashian 's partner in the sex tape that launched her reality show career . A police spokesman said Norwood 's initial hearing is set for Friday , although he does not have to attend since the charges are misdemeanors . The criminal complaint lists four counts : sexual battery , vandalism , resisting arrest and battery . Ray J 's publicist declined to comment about the charges . Beverly Hills police arrested him at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel on May 30 after a woman complained that he "  grabbed her buttocks , " a police statement said . Although the initial police report said it was decided that the "  contact was incidental , " the complaint alleged that it was sexual battery because Ray J did "  unlawfully touch an intimate part " of the woman for the "  specific purpose of sexual arousal , sexual gratification and sexual abuse . " The vandalism , battery and resisting arrest charges filed by the Los Angeles County district attorney stem from what happened after police arrived at the hotel . Norwood "  became belligerent with the valets and refused to leave , " despite repeated requests by hotel security , the police statement said . "  After the uniform police officers took Mr. Norwood into custody and placed him in the rear of a police vehicle , he became belligerent and used his feet to shatter the side window of the police vehicle , " the police statement said . "  Mr. Norwood was subsequently removed from the police vehicle in order to restrain his feet ; at which time he became combative and spat into the face of one of the officers . " Former Destiny 's Child member arrested after NFL players call police on her John McEnroe 's son arrested on drug charges	Ray J Norwood is infamous as Kim Kardashian 's partner in a sex tape He allegedly grabbed a woman 's buttocks , smashed a window and spat on a cop The singer was arrested at a Beverly Hills hotel on May 30 Ray J 's publicist declined to comment about the charges
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The House of Representatives on Tuesday night passed an energy bill clearing the way for more oil drilling off U.S. coasts , but not nearly as much as Republican leaders wanted . The bill was passed by a vote of 236-189 . Many Republicans opposed the bill because it would allow new oil drilling only between 50 and 100 miles offshore . Republicans generally want to allow new drilling starting 3 miles from shore . Republicans also objected to provisions repealing tax cuts for the oil industry and what they said was a lack of incentive for states to allow drilling on their land . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , a California Democrat , told reporters Tuesday : "  The American taxpayers have been ripped off for years on offshore drilling . This bill changes that . " Before the vote , Pelosi said the bill presented a choice between "  the status quo , which is preferred by Big Oil , " and "  change for the future to take our country in a new direction . " Fifteen Republicans voted for the largely Democrat-backed bill . Thirteen Democrats voted against it . The Senate , meanwhile , could vote on various energy proposals , including more offshore drilling , as early as this week . The House bill would require states to give their permission for drilling on their land . It also would offer incentives for renewable energy , require the government to release oil from its emergency reserve , and force oil companies to drill on federal lands they already lease from the government . Democratic leaders had previously opposed Republican-led efforts to repeal a 1981 law barring most offshore drilling . But they changed course over the August recess , saying their new plans would allow some expanded drilling . See where U.S. offshore drilling is banned " But Republicans say the House bill would n't expand offshore drilling enough . Before the vote , Rep. Mike Pence , an Indiana Republican , called the bill "  a charade , " denying it would do what its backers claim . "  This is not ` yes ' to drilling . This is ` yes , but , ' " he said . "  This is ` yes , but no drilling in Alaska , no drilling in the Eastern Gulf , no drilling inside 50 miles , ' " Pence said . "  This is ` yes , but no litigation reform that will prevent radical environmental attorneys from tying up leases even before a single shovel of dirt is turned . ' " Democrats and Republicans traded harsh words on the House floor Tuesday in the debate over the bill . Rep. Anthony Weiner , a New York Democrat , said President Bush 's "  idea of an energy policy is holding hands with the crown prince of Saudi Arabia , embracing him with a big smooch . " When the Republicans "  controlled Congress , -LSB- they -RSB- passed their own energy bill , signed into law by the president . We got into this mess , " Weiner said . But Rep. Jeb Hensarling , a Texas Republican , shot back that the Democrats ' bill is a "  sham " and a "  fraud . " "  This is a bill designed to ensure Democrats ' re-election , not designed to ensure affordable energy in America , " Hensarling said . Hensarling also complained about how the bill was brought to the floor : "  No amendments , no substitutes , no committee hearings . Is this democracy ? No . "	NEW : Bill passes by 236-189 vote Democrats ' plan would expand offshore drilling , but Republicans not satisfied Some Republicans fought proposal , saying too many areas still would be banned Republican representative : "  This is not ` yes ' to drilling . This is ` yes , but ' "
CNN  -- As a male model , Andrej Pejic blazed trails with an androgynous look that saw him walking the runway in women 's fashion shows . Now Pejic is Andreja . "  I always dreamt of being a girl , " Pejic revealed to People magazine about her recent gender reassignment surgery . "  One of my earliest memories is spinning around in my mom 's skirt trying to look like a ballerina . " Andrej Pejic : High fashion , minus the labels The Serbian-born model said that growing up she was "  hiding who I was . " At 13 , she told People , "  I went into the library and typed ` sex change ' into Google and my life changed . " The aspiring actress has appeared in a David Bowie video short and has snagged a small part in Sofia Coppola 's upcoming film , "  The Little Mermaid , " according to the Internet Movie Database . Pejic is taking a cue from another transgendered celeb , "  Orange Is the New Black " star Laverne Cox , opting not to share the details of her surgery . "  What 's in between anyone 's legs is not who they are , " she said . In the spotlight : Carmen Carrera The model said she is happy and settling into her life months after her surgery . She is speaking out , she said , because she feels a sense of social responsibility . She now feels "  100 percent , " she tells People . "  I was proud of my gender nonconforming career , " Pejic says to the magazine . "  But my biggest dream was to be comfortable in my own body . I have to be true to myself and the career is just going to have to fit around that . "	Andreja Pejic reveals her transition to People magazine She tells magazine that as a teen she Googled "  sex change " Pejic says she feels it 's her social responsibility to share her story
CNN  -- It figures that the only person who could n't leave the Tuscan island of Elba fast enough is the one locals seems to love the most . Italy 's third largest island celebrated the 200th anniversary of Napoleon Bonaparte 's arrival on Sunday . Hundreds of Napoleon enthusiasts traveled to Elba to reenact the diminutive emperor 's arrival at the prow of a large row boat . Dressed in period costume , they milled about the island awaiting the highlight of the day -- when "  Napoleon " himself finally showed up to the salute of cannons and cheers . Happy 200th Mister Bonaparte Elaborate reenactments are staged annually on the island , but have been ramped up for 2014 to mark Napoleon 's bicentennial on Elba . The French emperor was exiled here following his forced abdication of the throne in 1814 . He ruled as the island 's sovereign for 300 days before escaping back to France . 10 things Italy does better than anywhere else The people of Elba recall his legacy fondly -- he 's credited with improving the lot of the islanders and locals still say Mass for him each May 5 at the island 's Chiesa della Misericordia  Church of Mercy  . Upcoming events for the bicentennial include the exhibition of a large field tent from which Napoleon directed military operations during his campaigns . There 's also the Napoleon 's Regatta yacht race , which arrives in Portoferraio on June 13 , and a walking festival visiting Napoleon-related sites on the island . Roman holidays Elba is a popular vacation island with Romans in particular and its most famous attractions are Napoleon 's former cribs . The Villa dei Mulini was his primary pad on the island while the Villa Napoleonica di San Martino was his summer residence -- apparently just the one summer though . Both are now museums . Portoferraio is n't short of classy hotels , but the down-budget Albergo Ape Elbana might be more of interest given that it once received Napoleon 's guests .	Tuscany 's Elba Island is celebrating 200th anniversary of Napoleon 's exile to Elba Reenactment of emperor 's arrival is one of many events for the bicentennial The people of Elba remember Napoleon 's legacy fondly
Chicago  CNN  -- Jurors deliberated a full day without reaching a verdict Thursday in the trial of a man accused of killing the mother , brother and 7-year-old nephew of entertainer Jennifer Hudson . William Balfour , Hudson 's former brother-in-law , faces charges of first-degree murder , home invasion , residential burglary and possession of a stolen vehicle . He has pleaded not guilty , and his lawyer has argued that there is no forensic evidence linking him to the killings . Heated closing arguments Wednesday set a tense tone in the courtroom before the judge sent the 12 jurors into deliberations . The singer-actress kept her head down during much of Cook County Prosecutor Jennifer Bagby 's closing argument . After showing autopsy photos of the victims , Bagby pointed toward Balfour . "  It 's time to hold him responsible , " she said . "  They have failed to prove their case , " Balfour 's attorney Amy Thompson said Wednesday during her closing argument , her voice rising . "  He is on trial for his life . " Thompson argued that police homed in on Balfour rather than conducting a full investigation . "  In their mind , this was n't a whodunnit , " she said . No DNA evidence points to Balfour , said Thompson , who also questioned police work in the case , describing a set of keys that she said surfaced on an evidence list a month after the slayings . "  Those keys show how desperate the state was . They resorted to this . ... My client is an innocent man , " she said . But prosecutors argued that physical and circumstantial evidence links Balfour to the killings and described as "  absurd " defense claims that police may have planted evidence or been part of a conspiracy to frame Balfour . Prosecutor Jim McKay told jurors that there was a "  tsunami of circumstantial evidence . " "  The circumstantial facts of this case are drowning this guy in guilt , " he said . Bagby said in her closing argument that Balfour had threatened to kill the family of Julia Hudson , Jennifer Hudson 's sister . "  If you leave me , I 'll kill you . I 'll kill your family first . You 'll be the last to die , " he had said , according to Bagby . "  He went in that house for one reason , and one reason only , to carry out that threat , " Bagby told jurors . Balfour is accused of fatally shooting Hudson 's mother , Darnell Donerson , 57 , and the singer 's brother , Jason Hudson , 29 , in their Chicago home in October 2008 . The body of Hudson 's 7-year-old nephew , Julian King , was found three days later in an abandoned vehicle . Prosecutors have portrayed Balfour as a jealous man who murdered the three people in a rage at the thought that his wife had a boyfriend . In her closing argument , Bagby said Balfour shot Hudson 's mother as she tried to defend herself with a broom . "  He fired that gun at her over and over and over , " Bagby said . McKay called Balfour "  a true coward . " "  He shoots a 57-year-old grandmother in the back . He shoots a 29-year-old man in his sleep . He shoots a 7-year-old twice in the head , " McKay told jurors . "  The family , the community , the city , the country demand justice . " There have been 83 witnesses and 11 days of testimony in the trial . Hudson , who was on hand through the trial , was called as the prosecution 's first witness . She broke down in tears several times on the stand as she recalled her family . "  None of us wanted her to marry him , " Hudson said of her sister 's decision to marry Balfour . "  We did not like how he treated her . "  Where he was , I tried not to be , " she said . The deaths took place a year after Hudson , who rose to fame as a contestant on "  American Idol , " won an Oscar for her role in the movie "  Dreamgirls . " In a recent interview with CNN 's Piers Morgan , Hudson reflected on the life of her mother . "  My mother was a very wise and strong person . I feel like she raised us well , and she prepared me well , and so that 's what I live by , " she said . Her career has continued to blossom and remains varied since her relatives ' deaths . Recent milestones include penning a memoir detailing her struggles with her weight ; being cast as Nelson Mandela 's ex-wife , Winnie , in an upcoming movie ; releasing a new album ; and singing a well-received tribute to Whitney Houston at the Grammy Awards in February . CNN 's Katherine Wojtecki contributed to this report .	NEW : No verdict after a full day of deliberations A prosecutor says a "  tsunami of circumstantial evidence " shows Balfour 's guilt A defense attorney argues that prosecutors "  failed to prove their case "
Hefei , China  CNN  -- The murder trial of Gu Kailai , the wife of a recently deposed top official in the Chinese Communist Party , has begun in the eastern China city of Hefei , local officials said Thursday . Gu and a family aide , Zhang Xiaojun , are accused of poisoning Neil Heywood , a British businessman who was found dead in the southwestern Chinese metropolis of Chongqing in November . The trial is the latest phase in the fall from grace of the prominent family of Bo Xilai , Gu 's husband , who until earlier this year had appeared destined to join the elite committee of leaders at the top of China 's ruling party . The saga has become the most sensational Chinese political scandal in recent years , creating an extraordinary set of challenges for the central government as it prepares for a once-in-a-decade leadership transition later this year . Heywood , a 41-year-old British citizen , was found dead in a hotel in Chongqing , the city where Bo was the Communist Party chief . But the trial is taking place in Hefei , in Anhui province , more than 1,200 kilometers  750 miles  east of Chongqing , where lingering support for Bo and his family remains . "  This is definitely more than a criminal trial , " said Wenran Jiang , a professor of political science at the University of Alberta . He added that the process is being closely watched for signs of what might happen to Bo , who is being investigated for "  serious discipline violations " after being removed from his Chongqing and party posts . Gu 's family had wanted to hire two prominent Beijing lawyers to represent her , but Chinese authorities have chosen two local attorneys to form her defense team , a family friend told CNN on Wednesday . The family is sending one of the attorneys -- along with another well-known Beijing attorney -- into the courtroom as observers , with the approval of the court , said the friend , who asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the case . The cards appear to be stacked against Gu and Zhang , who are at the mercy of a Chinese court system that has been criticized by human rights advocates as being little more than a tool of the country 's powerful state security apparatus . "  In this trial , frankly speaking , nobody believes that it 's a totally independent judiciary and it will be judged just on the merits of the case , " Jiang said . "  It has been managed by the most senior level of leadership at every step . " The defendants have n't seen their relatives since they were arrested in early April , a friend of Gu 's family said last week . Bo has not been seen in public since he was stripped of his titles . When the murder charges were announced last month , Xinhua , the state-run news agency , reported that "  the facts of the two defendants ' crime are clear , and the evidence is irrefutable and substantial . " If convicted , the two could face the death penalty . The Xinhua report said that Gu and the couple 's son , Bo Guagua , had "  conflicts " with Heywood "  over economic interests . " It alleged that Gu and Zhang had poisoned the Briton because Gu was worried that he was "  threat to her son 's personal security . " International media reports have speculated about the nature of Heywood 's work in China and his ties to the Bo family . He had lived in China for more than a decade and was married to a Chinese woman . Among the companies he advised was a consulting firm founded by former officers of the British spy agency MI6 . Bo Guagua , 24 , said in an e-mail Tuesday that he had submitted a witness statement to the defense team for his mother . "  I have faith that facts will speak for themselves , " wrote Bo , who graduated from Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government in May . He previously attended Oxford , graduating in 2010 . His illustrious education is an indication of the influence and ambitions of his family , which is now engulfed by scandal . As the son of Bo Yibo , one the "  eight immortals " of the revolution that created modern China , Bo Xilai was considered a strong contender for promotion into the Standing Committee of the party 's Politburo , whose nine members decide how to run China . He stood out as one of China 's most dynamic and controversial politicians , notably for his populist policies in Chongqing that promoted Chinese Communist culture and aimed to crack down on organized crime . Gu is also descended from a revolutionary hero : Maj. Gen. Gu Jingsheng , a prominent military figure . Fluent in English , she is a lawyer who took a leading role in a legal battle in the United States involving several Chinese firms . She eventually won the lawsuit for the Chinese companies and later wrote a book about it . As well as being involved in her most notable professional triumph , the United States has also played a role in her undoing . The case she is now facing may never have come to light had it not been for an extraordinary series of actions by Wang Lijun , Bo 's longtime lieutenant . Officials had quickly blamed Heywood 's death on excessive alcohol consumption , and his body was cremated without an autopsy . But on February 6 , Wang , the former police chief who had run the anti-crime push in Chongqing that helped to build Bo 's reputation , sought refuge at the U.S. Consulate in nearby Chengdu . He wanted political asylum and apparently feared for his life . Media reports and online posts have claimed that he had clashed with Bo after suggesting that Heywood had been poisoned amid a business dispute with Gu . He gave information about Heywood 's death to U.S. officials before he left the consulate and was taken into custody by Chinese security forces . The British government was made aware of Wang 's comments and made a formal request to the Chinese authorities to investigate the case on February 15 . A month later , Xinhua announced that Bo had been removed as party secretary of Chongqing . And less than a month after that , Gu and Zhang were arrested . The case has forced the Communist leadership to confront allegations of wrongdoing by a high-ranking member in an unusually public way , according to Douglas Paal , a top China analyst at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington . "  The disruption of his departure from office and his wife 's crimes have made it difficult to present a facade of unity to their people , " Paal said . That united front has been key to ruling China for 2,000 years , he said . The current generation of leaders has been particularly sensitive to maintaining it since 1989 , when the party hierarchy split over how to deal with the pro-democracy demonstrations in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square . CNN 's Jaime A. Florcruz , Jethro Mullen , Jason Kessler and Matt Smith , and journalist Peter Shadbolt contributed to this report .	The trial gets under way in the eastern city of Hefei , officials say Gu Kailai and a family aide are accused of murdering a British businessman Gu 's husband , Bo Xilai , is a former top official who has been stripped of his posts The defendants have n't seen their families since April , a friend says
Washington  CNN  -- The FBI and Justice Department are undertaking a broad review of thousands of criminal cases to see if any defendants were wrongly convicted based on faulty forensic analysis . An FBI official said Thursday the issue is whether in some cases FBI experts went too far in trial testimony and drew more conclusions than existing scientific techniques could support . "  The department and the FBI are in the process of identifying historical cases for review where a microscopic hair examination conducted by the FBI was among the evidence in a case that resulted in a conviction , " said Justice Department spokeswoman Nanda Chitre on Wednesday . "  We remain committed to working closely with our law enforcement partners to go through thousands of cases , all of which are more than a decade old , and to assemble evidence for purposes of conducting a thorough and meaningful review of convictions . " Convictions and corrections : A look at the numbers behind wrongful imprisonment The Washington Post first reported the review . This follows a report by the newspaper in April that Justice officials had known for years that questionable forensic work might have occurred in some trials in which defendants were convicted , but that no new look at the cases had taken place , and that defendants and their lawyers had not been informed of possible problems in the evidence . The review will include cases in which the FBI lab was involved . In addition to analyzing evidence in federal cases , the lab provides assistance to state and local law enforcement agencies . FBI forensic examiners have testified in trials throughout the country . The FBI has been able to provide more thorough analysis of small or degraded hair sample evidence since it began using mitochondrial DNA testing in 1996 . On Tuesday , federal prosecutors in Washington said a man convicted of a 1981 rape and home invasion is innocent and his conviction should be vacated . Kirk Odom , 49 , spent 22 years in prison and was released in 2003 . His case was highlighted by the Washington Post in April as one involving faulty forensic analysis . The U.S. attorney 's office for the District of Columbia said recent DNA testing in the case proved Odom was not the culprit . Instead , it said , the sample matched another man in the FBI 's Combined DNA Index System who had previously been convicted of a sex crime . That person will not be charged in the 1981 rape because the statute of limitations has expired . The Justice Department did not estimate how long it will take to go through cases or how many total cases may be reviewed . Officials said they will work on the review with two independent groups , the Innocence Project and the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers . County settles for $ 4.1 million in wrongful imprisonment suit	The review is looking for defendants wrongly convicted based on faulty forensic testimony The action follows a Washington Post report that the Justice Department knew of problems The Justice Department did not estimate how long it will take to go through cases
CNN  -- Switzerland 's part-time soldiers could lose their famous right to store their weapons at home . Switzerland 's part-time soldiers could lose the right to store their weapons at home . A coalition led by the country 's Social Democrat party and the Greens has collected nearly 120,000 signatures to force a national referendum on whether the weapons should be stored at military bases . The coalition of 74 groups says the weapons are involved in too many suicides and murders in the country and tighter controls are needed . Switzerland 's armed forces consist of just a few thousand permanent full-time staff , with the rest essentially a militia . Service in the militia is compulsory for men aged between 19 and 31 and in between call-ups they store their weapons at home . There are currently around 220,000 conscripts . However , a 2007 law change banned the storage of ammunition in homes . The coalition is looking to extend this , control the purchase of military weapons and set up a national gun register . Green lawmaker Josef Lang said more than 1.5 million unused weapons were kept in Swiss homes . Lang said their presence "  at the heart " of the population could not be justified . He said a national register had to be created to keep track of the weapons , something police had long been seeking . Lang said the weapons had to be "  banished " from homes . Barbara Weil , of the Swiss Medical Association , said it had been scientifically proven that if the guns were less freely available the number of suicides would drop . The studies had also shown that other methods of suicide did not increase in countries who had brought in stricter gun controls . The coalition estimates that 300 deaths annually are connected to gun use .	Swiss soldiers could lose their famous right to store their weapons at home Coalition of groups get enough signatures for referendum on gun laws They want weapons stored on bases and a national register
AOL Autos  -- The lines are crisp , the roofline looks sleek , and the wide stance of the wheels gives the car a performance-oriented feeling . Even though the Taurus is a full-size car , the amount of passenger room still surprised us . If you were n't standing inside the Ford booth at the Detroit Auto Show , you 'd think you were looking a new luxury car -- probably an import -- not the all-new , full-size 2010 Ford Taurus . No Taurus in recent memory ever looked this good , and the transformation is welcomed because 2008-2009 Taurus is n't a great looking car . Knowing this truth , Ford decided to do something drastic . The all-new design is decidedly upscale . There 's not a hint of the dowdy old style to be found . The exterior style is dominated by a sculpted hood , pronounced front fenders , and character line that runs front to back ending at the tall trailing edge of the rear fenders . Inside , a forward-leaning center control cluster clearly makes the new Taurus a five-seater . New production techniques have yielded better looking and richer feeling dash and door coverings . As evidenced in recently introduced models , Ford knows how to craft high-quality and visually pleasing interiors . Panel gaps and materials appear on par with luxury cars . AOL Autos : 2010 Ford Taurus photo gallery Even though the Taurus is a full-size car , the amount of passenger room still surprised us . The adjective "  huge " comes to mind . The trunk , thanks to the high profile of the rear fenders and the tall deck , is likewise enormous . Back in the days of drive-in movies , it would have been easy to fit three stow-aways back there with room for soda and chips . The 2010 Ford Taurus should have the moves to match its trimmer more athletic looks . The mechanicals are based on the Lincoln MKS , a capable performance sedan . The standard engine is a refined 3.5-liter V-6  also used in the Lincoln  , generating an estimated 263 horsepower . Along with earning ULEV-II emissions certification front-wheel-drive Taurus  all-wheel drive is optional  is expected to deliver unsurpassed highway fuel economy in the class , but Ford has n't yet released mpg estimates . Every Taurus will be equipped with a six-speed automatic . On SEL and Limited models  the SE is the base model  , the transmission will feature paddle shifters on the steering wheel , a manual shift mode , and rev-matching downshifts deliver a sportier driving experience . Compared to the outgoing model , the chassis components under the 2010 Taurus should provide sportier ride dynamics . Ford engineers promise more roll stiffness and more responsive steering . Like the MKS , the new Ford uses struts up front and multi-link , fully-independent arrangement in the rear . AOL Autos : Detroit Auto Show overview Ford added a healthy helping of technology to the 2010 Taurus . Many of these features were once found exclusively in high-end luxury cars , but now Ford is making them mainstream . The list of options includes : Adaptive cruise control that uses radar to adjust the car 's cruising speed in traffic ; keyless entry with push-button start ; and Ford 's SecuriCode Keyless Entry Keypad with a new keypad flush-mounted on the driver 's side B-pillar . These are added to the latest version of Ford 's SYNC infotainment interface that includes turn-by-turn route guidance  SYNC and GM 's OnStar are in a heated battle to out-feature the other  . AOL Autos : Full coverage of the Detroit Auto Show Offering even more travel-type information is optional voice-activated NAV with SIRIUS Travel Link that uses a large eight-inch touch screen . The Travel Link subscription provides current weather conditions  real-time radar  , a five-day forecast , local fuel pricing by cost per gallon as well as brand , sports scores and movie listings . One especially interesting option is what Ford is calling multi-contour front seats . These seats include six-way lumbar support and subtle rolling pattern massage . The minute but continuous movement stirs a change of muscular activation helping a driver avoid back pain and help reduce long-distance driving fatigue . We ca n't wait to log a few hundred miles sitting in these to see if they perform as promised . AOL Autos : Ford Mustang Shelby GT500 On the safety front , the 2010 Taurus is well equipped with standards including six air bags  including two-row side canopy units  , electronic stability control , ABS , traction control , automatic high beams , rain-sensing wipers , plus a post-crash feature that unlocks all doors , flashes the emergency flashers , and sounds the horn in an event of an airbag deployment . Safety enhancing options include a collision warning system that 's part of the adaptive cruise control . When the potential for a collision is detected , the brakes are pre-charged for faster response , and a visual "  heads-up " warning signal is flashed on the base of the windshield . AOL Autos : Cadillac CTS Sport Wagon debuts Drivers are also warned of traffic they might not see on the highway or in parking lots by Ford 's Blind Spot Information and Cross Traffic Alert systems that use rear - and side-aiming radar . Additionally , Ford 's SYNC now includes a 911 Assist enhancement that will place a call to a local emergency operator in the event of an air bag deployment incident . Regardless of your take on the old Taurus , this 2010 edition looks to offer a level of technology and style never before offered for only $ 25,995 . Expect to see it in dealers this summer . We 'll bring you a full drive report as soon as test cars become available . Rex Roy is an automotive writer based in Detroit .	New full-size 2010 Ford Taurus looks more like a luxury car Exterior style dominated by a sculpted hood , pronounced front fenders Taurus comes with optional voice-activated NAV with SIRIUS Travel Link Ford 's SYNC now includes a 911 Assist enhancement
CNN  -- The goals just keep flowing for Lionel Messi , who on Sunday surpassed soccer legend Pele 's mark of 75 in a calendar year to help Barcelona bounce back from a rare defeat . The Argentina star netted twice in the 4-2 win at Mallorca that kept the Catalans three points clear in Spain 's La Liga , leaving him just nine short of Gerd Muller 's all-time record . The 25-year-old , who became a first-time father earlier this month , was able to put a bit more enthusiasm into his new thumb-sucking celebration than when he scored late in the shock midweek Champions League loss to Scottish side Celtic . "  Leo continually breaks records . His goal tally is spectacular , " said Barca manager Tito Vilanova , who has yet to experience a domestic league defeat after his first 11 matches in charge , equaling the best start to a season set by Real Madrid . "  It takes other great players seven or eight seasons to score the amount of goals he scores in one season . Also , some of his goals are absolute beauties . " Read blog : Is loyalty Barca 's biggest strength ? Messi has now scored 64 goals for his club and 12 for his country this year , from just 59 matches overall . Pele managed 75 from 53 as a 17-year-old in 1958 , helping Brazil to win the World Cup for the first of a record five times . Muller , a World Cup winner in 1974 , surpassed Pele 's record in a year that West Germany won the European Championship . Messi has yet to win a senior title with Argentina , though he won Olympic gold with the under-23 side in 2008 . He has nine matches left this year to catch Muller -- six in La Liga , two in the Champions League and one in the Spanish Cup . His two goals against Malaga gave him 15 in the league this season , three clear of his big rival Cristiano Ronaldo -- who scored the opener in Real Madrid 's 2-1 win on a waterlogged pitch at Levante in Sunday 's late match . Ronaldo , switched to a central attacking role with Karim Benzema and Gonzalo Higuain out injured , suffered an early blow above the eye and was taken off at halftime . The Portugal captain is now Real 's seventh highest league scorer with 124 goals since his arrival from Manchester United in 2009 in a world-record $ 130 million transfer . Levante leveled in the second half through Angel Rodriguez , but 20-year-old Alvaro Morata headed an 84th-minute winner with his first touch of the ball on his debut to keep Jose Mourinho 's third-placed defending champions eight points behind Barcelona . Real inflicted Levante 's first home defeat this season , hitting the crossbar twice and missing a penalty by Xabi Alonso , whose late freekick set up substitute Morata 's winner . Atletico Madrid retained second place after beating Getafe 2-0 . Adrian Lopez scored a first-half opener after his initial attempt was saved , while Arda Turan 's second-half effort was allowed to stand despite a clear handball in the buildup . In Italy , Inter Milan failed to reduce Juventus ' four-point lead after suffering a surprise 3-2 defeat at Atalanta . Veteran striker German Denis netted in the 60th and 67th minutes to put the home side 3-1 ahead , while Inter reduced the deficit through his fellow Argentine Rodrigo Palacio before Atalanta substitute Facundo Parra was sent off in time added on . Napoli stayed third with a 4-2 win at Genoa , while fourth-placed Fiorentina won 3-1 away to troubled 2010-11 Serie A champions AC Milan . Milan 's sixth defeat in 12 league games left last season 's runners-up in 13th place , with coach Massimiliano Allegri 's future increasingly in doubt . Lazio consolidated fifth place with a 3-2 win in the capital derby against Roma , as both teams had a player sent off . In Germany , Bayer Leverkusen missed the chance to go above fourth-placed champions Borussia Dortmund after losing 3-1 to third-bottom Wolfsburg . Leverkusen stayed a point above Hanover , who won 4-2 at Stuttgart .	Lionel Messi scores twice as Barcelona beat Mallorca 4-2 on Sunday Argentine forward moves past Pele 's landmark 75 goals in a calendar year He now has nine more matches to beat the record set by Gerd Muller in 1972 Messi 's rival Cristiano Ronaldo suffers eye injury in Real Madrid victory
Ask 100 robotics scientists why they 're inspired to create modern-day automatons and you may get 100 different answers . For a team at Harvard University , it 's termites . "  Not the ones around here that destroy buildings , but the ones on other continents that build ... mounds more than 40 feet tall , " said Justin Werfel , a staff scientist at Harvard 's Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering . "  Somehow , all of them working together can build these large-scale , complicated things . " The Harvard team members have created their own set of simple robots that they 're trying to teach to emulate those termites . The result , so far , of the TERMES Project is a squad of autonomous robots that can be instructed to build towers , castles and pyramids out of foam bricks , then successfully negotiate their way around the things they create . It 's part of a movement called "  swarm robotics , " and it 's pretty much the opposite of all the Terminators and Cylons that we 've grown up with in the science-fiction realm . "  Typically , when you think of robotics , you think of one human-like , complicated robot , " said Kristin Petersen , an academic fellow who spearheaded the design and construction of the TERMES robots . "  Instead , in swarm robotics , we 're looking at large numbers of simple ones . Rather than a robot being like a human , it 's more like a bunch of robots that are like an ant colony . " Or , you know , a termite colony . Petersen and Werfel said they both had independently thought about emulating mound-building termites , which live mainly in Africa , Australia and South America . READ : 10 pop-culture robots that shaped the future The team has gone to Namibia twice to study the termites there and plans a third visit . The scientists say the current TERMES robots are a basic version of what they 'd like to create once they have a better idea of how millions of termites work together on a single , massive project , sometimes long after the insects who started the construction are dead . The team 's robots take cues from each other based on which parts of the job have already been finished . So , when one robot leaves , say , a brick in a particular location , that tells the next robot what needs to be done next . "  The power 's in the swarm , " Petersen said . "  The power is in not having a single point of failure because you have this one really advanced robot . The power is in sending out a bunch of robots that are really simple and hoping that some of them will succeed . " That 's a key difference between TERMES and other swarm projects . Many others work more like an ant colony or beehive , with a single "  queen " giving instructions to a team of underlings . In the long run , Werfel said , the TERMES system could be used on projects "  where we want construction done , but we do n't want people to be the ones to do it . " That could be scenarios where it 's difficult , expensive or dangerous to use human crews . "  If we wanted to have a Mars base and we could send a team of robots on ahead to build the habitat first , that 's obviously a big advantage for the human astronauts who would show up later , " he said . Of course , the team acknowledges that such lofty goals are a long way off . But in the nearer term , the scientists can see termite-inspired swarm robots being used for tasks like building dikes and piling sandbags during floods , keeping humans out of harm 's way . "  If some of them get swept away by rising waters , none of the others need even take notice , " Werfel said . "  They do n't have to do anything differently . They just keep working . " Added Petersen : "  We 're not intending to replace humans . We 're intending to work in situations where humans ca n't work or it 's impractical for them to work . "	Harvard researchers create "  swarm robotics " construction crew Small , simple robots work together to build structures The TERMES project is based on mound-building termites Creators say swarm robots could do dangerous jobs like build levies in floods
CNN  -- When the January 12 earthquake hit Haiti , I watched hour upon hour of coverage on CNN . Like everyone else in the world , I saw images that were among the most horrifying caused by a natural disaster in our time . I had never been to Haiti at the time . Like many , I have friends and even family members of Haitian descent . But what occurred to me and most others were the questions : "  How could this happen and be so destructive ? " "  Why the lack of infrastructure ? " "  Why the lack of preparation for disaster ? " No country could be totally prepared for that kind of disaster , but Haiti and its people seemed to be particularly disadvantaged against Mother Nature 's might . Click to find out more about CNN documentary "  Rescued " I immediately got on my computer and began doing research , reading about Haiti 's history . Admittedly , my American history dates were a bit foggy , so I tried to give myself a brief refresher . In school , we learned very early on about the abolition of slavery and Abraham Lincoln . But I was never taught that there was a small black nation in the Caribbean that had defeated Napoleon 's army in 1803 . That was the same year the French decided to sell their only other colony in the Western Hemisphere : Louisiana . Had the slaves , led by Toussaint L'Ouverture , not overthrown the French Army in Haiti , would the French have sold Louisiana to the United States ? The Louisiana Purchase instantly doubled our country 's size . Now , I have spent my time in Louisiana . I graduated from Louisiana State University . But I never linked these two events . I am sure historians do , but does the average American know that the Haitian revolution possibly played a large role in the history of the United States of America ? So , I ask myself , had Toussaint L'Ouverture not lived , would America be the America it is today ? If his army and the slaves had not defeated the French , would the French have wanted to sell their only other colony , so close to Haiti ? So , the earthquake made me begin to read about history and look at events a little more closely . I do not understand why a country so close to some of the richest economies in the world could be in this position . I am not a political person by nature . But it does make you wonder how politically and historically , Haiti 's own government and those of nearby countries have shown no accountability . That same day , I began to get calls from many organizations , people I do business with , friends asking for financial assistance and donations . I kept responding : "  Get back to me on what to do for the children . " "  Call me on what we can do with the schools . " "  Can someone find me someone dealing with the orphan situation ? " "  Are these kids going to be out on the streets being sold into God knows what ? " I continued to be overwhelmed with requests , and to be honest , was very concerned about people taking advantage , or looking for their "  moment in the spotlight to look like a savior , " or that conversations seemed premature or were losing focus on the big picture . You could not be human and look at the images and hear the stories and not feel helpless and complete empathy for those who were suffering . Amid the chaos of what was unfolding on television , I tried my best to put myself in the place of the people and children who were living this reality . What does it feel like to lose a family member , or many family members and friends all at one time ? Parents ? Children ? What does it feel like to be trapped inside a building that has fallen around you , in many cases for days , waiting for someone to find you and dig you out . What does it feel like to be hungry and without water for days at a time , not knowing if you will ever taste anything again ? Now , months later : What does it feel like to be abandoned ? What does it feel like to have a leg amputated , no parents , and live in a tent outside an orphanage that you can not go inside ? I can only imagine . I can not walk in the shoes of those who lived it . I also realized that I know nothing about emergency response , foreign aid or medical care . What I do know is that I can be effective in keeping the light on a problem -- a problem that will not be solved for a long , long time . This is a country full of young children who will be permanently affected by this catastrophe . It is our responsibility to help Haiti solve this problem , as long as it takes to do it . We must not only rebuild the country , its roads , its buildings and its government . We also have to rebuild its children . It is an emergency to get these children back in schools . It was already an emergency before January 12 , when a large percentage of children were not in school . It is an emergency to protect their human rights , it is an emergency to give them health services and prevent diseases that have long-term impact . We must treat these children like children . They need music and arts and sports . They need trained teachers who can educate and protect them during the school day . They need to have safe places to play . They need access to computer labs , technology and modern education tools . I decided this is what I would focus on . How could I lead in contributing for immediate needs -- but also for those that linger ? A bed to sleep in and a roof over their heads . Schools . Computers . Teachers . Books . Soccer fields . Basketball courts . Parks . That is it . Our team traveled to Port-Au-Prince and Jacmel over the past few weeks , and we are returning again this month . We have joined in partnership with the United States Foundation for the Children of Haiti . The team met with the most amazing woman , Gladys Thomas , who has been serving the children in her homeland of Haiti since 1981 . Thomas has led the foundation in developing a full spectrum of services for the growing number of children brought into her care . We will support her organization and work to support La Foundation Pour les Enfants d'Haiti , a nonprofit and nongovernmental Haitian organization . Our foundation O'Positive , along with Greenhouse International , will support the ongoing need to rebuild the infrastructure and buildings for School of Good Shower , Hope Hospital and Children 's Hope Village , which both serve Haitian orphans in her care . O'Positive and I will also be working on a partnership with Save the Children and Harvard University Innovation Lab in Haiti to help provide infrastructure and quality education , teacher training and supplies the children need to succeed . So many people have already given so much . But this effort is just beginning . It has been four months since that horrible day . One-third of a year . Thousands of children are sitting in tents each day , with nowhere to go and nothing to do . It is easy to forget about what is no longer on the front page or staring you down on your TV or computer . We get back to our normal lives . But remember , these children can not resume their normal lives . We must not forget that in order to rebuild Haiti , we must rebuild its youth . We must not leave them behind . Their lives can not end at the hands of an earthquake . Let 's find the light in the storm , and build a future for the children . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Shaquille O'Neal .	Shaquille O'Neal saw images from Haitian earthquake and asked "  How could this happen ? " O'Neal : He and others knew little about Haiti and its slave revolution 's impact on U.S. It 's essential for Haiti 's future to remember its children , make sure they thrive , O'Neal writes Learn about Haiti 's orphans on CNN 's documentary "  Rescued , " Saturday at 8 p.m. ET
Attorney General Eric Holder is not entirely ruling out a scenario under which a drone strike would be ordered against Americans on U.S. soil , but says it has never been done previously and he could only see it being considered in an extraordinary circumstance . He began to winnow the list of those possible extraordinary circumstances Wednesday . In testimony Wednesday before the Senate Judiciary Committee , Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , pressed Holder whether he believed it would be constitutional to target an American terror suspect "  sitting at a cafe " if the suspect did n't pose an imminent threat . "  No , " Holder replied . But he also said the government has no intention of carrying out drone strikes inside the United States . Echoing what he said in a letter to U.S. Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , he called the possibility of domestic drone strikes "  entirely hypothetical . " That letter , released Tuesday , was prompted by questions raised over the nomination of John Brennan to head the CIA . Specifically , members of the Senate Intelligence Committee sought the Obama administration 's legal rationale for its use of drones to kill terror suspects overseas . But Sen. Rand Paul , a Kentucky Republican who has said he would do what he could to hold up Brennan 's nomination until he got a full answer to his query , wanted to know whether the administration considered that policy applicable domestically . Holder : Drone strike against Americans in the U.S. possible In a letter to Paul dated on Monday , Holder said it was possible , "  I suppose , " to imagine an "  extraordinary circumstance in which it would be necessary and appropriate " under U.S. law for the president to authorize the military to "  use lethal force " within the United States . However , Holder said the question was "  entirely hypothetical " and "  unlikely to occur . " The United States , he said , has not carried out such action domestically and had no plans to do so . Holder said a potential scenario might involve a president ordering such action "  to protect the homeland " in a case like the 2001 al Qaeda attacks on New York and Washington or the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor in 1941 . But he said the administration rejects the use of military force where law enforcement authorities provide the best means for incapacitating a terrorist threat . Paul , who released the letter from Holder along with his statement , was not satisfied with the response . "  The U.S. attorney general 's refusal to rule out the possibility of drone strikes on American citizens and on American soil is more than frightening . It is an affront to the constitutional due process rights of all Americans , " Paul said . Jeffrey Toobin , CNN senior legal analyst , said on CNN 's "  The Situation Room " that Holder made it clear in his letter that he would have to examine the facts of each situation separately and advise the president on his legal authority . "  Again , he made a point of saying Sen. Rand Paul 's question is hypothetical at this time . But at some point down the road , this may not be hypothetical , " Toobin said . Brennan defended the use of drones overseas at his confirmation hearing weeks ago , but acknowledged there should be more public discussion . Read letter from Brennan to Paul In a written response to the intelligence panel , Brennan , too , said the administration has "  no intention " of killing Americans with drones in the United States . The issue of targeting American terror suspects with lethal force was brought into sharp focus in 2011 when New Mexico-born Anwar al-Awlaki was killed in a drone strike in Yemen . Officials said he played an operational role in al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Brennan confirmed a connection at his hearing between al-Awlaki and Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , who tried to blow up a Delta Air Lines jet enroute to Detroit in 2009 with a bomb in his underwear . The Obama administration has said targeting Americans overseas with drones is only permitted when the U.S. government determines a suspect to be an imminent threat to the United States and when capture would not be feasible . Additionally , all applicable laws must apply . The Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel turned over new documents on its legal rationale to the Senate intelligence panel earlier in the day . Some key members who had been pressing for the information said they were satisfied with the White House cooperation . "  We are pleased that we now have the access that we have long sought and need to conduct the vigilant oversight with which the committee has been charged . We believe that this sets an important precedent for applying our American system of checks and balances to the challenges of 21st century warfare . We look forward to reviewing and discussing these documents in the days ahead , " Democrats Ron Wyden of Oregon and Mark Udall of Colorado , and Susan Collins , a Maine Republican , said in a statement . They credited Paul with raising the use of drones domestically as a question of "  fundamental importance . " The Intelligence Committee approved Brennan 's nomination later Tuesday and sent it to the full Senate for consideration . White House to give senators targeted killing documents	Terror suspect "  sitting at a cafe " could n't be targeted , attorney general says Attorney General Eric Holder expressed view in testimony to Senate committee Issue of drone strike first raised in Senate consideration of John Brennan to lead CIA Holder says such a strike is "  entirely hypothetical "
CNN  -- In the last few months Iranians have found themselves in a cyber no-man 's land . Many are reporting international websites and online services , including Gmail and Skype , are often blocked and circumvention tools effectively squashed , making it difficult to communicate with anyone outside the country . National websites are still easily accessed , but as internet speeds slow to a crawl , many of the country 's netizens are finding access to even the most rudimentary URLs barred -- including those belonging to banks and local businesses . With the country 's presidential election less than two weeks away , many experts find the timing of the latest apparent restrictions significant . "  Every time you get close to an important event , like the election , the internet goes down , " says Ali Bangi , co-director of Toronto-based organization ASL19 , which provides tools for Iranians to circumvent government filters . Amanpour explains Iranian elections Before the 2009 elections , he notes , the regime appeared to focus mainly on censoring foreign news and social media sites . Iranians easily bypassed these controls using VPN software , which makes it look like users are accessing sites from a separate country . Lately , he says , it seems the government has become more sophisticated with its filters . Since March , VPNs have been blocked , making it harder for Iranians to access foreign URLs . In addition , encrypted international websites , such as Google and any site with "  https " in front of its address , have been made so painstakingly slow that they are virtually unusable . The idea , says Bangi , is to push users to adopt the higher-speed national internet network , which some have dubbed the "  halal internet " -- halal meaning permissible under Islamic law . It acts essentially as a giant intranet allowing the authorities more power to monitor web activity and restrict access to websites . Lately Twitter has been awash with grievances from Iranians who bemoan the various implications of the new blocks . Some have complained of increased workloads , friction with employers and general impositions to their everyday professional lives . Those that have managed to access the site  much fewer of late , says Bangi  frequently use it as an outlet to share circumvention tips , and vent their frustration . Tweets are often punctuated with #filternet -- the nickname many have given to the state 's cyber blocks . Read more : Has Iran learned from 2009 elections K , a network administrator for a software development company  he declined to use his full name to avoid drawing the attention of the Iranian government  estimates his workload has increased by an extra two hours each day as he attempts to work around government controls . "  Keep in mind that I 'm an expert , and can usually find a workaround . I 'd imagine it 's a much bigger number for others , " he says . He adds that the apparent state blocks have put a strain on his company 's relationship with clients , as stalled access to email has made it difficult to keep up a timely communication . "  We 're a software company , so we really rely on the internet . These restrictions have made our clients very unhappy . We have n't lost one yet , but who knows ? " According to K , the filters are not as sophisticated as they could be and even the most rudimentary local sites -- such as those related to banks -- occasionally find themselves blocked . "  Our company uses internet banking services , and the finance department has had difficulty paying staff , " he says . Collin Anderson , an American researcher who has been mapping the emergence of Iran 's national network , notes that often , those affected are n't necessarily anti-regime . "  What you see in social media is frustration and desperation , " says Anderson . "  People are saying , ` look , I 'm not political . I 'm just a student trying to submit my Ph.D. thesis to my professor , and I ca n't , because my Gmail does n't work ' . There 's a real human toll that 's hard to asses based on economics . " Read more : Iran 's cartoonist find new lines of expression According to Bangi , since 2009 , ISPs have been required to report "  forbidden " content to the authorities under the Cyber Crimes Bill . In addition , accessing blocked sites was criminalized , so that any Iranian reading or disseminating material the government deems inflammatory could face penalties . Anderson notes there has been a considerable rise in malware and phishing attempts directed at anyone deemed anti-regime , and while he can not prove it , he suspects the Iranian authorities are the ones responsible . He recalls receiving an email that tried to lure him into divulging his Gmail username and password . "  I set up a fake account to see what would happen , and within 24 hours , someone tried to log in and download all my emails , then sent out an email to my contacts trying to trick them into downloading the malware , " he says . The purpose , he suspects , is to give authorities information . CNN reached out to the Iranian authorities to comment on the claimed use of malware , internet blocks and phishing attacks but received no reply . Last week the U.S. Department of State said that it will allow the export to Iran of "  certain services , software and hardware incident to personal communication in Iran . " "  As the Iranian government attempts to silence its people by cutting off their communication with each other and the rest of the world , the United States will continue to take action to help the Iranian people exercise their universal human rights , including the right to freedom of expression , " it was announced in a press statement on May 31 . Anderson is n't optimistic the filters will lift , as they 've done in the past . "  You might see a slight relaxation of controls after the elections are over -- some of the throttling , which is really distressful , might let up -- but the sites that are blocked will remain blocked . Now that the state sees it can get away with it , these filters are here to stay . "	In the lead up to Iran 's election , the state has made the internet nearly unusable for many of its citizens Usually Iranians use VPN software to bypass government controls , but lately , these too have been blocked Some fear the government is unleashing malware and phishing software to spy on Iranian citizens U.S. government announced it will allow export of services to allow Iranian people greater freedom on communication
Habib Battah is a blogger , freelance journalist and documentary filmmaker based in New York and Beirut . BEIRUT , Lebanon -- When I heard Snoop Dogg was coming to Beirut , I jumped at the opportunity to show the world a different side of the country I had grown up in . So I hit the phones , tracked down the promoter and before I knew it , I was driving to the airport to film Snoop 's arrival . Beirut blogger Habib Battah with U.S. rap legend Snoop Dogg . When I first met the Dogg  as he 's known by his very courteous suit-wearing bodyguards  , he was seated in the VIP lounge of Beirut International Airport , surrounded by entourage while awaiting passport control . The U.S. rap legend had never been to the Middle East before , and I was wondering why he decided to perform in Beirut of all cities . Outfitted in a hooded sweater , despite the sweltering heat of the Beirut summer , Snoop leaned forward and told me in his low voice : "  There are a lot of places I could have started but I chose to start here because I felt they 've been supporting me you know -- they 've been down with me for long time . " By "  starting " in Lebanon , Snoop meant that he intended to embark on a Middle East tour in the coming months . "  Me and my man Roger had a nice conversation about putting together a Snoop Dogg Middle East tour ... so we gon na try to get that together over the next couple of months , " Snoop , flanked by his forever-smiling local organizer , Lebanese entertainment mogul , Roger Kalaouz , told a room full of eager photographers and entertainment journalists . But the Lebanese paparazzi still wondered , why Beirut ? "  This is my first chance to party with the people of Lebanon , " Snoop said . "  They were always partying to my music but now they get a chance to actually party with Snoop Dogg . "  This is the party capital of the world , " he added and the room filled with applause . Hours later , Snoop drove the locals wild once again during his performance in front of thousands of adoring young fans by holding up a Lebanese flag on stage and then performing an impromptu sing-along with the chorus line "  Beirut , Lebanon . " When the show ended just before one a.m. , Snoop did not leave Beirut without living up to his promise to party hard . Acting on a tip from a source close to Snoop 's circle , I managed to follow Snoop 's entourage to the afterparty , at a massive and highly exclusive rooftop club overlooking the Mediterranean Sea and the Lebanese mountains . I entered the club through the back entrance with members of Snoop 's band that I had met at the airport . When we got inside , the champagne was flowing and the club was rocking with hundreds of people . A mixture of house and trance music reverberated across all surfaces as fireworks lit up the evening sky . Snoop 's band and crew were ecstatic , sporting looks of awe when they reached their VIP tables in the balcony section which boasts outdoor air conditioning . And even though the European electric beat was quite a stretch from the hip hop he produces , Snoop himself seemed to be getting down -- waving his hands in the air . But it was n't long before the Dogg switched things up grabbed the microphone : "  You are now rocking with the big Snoopie D.O. double jizzle for shizzle dizzle " he said , sending screams through the glamorous crowd . Then he turned toward the DJ podium : "  Hey ! Yo ! DJ ! Why do n't you play some of that Snoop Dogg sh*t ? Once again the crowd was electrified , as Snoop began rapping to his track "  Drop it Like It 's Hot , "  Part of the that performance is available on Snoop 's Web site . Later he played other local favorites such as "  Gin and Juice " and then rocked to a new track "  That 's the Homie " from his upcoming album "  Malice in Wonderland " while being filmed by two cameraman and a flash light . The Beirut show producer , Roger Kalaouz later explained that Snoop was actually filming part of the music video for the new track that night . And when Snoop left the club at 3 a.m. , the party continued till seven in the morning , according to Kalaouz , in true Snoop fashion , back at the hotel . Kalaouz says he 's now preparing for Snoop 's Middle East tour beginning in December , with a focus on cities in the oil-rich Arabian Gulf states , such as the UAE , Kuwait , Qatar and maybe even Saudi Arabia . Though it remains unclear how much Kalaouz actually paid Snoop to perform in Beirut , he emphasized that the bidding process was intense with much competition from promoters in other Arab countries . Check out Battah 's blog at beirurtreport.blogspot.com	Legendary U.S. rapper Snoop Dogg performs in Lebanon 's capital , Beirut Beirut journalist Habib Battah followed Snoop to show a different side of Lebanon Snoop has never visited the Middle East before and plans more dates in region Snoop on Beirut : "  This is the party capital of the world "
CNN  -- On Thursday morning , iLounge released mockups of what it says the next iPhone is going to look like , according to the site 's own unnamed sources . The main differences in appearance between the next iPhone and the current iPhone 4S ? A metal back , a smaller dock connector , a 20 percent decrease in thickness , and a longer 4-inch display . Concept designs for future iPhones are a dime a dozen and usually look like something Syd Mead might have slapped together after a glue-induced aneurysm . But iLounge 's concept looks pretty good . It may not prove to be an accurate prediction in the end , but it 's a sensible proposal . The most obvious change in iLounge 's mockup is the 4-inch screen . That 's a big bump , as the iPhone 's display has stayed at 3.5 inches with a 3:2 aspect ratio since 2007 . Why in the world would Apple change it now ? It all comes down to LTE . LTE radios take up more room in a smartphone than 3G radios and use more power . To put LTE capabilities in the next iPhone , you need to make room not just for the radio , but find enough juice to power it without significantly decreasing battery life . The problem is there 's just not a lot of room inside an iPhone for anything more than is already there . An iPhone is a densely packed sandwich of silicon , radios , flash storage , motors and cameras . Over the past five generations , Apple has packed in everything that makes up an iPhone about as densely as possible , and the battery still makes up the bulk of every device . If it 's going to fit anything else , Apple needs to make more room . That 's one reason why iLounge is saying Apple will be ditching its current dock connector for a micro-sized version : Space saved in this area is space Apple can stuff with a larger battery or make for a bigger LTE chipset . But it 's also a reason why Apple would make the display bigger . There 's been a lot of talk over the last couple of years that with the iPhone 5 , Apple would bump the display up to a larger four inches , but the rumor 's always had a lot of problems . Increasing the iPhone 's display while maintaining its current 3:2 aspect ratio would make the device wider in the hand and harder to operate one-handed . It would also either decrease the pixel density of the iPhone 's Retina display , making it less "  retina-ey " and more jaggy to the eyes , or require more pixels per inch to compensate , causing iPhone developers to design their apps for multiple resolutions  the exact same kind of fragmentation problem that 's bitten Android on its ass  . No good . That 's why conventional wisdom  until a couple months ago  was that Apple would keep a 3.5-inch display and eschew LTE until the radios were sufficiently small and power-efficient to fit into the current iPhone 's form factor . But with the new iPad 's WiFi + 4G release , Apple has made it abundantly clear that it is finally ready to embrace LTE . And the way the company is going to do it is by making the iPhone 's display longer , but not wider . This theory was first floated over on The Verge , then gained traction when Daring Fireball 's John Gruber hinted that the person who had initially suggested it might just work for Apple , and know what direction the next iPhone would go . It 's got a lot to recommend it . By ditching a 3:2 aspect ratio in favor of a 9:5 display , the new iPhone would feel about the same in the hand as the iPhone 4S , retain its current 326ppi resolution , and allow Apple room for an LTE chip and more battery . Apps could either be easily updated to support the new iPhone 's 4-inch display without breaking compatibility with 3.5-inch devices , or run in a letterbox without modification at their existing resolution . There are other perks . Lengthening the display allows the iPhone in landscape view to show 16:9 videos without the ugly bars on either side . It gives game developers more room for on-screen controls , like virtual buttons and thumbsticks , without a gamer 's fingers obscuring what 's on the display . And so on . Only Apple knows for sure what the next iPhone will look like , but iLounge 's concept is n't necessarily all wet . Putting the display on a stretching rack might be the key to getting an LTE iPhone this year . And if you think Cupertino would never mess around with an iDevice 's aspect ratio like this , might I introduce you to our good schizophrenic friend , the iPod nano ? Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Apple news site iLounge releases mockups of what it says the next iPhone is going to look like iLounge says new phone will have a 4-inch screen , up from the current model 's 3.5 inches To put LTE capabilities in the next iPhone , Apple will need to make more room
CNN  -- Television viewers around the world were treated to the grudge match of the Winter Olympics as the U.S. edged Russia in a thrilling ice hockey pool match in Sochi this month . Even for those not familiar with the rules , the sheer drama of the sporting contest was gripping and it made for compulsive viewing . It 's not the only time this year that ice hockey has made for a stunning spectacle and generated huge interest . In North America -- ahead of Sochi 's start -- the NHL went on a big marketing blitz , with outdoor matches in massive stadiums previously used for other sports . Some 106,000 hardy souls braved brutal subzero temperatures at the Winter Classic in Michigan on New Year 's Day and over 8.2 million watched the telecast . "  We want to give our fans the most remarkable two months in the history of the league , " NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman announced after the Toronto Maple Leafs beat the Detroit Red Wings 3-2 in the annual showdown . Then , ahead of the NFL 's Super Bowl , the Yankees Stadium in New York -- an iconic baseball venue -- was packed out for another clash in the NHL 's "  Stadium Series " to underline the popularity of these events . So , with a growing audience among casual sports fans in its traditional markets and now a global audience watching the best of the best competing for their countries , can ice hockey capitalize on this popularity and go truly global ? For now , the NHL is coy about any expansion plans , but a spokesman told CNN : "  We have a long history of playing games in Europe and are working with the Players ' Association  NHLPA  to formulate a comprehensive calendar of games and activities in Europe . "  International hockey , and the growth of international hockey , we 've always identified as a real opportunity for continued growth of this game . Now might be the most opportune time to seize on it . " From the NHLPA 's point of view , it believes there is a real window of opportunity offered by Sochi . "  The Olympics will be a great platform to showcase the players and the sport at this best-on-best tournament , " its executive director Don Fehr told CNN . "  There is a lot of opportunity to continue to grow our game not only in North America , but internationally as well . " All that points to a revival of the World Cup of Hockey . The successor to the Canada Cup  1976-91  it has not been staged since 2004 , when Canada beat Finland in the final . The only other year it was held was 1996 , when the U.S triumphed . "  We are working with the NHL to bring back the tournament , while establishing a long-term international hockey calendar , " Fehr said . Allain Roy , a former Olympic silver medalist for Canada who now acts as an agent for more than 200 players , said he would be in favor of a return of the World Cup because of its traditions . "  That 's classic hockey , so to me there 's some value in it , " he told CNN . "  One-offs " such as a World Cup may well help spread ice hockey 's appeal , but can the NHL follow the NFL 's lead and stage regular-season games in other countries ? Goodell is already openly talking up the possibility of a gridiron franchise in London after the success of taking teams to the British capital . Fehr believes that if the NFL can expand its fan base so aggressively outside of the United States then the NHL should be even better placed . "  Of the four major sports in North America , the NHL is situated best to grow there , as there is great support for hockey already in Europe and we have a lot of international players in our game , " he said . "  The players feel strongly we need to continue to grow our sport internationally . " Roy , who was a goaltender in the Canadian squad for the 1994 Lillehammer Games , sounds a note of caution . The 44-year-old is concerned that the traveling involved if a European-style division is put in place would place intolerable demands on the game 's elite stars . "  I think they would love the idea but in an NHL season you are talking about a sport where there are over 90 games in an eight-and-a-half-month period , " he said . "  In the NFL it 's just one game a week , so it 's a bit different . " Roy says occasional regular-season games in cities like London may offer a better way forward to help spread the influence of the sport . He also floats the idea of a preseason tournament involving the top European teams taking on the cream of the NHL . "  The best teams in the world playing in a series , I would have an interest in watching that , " he said . Whatever the future holds for expansion plans , the NHL is thriving financially off the back of recent commercial deals . Television and broadcast rights in hockey-mad Canada alone for the next 12 years were sold for an eye-watering $ 5.2 billion . NHL Deputy Commissioner Bill Daley shares his boss Bettman 's optimism over the game 's health , citing a "  great season " last year capped by Chicago Blackhawks ' 4-2 win over Boston Bruins in the Stanley Cup Finals . "  On the franchise ownership front we 're clearly more stable than any time in my time with the league  he joined in 1996  and concluded a landmark television deal , " Daley said . The 2013-14 regular season has taken a break from February 9-26 while its best players headed to Russia to represent their countries in the quest for gold . Seven NHL referees and six linesmen also lent their expertise for the 12-team men 's tournament and eight-nation women 's event , though the Olympics were played under the auspices of the International Ice Hockey Federation  IIHF  . A slightly wider and longer rink was used in Sochi and the playing regulations also differed slightly from the NHL , but the uninitiated spectator at the venues or on television would have noticed little difference . What they witnessed was the world 's top professionals battling for gold , although it 's only since the 1998 Nagano Games that the NHL has released its players for the competition . Before each Winter Games there have been reports that the arrangement could come to an end . Some NHL franchises were opposed to allowing star players to compete for fear of midseason injury , but it has been maintained . With over 50 million television viewers in North America alone watching Sidney Crosby give Canada an overtime victory over its neighbors in the 2010 Olympic final , it is difficult to argue a case against participation . Crosby was a hero again with the second goal against Sweden as Canada took gold for the second straight Winter Games in Sochi . But the tournament was notable for the strong performances of European nations , with Sweden handicapped by the loss of three key players in the final , while Finland thrashed the United States in the bronze medal match . In the women 's tournament , Canada beat the U.S. in the final , but Switzerland took the bronze . Whether this is enough to prompt the spread of ice hockey into more uncharted territory , only time will tell . Roy , who has played in Japan and China , believes there is "  some potential " to move into markets in Asia . Closer to home , he also wants the NHL to license more franchises in the U.S. because he has seen for himself the quality and depth of players now available , many of whom are on his books .	NHL took a 17-day break during the Winter Olympics in Sochi Its top players competed for their respective countries in quest for gold NHL and Players ' Association liaising over expansion plans Return of ice hockey World Cup is likely
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The cause of death for Sage Stallone , the 36-year-old son of actor Sylvester Stallone , wo n't be officially known for another two months , a spokesman for the Los Angeles County Coroner said Sunday . The autopsy on Stallone , who was found dead in his Los Angeles home Friday , was completed Sunday , the coroner 's spokesman said . It normally takes six weeks for toxicology tests to be completed by the coroner 's lab . Sage Stallone 's attorney , George Braunstein , told Los Angeles TV station KNBC that Sage Stallone was engaged to be married and was working on various film projects at the time of his death . "  Sylvester Stallone is devastated and grief-stricken over the sudden loss of his son Sage Stallone , " his representative said in a statement . "  His compassion and thoughts are with Sage 's mother , Sasha . Sage was a very talented and wonderful young man . His loss will be felt forever . " He acted in several movies , including "  Daylight " and "  Rocky V " with his father . The younger Stallone also co-founded Grindhouse Releasing , a company that describes itself as "  dedicated to the restoration and preservation of motion pictures historically held in very low regard . " CNN 's Douglas Hyde contributed to this report .	The autopsy on Sage Stallone , found dead Friday , was completed Sunday He acted in several movies , including "  Daylight " and "  Rocky V " with his father Stallone was engaged to be married and working on film projects , his attorney says
New York  CNN  An art enthusiast paid $ 5,212 in 2013 at a London auction for a painting of an 19th-century English landscape . That price was well above Christie 's auction house estimated value of $ 760 to $ 1,200 . This week , however , the painting 's price jumped dramatically -- 1,000 times its previous value -- at a Sotheby 's auction in New York . It sold Wednesday for $ 5.2 million . The discrepancy in the value of "  Salisbury Cathedral from the Meadows " is due to a difference of opinion by art experts at the rival auction houses . Christie 's analyzed the painting in 2013 and declared that it was the work of a follower of John Constable -- not a creation of the famed English Romantic landscape artist himself . But Sotheby 's claimed it was an original Constable made in preparation for another work owned by the Tate gallery in London . The auction house valued the painting at between $ 2 million and $ 3 million . Anne Lyles , former 18th and 19th century British art curator at the Tate , wrote in catalog for the Sotheby 's auction that "  the present work by Constable was heavily retouched with a dark and opaque pigments which probably dated to the late 19th or early 20th century , in a misguided attempt to ` finish ' the painting . " Lyles wrote that this was the reason why Christie 's "  overlooked " its authenticity in 2013 . "  The retouchings on the present painting were readily soluble in the course of its recent cleaning , and Constable 's original and brilliant conception has been once again revealed , " Lyles wrote . Christie 's , however , said that experts disagree about the painting 's authenticity . "  We are aware that Sotheby 's have sold this work as by Constable , " the auction house said in a statement . "  We took the view at the time of our sale in 2013 that it was by a ` follower of . ' We understand that there is no clear consensus of expertise on the new attribution . " Mystery masterpiece a Rembrandt Lyles wrote that the painting recently sold was one of five preliminary oil sketches , precursors to "  perhaps the greatest of his late masterpieces , " a work that goes by the same name . According to Sotheby 's , it is believed the sketch was possibly sold by the artist in 1837 for 6 pounds -- or about $ 9 today . John Constable  1776-1837  was famous for his landscapes of the English countryside , particularly scenes of his native Suffolk . In 2012 , the Constable painting "  The Lock " became one of the most expensive British paintings ever sold , fetching # 22.4 m  $ 34.8 million  at an auction at Christie 's in London . Read more : Mona Lisa model found in crypt ?	John Constable painting was sold in 2013 for $ 5,212 "  Salisbury Cathedral from the Meadows " fetched $ 5.2 million this week Experts at rival auction houses disagree on the painting 's authenticity
Washington  CNN  -- Tests on the ruptured BP well in the Gulf of Mexico will go on for another 24 hours as federal and company officials try to explain "  anomalous " pressure readings and possible leaks , the federal government 's point man on the spill said Monday . "  There is no indication at this time this is any indication of a significant problem in the well bore , but we are running every one of these anomalies down , " former Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen told reporters Monday afternoon . The pressures recorded on the well in the four days since it was temporarily "  shut in " are lower than expected , Allen said . Meanwhile , there are possible leaks of methane gas from around the well and from the inoperative blowout preventer , as well as a separate and possibly unrelated seep from the ocean floor about 3 kilometers  about 2 miles  away , he said . Allen said scientists and engineers are still debating whether the low pressure is caused by either the well 's depletion after three months of oil spewing into the Gulf or whether oil is leaking from the well into the surrounding sea floor . "  There are arguments to be made on both sides , " he said . "  But those discussions continue , and we 're trying to develop information that will allow us to do that . " He said a joint in the capping stack placed over the damaged well appeared to be leaking a combination of oil and methane , but there appeared to be no sign that it was hindering the equipment now being used to contain the worst oil spill in U.S. history . Some seepage from the ocean floor is normal in the Gulf of Mexico , according to University of Houston professor Don Van Nieuwenhuise . But he said there are weak points in the well bore , and it 's "  very hard to tell the difference " between a depleted well and a leaking well . "  If there is a leak , you should be able to see the oil and gas infiltrating into a rock unit at about that level , and they have not seen that , " he said . Allen had extended testing Sunday as well , pointing out "  a number of unanswered questions " about the monitoring systems being used to conduct the tests . Earlier Monday , he said the tests would continue only if BP was "  rigorously " watching for any signs that the pressure tests could make the situation worse . Engineers and scientists have intensified monitoring of the well , poring over images and data collected by robots , sonar scans , and seismic and acoustic examinations . A government ship is in the area , fitted with equipment for detecting methane gas , which would be an indication of a leak . "  At any moment , we have the ability to return to the safe containment of the oil on the surface until the time the relief well is completed and the well is permanently killed , " Allen said . In the coming weeks , BP also plans to bring in two more oil collection ships in addition to the two in the Gulf , bringing containment capacity to 80,000 barrels  about 3.4 million gallons  of oil a day , more than high-end estimates of how much oil had been leaking . Coast Guard Rear Adm. Paul Zukunft , Allen 's deputy on the scene , said the Helix Producer and the Q4000 , two of the ships disconnected from the well to put on the containment cap , could be quickly re-connected within hours if scientists decide that 's necessary . In addition , BP also plans to conduct tests known as ranging runs on one of its relief wells , which company officials have said could intersect the ruptured well by the end of July and provide the permanent solution to the leak . BP then plans to pump mud and cement down to kill the ruptured well . Pressure continues to rise steadily at about 1 pound PSI per hour and was about 6,811 pounds Monday evening , BP Senior Vice President Kent Wells told reporters . Wells said gas bubbles reported coming from the well casing could be nitrogen used in the well 's cementing process , but others near the well head contained about 15 percent methane . A breach in the casing would be signaled by a drop in pressure or possibly the release of methane gas , which is sometimes a precursor to oil rising through the formation , he said . Continuing with the testing is "  absolutely the best way for us to go forward , " Wells said . The well , located about 5,000 feet below the surface of the Gulf and about 40 miles off the mouth of the Mississippi River , erupted April 20 with the sinking of the offshore drilling rig Deepwater Horizon . No oil has gushed out since Thursday , when BP closed all the valves in a new custom-made cap that was lowered into place earlier in the week . That lull in oil flow has jump-started the federal claims process . Kenneth Feinberg , the man in charge of disbursing the $ 20 billion in funds BP is setting aside to resolve Gulf oil spill-related claims , said Monday that now that the oil leak has apparently been stopped , it will be a lot easier and quicker to get a handle on the universal claims . At a question-and-answer discussion in Washington , Feinberg said it has been difficult to come up with a budget because officials did not know how pervasive the spill would become . "  Now that the oil has stopped , with my fingers crossed , we will quickly come up with an overall budget , " he said . Feinberg said the fund was being established by BP with the support of the Obama administration as an alternative to years of protracted litigation , and said the challenge is to make the reparations process attractive enough so people will voluntarily seek compensation from it . CNN 's Eric Fiegel and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	NEW : Extending tests is "  absolutely the best way " forward , BP says NEW : An expert says no signs indicate a well casing breach Officials are working to identify possible leaks of methane gas The lull in gushing oil is allowing the government to jump-start its claims process
Ben Affleck has more than just a couple of Golden Globes to add to his resume . His movie "  Argo , " about the suspenseful rescue of U.S. diplomats during the Iran hostage crisis , has also achieved the unusual honor of prompting Tehran to produce its own cinematic response . Opinion : Latino should have played lead in ` Argo ' "  Argo " was named best drama movie during the Golden Globes ceremony on Sunday night in Los Angeles , and Affleck won the award for best director , a category for which he was passed over in the recent Oscar nominations . But his efforts to recreate on screen the drama of the secret operation by the CIA and Canada to extract six U.S. embassy workers from revolutionary Iran in 1980 have n't been overlooked by Tehran 's Art Bureau . ` Argo ' recognizes forgotten heroes of Iran hostage saga It plans to fund a movie entitled "  The General Staff , " about 20 American hostages who were handed over to the United States by Iranian revolutionaries , according to a report last week by Mehr News , the official Iranian agency . "  This film , which will be a big production , should be an appropriate response to the ahistoric film ` Argo , ' " said Ataollah Salmanian , the director of the Iranian film , according to Mehr . "  Argo " claims to be based on a true story rather than to constitute a scrupulous retelling of exactly what took place , and its deviations from reality have been documented . But Iranian authorities have taken offense at the film 's portrayal of the country and its people . "  Argo " was officially viewed as "  anti-Iranian " following its U.S. release last year , Mehr reported . Iran 's state-run broadcaster Press TV detailed its objections to the film in an online article on Sunday . "  The Iranophobic American movie attempts to describe Iranians as overemotional , irrational , insane , and diabolical while at the same , the CIA agents are represented as heroically patriotic , " it complained . In the movie , in which Affleck plays the lead role , the CIA operation is shown outwitting Iranian authorities through an elaborate plan based on pretending that the U.S. diplomats fleeing the country were part of team scouting locations for an outlandish science-fiction film . But according to Press TV , the film is "  a far cry from a balanced narration " and is "  replete with historical inaccuracies and distortions . " On the other hand , "  The General Staff , " set to begin shooting next year , will be based on eyewitness accounts , Salmanian said . The Art Bureau , which is to provide the financing , is affiliated with the Islamic Ideology Dissemination Organization , according to Mehr . Press TV cited Salmanian as saying that his film would depict "  the historical event unlike the American version which lacks a proper view of the story . "	Ben Affleck 's "  Argo " tells the story of a dramatic rescue of U.S. diplomats from revolutionary Iran Iranian state media criticize the movie as "  replete with historical inaccuracies and distortions " Iran 's Art Bureau says it will fund its own film about the handing over of 20 U.S. hostages
WIRED  -- When Microsoft revealed the "  consumer preview " of Windows 8 on Wednesday , it did n't just give the world a glimpse at a new OS -- it also showed us that it can be a leader in touch-based user interface design . Yes , Microsoft 's new tablet UI is n't merely utilitarian . It 's actually innovative , and even cool . And in some ways it trumps the best that Apple and Google currently have to offer in iOS and Android , respectively . Here are five of our favorite new Windows 8 features . Picture password We 've known about Microsoft 's picture password feature in Windows 8 since its developer preview was unleashed in mid-September . But now that we 've had a chance to give it a spin , we can definitely say it 's a fun , convenient alternative to other system unlocking methods . In a nutshell , you choose a photo for your lock screen , and then define three touch gestures to draw on top of the photo in order to unlock your device . When Microsoft first detailed picture password , some were skeptical : Wo n't evil hackers be able to figure out your gesture-based password based on the smudges you leave on the display ? In a blog post , Microsoft said no : "  Because the order of gestures , their direction and location all matter , it makes the prospect of guessing the correct gesture set based on smudging very difficult even in the completely clean screen case , let alone on a screen that sees regular touch use . " In that same blog post , Microsoft provided a detailed mathematical explanation of why a picture-based password is every bit as secure , if not more so , than a PIN-based one . And independent security experts agree that the likelihood of someone being able to decipher the intent of smudges on your device is slim to none . Of course , character-based passwords and number-based PINs are an old standby . Apple uses four-number passcodes in iOS . They 're quite secure , but not particularly innovative . Google is more creative with its unlock security , offering a facial recognition-based unlocking feature in its Android 4 Ice Cream Sandwich OS . This , however , has proven not to be so secure . In fact , it can be defeated if you hold up a picture of the Android device owner at the right distance from the display . Easy gesture-based app switching In the Ice Cream Sandwich version of Android , Google has added a "  Recent Apps " feature that pulls up a listing of most frequently used apps when you click the system bar icon . But in Windows 8 , switching between open apps is much more intuitive and easy : A swipe from the left edge of the device will immediately pull up the last app you used  assuming it 's still open in a multitasking state  . It 's a natural gesture , and one you 'll rarely use by accident . And best of all , it 's fast -- like channel surfing for the tablet era . And how 's this for clever : If you know you have a large number of apps open , you can simply swipe back and forth on the edge of the screen , and up pops a vertical array of preview windows revealing all your running programs  see screenshot above  . From here , you can tap on a preview to jump to a specific app . Again : another solution that 's easy , quick and elegant . In the iPad version of iOS 5 , you 're given two strategies to jump between apps . Most people will double-tap the home button to reveal a lineup of icons of all open apps . From there , a simple icon tap will jump to the new app . That 's the popular method . But iOS 5 for iPad also lets you swipe from open app to open app , much like the method in Windows 8 . But there is one hitch in the iOS approach : You have to use a full four fingers to execute the swipe . Compared to the Windows 8 gesture , it 's just not that natural . Fat fingers are n't a problem One problem many mobile users suffer is that onscreen keyboards are n't designed for a variety of hand and finger sizes . This is typically less of a problem on tablets , which usually have enough screen real estate to offer accommodating keyboards . Nonetheless , if you plan on using your tablet two-handed , typing with your thumbs , typing on a tablet is n't so easy . Windows 8 offers a solution : It provides a split-screen keyboard so you can type with your thumbs . But wait , you say -- Apple already does this in iOS 5 . This is true , but Windows 8 goes one step further : You can adjust key size in the Windows 8 split-screen keyboard . You have three sizes to choose from , so if you 've got the petite hands of a five-year-old , you can type on the small setting , and if you 've got manly man hands , you can increase key size to large . It 's not an insanely revolutionary feature , but little UI nuances like this make Windows 8 so appealing in total . Chromeless , fullscreen app experiences Windows 8 also innovates with a unique , tablet-optimized approach that eliminates distracting "  chrome " -- in other words , all those busy interface elements that can junk up a desktop or app interface . In fact , it 's an OS-wide theme of Windows 8 ′ s Metro UI . There are no menu bars , task bars , or navigational buttons permanently pinned to the display . In many iOS apps , you 'll find navigational buttons that persist across the app 's entire user experience . And even for apps that do n't do this , you 'll often still see that thin bar at the top of the screen that shows data connection strength , the time , and battery level . These are the very same elements that are locked to the iOS home screen . The case is similar  and arguably worse  in Ice Cream Sandwich . You 've got your three virtual navigation buttons at the bottom of the display that are persistent across the UI . You also often have a bar across the top of the screen  just like in iOS  that displays battery status , time , and icons that link to other information . Windows 8 does away with all of this . To see the time , battery strength and data connectivity , you swipe open your Charms menu . Once you 're done looking at these simple reports , you touch anywhere on the screen , and the Charms menu disappears . When I was younger , I was obsessed with knowing the time , so the new Windows 8 approach would have driven me nuts . But now it 's liberating to keep the clock out of view -- until I actually need it . Just check the time when you need to , and enjoy a much less busy user interface for 99 percent of your time on the tablet . Metro apps can luxuriously take up your tablet 's full screen , and in cases where there 's photo or video involved , that 's fantastic . Home screen style and utility Every major mobile OS provides a certain degree of personalization in what you see in your home screen . In iOS , you can rearrange your home screen app icons so you can put your favorite ones front and center . In Android , you can organize the placement of app icons , and also add widgets that display real-time information , making the home screen both personalized and a source of useful information . However , Android widgets tend to have their own developer-specific themes and designs , so when they intermingle on your home screen , the resulting arrangement may look busy and inconsistent like a chaotic patchwork quilt . In Windows 8 , however , you 'll find a happy medium between the tidy organization that iOS provides , and the freedom and utility of the Android home screen . In Windows 8 , app icons are live tiles , either square or rectangular in shape , but always consistent in their basic look and feel . But live tiles also update with new information in real time , just like an Android widget . For example , the mail app provides a constant refresh of your latest message headers . You can organize live tiles in whatever order suits you best . In the screenshot above , we put the calendar , mail and weather apps on the far left so we could glean that information with a single downward glance . See the original article on WIRED Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Picture password feature is fun , convenient alternative to system unlocking In Windows 8 , switching between open apps is much more intuitive and easy Users can adjust key size in the Windows 8 split-screen keyboard
CNN  -- A federal judge signed off on BP 's settlement with businesses and people hard hit by the 2010 oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico . U.S. District Judge Carl Barbier in New Orleans issued a 125-page ruling Friday night on a class-action suit . He gave the settlement preliminary approval in May and overruled questions and criticism of the agreement in his Friday ruling . "  None of the objections , whether filed on the objections docket or elsewhere , have shown the settlement to be anything other than fair , reasonable , and adequate , " the ruling said . "  The low numbers of objections and opt-outs are evidence of the settlement 's fairness . " BP has estimated a settlement of about $ 7.8 billion paid from a $ 20 billion trust . Thousands of businesses and individuals made claims in Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , some coastal counties in eastern Texas and western Florida and adjacent Gulf waters and bays . With the exception of seafood claims , there is no cap on the amount BP will pay to those who agree to the settlement . Feds wo n't do new business with BP BP will pay $ 2.3 billion to commercial fishermen , seafood boat captains and crew , seafood vessel owners and oyster leaseholders . The money represents "  approximately five times the annual average industry gross revenue for 2007 to 2009 of the seafood industry in the region covered by the settlement agreement . " It also "  represents 19.2 times lost industry revenue in 2010 , " the ruling said . The ruling notes that "  the settlement program is processing claims in an "  impressive fashion . " By last month , 4,500 claims were processed per work . BP said it is pleased the court approved the settlement "  resolving the substantial majority of legitimate economic loss and property damage claims stemming from the Deepwater Horizon accident . " It called the decision "  another important step forward for BP in meeting its commitment to economic and environmental restoration efforts in the Gulf and in eliminating legal risk facing the company . " "  We believe the settlement , which avoids years of lengthy litigation , is good for the people , businesses and communities of the Gulf and is in the best interests of BP 's stakeholders , " it said in a statement . Dean Blanchard , a shrimp processor in Grand Isle , Louisiana , said he opted out of the agreement . He said he would n't have gotten a fair amount of money and is planning his own lawsuit . "  BP is trying to make a one size fits all , " he said , saying some people and businesses were hit worse than others and deserve more money . "  It 's not right . " Families of killed rig workers react to BP settlement The oil spill -- one of the worst in U.S. history -- began after a rig explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon in the Gulf . Eleven workers died . Oil spewed into the sea for nearly three months before a cap was placed on the BP-owned Macondo well , nearly a mile beneath the surface . The spill damaged coral reef formations , according to researchers . Scientists have previously confirmed that a plume of hydrocarbons from the well settled in the deep Gulf . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said about 59,200 barrels of oil a day flowed from the well . Last month , Attorney General Eric Holder announced that BP will plead guilty to manslaughter charges stemming from the explosion and the spill . It agreed to pay $ 4.5 billion in government penalties . Of those penalties , $ 4 billion will resolve criminal charges . An additional $ 525 million will be paid to resolve claims brought by the Securities and Exchange Commission that BP lied to investors by understating the amount of oil flowing into the Gulf . Separate from the corporate manslaughter charges , a federal grand jury returned an indictment charging the two highest-ranking BP supervisors on board the Deepwater Horizon on the day of the explosion with 23 criminal counts . The two men were charged with seaman 's manslaughter and involuntary manslaughter for each of the 11 men killed in the blast , as well as a criminal violation of the clean water act . The Justice Department in September also accused BP of gross negligence and a "  culture of corporate recklessness " in a federal court filing , which expanded the company 's liability . A major civil trial is set to take place in New Orleans in February . The spill : How much should BP suffer ?	With the exception of seafood industry claims , there 's no cap Settlement is fair and reasonable , despite objections , judge says BP estimates settlement of about $ 7.8 billion The judge issued the ruling Friday night
CNN  -- Chris Brown has some words of advice for suspended NFL player Ray Rice . In an interview with MTV 's Sway Calloway Thursday , Brown opened up about his own history with domestic violence in light of Rice being cut from the Baltimore Ravens and suspended from the league after a leaked video depicted the player punching his now-wife , Janay Rice . "  To Ray or anybody else , because I 'm not better than the next man , I can just say I 've been down that road , " Brown told MTV News . "  I 've made my mistakes too , but it 's all about how you push forward and how you control yourself . " Brown infamously attacked his former girlfriend Rihanna in 2009 on the eve of the Grammy Awards , and was sentenced to a five-year probation and 1,400 hours of community service . "  It 's all about the choices you do make , " Brown told Calloway . "  I deal with a lot of anger issues from my past , not knowing how to express myself verbally and at the same time not knowing how to cope with my emotions and deal with them and understand what they were . " The 25-year-old R&B and hip-hop artist explains that therapy has been crucial in helping him better understand and grasp control of his feelings . "  I still talk to my therapist twice a week , " he said . "  It helps me ... if I 'm frustrated and I 'm dealing with something , to vent and say what I 'm going through so I can hear from an actual clinical person , ` This is how you should react , ' or ` It 's good to feel this way because feelings , emotions , and energy and emotions , are supposed to come and go . It 's not supposed to stay there , you 're not supposed to keep it inside , because it 'll just bottle up and you 'll become a monster . ' " The singer noted that due to his past , he 's not in a position to pass judgment , but is simply speaking from his personal experience . "  For anybody who 's going through that situation or anybody who 's dealing with it -- it 's all about the choices , " Brown said . "  Every situation is different , but it 's all about the choices you make and how you control your anger . "	Chris Brown spoke about domestic violence in light of the Ray Rice incident The artist has his own history with the issue The key for Brown has been consistent therapy Brown : "  It 's all about choices "
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- The consequences of ordering the military to crack down on anti-government demonstrations more than two years ago has come back to haunt the former Thai prime minister Abhisit Vejjajiva . Thai authorities have charged Abhisit and his former deputy with murder in relation to the killing of Pan Kumkong , a taxi driver , amid the unrest that brought chaos to the streets of the capital city , Bangkok , in 2010 . The Department of Special Investigation  DSI  said Thursday that the charges against Abhisit and Suthep Thaungsuban concern orders to soldiers to use live ammunition in the area were Pan was shot . If convicted , they would face the punishment of death or life in prison . The Court of Justice ruled in September that the taxi driver 's death resulted from acts carried out by the military under instructions from the Center for the Resolution of the Emergency Situation , a temporary task force set up by Abhisit . He and Suthep have been summoned to hear the charges on Wednesday , said Thairt Pengdit , director general of the DSI . Political tensions erupted in early 2010 with protesters demanding that Abhisit step down . He resisted the calls , and clashes between his supporters and those of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a 2006 coup , turned violent . Abhisit sent in government troops to quell the long-running protests in Bangkok . More than 90 people died and hundreds were injured in the street battles that followed , one of the bloodiest episodes in recent Thai history . In July 2011 , Thaksin 's sister , Yingluck Shinawatra , was elected as prime minister , defeating Abhisit .	Abhisit Vejjajiva and his former deputy are charged over the death of a taxi driver The driver was killed amid a crackdown on protests in Bangkok in 2010 A court ruled last month that his death resulted from military acts ordered by Abhisit More than 90 people were killed in the 2010 clashes in Bangkok
CNN  -- Authorities have seized $ 1 billion worth of marijuana plants and have arrested 82 Mexican nationals with ties to drug cartels in the first week and half of an effort to eradicate marijuana fields from California 's Fresno County , the county sheriff 's office said Wednesday . The 82 suspects arrested so far have links to Mexican drug cartels . Operation Save Our Sierra began July 13 and involves local , state and federal agencies working together to remove marijuana growing operations , investigate and arrest drug traffickers , and remove infrastructure on public lands in Fresno County , a news release said . "  This is a high-intensity drug trafficking area , " U.S. Drug Czar Gil Kerlikowske said in a phone interview . "  I think what should be highlighted here is the local authorities ' work to reclaim the land from the drug traffickers . " The 82 suspects arrested so far have links to Mexican drug cartels , local authorities said , though they did not release further details . Eastern Fresno County , where the seizures have been made , is mountainous and sparsely populated . Growers exploit the area 's streams , rivers and lakes to create elaborate drip lines for their plants . A mature plant can be worth $ 4,000 , said Fresno County Sheriff Margaret Mims . "  Fresno County is roughly the size of Connecticut , and the drug traffickers target these areas because they know there is not that significant of a law-enforcement presence , " Mims said . "  The chances of getting caught are slim . " "  The bottom line is our public lands are being destroyed by foreign drug trafficking and heavily armed Mexican cartels , " George Anderson of the U.S. Department of Justice said Wednesday at a news conference highlighting the seizures . The operation is the largest in Fresno County history and one of the largest in California , Mims said . "  What makes this operation unique is the approach : prevention , enforcement , eradication and reclamation , " she said . Intelligence gathered for the operation began in February , with community presentations about prevention . The effort is now focused on shutting down the at least 70 marijuana farms identified by local authorities . The operation is expected to continue into November , when colder weather makes marijuana growing more difficult . At least 330,000 marijuana plants have been seized , Mims said . "  This shows what can be accomplished at the local level when agencies work together , " Kerlikowske said . Kerlikowske , who flew to Fresno County on Wednesday and toured a marijuana farm , said his office is one of the primary sponsors of the operation .	The U.S. drug czar says it is a high-intensity drug trafficking area Suspects have links to Mexican drug cartels , authorities says At least 330,000 marijuana plants have been seized Operation is expected to continue into November
CNN  -- Archaeologists are reveling in the discovery of an ancient synagogue in northern Israel , a "  monumental " structure with a mosaic floor depicting the biblical figure of Samson and a Hebrew inscription . The synagogue -- dating to the fourth and fifth centuries in both the Talmudic and late Roman periods -- is in Huqoq , an ancient Jewish village in the country 's Galilee region , the Israeli Antiquities Authority said . Jodi Magness , a professor of early Judaism in the Department of Religious Studies at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , said the building was found in a recent excavation . She called the find "  exciting " and described the "  very high quality of the artwork " in the mosaic , crafted with "  tiny colored stone cubes . " Only a few late Roman period synagogues contained mosaics with biblical scenes , said Magness , one of the leaders of a U.S. , Israeli and Canadian team engaged in the digs . "  This discovery is significant , " she said , calling the site "  extraordinary " and "  stunning . " Samson was known for enormous physical strength and his fighting prowess against the Philistines , the enemy of the Israelites . His story , recounted in the Bible 's Book of Judges , mentions Delilah , a Philistine woman who worked to undermine Samson . She cut his hair after she persuaded Samson to reveal that his long hair was the secret to this strength . Magness said the mosaic scene shows Samson putting torches between the tails of foxes . That image , from a vignette in the Book of Judges , is a reference to Samson exacting revenge on the Philistines by sending out flame-laden foxes to burn their lands . She said the only other images of Samson in synagogues are at one nearby place in the Galilee known as Wadi Hamam , where Samson is seen "  smiting " the Philistines with the jawbone of an ass . Another is in what is now modern Turkey , depicting scenes from Samson 's life . Samson is also depicted in early Christian art , she said . Why is Samson portrayed and apparently revered in two synagogues close to each other ? Magness said she plans to find out . The other image contains two apparently female faces flanking a circular medallion . It has a Hebrew inscription referring to rewards for carrying out good deeds . "  Our mosaics are also important because of their high artistic quality and the tiny size of the mosaic cubes . This , together with the monumental size of the stones used to construct the synagogue 's walls , suggest a high level of prosperity in this village , as the building clearly was very costly , " the authority said in its statement , citing Magness .	The ancient synagogue is in Israel 's Galilee region Samson is a well-known Bible figure The Samson scene is straight from the Book of Judges Another shows a Hebrew inscription
Monica Lewinsky writes that she 's concerned a second Hillary Clinton bid for the White House would thrust her back into the spotlight . "  When I hear of Hillary 's prospective candidacy , I can not help but fear the next wave of paparazzi , " she said in the upcoming issue of Vanity Fair . "  Like many Americans , I 've been thinking about Hillary Clinton . What might happen , I 've wondered , if she does run in 2016 . And what if she wins -- and then wins a second term ? " she said . "  But when I think about these matters , there 's a dimension at play for me other than just the fact that we might finally have a women in the White House , " said Lewinsky . ` Burn the beret ... ' Her comments were taken from the full article that 's due out on Thursday . It 's the first time she 's written about her affair with Bill Clinton , who was impeached over the resulting scandal . The Senate acquitted him of all charges . In excerpts released on Tuesday , Lewinsky , now 40 , said the sexual relationship with Clinton while working as an intern in the mid-1990s was consensual and it was time to move on . "  It 's time to burn the beret and bury the blue dress , " she wrote , noting that she "  deeply " regretted what occurred . "  Sure , my boss took advantage of me , but I will always remain firm on this point : it was a consensual relationship . Any ` abuse ' came in the aftermath , when I was made a scapegoat in order to protect his powerful position , " Lewinsky wrote . Wary of the next wave of stories While Lewinsky remained in the public eye for a number of years after the controversy , she said little about the scandal over the past decade . As the former first lady considers running for president , Lewinsky worries about how the potential campaign could affect her . In addition to "  paparazzi , " Lewinsky also is wary of "  the next wave of ` where is she now ? ' stories , the next reference to me in Fox News coverage of the primaries . I 've begun to find it debilitating to plot out the cycle of my life based , to some degree , on the political calendar . For me , it 's a scenario in which the personal and political are impossible to separate , " Lewinsky wrote . When Hillary Clinton ran for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2008 , Lewinsky said that she "  remained virtually reclusive , despite being inundated with press requests . " ` Gun-shy yet again ' She writes that she also put off announcing several media projects in 2012 until after that year 's presidential election . "  And recently I 've found myself gun-shy yet again , fearful of ` becoming an issue ' should she decide to ramp up her campaign . But should I put my life on hold for another 8 to 10 years ? " Lewinsky asked . But she added that it was time to stop "  tiptoeing around my past -- and other people 's futures . I am determined to have a different ending to my story . I 've decided , finally , to stick my head above the parapet so that I can take back my narrative and give a purpose to my past .  What this will cost me , I will soon find out .  " Lewinsky was constantly in the media during and shortly after the controversy . Handbags and grad school She sold a line of handbags in 1999 and the next year she appeared in commercials for diet company Jenny Craig . In 2002 , she appeared in an HBO special on the affair , and the next year she hosted a reality dating program . Lewinsky changed course in 2005 , moving to Britain to obtain a master 's degree in social psychology at the London School of Economics . She 's stayed out of the spotlight since . In the Vanity Fair article , Lewinsky responds to reports made public in February that Hillary Clinton , in correspondence with close friend Diane Blair during the 1990s , had characterized Lewinsky as a "  narcissistic loony toon . " Lewinsky writes that her first thought was : "  If that 's the worst thing she said , I should be so lucky . " She continued , "  Mrs. Clinton , I read , had supposedly confided to Blair that , in part , she blamed herself for her husband 's affair  by being emotionally neglectful  and seemed to forgive him . Although she regarded Bill as having engaged in ` gross inappropriate behavior , ' the affair was , nonetheless , ` consensual  was not a power relationship  . ' " Blair 's personal writings gave insight into the former first lady 's views on the Lewinsky scandal , as well as a host of other issues . The papers were donated by Blair 's family to the University of Arkansas . Asked about those conversations between Hillary Clinton and Blair , Lewinsky writes : "  Yes , I get it . Hillary Clinton wanted it on record that she was lashing out at her husband 's mistress . She may have faulted her husband for being inappropriate , but I find her impulse to blame the Woman -- not only me , but herself -- troubling . " And she rejects the "  narcissistic loony toon " label , saying that she refused to cooperate with interrogators offering the then-24-year-old immunity from the threat of jail time in return for wearing a wire to monitor staged conversations with two of Clinton 's confidantes . "  Courageous or foolish , maybe , " Lewinsky writes , "  but narcissistic and loony ? " The full article will appear in the June issue of Vanity Fair , which will be available in New York and Los Angeles and on the iPhone , iPad , Nook , and Kindle -- on Thursday . The magazine will hit national newsstands on May 13 . Clintons ' relationship with media still testy after all these years In political extramarital affairs , the mistress rarely emerges unscathed	Lewinsky said she 's been thinking about a Hillary Clinton run for president There is more to her than just having a woman as president She says she 's wary of the media barrage that she fears would come with it Lewinsky penned an article for Vanity Fair in which she talked about her affair with Bill Clinton
In an odd way , I sense calm as cars and buses whiz by at rush hour . It is a sign of normalcy . The snow has stopped falling and more people are out and about on this afternoon . West Florissant Avenue almost looks like it did before that August day when Michael Brown was shot and killed . Except the reminders that are hard to miss . The burned and looted QuikTrip gas station . The boarded up businesses . And on Canfield Drive , a block away , a memorial to Brown . Businesss owners covered up windows and doors with plywood after protesters clashed with police on West Florissant . Some had taken the plywood down but have put the boards back up , ahead of a grand jury decision on whether to indict police Officer Darren Wilson . It is as if they are readying for a storm . They scribbled the word "  Open " on the plywood . And neighborhood kids wasted no time making their mark with spray-painted graffiti . But on Thursday , artist Damon Davis was out covering up some of the scars , creating beauty amid the ugliness . I watch as he picks up a roller and applies a layer of glue on the plywood covering up a window to Red 's Barbecue . He positions one of his photographs and sticks it on . "  The plywood is so ugly , " he says . Davis was among those who took to the streets to demand accountability for Brown 's death . What happened in Ferguson , he says , should never again happen anywhere in America . It is personal for him . He is a 29-year-old black man who was born and raised in impoverished East St. Louis . Racial inequities have always been big in his artistic expressions . He took photos of the hands of the people around him at the Ferguson protests . Black hands . White hands . Old ones and young ones . And he made them into posters to display in public . "  We have a lot of people from a lot of backgrounds coming together , " he says . "  People look at the hands and kind of get it instantly . " Hands have become a big symbol for Ferguson protesters who allege that Wilson shot Brown even though he was unarmed and , they say , had his hands up in the air . Some Wilson supporters , however , say Brown was a thief and a thug who scuffled with the officer and provoked him into shooting . Davis ' art caught my eye instantly as I drove down West Florissant , past fast food shops , beauty stores , laundromats and convenience stores , all made ugly by the plywood . Martez Davis and Anthony Gatling help Davis put up his work . Davis is only 14 and in the eighth grade . But he says he wants to be out here , helping the cause . A local store donated a cooler full of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and milk . It is the only food the crew had eaten since morning . Damon Davis is grateful that local businesses are supportive , especially since they paid a heavy price in lost revenues after the protests erupted . As a young artist , Davis hoped to retain a fascination and wonder for the process of storytelling . That 's what his Web page statement says . But never did he expect to find himself walking West Florissant Avenue , plastering his art over boarded-up shops . Now his hands stand as memorial . And , he says , as hope amid despair . He has many more sheets of plywood to cover as I leave him for the justice center in Clayton where the grand jury decision is expected to be announced at any moment . In the rear view mirror , West Florissant Avenue fades , just for a minute , and I see only the prints of hands on paper .	Damon Davis saw the hands of fellow protesters as a symbol of unity He is covering the plywood on boarded-up businesses with photos of those hands He wants them to signal hope in a town on edge , awaiting a grand jury 's verdict
CNN  -- The first person to be diagnosed with Ebola on American soil went to the emergency room last week , but was released from the hospital even though he told staff he had traveled from Liberia . "  A travel history was taken , but it was n't communicated to the people who were making the decision . ... It was a mistake . They dropped the ball , " said Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases . "  You do n't want to pile on them , but hopefully this will never happen again . ... The CDC has been vigorously emphasizing the need for a travel history , " Fauci told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper . " Hospital officials have acknowledged that the patient 's travel history was n't "  fully communicated " to doctors , but also said in a statement Wednesday that based on his symptoms , there was no reason to admit him when he first came to the emergency room last Thursday night . "  At that time , the patient presented with low-grade fever and abdominal pain . His condition did not warrant admission . He also was not exhibiting symptoms specific to Ebola , " Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas said . The patient , identified by his half-brother as Thomas Eric Duncan , told hospital staff that he was from Liberia , a friend who knows him well said . A nurse asked the patient about his recent travels while he was in the emergency room , and the patient said he had been in Africa , said Dr. Mark Lester , executive vice president of Texas Health Resources . But that information was not "  fully communicated " to the medical team , Lester said . The man underwent basic blood tests , but not an Ebola screening , and was sent home with antibiotics , said Dr. Edward Goodman with Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital . Three days later , the man returned to the facility , where it was determined that he probably had Ebola . He was then isolated . "  The hospital followed all suggested CDC protocols at that time . Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas ' staff is thoroughly trained in infection control procedures and protocols , " the hospital said Wednesday . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , which has helped lead the international response to Ebola , advises that all medical facilities should ask patients with symptoms consistent with Ebola for their travel history . Duncan 's travel history "  was not acted upon in an appropriate way , " said Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's Chief Medical Correspondent . "  A nurse did ask the question and he did respond that he was in Liberia and that was n't transmitted to people who were in charge of his care , " Gupta said . "  There 's no excuse for this . " A U.S. official told CNN senior medical correspondent Elizabeth Cohen that the situation was clearly "  a screw-up . " A patient who shows up to a hospital with a fever and a history of travel to Liberia should be treated as an infection risk , the official said . Asked repeatedly by Gupta whether the patient should have been tested for Ebola during his first visit to the hospital , CDC Director Dr. Thomas Frieden said officials were still looking at details about how the case was handled . "  We know that in busy emergency departments all over the country , people may not ask travel histories . I do n't know if that was done here , " Frieden said . "  But we need to make sure that it is done going forward . " Friend : I called the CDC with concerns Duncan is a 42-year-old Liberian national , according to his friend . This is Duncan 's first trip to the United States , where he was visiting family and friends . The close associate , who does not want to be identified because of the sensitivity of the case , contacted the CDC with concerns that the hospital was n't moving quickly enough after Duncan 's second hospital visit . The associate said Duncan is "  all right " now , but is in pain and has n't eaten in a week . The patient is now under intensive care and isolated , Frieden said . He is in serious condition , the hospital told CNN . Neither the hospital nor government officials have identified Duncan by name . Obama administration recirculates guidelines It 's unknown whether others were infected after Duncan 's first visit to the hospital . People who have Ebola are contagious -- but only through contact with infected bodily fluids -- when they display active symptoms of the virus , such as a high fever , severe headache , diarrhea and vomiting , among others . It 's not like a cold or the flu , which can be spread before symptoms show up , and it does n't spread through the air . Liberia is one of the hotspots in a large outbreak of Ebola in West Africa , with 3,458 cases and 1,830 deaths as of September 23 , according to the World Health Organization . Other countries affected include Guinea , Nigeria and Sierra Leone . In total , more than 3,000 people have died in those countries from Ebola , and more than 6,500 have contracted the disease . This summer , two American missionaries who were working in Liberia contracted the virus and were brought back to the United States , where they were treated with the experimental drug ZMapp . Another American doctor working with the same charity was also infected in Liberia and brought home for treatment . They all have since recovered from the virus and were released from care . The CDC has ramped up a national effort to stem the spread of Ebola , and in September President Barack Obama spoke at CDC headquarters in Atlanta . He called the virus a global health and security threat , and pledged U.S. assistance to the affected countries to try to stem the tide of the disease . After the Dallas diagnosis , the Obama administration is recirculating its guidance about how to respond to the virus , White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters . "  In light of this incident , " Earnest said , "  the administration has taken the step of recirculating our guidance to law enforcement agencies that are responsible for securing the border , to those agencies that represent individuals who staff the airline industry and to medical professionals all across the country , to make sure people are aware there is an important protocol that should be implemented if an individual presents with symptoms that are consistent with Ebola . " Finding the people the man came in contact with The patient came into contact with up to 20 individuals , Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings told CNN . A CDC team is in Dallas helping to find anyone he may have come in contact with , Frieden said . Once those people are identified , they will be monitored for 21 days -- taking their temperatures twice a day -- in cooperation with local and state health officials , Frieden said . Some school-age children have been in contact with the Ebola patient , but the students have n't exhibited symptoms of the deadly virus , authorities said . Five students at four different schools came into contact with the man , Dallas Superintendent Mike Miles said . The children are being monitored at home , and the schools they attended remain open , he said . Paramedics who transported the patient to the hospital have been isolated , Rawlings ' chief of staff said . They have not shown symptoms of the disease so far , Frieden said . The ambulance used to carry the patient was still in use for two days after the transport , city of Dallas spokeswoman Sana Syed said . But she emphasized that the paramedics decontaminated the ambulance , as they do after every transport , according to national standards . Learn how Ebola spreads Ebola : 9 things to know about the killer disease Air travel testing The Ebola patient told authorities he flew part of his trip on United Airlines , a spokesperson for the airline said , citing information from the CDC . The airline believes the patient flew from Brussels to Washington Dulles and then from Dulles to Dallas-Fort Worth on September 20 , the spokesperson said . "  The director of the CDC has stated there is ` zero risk of transmission ' on any flight on which the patient flew because he was not symptomatic until several days after his trip and could not have been contagious on the dates he traveled , " the spokesperson said . Every person who travels by air is screened before departure and at arrival in Liberia , Guinea and Sierra Leone , but because the man says he began feeling ill days after landing in the United States , a screening test in West Africa would likely have not turned up that he had Ebola . However , it 's unclear what kind of screening someone flying from West Africa might receive when they land in the United States , Cohen said . The CNN correspondent and her crew recently reported in and flew from West Africa , where she said they were screened numerous times for Ebola by having their temperatures taken at the airport . Should we worry ? But when they arrived back in the United States , and asked travel officials about whether their temperatures would be taken or whether they 'd be screened for Ebola , they were given unclear explanations about how the process worked and ultimately were not tested . Regardless , the CDC maintains that passengers on planes with the Texas patient were likely not at risk because the man was not displaying active symptoms . How the virus spreads CNN 's Jennifer Bixler , Danelle Garcia , AnneClaire Stapleton , Jason Morris , Chandler Friedman , Greg Botelho , Ed Payne and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. official to CNN : The situation is a "  screw-up " Dallas mayor : The patient came into contact with up to 20 people Hospital says symptoms ` did not warrant admission ' last week NIH official on hospital : "  They dropped the ball "
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- As residents of the U.S. Northeast grapple with the destruction wrought by Superstorm Sandy , an offer of assistance has come from an unlikely quarter : the leader of a radical Muslim group in Pakistan that Washington has branded a terrorist group . "  We offer our unconditional support and help for the victims " of the storm , Hafiz Mohammad Saeed , head of the Islamic charity Jamaat-ud-Dawa , said in a statement late Tuesday . "  If U.S. government allows , we will send our doctors , relief and rescue experts , food and medicine on humanitarian grounds . " India accuses Saeed of masterminding the 2008 terrorist assault on Mumbai that killed 166 people -- an allegation he denies . The United States , which has declared Jamaat-ud-Dawa a terrorist organization and put up a $ 10 million reward for information leading to Saeed 's arrest and conviction , declined the offer . "  While we have great respect for Islamic tradition of social assistance to those who are in need no matter where they might be , this particular offer strikes us as very hollow , " State Department spokesman Mark Toner told reporters Wednesday . Is Sandy a taste of things to come ? Saeed said in the statement posted on Jamaat-ud-Dawa 's Facebook page Tuesday that despite the bounty and U.S. allegations about his organization , helping Americans struck by adversity is "  our religious and moral obligation . " "  Islam orders us to help them without discriminating between religion , cast or creed , " he said in the statement , which was set against the backdrop of an apparently fabricated image of a scuba diver swimming through a submerged Times Square subway station . His organization said on its Twitter account that it had previously carried out relief efforts following natural disasters in Sri Lanka and Indonesia . Sandy 's impact : State by state The "  wanted " notice for Saeed issued by the State Department 's Rewards for Justice program in April described him as a former professor of Arabic and engineering who helped found Jamaat-ud-Dawa , which aims to bring about Islamist rule in India and Pakistan . The group 's military wing , Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , which means army of the pure , is blamed for violence in the disputed territory of Kashmir aimed at liberating Muslims . After the September 11 , 2001 , attacks in the United States , Lashkar-e-Tayyiba began operating outside Kashmir . It is suspected of carrying out several high-profile attacks in India in the past few years . How you can help storm victims The United States labeled it a "  foreign terrorist organization " in December 2001 , and under pressure from Washington , Pakistan banned it in 2002 . But the group continues to function freely . After the U.S. government announced the reward for his capture in April , Saeed appeared on Pakistani television and seemed unruffled by the move . "  I am living my life in the open and the U.S. can contact me whenever they want , " he said . Saeed said the Pakistani Supreme Court had cleared him and his organization of wrongdoing in relation to the Mumbai attacks in which gunmen stormed locations throughout Mumbai , killing scores of people and taking hostages . Six American citizens were killed in the carnage . "  The U.S. government is listening to the Indian lobby and not making its own decisions , " Saeed said regarding the allegations against him . He condemned the Mumbai attacks . Pakistani authorities have refused to take him into custody , saying they have n't received "  concrete evidence " against him . The Indian government has issued a notice with Interpol against Saeed in relation to his alleged role in the attacks . India accuses him of participating in the training of the gunmen in the Mumbai attack and has charged him in absentia . Saeed has not been indicted in the United States , but the Treasury Department designated him and three other Lashkar-e-Tayyiba leaders as terrorists in 2008 . It froze their assets in the United States and prohibited Americans from doing any business with them . ` Heroic ' Iran , ` resistive ' Syria behind Sandy , pro-Assad group claims	NEW : United States declines offer of aid from Hafiz Mohammad Saeed U.S. government had offered $ 10 million for information leading to his capture He is accused of involvement in the Mumbai attacks in 2008 He denies the allegations and says the Pakistani courts have cleared him
CNN  Greg Ozubko never thought he 'd be tending goal at this point in his life . Not just because he 's 50 , but because 16 years ago he was having so much pain in his hands and feet he could n't walk across a parking lot , let alone put his feet in a pair of skates or drop to his knees to stop a puck . Like many Canadians , Ozubko started playing hockey as a kid . When he grew up he wanted to be Wayne Gretzky . He played through high school and college , but knew he was n't good enough to realize his NHL dreams . So he moved on in life . He started a graphics business , got married and settling down in Atlanta . His hockey gear , it collected dust in the closet . In 1998 he started having unexplained pain . It was so severe that nothing could touch his joints . "  Once the symptoms started they were pretty debilitating , " he remembers . After a series of doctor 's visits and tests , he was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis . Doctors were able to find a medication that worked for him . That was life changing . By 2002 , he felt so great that while watching his home NHL team , the Atlanta Thrashers , he made a decision . The team was horrible that year and in watching them struggle motivated him . He would get back on the ice . "  One night it just flipped a switch and it just went , I wan na go do this again , " he says . The next day Ozubko says he unearthed his old goalie gear from the 1980s . He dusted it off and headed to the rink . He decided he wanted to be a goalie . There was a learning curve though . The modern techniques goalies used were different from when he was a kid . He had to learn . He must have been a quick study , because his style of playing caught the attention of some coaches along the way . They invited him to play in an elite group of hockey players in the Atlanta area . That led to an invitation to training camp for the minor league team called the Gwinnett Gladiators . Ozubko made the cut and was tapped as the East coast hokey league team 's backup goalie . Quickly he was blocking shots from players half his age . He 's always ready to step in whenever one of the teams ' goalies is injured or when the team 's goalie would called up to the majors . Today he 's retired from minor league play . But he still feels good enough to play . He fills in on goalie when they need one for team practice . He mentors many of his much younger teammates and works as a player liaison . That time playing with the Gladiators has left its mark . Ozubko remembers taking it all in as he dressed for his first professional game in November 2011 . "  It was a profound experience , " Ozubko says . His mission now is to remind the young guys how lucky they are to have landed a coveted spot on a team . "  When I first started doing this I was 47 and I never would have believed that I would have had an opportunity like this , " he says . To him , his ability to play , even for a short amount of time , it is a true gift .	Greg Ozubko suffered terrible arthritis pain and could n't walk His NHL team the Atlanta Thrashers were having a terrible season That made him determined to get better
Comedian John Pinette was found dead in a Pittsburgh hotel room Saturday , the Allegheny County medical examiner 's office said Monday . Pinette , 50 , died of natural causes stemming from "  a medical history he was being treated for , " the medical examiner 's spokesman said . An autopsy will not be done since his personal doctor signed the death certificate . Pinette toured the comedy club circuit for more than two decades , but he may be best known for his role in the series finale of "  Seinfeld " in 1998 . His character , Howie , was a carjacking victim in the last episode . Although past addiction problems "  took a toll on his body , " Pinette was "  clean and sober " at the end , his longtime manager Larry Schapiro said Monday . Pinette , who once weighed 450 pounds , slimmed to 250 pounds in the past two years . His dramatic weight loss was the subject of a new comedy set he was developing that he titled "  They Call Me Slim , " Schapiro said . His manager shared his opening line : "  You know how they say in every fat person there 's a skinny person waiting to come out ? Well , mine came out , and mine was fat . " Pinette was in college working on an accounting degree when he started performing at open mic nights at Boston comedy clubs in the 1980s , Schapiro said . He was working at a bank when he was offered $ 100 a night to perform at a club . "  He went to work the next day but went to lunch and never came back , " Schapiro said . He had a reputation among his friends and fellow comedians as a brilliant , incredibly funny and kind man . "  He could n't walk past a homeless person without giving them a $ 20 , " Schapiro said . "  He would say , ` There but for the grace of God go I. ' " Comedians who knew and toured with Pinette expressed their condolences through Twitter . "  He was an extremely funny guy and a great human , " Russell Peters said . Bob Saget wrote , "  Funny man . Kind man . " Dane Cook posted that he did a film with Pinette . "  He was one of the most generous people I 've ever worked with . A hilarious comedian . Sad loss . " "  A headliner both on an off stage , " Bill Burr said . "  Such a great man . Truly inspirational . " "  I was so lucky to work so many gigs with John Pinette who was as kind as he was funny , " wrote Caroline Rhea . "  So very sad for his family . Way too young . " People we lost in 2014	Addiction "  took a toll , " but Pinette was "  clean and sober " at the end , manager says His character was carjacked in the "  Seinfeld " finale Pinette died of natural causes , official says "  He was an extremely funny guy and a great human , " Russell Peters says
CNN  -- In the lead up to every New Year 's Eve the inevitable question of how to celebrate arises . For most , waterfronts become the focal point of the celebrations . It 's hard not to see why with the amazing firework displays looking even more dazzling reflected in the water . So jump in a boat or head to the foreshore for our the top 10 places to countdown to 2012 . River Seine , Paris See Paris , the ` City of Light ' , be lit with fireworks while cruising down the River Seine on the last day of the year . The Eiffel Tower is the centerpiece for the festivities and from some parts of the river you can get a magnificent uninterrupted view of the famous structure . Sydney Harbor Sydney prides itself on holding what it claims to be the most spectacular New Year 's Eve celebrations in the world . Thousands of boats anchor in the harbor and millions of people hit the foreshore to witness the firework display with the ` Sydney Opera House ' and Harbor Bridge used as the backdrop . The shores of Kiribati , Pacific Ocean Leave your worries and the rest of the world behind in 2011 in this tiny Pacific nation . Kiribati is the first place in the world to ring in 2012 . Kiribati prides itself on being the first nation to celebrate the New Year , even changing the name of one of its islands before 2000 to Millennium Island to mark the fact it would be the first country to enter the third millennium . Niagara Falls , Ontario This is no ordinary waterfront , but with the spectacular backdrop of the Niagara Falls , it 's hard to go past Queen Victoria Park in Ontario . The freezing weather does not deter the tens of thousands of people who hit the park to count down to the New Year . Revelers can listen to live music while watching an amazing fireworks display over the world famous waterfall . Copacabana Beach , Rio de Janerio Brazilians are renowned for their outstanding parties and New Year 's Eve is no different . It is one of the greatest celebrations in the South American nation , second only to the Carnival . Millions hit the sands of the famous Copacabana Beach in Rio de Janeiro to watch the firework display over the Atlantic Ocean . The Bosporus , Istanbul Celebrate 2012 across two continents on the Bosporus in Istanbul -- the strait that divides Europe and Asia . A fireworks display lights up the Bosporus Bridge while beautiful mosques and other ancient Turkish are illuminated , giving those on the water a stunning view . Koh Phangan Beach , Thailand If you want to escape the cold on New Year 's Eve then there is no better place to do it than on the beach in Thailand . Koh Phangan is home to Thailand 's famous moon parties and on New Year 's Eve the celebrations continue . The beach is packed mostly with tourists keen to party well into New Year 's Day . Victoria Harbor , Hong Kong The vast harbor is lit up when the clock strikes 12 in Hong Kong . Fireworks are set off from the buildings which line the foreshore , using the high-rises as a part of the lighting show and giving the audience a dazzling display . River Thames , London If you 're willing to brave the chilly winds , a cruise on the River Thames will provide spectacular views . Watch the fireworks with London 's iconic new and old buildings in the background such as Big Ben , Westminster and the London Eye . Victoria and Albert Waterfront , Cape Town The fantastic sound of African drums beat out at this New Year 's celebration in Cape Town . Revelers enjoy a warm summer 's evening on the water here , with firework displays and street performers for those onshore .	Waterfronts across the world are the focal point for many NYE celebrations Revelers will need to brave the cold to watch fireworks on the River Seine and Thames Party goers who prefer the warmer weather can head to the beaches in Brazil and Thailand
The NFL , already under fire for its handling of concussions and domestic violence , saw several teams visited by the Drug Enforcement Administration after their Sunday games . It follows yet another allegation that the nation 's most popular sports league has less than the highest regard for its players ' well-being , as team trainers are being accused of handing out prescription painkillers to keep players on the field . DEA agents interviewed doctors and trainers of several NFL teams after their games as part of an investigation into allegations of illegal dispensing of prescription drugs . The DEA questioned the medical and training staffs of the San Francisco 49ers following the team 's 16-10 victory at the New York Giants , agency spokesman Rusty Payne told CNN . The 49ers cooperated with the "  random inspection " at MetLife Stadium , the team 's director of communications , Bob Lange , said . The team departed the stadium as scheduled , he added . The Tampa Bay Buccaneers announced via Twitter that the DEA "  checked in " with the team at the Baltimore-Washington International Airport . After a five-minute delay , the team proceeded to its plane without incident , the team said . A Justice Department official told CNN that DEA agents interviewed team doctors at "  several locations . " The DEA investigation stems from allegations in a lawsuit filed by 1,300 former NFL players that the league illegally provided powerful painkillers and other prescription drugs to keep them on the field . The class-action lawsuit was filed in California in May . Other allegations include that drugs were being administered by staff -- specifically athletic trainers -- lacking the licenses to do so . If true , these actions would violate the Controlled Substances Act . Sunday 's questioning of doctors and trainers was administrative and not criminal , Payne said . No arrests were made , he said . "  Our teams cooperated with the DEA today , and we have no information to indicate that irregularities were found , " said Brian McCarthy , the NFL 's vice president of corporate communications . The players ' suit accuses NFL trainers of handing out pills without prescriptions and without regard to possible dangerous interactions with other drugs . The named players in the lawsuit include former Chicago Bears quarterback Jim McMahon who , according to the lawsuit , says he got hooked on painkillers by taking as many as 100 Percocet pills a month .	The DEA interviewed doctors and trainers for the San Francisco 49ers There are reports other teams were questioned , but DEA declined to comment The investigation stems from a lawsuit alleging illegal handling of prescription drugs
CNN  -- It was not the present cricket fans would have asked for when they woke up bleary eyed on Christmas morning . Jacques Kallis , arguably the greatest all-rounder in the history of the game , has announced he will retire from Test match cricket following the second Test against India which begins on December 26 . Kallis , 38 , made the announcement in a statement Wednesday following a career which has spanned 18 years and 165 Test matches . "  It has been an honor and a privilege to have been part of the South African Test team since making my debut 18 years ago , " he said . "  I have enjoyed every moment out in the middle but I just feel that the time is right to hang up my Test whites . "  It was n't an easy decision to come to , especially with Australia around the corner and the success this team is enjoying , but I feel that I have made my contribution in this format . " Kallis made his debut against England as a 20-year-old in December 1995 and has scored 13,174 runs at an average of 55.12 , with 44 centuries and 58 half-centuries . He sits fourth on the list of leading run scorers behind the recently retired Sachin Tendulkar , Australia 's Ricky Ponting and India 's Rahul Dravid . Kallis , whose bowling was also a crucial part of his role in the South Africa team , gained him 292 wickets while he also held on to 199 catches . He will remain available for limited overs cricket and could feature in the Twenty20 World Cup in Bangladesh in March . Kallis hade made 11,574 runs in 325 one-day internationals and providing he remains fit , should be on course to play a key role in Australia and New Zealand at the 50-over World Cup in 2015 . "  The last two years specifically have been a memorable journey with an exceptional group of cricketers , " Kallis said . "  I am fortunate enough to have ended my Test career amongst a group of talented cricketers but more importantly , friends whom I will cherish for years to come . "  I do n't see it as goodbye because I still have a lot of hunger to push South Africa to that World Cup in 2015 if I am fit and performing . "  Winning an IPL title with the Kolkata Knight Riders was a special achievement , and I am still determined to taste that success with South Africa at an ICC event . " Kallis has been an integral part of the Proteas side which has risen to World No. 1 in the Test match rankings . Under captain Graeme Smith , he has been one of the outstanding players alongside fast bowler Dale Steyn , batsman Hashim Amla and the talented AB de Villiers . He was named as the International Cricket Council 's Player of the Year in 2005 along with England 's Andrew Flintoff as well as being named Test match Player of the Year following an incredible season where he scored five centuries in consecutive matches . Team coach , Russell Domingo , says South Africa may never see a player like Kallis ever again . "  The impact Jacques has made on South African cricket has been immense , not just as a player but as a human being , " he said . "  I 'm not sure we will ever see another player of that stature very soon . "  Jacques calmness , maturity and presence in the change room will sorely be missed and hopefully he will still be able to play a role in this team 's success in the near future . "  He has ambitions of playing in the 2015 World Cup and it will be important for us to manage him accordingly so that he is in prime form leading into the tournament . "	Jacques Kallis to retire from Test match cricket The 38-year-old remains available for limited overs cricket Made debut as a 20-year-old against England in 1995 Is the fourth highest run-scorer in history of Test match cricket
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The driver responsible for a head-on collision that killed eight people -- including herself and four children -- on the Taconic State Parkway north of New York City last week was drunk and impaired by marijuana , authorities said . One of the vehicles in the three-vehicle wreck was heading the wrong direction , police said . Diane Schuler , 36 , had a blood alcohol concentration of 0.19 percent and high levels of marijuana in her system , Maj. William Carey of the New York State Police said at a news conference Tuesday . Schuler also had "  6 grams of alcohol in her stomach that had yet to be metabolized , " Carey said . Schuler 's blood alcohol level indicated that she had consumed approximately 10 alcoholic beverages , said Betsy Spratt , chief toxicologist with the Westchester County district attorney 's office . "  She would have had difficulty with perception , with her judgment -LSB- and -RSB- with her memory , " Spratt said of Schuler . "  Around that level of alcohol , you also start to get what 's called tunnel vision , where your perception is changed and you ca n't see peripherally all the time . " Investigators recovered a broken bottle of vodka in Schuler 's minivan , said Carey , who added police did n't know whether she was drinking while driving . Spratt said she ca n't determine what kind of alcohol Schuler drank . The head-on crash happened July 26 when a minivan driven by Schuler and carrying five children was heading the wrong way on a northbound lane of the Taconic State Parkway about 30 miles north of New York City , police said . The minivan crashed into an SUV carrying three adults . Schuler and four of the children in the minivan died , as did the three people in the SUV . One child in the minivan survived and was hospitalized . One of the killed children was Schuler 's daughter , and the other three were her nieces , CNN affiliate WABC reported . The child who survived is Schuler 's son , according to WABC . A third vehicle carrying two adults was also involved in the crash , state police said . They suffered minor injuries . Witnesses told authorities they believed they saw the minivan straddling lanes and tailgating before the crash , according to WABC . The district attorney 's office and the police "  will continue to investigate the facts and circumstances that led up to the collision causing the deaths , so that the public and the families of the victims can understand what led to this horrific crash , " said Westchester County District Attorney Janet DiFiore in a written statement . Carey echoed that sentiment , saying a criminal investigation continues but that no criminal charges will be filed at this point .	Minivan driver , four children , three other adults killed in July 26 crash Driver of minivan had blood alcohol level twice the legal limit , authorities say Police : Minivan was going wrong way in Taconic State Parkway wreck
CNN  -- The International Olympic Committee has reinstated India , allowing its athletes to once again compete under their country 's flag after a ban of more than a year . The reinstatement raises to 89 the number of countries and territories participating in the Sochi Games . "  It is the first time in Olympic history that a suspension of an NOC  National Olympic Committee  has been lifted during an Olympic Games , " the IOC said in a statement Tuesday . The decision means that Indian athletes can now compete for India 's Olympic committee and walk behind their national flag at the closing ceremony of the Winter Games in Sochi on 23 February , the statement said . At the opening ceremony last week , India 's delegation of three athletes had marched under an IOC flag . India was suspended from the Olympic fold in December 2012 after the Indian Olympic Association elected Lalit Bhanot , who spent 11 months in jail on corruption charges , to a top post . The situation remained deadlocked for months , as the Indian association refused to bow to the IOC 's demands for changes . But the IOC said Tuesday that it had ended the suspension following the Indian association 's general assembly and elections for a new board on Sunday . An IOC delegation that observed the elections reported that they complied with the requirement that "  no person convicted or charge-framed can run for a position within the organization . " Narayna Ramachandran , the president of the World Squash Federation , was voted in as the new president of the Indian association . "  To symbolically mark the lifting of the suspension and in recognition of the three Indian athletes competing in Sochi , the Indian flag will be raised in the Olympic Village , " the IOC said Tuesday . India responded positively to the announcement . "  I am happy that suspension is over and now Indian teams and players will take part in the International events under the national flag , " said Vijay Kumar Malhotra , the former acting president of Indian Olympic Association . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh and Khushbu Shah contributed to this report .	It 's the first time a ban of a national committee has been lifted during an Olympics The IOC suspended India in 2012 over the election of a tainted official to a top post The Indian Olympic Association has now held new elections that the IOC has approved Indian athletes will now be able to walk behind the national flag at Sochi 's closing ceremony
CNN  -- With Torino pushing for a Champions League spot in Italy 's Serie A , the Derby della Mole promised to be interesting . Torino had n't beaten Juventus for about 20 years but has been a surprise package this season and possesses two of the league 's top strikers in Alessio Circi and Ciro Immobile . A striker did shine Sunday , although it was Juventus ' Carlos Tevez . Tevez scored the only goal in the first half and Juventus restored its nine-point advantage over Roma atop the division with a 1-0 win . Juventus mostly stifled Torino as it extended its unbeaten spell in Serie A to 17 games , though the visitor felt it should have gotten a penalty late in the game . Tevez 's effort in the 30th minute put the Argentine tied first in the league scoring charts with the injured Giuseppe Rossi and what a goal it was . He controlled a low , fiercely struck pass , turned and scored on a half volley from outside the box . "  It 's one of the few times Torino were able to play against us with no pressure , thanks to the great campaign they are having , " Juventus keeper Gianluigi Buffon said in comments posted on the Football Italia website . "  It was a real derby , quite an English style one with the referee letting the action run . "  Compliments to Torino , as their performance made it really difficult for us . In a complicated and balanced encounter like this , the difference is made by those moments of magic from a champion . We 've got several and today Carlos was decisive . " Veteran Italian international Andrea Pirlo celebrated with Tevez and Pirlo was involved in the penalty claim in the 80th minute . Omar El Kaddouri went down and Torino thought he was tripped but the referee allowed play to continue . Roma beat Bologna 1-0 on Saturday . Bayern Munich ` relentless ' ` Bayern relentless ' was the headline used by the Bundesliga 's website after it crushed Hannover 96 4-0 and that about sums it up . Bayern registered a 14th straight win in the Bundesliga , has n't lost in the league in 47 matches and blanked Arsenal in the Champions League on Wednesday . Thomas Muller and Thiago Alcantara gave the reigning European champion a 2-0 lead at the break and Muller and Mario Mandzukic added strikes in the second half . With second-place Bayer Leverkusen losing on Saturday , Bayern 's lead rose to 19 points . "  It took a while before we found our rhythm , " Bayern manager Pep Guardiola told the club website . "  We played very well once we 'd scored . It was a chance to extend our lead over our rivals -- and my lads have done just that . " In more good news for Bayern , inspirational midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger made his first start since sustaining an ankle injury in November and played more than 70 minutes . "  It felt good to be back in the starting lineup and not to have any problems , " he said . "  I 'm feeling much better and my fitness is improving too . " Atletico stutters Not accustomed to competing in the knockout stages of the Champions League , maybe Atletico Madrid 's 1-0 win at AC Milan last Wednesday took its toll . An unusually sluggish Atletico conceded three goals in the first half and lost 3-0 at relegation threatened Osasuna to miss a chance to join Real Madrid on 63 points atop Spain 's La Liga . "  It was a good match for them in the first 25 minutes , " Atletico manager Diego Simeone told his club 's website . "  In the second half we lifted the team level and at least played the game . You can lose and would rather lose like we did in the second half . " It was a fine weekend for Real Madrid , given Barcelona also lost Saturday and remained on 60 points . Atletico hosts Real Madrid next week and current world player of the year Cristiano Ronaldo is expected to feature for Los Blancos after serving his three-game ban .	Juventus downs Turin rival Torino 1-0 to win Derby della Mole Carlos Tevez scores a first-half stunner for the lone goal Sunday Bayern Munich wins to increase Bundesliga lead to a hefty 19 points Atletico Madrid fails to make up ground in Spanish title race after losing
Two scientists in Japan and one at the University of California at Santa Barbara were awarded this year 's Nobel Prize in physics for helping create the LED light , a transformational and ubiquitous source that now lights up everything from our living rooms to our flashlights to our smart phones . The awarding committee said the trio 's work is in keeping with the spirit of Alfred Nobel , the founder of the prize , because LED lights save on energy , last long and are environmentally-friendly because they do n't contain mercury . They "  hold great promise for increasing the quality of life for over 1.5 billion people around the world who lack access to electricity grids , " the awarding committee said . Specifically , Isamu Akasaki , Hiroshi Amano and Shuji Nakamura were honored for inventing the blue light emitting diode . Red and green diodes had been around for years . But when the three created the blue diodes in the early 1990s , only then could the white lamps that glow from every corner of our world be created . For 30 years , scientists had tried to create the blue diode . "  They triggered a fundamental transformation of lighting technology , " the committee said . "  They succeeded where everyone else failed . " LED lights last longer and are more efficient than regular light bulbs and fluorescent lamps . Medicine Nobel Prize goes for work on cells that form brain 's GPS system Not prepared for it Nakamura , a scientist at the University of California , Santa Barbara , said by phone that receiving the news that he had won the Nobel prize was "  unbelievable . " Akasaki and Amano are affiliated with Nagoya University in Japan . Amano was on a flight when the committee tried to call him so was not able to hear the news in advance of the news conference , the committee said . Staffan Normark , permanent secretary of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences , said that Nakamura and Akasaki had been thrilled to learn they were prize winners . "  I think they were not prepared for it . They had not been waiting up all day and all night for this call , " he said . The three winners will share the 8 million Swedish kronor  $ 1.2 million  attached to the prize . Last year 's physics prize went jointly to Francois Englert of Belgium and Peter Higgs of the United Kingdom for the theory of how particles acquire mass . Their theoretical brilliance was borne out when researchers confirmed the existence in 2012 of the Higgs boson , or "  God particle . " The Nobel prizes in chemistry , literature and economic sciences will be announced later this week , as will the Nobel Peace Prize .	Scientist Shuji Nakamura says winning the Nobel Prize is "  unbelievable " Committee : Trio 's work is in keeping with the spirit of Alfred Nobel They invented the blue light-emitting diode Coupled with the red and green , it creates white LED lights
EW.com  -- Another day , another English musician getting upset over his compensation from a streaming service . Following in the footsteps of the gentlemen from Pink Floyd , Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke took umbrage with the amount of money paid to artists who allow their music on Spotify . "  Make no mistake new artists you discover on #Spotify will no get paid , " Yorke tweeted . "  Meanwhile shareholders will shortly being rolling in it . Simples . " Yorke engaged in a Twitter exchange with his longtime producer and collaborator Nigel Godrich , who tweeted , "  We 're off of Spotify . Ca n't do that no more man . Small meaningless rebellion . " Pink Floyd writes an open letter on streaming services That means that Spotify customers can no longer stream Yorke 's 2006 solo album "  The Eraser , " the first album from Godrich 's Ultraista project , or the Atoms For Peace album "  Amok . " "  The reason is that new artists get paid f *** all with this model . It 's an equation that just does n't work , " Godrich wrote on Twitter . "  Meanwhile small labels and new artists ca n't even keep their lights on . It 's just not right . " More and more musicians have been speaking up about streaming services , who continually swear that their compensation packages are fair . In the eyes of Yorke and Godrich , services like Spotify  or Pandora , another frequent adversary of musicians  devalue the product created by artists . Yorke drove that point home in his most recent tweet : "  For me ` In Rainbows ' was a statement of trust . People still value new music , " he wrote , referencing the album his band released as a pay-what-you-want download back in 2007 . "  That 's all we 'd like from Spotify . Do n't make us the target . " Reassessing Radiohead Spotify released a statement in response to Yorke and Godrich 's tweets : "  Spotify 's goal is to grow a service which people love , ultimately want to pay for , and which will provide the financial support to the music industry necessary to invest in new talent and music , " a company spokesperson said Monday . "  We want to help artists connect with their fans , find new audiences , grow their fan base and make a living from the music we all love . "  Right now we 're still in the early stages of a long-term project that 's already having a hugely positive effect on artists and new music . We 've already paid $ 500M to rightsholders so far , and by the end of 2013 this number will reach US$ 1bn . Much of this money is being invested in nurturing new talent and producing great new music . "  We 're 100 percent committed to making Spotify the most artist-friendly music service possible , and are constantly talking to artists and managers about how Spotify can help build their careers . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Radiohead 's Thom Yorke disagrees with Spotify 's musician compensation His producer and collaborator , Nigel Godrich , said their music has been pulled from the service Spotify responded that they 're still in the early stages of a long-term project
CNN  -- They live at the end of a runway at one of the nation 's busiest airports , and only now has anyone cared to identify them and even give them a name . They are yellow-bellied legless lizards , and their species name is A. stebbinsi , after 98-year-old herpetologist Robert C. Stebbins . Their home is in the dunes west of Los Angeles International Airport . Stebbins ' namesakes , which look like snakes , were discovered and identified by Theodore Papenfuss , a herpetologist with the Museum of Vertebrate Zoology at the University of California , Berkeley , and James Parham of California State University , Fullerton . The pair also reported finding three other new species of legless lizards , all from California , in research published this week in the journal Breviora from the Museum of Comparative Zoology at Harvard University . Giant lizard named for Jim Morrison tells tale of climate change The other legless lizards were found among oil derricks in the San Joaquin Valley , on the edge of the Mojave Desert and in a vacant lot in downtown Bakersfield . "  These are animals that have existed in the San Joaquin Valley , separate from any other species , for millions of years , completely unknown , " Parham said in a statement from UC Berkeley . Papenfuss said , "  This shows that there is a lot of undocumented biodiversity within California . " Undocumented because it 's hard to find , at least in the case of these lizards . They burrow into the loose soil and spend their entire lives in an area measured in square feet . Olinguito the newest rare mammal species discovery The A. stebbinsi were found under leaf litter . The three other species -- the silver-bellied A. alexanderae , the purple-bellied A. grinnelli and the yellow-bellied A. campi -- were found after researchers left flattened cardboard boxes and pieces of plywood in areas where they suspected the lizards might live , then went back to see if the critters took up residence underneath . And this was no quick study . The specimens were collected over a 14-year period , the researchers said . In fact , the researchers reported that all of the species were actually in collections and stored in alcohol . The alcohol , however , removed coloring so scientists had to do genetic testing to confirm that those specimens were part of the previously unidentified species . ` Chewbacca bat , ' other bizarre species found The four new species bring to five the number of known legless lizard species in California . The previously identified common legless lizard of Northern California looks like the A. stebbinsi , and the two can only be distinguished by genetic testing , the researchers said . There are more than 200 species of legless lizards worldwide , they said . Rocket frog takes a flying leap And you must be wondering how to tell a legless lizard from a snake . According to the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County , the easiest way to tell the difference is to look them in the eyes . If they blink , they 're lizards . If not , they 're snakes . That 's because lizards have eyelids and snakes do n't . New monkey discovered	One species lives in dunes near Los Angeles International Airport Another found in vacant lot in Bakersfield , California Legless lizards live in ground , do n't move very far Amphibian expert : "  There is a lot of undocumented biodiversity within California "
CNN  Looking for a spa break ? In the past , the world 's chill-seekers might have ventured to Thailand or India to get their massage fix . In the future , they 're more apt to be Africa-bound . A new report in the Global Spa and Wellness Monitor puts Sub-Saharan Africa as the world 's fastest growing region for wellness tourism . The number of spas has tripled since 2007 , and spa revenue has leaped 184 % . The number of those lured to the continent for a little R&R has also soared . 2013 saw 4.2 million wellness tourists -- a 90 % increase from 2012 . As a testament to this growth , this year 's annual Global Spa and Wellness Summit took place in Morocco -- the first time the event was held on African soil . "  Africa is seen as the final frontier . It 's virgin territory , " says Magatte Wade , the Senegal-born founder and CEO of beauty brand Tiossan , and a keynote speaker at the summit . She attributes the continent 's spike in spas not only to the increase of international travelers , but to the growth of the consumer class within Africa . "  The middle class is growing , there are more African billionaires right now , and then you have people like me , who 've had the opportunity to live all over the world and have money to spend , and want to go back home and have the same top-of-the-line service you have in New York or Tokyo , " she says . The wellness trend has also started to leak into Africa 's safari industry , according to Henry Hallward , founder of both the Good Safari Guide and the Safari Awards , and former chairman of the African Tourism and Travel Association . Hallward estimates there are 9,000 safari lodge operators today , up from approximately 400 in 1995 . Pampering , he admits , has also become a stronger focus . "  Almost every safari lodge that I 'm aware of has added into its suite of services either massage , or else an entire spa branded by product suppliers , " he says . A geographical shift Even countries that were once eschewed due to political concerns are set to emerge as wellness hotspots . Hallward says he 's seen growth in markets such as Ethiopia and even the Sudan , "  now that the politics has calmed down . " He is also noticing a shift in the type of safaris on offer . The old formula of trekking the "  Big Five " in the Masai Mara from the comfort of a jeep is outdated . Instead , safaris are becoming more active , and different countries are starting to specialize in niche versions . "  Botswana has become the center for safaris on horseback , while Malawi and Zambia are emerging for the underwater wildlife experience , " he says . Wade too is also noticing growth in regions that were once considered off-limits . "  Angola is getting up there , and Rwanda is starting to pay attention . It 's still in its infancy there , but it will grow fast , " she says . A taste of the continent Wade says there is an incredible opportunity for new properties to embrace the numerous healing traditions and natural ingredients indigenous in the continent . Her product line , which boasts Senegalese black seed oil , is one of the few to do so , but Wade is hoping it 's a trend that will spread . "  There are 54 countries in Africa , and each of these has dozens upon dozens of different healing rituals . There is a richness and diversity that we need to tap into , " she says . So far only a handful of brands have taken a similar track -- such as the South African spa brand Healing Earth , which incorporates local ingredients like Kalahari melon or mongongo nut . Wade worries about the implications if more do n't follow suit : "  If we 're not careful , the wellness industry will come and put a blanket over what we already have . They 'll bring the Asian - and European-inspired traditions they already know , and what we 've had for thousands of years will be lost , " she warns .	Africa has a multitude of healing traditions and ingredients The spa industry in Africa is soaring . It 's the fastest growing market for wellness tourism There is opportunity for beauty brands and resorts to showcase these traditions to the world
CNN  -- French scientist Francoise Barre-Sinoussi almost did n't get the chance to make one of the greatest medical discoveries of the 20th century . She shared the 2008 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with her colleague Luc Montagnier for identifying HIV , the virus that causes AIDS , a plague that has killed about 35 million people since the 1980s . "  Never before has science and medicine been so quick to discover , identify the origin and provide treatment for a new disease entity , " according to the Nobel committee . Because of their discovery , scientists quickly developed a test for the virus . Their discovery also led to the development of drugs that dramatically increased the life expectancy of HIV-positive patients . But had Barre-Sinoussi listened to one leader at the lab where she would eventually find fame , she may never have been a scientist at all . Natural aptitude Barre-Sinoussi has loved science since she was a girl . But coming from a family of modest means , she decided to forgo a more expensive medical school to take the research route at the Faculty of Sciences at the University of Paris . But she says she ended up spending little time in class . "  This is not the advice I would give young people . University is important , " she warns . But she had another interest : She had fallen in love with lab work . About two years into her studies , she grew tired of the theoretical . She wanted to test her mettle in a lab . "  It just was not done at the time , but I wanted to try , " she says . After dozens of rejections , she reached the famous virologist Jean-Claude Chermann at the Pasteur Institute . He made her an unusual offer . "  He said , ` OK , if you want to be a volunteer here part time , that would be fine with me , ' " she recalls . She loved it immediately . "  Suddenly , I understood that 's what I really wanted to do . " Her research then focused on the same family of viruses as HIV . She worked to find a connection between retroviruses , cancer and leukemia in animals . Friends shared their class notes so she could study late nights and weekends while spending full days at the lab . Incredibly , she passed her exams with top marks . She stayed at Pasteur and earned her doctorate . At the end of her Ph.D. program in the late '70s , she made an appointment with another head of the institute . She wanted to know if she could continue working there . She remembers the indignant tone of the man 's response . "  He said , ` You are expecting to have a position at Pasteur ? ' I said , ` That is one of my dreams . ' And he said , ' A woman in science , they never do anything . They are only good at caring for the home and babies . Forget this dream . ' " Instead , that conversation left her more determined to succeed . She went to do post-doctoral work at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda , Maryland . About a year later , she won a large grant , which meant a return to Pasteur . She returned to Montagnier 's unit ; his lab was one of the few still examining the connection between retroviruses and cancer . It was her dream job , and she 's been doing it ever since , eventually becoming the head of the Virology of Retroviruses Unit in 1992 . Nearly a decade earlier she performed the experiment that would change her life . The year that everything changed A clinician named Willy Rozenbaum delivered a lunchtime lecture at the hospital at Pasteur . He talked about a new mysterious disease that seemed to be rapidly killing his patients . Many were young gay men who should have been at their healthiest . At the end of the lecture , he asked , "  Does anyone here deal with retroviruses ? " No one responded , said Barre-Sinoussi , who was n't at the lecture . Rozenbaum went back to his clinic and complained to a friend that no one at Pasteur could help . His friend corrected him , telling him about the work of Montagnier and Barre-Sinoussi . In December 1982 , he met with their team and told them about the disease . Barre-Sinoussi says she and Montagnier had never heard of it then , but they agreed to do some research . Everything they could observe in the clinic told doctors that the virus was attacking patients ' immune cells , leaving them vulnerable to rare cancers and pneumonia . But there was a problem . As the disease progressed , it was hard to find enough CD4 lymphocytes , or T cells , to use in the lab tests . It made isolating the virus extremely difficult . The following month , a patient agreed to let the researchers do a lymph node biopsy . Barre-Sinoussi tested the sample every two days for activity . The first week there was nothing , but in the second , there was weak enzymatic activity . It started to increase quickly but just as suddenly dropped . The T lymphocytes in the culture started dying . "  That was a really worrying day , " Barre-Sinoussi says . She changed out all the reagent chemicals they were using , but that did n't stop the T cells from dying . The team was n't able to see the virus ; it was getting away . "  So we knew it had to be something else , " Barre-Sinoussi says . "  We ran across the street to the blood bank and asked if we could get samples for our experiment . We knew it was urgent . " She added lymphocytes from the blood donation , and it worked . The virus was still there . The researchers knew because it started to infect the new lymphocytes from the blood donation and there was enough that a colleague was able to take the first actual image of the virus . The team named it lymphadenopathy-associated virus -- the name human immunodeficiency virus , or HIV , came later . The finding changed everything . "  I called my good friend in the United States , my former boss , and I told him what I thought we had and he joked with me and said , ` Throw it all away , ' " Barre-Sinoussi remembers . " ` This discovery will change your life forever . ' " And it did . Barre-Sinoussi and Montagnier quickly put a paper together about the results . It ran in the May 1983 issue of Science . She presented her findings at an international conference and was invited to talk about her results at the National Institutes of Health and the CDC . "  So many people ask me if we were excited about the discovery , but so many young people were dying , " Barre-Sinoussi says . Hospitals were too afraid to accept patients because they did n't know how the virus spread . She recalls seeing young men in Paris with telltale signs of the illness . Others , including the actor Rock Hudson , heard about the lab 's discovery of HIV and came to Pasteur . Some of them , she says , had only a suitcase and often no money . "  They just wanted to be close to the place that made the discovery , " she says . "  We knew we had to work to do , and it was urgent . " At the same time , an American lab claimed to have discovered the virus . A large legal battle and diplomatic fight raged for years . Ultimately , after French and American heads of state intervened , in 1987 they were all named co-discoverers and split the royalties from the blood test . The Americans , however , did not win the Nobel Prize . In 2008 , when the Nobel Prize winners were about to be announced , the Nobel committee could n't find Barre-Sinoussi to tell her . She had been working with doctors in Cambodia . Ever since she co-discovered the virus , she had traveled the world to try and help health professionals understand HIV better . She says the Nobel committee called her lab and her home without luck . A reporter tracked her down first . "  When I picked up my mobile , she said , ` Francoise , have you heard ? ' and then she started to cry , " Barre-Sinoussi says . "  I thought something tragic had happened . I had already lost my husband that year and thought someone else must have died . " These were tears of happiness , the journalist said , delivering the Nobel news . Barre-Sinoussi says she could n't believe it . "  It was like a dream , " she says . No resting on her laurels Some people might retire after such an honor but not Barre-Sinoussi . She has used her fame to open more doors . She is president of the International AIDS Society and continues working with clinicians , patients and activists -- particularly those from the gay community and those who try to help people in the developing world -- as they fight to eliminate the stigma of the disease and get patients the care they need . "  This is a good thing of the Nobel Prize -- it is easier for me to get an appointment with the first lady or the president of the country , " Barre-Sinoussi says . "  It gives me the opportunity to try to be the voice for others . This is something that for me seems to be my responsibility , my duty . " She says she has high hopes for a vaccine , noting that recent developments show some promise . "  A total cure -- the total eradication of the virus will be extremely difficult if not impossible , " she says . "  Although in my language we say ` impossible ' is not French , so I can not say impossible . " The attention her discovery has brought Barre-Sinoussi has changed everything , just like her friend warned , she says . It even won over the man who told her at the start of her career that a life in science would be impossible for a woman . He contacted her many years after the HIV discovery . "  He called me to congratulate me and said how impressed he was , " she says . "  After a while of him saying these positive things , I finally interrupted him and said , ` You mean , because a woman can actually do something in science ? ' "  Of course , he did not understand . He did not remember saying anything . I told him what he said . He could n't believe it . He said he felt so bad . ` But you did , ' I told him . ` You did . ' And I 'm so glad I did not listen . "	Francoise Barre-Sinoussi co-discovered HIV , the virus that causes AIDS Barre-Sinoussi shared the Nobel Prize for her work in 2008 A male colleague once told her that women in science "  never do anything "
CNN  -- Sweden 's culture minister was feeling the heat Wednesday after a weekend art exhibit in which she cut up a cake baked into the shape of a cartoonishly stereotyped African woman . A group representing Swedes of African descent has called for Lena Adelsohn Liljeroth to resign over that it called a racist caricature . But Liljeroth defended her participation , saying the cake was designed to "  challenge the traditional image of racism . " "  While the symbolism in the piece is despicable , it is unfortunate and highly regrettable that the presentation has been interpreted as an expression of racism by some , " Liljeroth said in a statement issued by her office . "  The artistic intent was the exact opposite . " The artist who designed the cake , Makode Linde , is of African descent himself and said the piece was aimed at condemning the practice of female genital mutilation . Pictures from the Sunday exhibition showed Liljeroth slicing into the cake from the "  genitals " and feeding it to Linde , who told CNN he made himself the head of the figure and screamed in pain when it was cut . "  I did n't intend for anyone to feel singled out or embarrassed , " he said . "  But we 're talking about female genital mutilation -- is there any comfortable or cozy way to talk about it ? " Liljeroth was scheduled to meet with representatives of the National Association for Afro-Swedes , which has demanded she should step down , on Wednesday evening . The group said it hoped to ensure "  that similar events do n't happen again . " "  To participate at a racist manifestation portrayed as art is definitely crossing the line , " Kitimbwa Sabuni , the group 's spokesman , said in a written statement . He said the minister 's appearance shows she either supported what the group called a racist event "  or that she has an extremely bad sense of questions of racism . " "  No matter what , the Afro-Swedes no longer have confidence for her as culture minister and demand that she assumes her responsibility and resigns , " Sabuni said . The event took place at Stockholm 's Museum of Modern Art , which was marking World Art Day on Sunday . The museum was closed by a bomb threat Tuesday afternoon , but reopened Wednesday after no explosives were found , spokeswoman Kristin Ek said . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	Sweden 's culture minister cut a cake shaped like an African woman at a weekend exhibit A group representing African Swedes has called for her resignation The minister says the cake was designed as a statement against racism
CNN  -- A Florida mother shot her four children early Tuesday morning before turning the gun on herself at her home in Port St. John , police said . A neighbor heard shots at 4:50 a.m. and then responded to a knock at the door to find three of the children , police said . The three children went to the neighbor 's house to say their mother had shot them , Brevard County Sheriff 's Office Lt. Tod Goodyear said , according to CNN affiliate WKMG . The mother , Tonya Thomas , 33 , then called them back home , Brevard County Sheriff 's Office Lt. Tod Goodyear told reporters . The mother then shot them again , killing them , Goodyear said , according to WKMG . "  I 'm a father and I 've got kids . I can not comprehend a person doing that to their child -- calling them back to the slaughter , " Goodyear said , according to WKMG . Responding deputies arrived at the house and heard shots . They discovered Thomas ' eldest daughter , Pebbles Johnson , 17 , wounded in the front yard . They drove a patrol car onto the lawn in an attempt to rescue her . Johnson was rushed to a hospital but died from her wounds , Goodyear said . The other children -- Joel Johnson , 12 , Jazlin Johnson , 13 , and Jaxs Johnson ,15 -- were all dead , as was Thomas . No suicide note was found in the home , but Goodyear said a witness told police he received a text from Thomas about 3 a.m. that said she wanted to be cremated with the children . "  Unfortunately he did not see that text or read it on his phone until he woke up this morning ... well after the incident occurred , " Goodyear said . The children 's father does not live with the family and Goodyear said he was distraught . Goodyear said police do not have a motive . He said authorities have received previous calls from Thomas ' home pertaining to domestic violence . Goodyear said he was having a hard time trying to understand how a mother could commit such a grisly act . He said she remained very calm when she called the children back to their house . "  I can not comprehend as a parent doing this to their children ... calling them back in and shooting them , " he said . He said authorities have not yet determined the owner of the gun but they believe Thomas was the killer . "  Everything points to it being her . "	NEW : Tonya Thomas called three of her wounded children home and shot them again , killing them In all , Thomas killed her four children before shooting herself , police say Children 's father does n't live with the family ; police say he 's distraught Authorities received calls about past incidents at the home , including a "  domestic incident "
CNN  -- Juventus took a giant step towards the quarterfinals of the European Champions League following a crushing 3-0 win over Celtic . Alesandro Matri 's early strike and further goals from Claudio Marchisio and Mirko Vucinic completed a perfect night 's work for the Italian champions . There was also success for Paris Saint-Germain , which claimed a 2-1 away win at Valencia , although it must do without star striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic in the second leg after he was shown a straight red card . Ezequiel Lavezzi and Javier Pastore had given the French club a two goal lead at the break , but Adil Rami 's late strike and Ibrahimovic 's dismissal means its all to play for in the French capital in three weeks time . Lisbon Lions While PSG might still have to sweat , no such problems are expected for Serie A leaders and two-time European Cup winners Juventus . Dressed in all black and surrounded by the cauldron of Celtic Park , Juventus headed out to face one of the most intimidating atmospheres in European football . With the majority of the 57,917 crowd clad in green and white bellowing out their support for the Scottish champion , it was clear that this night was something special . Back in the knockout phase for the first time in five years , Celtic was dreaming of the glory days when it ruled the continent following its legendary cup final win of 1967 . The victory over the might of Inter Milan in Lisbon , led to the team , which was to become known as the ` Lisbon Lions ' , becoming the first non-Latin side to win the trophy . Managed by the legendary Jock Stein , all of the players were born within a 30 mile radius of Glasgow . On May 24 1967 , Lisbon was overrun with the green and white of Celtic and not that of local club Sporting . Goals from Tommy Gemmel and Stevie Chalmers secured victory over an Inter side which had won three of the four past editions of the competition . "  There is not a prouder man on God 's Earth than me at this moment , " said Stein following the triumph . "  Winning was important , but it was the way that we won that has filled me with satisfaction . "  We did it by playing football ; pure , beautiful , inventive football . There was not a negative thought in our heads . " That night in Lisbon is never far from memory whenever the words ` Europe ' and ` Celtic ' are mentioned in the same breath . They are synonomous . The success of the past generation is a reminder of how Celtic became the first British club to win the competition , a fact which supporters are quick to point out at every opportunity . But while it has dominated domestically in recent years , helped by the downfall of fierce rival Glasgow Rangers , success in Europe has been more difficult to achieve . Real Madrid , Barcelona or Manchester United : Which is the biggest club ? Not since it lost to Porto in the 2003 UEFA Cup final had Celtic hit the European headlines , that was until this year and its shock victory over Barcelona . A 2-1 home win against the La Liga champions helped Neil Lennon 's side qualify for the last-16 and a meeting with Juventus . While the visitor appeared favorite on paper , Celtic 's home form in the Champions League has been nothing short of remarkable . In its 23 matches before welcoming Juventus , Celtic had suffered just two defeats , while winning 15 and drawing six . With the second leg in Turin on March 6 to come , the home side would have hoped to secure a result in a bid to keep the tie alive . The atmosphere suggested a gladiatorial arena , the bloodcurdling noise of Celtic Park rose as the players emerged . This was Celtic 's time . Foreign owners in UK football : The good the bad and the ugly Or perhaps not . Instead , it took Juventus just three minutes to silence one of European football 's most intimidating arenas . On Sunday , Efe Ambrose was celebrating Nigeria 's victory in the final of the Africa Cup of Nations -- but on a freezing February night in Glasgow he was left to rue a horrendous defensive error . It was his mistake which allowed Federico Peluso 's long ball to release Alessandro Matri and the striker fired home , despite Kelvin Wilson trying to clear off the line . The shock and horror was etched across the faces of the Celtic players , but slowly and surely , those emblazoned with the green and white began to show its famous spirit . Kris Commons came agonizingly close to an equalizer when his overhead kick sailed just inches wide of the far post , while Ambrose should have netted with a free header just after the hour mark . That miss was to be severely punished as Juventus wrapped the game up with 13 minutes remaining when Matri released Marchisio , who turned Scott Brown and slotted the ball home . Worse was to come for Celtic with 83 minutes on the clock when Ambrose , who only returned from South Africa on Tuesday morning , gave away possession and Vucinic raced in to score . "  We need a miracle , " Celtic manager Lennon told ITV . "  But it 's the harsh reality of Champions League football and some of my young players will learn a huge lesson tonight . "  I thought for 70-odd minutes , until the second goal , we were by far the better side -- but you ca n't give away goals like we gave away , sloppy . " How Manchester United tried to drown the stars of Real Madrid in 1957 On a day when wrestling was dropped from the Olympics , Lennon was frustrated with the way Juventus ' defenders manhandled his players at set-pieces . Time and time again , defender Stephane Lichtsteiner was grappling with Gary Hooper and Scott Brown inside the penalty area , but nothing was forthcoming from referee Alberto Undiano Mallenco . "  I 'd like to ask the referee , is the game different in Spain or Italy ? " Lennon said . "  Every time one of my players tried to move he was held . He should have given a penalty on at least two occasions . " Big spending masks age of austerity for top soccer clubs While that win all but secures Juventus ' place in the last eight , PSG faces a more difficult proposition following an infuriatingly frustrating second half performance . In front of a watching David Beckham , who is hoping to make his debut within the next few weeks , PSG showed why they should be feared in this year 's competition . Leading 2-0 thanks to goals from Lavezzi and Pastore , Carlo Ancelotti 's men missed several golden opportunities and could have easily scored four or five at the Mestalla . Lavezzi , who has now scored in each of his past three Champions League games , should have had a hat-trick only to miss two simple chances . Beckham to donate PSG wages to children 's charity That wastefulness was punished in the final minute when Rami bundled home from close range to give the home side hope . The tie then took another twist when Ibrahimovic was shown a straight red card for a controversial studs up challenge on Andres Guardado . "  Ibrahimovic did not deserve the red card . I do n't understand the decision , " Ancelotti told French Canal Plus television at full time . "  We played well and had chances to score more goals . It was a good team performance , but this was just the first leg . There is still the return to come . "	Juventus claims 3-0 win at Celtic in first leg of last-16 tie Italian champion now in pole position to qualify for quarterfinal Zlatan Ibrahimovic sent off in Paris Saint-Germain 's 2-1 win at Valencia Ibrahimovic will miss the second leg on March 6
New York  CNN  -- Nearly eight months after Superstorm Sandy devastated low-lying areas , Mayor Michael Bloomberg called Tuesday for a $ 20 billion system of flood walls , levees and other measures to protect vulnerable regions from storms and the effects of climate change . A 400-page report outlines "  250 concrete recommendations for how to confront the risks we face , and build a stronger , more resilient city , " Bloomberg said at a press conference . "  Sandy -- which tragically took the lives of 43 New Yorkers -- made it all too clear that , no matter how far we 've come , we still face real , immediate threats , " said Bloomberg . "  As bad as Sandy was , future storms could be even worse . In fact , because of rising temperatures and sea levels . Even a storm that 's not as large as Sandy could -- down the road -- be even more destructive , " Bloomberg told reporters . While the idea of long-term climate change is a controversial notion politically , it 's accepted as fact by most researchers . The plan includes changes to the city 's construction codes that will raise standards for new construction and infrastructure . Proposed protections include surge barriers and flood walls in Manhattan 's Lower East Side , Chinatown , the Financial District , parts of East Harlem and the Bronx , and Brooklyn 's Redhook . The plan details ways to strengthen coastal defenses , utilities , fuel and food supply , health care , transportation and telecommunications . Analysis will include infrastructure and risks faced due to climate change , according to a city press release . The plan outlines working with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to strengthen dune systems and beaches across Staten Island , South Brooklyn and Queens , including Coney Island and along the Rockaways . "  Why should n't a tidal barrier in Coney Island also be a bridge to a new , protected waterfront park ? " the mayor said . "  Why should n't we integrate our coastal defenses into beautiful waterfront esplanades ? Why ca n't a fortification that protects Lower Manhattan against rising seas -- also be the foundation for a vibrant new neighborhood ? " The price tag of these proposed projects is tentatively $ 20 billion . Bloomberg said money already allocated for Sandy relief provides $ 10 billion . The city could receive at least $ 5 billion more from the federal government and still more from the state . Bloomberg has been mayor since 2002 , and his final term is up at the end of the year . "  The plan is incredibly ambitious -- and much of the work will extend far beyond the next 203 days . But we refused to pass responsibility for creating a plan onto the next administration , " he said . "  This is urgent work -- and it must begin now . "	Mayor wants $ 20 billion to combat storms , climate change Plan calls for more protection , infrastructure improvements "  We still face real , immediate threats , " Bloomberg says
Aleppo , Syria  CNN  -- Journalists often get invited on tours of battle zones during wars , but the one the Syrian government organized for CNN and several other media outlets Wednesday was more than bizarre . We had been told we were going on a trip to the front line in Damascus . Instead , we were driven to an airfield and packed into an old Soviet-made Yakovlev YAK-40 aircraft . It was n't until we were in the air that government officials on the flight finally offered up some information . "  We are going to Aleppo , " one said with a smile . He told reporters that ours would be the first civilian aircraft to land at the city 's international airport since December 2012 , when the airfield was shut because of heavy clashes in the area . We sat still , slightly nervous about the guinea pig role we had been thrust into by the government , as our pilot performed a spectacular combat landing on a foggy day . As the aircraft taxied toward the terminal we finally realized that we were the news of the day . A live transmission vehicle and dozens of reporters were waiting to greet us as Syrian government TV carried the live banner proclaiming "  The reopening of Aleppo Airport and the landing of a commercial flight . " EXCLUSIVE : Gruesome photos could prove torture by Assad regime Mohammed Wahid al Akad , Aleppo 's provincial governor , was on hand to greet us , eager to show us the gains that Syrian forces had made in and around the city -- and also talk about the ongoing negotiations in Switzerland between representatives of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government and various opposition factions . "  What we want from Geneva is to stop foreign money , fighters and weapons coming into Syria . We as Syrians can reconcile with each other , make our own government to rebuild our country , " he said . Three buses picked us up for a tour of areas the military had recently taken back from rebels . Aleppo and its surrounding areas are a key battleground in Syria 's hard-fought , nearly three-year-old civil war . The killings have been far too numerous to count . In December , overwhelmed doctors scurried to help scores of patients amid days of air raids by the government . "  There was a big massacre today , " Dr. Ammar Zakaria told CNN at the time . "  We were treating shrapnel wounds , deep abdominal and brain injuries . I just lost count of the amputations . " For a long time it appeared opposition forces might take full control of Syria 's largest city . But infighting among various rebel groups and a resurgent Syrian army has reversed momentum . The government soldiers we spoke with sounded confident and emboldened by their recent gains . "  Al Qaeda were the worst people to fight against . They are Islamists , they see us as infidels and they want to kill us , " one soldier said . As the buses drove us to the town of Tal Hassil near the airport , people lined the streets , chanting pro-Assad slogans . We were not sure how spontaneous this show of affection really was . We were taken to an aid distribution center before the tour took us to regime-held areas of Aleppo . PHOTOS : Haunting images of Aleppo 's abandoned homes The city has the same remarkable dynamic as many other Syrian cities during the civil war , including Homs and Damascus . As the mortars boom and machine guns crackle during heavy clashes in many parts of town , other neighborhoods seem totally normal , to an almost absurd extent . The United Nations and other international groups accuse Syrian regime forces of using heavy weapons against civilian areas , including barrel bombs -- oil drums filled with explosives that cause massive destruction wherever they are dropped . But in many government-controlled parts of the city , just a few blocks from the fighting , the streets are full of people and the shops are well stocked . There are trendy restaurants and cafÃ © s , even as rebels control almost half of the city . Syrian officials believe that Aleppo could be a model for a ceasefire between regime and rebel forces . But looking over the skyline , it is easy to see just how hard that will be . At a sniper position atop of one of Aleppo 's tallest buildings , soldiers showed us areas under opposition control . Some are held by the moderate Free Syrian Army , or the newly-constituted and moderate Islamic Front . But others are under the control of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  , the al Qaeda-linked group which is battling against other rebel factions in its bid to set up an Islamic caliphate in Syria . Aleppo offered many surprises before we climbed back into our rickety old YAK-40 jet at the end of the day . But it still seems that a ceasefire in the city is a long way off , even if the Geneva negotiations go well . READ MORE : How Syria talks derailed before they started	CNN 's Fred Pleitgen was taken on a surprise trip to Aleppo , one of the war 's flashpoints Syrian government-organized flight was first civilian landing at airport since late 2012 Syrian forces have retaken many areas of country 's largest city from rebels in recent months Much of city remains in rebel hands and a ceasefire anytime soon seems unlikely
"  What , are you insane ? " That seems to be the response I get most from friends and family members when I tell them that I 'd like another child one day . They are typically shocked not because I 'm pregnant with my second child but because they 've watched me suffer through hyperemesis gravidarum during both of my pregnancies . They know that pregnancy for me is never a glowing and magical journey . Rather , it is weekly trips to the emergency room , in-home IVs and nursing care , up to 13 medications with their assorted side effects and , of course , frequent vomiting -- sometimes as many as 20 times a day . Although I normally choose to greet my acquaintances ' surprise with a simple smile and "  We 'll see how I feel about it later , " I decided to speak out after learning that Britain 's Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are expecting their second child . The palace says Catherine is again suffering from hyperemesis gravidarum , as she did during her first pregnancy . It might seem crazy to some that I would have wanted more kids after my first hyperemesis gravidarum battle , but I simply refuse to let it define my family planning . Hyperemesis gravidarum manages to rob its victims of many of the joys of pregnancy . Because you can no longer keep up with your usual obligations , you often have to share with your community that you are pregnant before you 're out of the "  danger zone " of the first trimester , making you vulnerable to having to tell people later if you 've suffered a miscarriage . Since you are so sick , what should be a happy time for you and your family becomes a nightmare , as you are unable to help around the house or spend time with other children or your partner , and are oftentimes unable to work and contribute financially . Hyperemesis gravidarum even managed to take away the joy of feeling my daughter Hannah kick once I realized her movements were setting off the nausea . But what hyperemesis gravidarum ca n't take away is the last 10 years of joy I 've gotten from being Hannah 's mom . The moment Hannah came out , I looked at her tiny face and knew that every second of sickness , every expensive doctor 's bill , every time I 'd felt desperate and depressed and doubted myself as a mother , was worth it . And as soon as Hannah was out , I felt this pang of hunger that I had n't felt in months . I turned to the nurse and asked when I could eat . About 30 minutes later , she brought me a plate of lasagna that I gobbled up and -- more important -- kept down . The hyperemesis gravidarum was finally gone , and the only thing left was my adorable baby , who has grown into one of the strongest little people I know and one of my closest friends . I never once thought about the hyperemesis gravidarum when I watched her take her first steps , perform in her preschool play , sound out her first word , present her first science fair project , compete in her first gymnastics meet or any of the other incredible memories we 've shared . The nine months of sickness I had with her in utero were nothing in comparison to the 10 years I 've enjoyed as her mom . So even on my darkest days during this pregnancy , the ones where I am reduced to a smelly , tearful , nauseated lump on the couch , I 've thought about those moments in Hannah 's life and smiled , knowing that I am going to get to experience all of those again with this daughter come February 1 . I belong to an online community of women who have survived or are currently suffering from hyperemesis gravidarum , sort of a support group and resource community all in one . From time to time , someone will write a post saying they are at their wit 's end , ready to give up , or feel like they are losing their mind . Within minutes , the responses will pour in : photos of recently born babies from hyperemesis gravidarum survivors , descriptions of a new milestone someone 's little one has achieved and even tales from women still suffering with hyperemesis gravidarum of how much better they are feeling that particular week . I love when a few weeks later , the original poster comments on someone else 's post to tell them how they survived those desperate times and found the strength to keep going . Surviving acute pregnancy sickness : My story Although there were some moments where I wanted to give up , hyperemesis gravidarum has made me appreciate my life and my family so much more than I ever could have if I had n't been sick . Perhaps , next time someone asks me if I 've lost my mind , I 'll simply hold up a picture of my daughter and tell them "  absolutely not . "	Hyperemesis gravidarum causes extreme sickness during pregnancy Home nursing care , IVs and medications can help One mother says the joy of having a child is worth it
CNN  -- It 's been billed as an astronomical equivalent of the Large Hadron Collider , offering new insights into the formation of the universe and so powerful that it might even detect alien life . The Square Kilometer Array  SKA  is an international effort to build the world 's largest radio telescope , one which will probe the dark heart of space shedding new light on dark matter , black holes , stars and galaxies . "  It will have a deep impact on the way we perceive our place in the universe and how we understand its history and its future , " says Michiel van Haarlem , interim director general of the SKA project . "  We know we are going to discover things that we have n't already . It 's going to be very exciting , " van Haarlem said . Taking its name from the total size of its collecting area , the SKA telescope will consist of 3,000 dish antennas , each one around 15 meters wide . Construction is slated to begin in 2016 . Collectively the surface area of all the dishes will amount to one square kilometer -- hence the name -- all combining to detect radio waves that penetrate the Earth 's atmosphere , emitted by stars , galaxies and quasars . Two other types of radio receptors -- aperture antennas and array antennas -- will combine with the dishes to provide continuous frequency coverage from 70 MHz to 10 GHz . "  It 's not like an optical telescope where you see an image of the sky directly . What you do is measure signals from the antennas and process them , " van Haarlem says . Around half the antennas will sit in a "  central core region " made up of three separate five-kilometer clusters . The remainder will extend out in five carefully aligned "  spiral arms " stretching out ever more sparsely over an area in excess of 3,000 kilometers  1,864 miles  or more . The configuration , say scientists , will create the most sensitive radio telescope ever built . Currently , that honor is held by the Very Large Array  VLA  in New Mexico , says Alastair Edge , from Durham University -- a leading UK center for astronomical research . "  VLA has  just undergone a very large refit . Telescopes themselves have n't changed but the computing at the back end has changed dramatically , " Edge said . See also : Mapping out a new era in brain research At the moment , we simply do n't have the computing power for the SKA telescope to perform at full tilt , Edge says . Van Haarlem concurs . "  We 're talking about huge computing hardware that still needs to be developed . There 's a big challenge there , " he said . Supercomputers capable of performing billions and billions of operations per second will be required , but the results will be spectacular , van Haarlem says . "  We will have high-resolution images where we will actually peer into the center of what is going on in galaxies , " van Haarlem said . "  We will also have the big picture where we can make surveys of vast areas of the sky to map out the large-scale structure of the universe . " The project is entering a crucial stage with an announcement on where the array will be based expected imminently . Two locations , one in South Africa 's Northern Cape , the other in western Australia , are in the running . Brian Boyle , project director of the Australia/New Zealand bid , extols the virtues of Western Australia 's "  intrinsic radio quietness " and the "  excellent geophysics " of the proposed Australian site . Meanwhile , SKA South Africa project director Bernie Fanaroff says hosting the "  world 's largest science project " would be extremely important to the country and the continent . "  It could carry immense importance for the perception of Africa -- by Africans and by the rest of the world , " Fanaroff said . "  It has already attracted a lot of young people into science and mathematics in South Africa and from other African countries and it 's attracted a lot of top-rate scientists , " he added . Recent reports suggest that South Africa is favorite to host the SKA , but van Haarlem would n't be drawn on the matter . Wherever the location , the effort to build and operate the SKA will be an international one , with 20 countries and 70 institutions already on board , as well as private backers . And whatever the outcome of the bids , it will be a while before the array is up and running with construction slated to start four years from now and full operation not expected until 2024 . The total cost is estimated at â ‚ ¬ 1.5 billion  around $ 2 billion  . But it will be money well spent van Haarlem thinks . "  If it only tells us when the first stars and galaxies formed then it would have already contributed a huge amount to our understanding . " Alastair Edge agrees . "  It is possibly the most complex experiment we could possibly do . It has huge potential for allowing us to determine the distance to every galaxy in our local universe , " Edge said . "  The Large Hadron Collider produces a certain amount of data per hour . This will produce the same amount of data in the space of a couple of minutes . "	The world 's largest radio telescope will uncover secrets of the history and future of the universe Extraterrestrial life may also be detected by Square Kilometer Array telescope 3,000 dishes will be used in an array which will spread over massive area South Africa and Australia bidding to host the project which will start construction in 2016
Cairo  CNN  -- During a historic trip to Egypt , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was greeted by a group of men who hurled shoes at him -- a major insult in the Muslim world . A video posted by the Anadolu news agency shows a smiling Ahmadinejad shaking hands with a crowd of supporters in Cairo late Tuesday when at least one man threw a shoe toward him . Other men also threw shoes at Ahmadinejad , the Egyptian public prosecutor 's office said . "  You killed our brothers ! " one of the assailants shouted , according to Anadolu . The agency said the man 's shoe struck a security guard . The men behind the attack were four Salafis , the prosecutor 's office said . Salafis follow the Sunni Muslim doctrine and oppose the idea of Shiite Muslims engaging in any political activity in Egypt . They have accused Iran of financing Shiites to spread the Shia doctrine in Egypt , which has a Sunni majority . The four men were released on bail for 500 Egyptian pounds  $ 75  each , the prosecutors ' office said . Ahmadinejad 's visit to Egypt is the first by an Iranian president in more than 30 years . He was in Cairo visiting the Grand Sheikh of Al Azhar , Ahmed el-Tayeb . The Al-Ahram news agency said Ahmadinejad also visited the historic Al-Hussein mosque . The mosque was built in 1154 and it is named after the Prophet Mohammed 's grandson , Hussein Ibn Ali . Shiites believe that the Fatimid , Egypt 's Shiite rulers , buried his head there and built the mosque as a shrine for Hussein , the first Shiite martyr , who was killed and beheaded in the battle of Karbala in 680 . Why shoe throwing is ` incredibly offensive ' CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	This is the first visit to Egypt by an Iranian president in more than 30 years Prosecutor 's office : Four men are out on bail after allegedly throwing the shoes Officials say the men are Salafis , who have accused Iran of financing Shiites
Sally Barnes-Breen watched her father die while waiting months just to see a doctor at the dysfunctional Department of Veterans Affairs . Now she says a bill signed into law on Thursday by President Barack Obama does n't hold accountable those responsible for what happened . "  They broke all the medical codes , when you swear on your oath , " she told CNN of the inability of her father , Navy veteran Thomas Breen , to get an appointment . "  Billions of dollars ca n't fix the VA broken system , " she continued . "  What 's going to fix  this  is if you criminalize people when they do wrong . " The $ 16 billion measure does n't criminalize anybody . It provides money to build more VA medical facilities and hire more doctors and nurses . It includes more funds so some veterans can get health care in private facilities . It also makes it easier to fire or otherwise discipline senior VA officials . At the bill-signing at Fort Belvoir in northern Virginia , Obama said the package begins the changes needed to keep the nation 's promise of caring for its military veterans . Obama : ` Inexcusable conduct ' "  Over the last few months , we 've discovered some inexcusable conduct , " he said . "  This is wrong . It 's outrageous . " The law will help the VA system "  keep pace with the demand " caused by veterans returning from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , Obama said . "  This will not and can not be the end of our efforts , " he said , adding that implementing the law "  is going to take time . " Along with the increased hospitals and physicians , the measure will allow veterans in remote or rural areas more than 40 miles from facility and those unable to get care "  in a reasonable amount of time " to see private doctors , Obama noted . Congress approved the package just before going home for its August recess . A CNN investigation that started in November uncovered excessive waits for veterans seeking health care . Subsequent reports revealed secret lists kept by some VA hospitals to hide the waiting periods and other management problems . Dozens of veterans died while waiting for care . The crisis led to the resignation of VA Secretary Eric Shinseki in May as well as congressional investigations . The FBI has also joined an investigation by the VA inspector general 's office . The agency watchdog said Thursday its investigation of wrongdoing such as wait time manipulation had expanded to 92 VA medical facilities across the country . New VA secretary Last week , the Senate confirmed Robert McDonald as the agency 's new secretary . The former business executive has promised to swiftly carry out reforms intended to speed up care for returning soldiers entering the VA system and eliminate bogus record-keeping . Obama noted that the overhaul gives McDonald authority to remove leaders more easily , saying anyone who engaged in unethical practices or covered them up "  should be fired , period . " McDonald , who attended the signing , will begin visiting VA hospitals and clinics around the country starting Friday , beginning in Phoenix , Obama said . Thomas Breen died in November 2013 after being repeatedly denied care at the Phoenix VA medical facility . A month later came a call from the VA saying he had an appointment scheduled . "  I said , ` Really , you 're a little too late , sweetheart , ' " Breen 's daughter recalled earlier this year in a CNN interview . VA misled on a number of deaths	VA Secretary Robert McDonald to visit VA hospitals starting Friday in Phoenix Daughter of veteran who died waiting for care says new bill is not enough It provides money for more hospitals , doctors and nurses President Barack Obama calls the VA misconduct "  inexcusable "
Exmouth , England  CNN  -- "  We are the 99 percent . " This is the one belief all protesters in New York 's Zuccotti Park have in common , according to OccupyWallSt.org . Although they claim to be using Arab Spring tactics , they are actually continuing a practice that emerged in Great Britain and the United States near the end of the 18th century , quickly spread to other countries and is now a truly transnational phenomenon . For centuries , the street had been the stage for the 1 % of society instead . Members of the civic , religious and military elite used public spaces to present themselves and underline their claim of authority and status in elaborate and carefully choreographed processions . Nowadays , the street has primarily become the forum for those who feel excluded from the halls of power , or not properly represented by the existing political institutions . Mass street protest has acquired a degree of political legitimacy that is astonishing , considering that well into the 20th century , the sight of ordinary people acting collectively in public on behalf of their own interest was widely regarded as a prelude to social unrest or even revolution . The French writer Gustave Le Bon gave this widely held view pseudo-scientific credibility in his 1895 book "  The Crowd , " which described the latter as a dangerous and primitive entity which was highly susceptible to manipulation by demagogues . The perception of collective street protest as a public order problem persisted well into the 20th century and only started to change with the arrival of the middle-class based "  New Social Movements " after the Second World War . Until then , even democratic governments frequently felt at license to act with overwhelming force and sometimes great brutality against protesters . The American Civil Rights Movement skillfully exploited this to its advantage in the 1960s , and new doctrines of restrained policing were developed in several countries to deny protesters the status of martyrs . Police crackdowns on orderly protests became rare , although the WTO meeting in Seattle in 1999 marked a shift back to a stronger emphasis on public order , at least in the United States . The events around the blockade of Brooklyn Bridge on October 1st show the dangers of this approach . Although the police framed their actions as a measure to keep the traffic flowing -- an argument that authorities around the world have used since the late 19th century to regulate protest marches -- and did not arrest those who walked on the sidewalks , the detention of more than 700 people appeared heavy-handed . The incident , together with a police officer using pepper spray against female protesters , turned the largely ignored campaign into a media story . Gaining exposure and media coverage is an important aim of all street protest . It not only provides opportunities to present political demands but also to showcase the movement behind the protest . Already the Labour Movement , whose 19th century demonstrations provided the template for all subsequent demonstrations , used them to present the public with an image of the working class in action . The choreography of the march with its orderly columns , the way the marchers dressed and the banners they carried with them represented the Labour Movement 's intention as well as ability to create an alternative order of society . The route of the column usually led them through the territory of their opponents or to the centers of political power , thereby laying claim to both of them . Subsequent movements such as the suffragettes or the unemployed often followed the same pattern . The protesters in New York continue this tradition . By having a leaderless structure and holding general assemblies every day , they further underline their opposition to the hierarchical undemocratic world of Wall Street and publicly perform the alternative model of society they are propagating . Occupying Zuccotti Park and referring to it by its former name , Liberty Plaza Park , makes the same point . At least as important as the chance to gain access to the media is the effect such protests have on supporters and sympathizers . Collective action and confrontations with the police foster the internal cohesion of movements . Small successes , such as circumventing the ban on megaphones by collectively repeating the words of each public speaker , provide a sense of empowerment and create a positive public image . Support from celebrities or academics such as Joseph Stiglitz give further encouragement . Taken together , such successes can have a mobilizing effect as the start of demonstrations and occupations in other U.S. cities shows . In the light of the relatively small number of people involved and the apparent scarcity of resources the movement controls , these are considerable achievements . Unlike the protest in Tahrir Square in Cairo , the protest in New York will not start a revolution . But it has started a public debate and forced the media in the United States and abroad to report on the event . Because of that , whether the protesters will eventually be able to occupy Wall Street is of no real significance . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Matthias Reiss .	Matthias Reiss : Occupy Wall Streeters say they are the 99 % , as opposed to the wealthy Reiss : Protest is part of tradition started in 18th century to take streets away from elites Harsh police tactics softened as Civil Rights movement made martyrs of victims , he says Reiss says movement has spread , started a public debate and forced media to report on it
CNN  -- Jeff Kohnstamm had a bit of an unusual childhood . He grew up in a virtual museum . Even now when he wanders around the lobby at Oregon 's iconic Timberline Lodge , Kohnstamm , 47 , sometimes flashes back to being a kid on a tricycle , winding his way around original furniture designed by Depression-era artisans . For Kohnstamm , whose family has operated the federally owned property for a half century , the Mount Hood ski lodge has become a living scrapbook of his life . From birth until college he divided his days between school in neighboring Portland and Timberline -- with its rustic stone masonry , massive wooden beams , paintings , wood marquetry , custom wrought iron accoutrements and linoleum murals . "  There are museum aspects of this place , and I suppose the government could say , ` let 's make it into a museum and have ropes and glass and charge admission , ' but we 'd rather it be a ski lodge than a museum . " Since its birth in the late 1930s as a New Deal project to create hundreds of jobs for Portland workers , craftsmen and artisans , Timberline has dug out its own place in American culture . But it also bills itself as America 's only year-round ski area . ` Heeeeere 's Johnny ! ' And , if the photos strike you as familiar , it may be because Timberline has built a respectable resume as a location for films such as "  Bend of the River , " starring Jimmy Stewart , "  All the Young Men , " starring Sydney Poitier and the horror classic "  The Shining " with Jack Nicholson . In a way , you could say the Timberline played the starring role in that 1980 film . The lodge stood as the haunted Overlook Hotel , but only in exterior shots . All interior scenes were shot elsewhere , said Kohnstamm , who helped the film crew during the shoot . "  I did some work outside for the crew 's helicopter shots , " he said . "  We 'd have to make sure that the place looked desolate and that no one was around . I remember hiding in the trees so they could get the shots . " Growing up at the lodge for Kohnstamm meant making fast friends with children of guests who vacationed there every year . It was the place where he enjoyed his first legal beer on his 21st birthday -- in the lodge 's Ram 's Head Bar with its breathtaking view of the Cascade Mountains . The site for hundreds of guests ' weddings over the years , Timberline was where Kohnstamm 's own younger brother chose to tie the knot . It was where his late father announced the Christmas Eve arrival of Santa and a pair of authentic reindeer for guests ' wide-eyed children . "  I still kinda think it was really Santa Claus , " he laughs . "  Why not ? " Night skiing But as one might expect , so much about growing up at Timberline revolved around skiing . Kohnstamm learned to ski at age 3 . Later , he says , to get them away from the TV , "  my mom would make us go out and ski for at least an hour before we could watch football . " "  At one point during adolescence we convinced Dad that it would be a good idea to ski all night long on New Year 's , " he said . "  It got kind of crazy for a while there . We had all these people skiing and sleeping and whatever all over the place . " Now listed on the National Register of Historic Places , Timberline came uncomfortably close to being destroyed before Kohnstamm 's father began operating it in 1955 . Four previous operators had n't had much success running the lodge , and in 1953 , the U.S. Forest Service thought of Timberline as more of a headache than anything else , Kohnstamm said . Options at the time included either burning it or dismantling it until Kohnstamm 's father , R.L. Kohnstamm , entered the picture . The family 's permit to operate Timberline expires in 2038 . ` You 've really got something big here ' Local snowboarding entrepreneur John Ingersoll remembers R.L. Kohnstamm , who passed away in 2006 , as a visionary . Ingersoll founded High Cascade Snowboard Camp in 1989 , when most U.S. ski areas were shunning the relatively new sport . "  It was one of those memories that you 'll never forget , " Ingersoll said , remembering a day on a snowfield in the early 90s . "  R.L. stopped me and he looked me in the eye and made sure that I got it . He said snowboarding was going to be really big . ` You 've really got something here , John , ' he told me . " Today , Ingersoll says Mount Hood 's snowboarding camps gross millions of dollars each year . Last summer High Cascade 's 22-foot halfpipe hosted several U.S. Olympic team members , including 2010 gold medallist Shaun White . Although White stayed at Timberline during his visit last summer , many guests come with no intention of boarding or skiing or hiking , said Sarah Munro , author of "  Timberline Lodge : The History , Art , and Craft of an American Icon . " "  The artwork has made Timberline its own destination apart from the mountain , " she said . "  It retains the feel of the 1930s -- that early period of auto-recreation and being in hotels with big lobbies when all the guests came together at dinner . It 's sort of a living museum . " Strolling around the lodge offers guests one surprise after another : wooden stair post newels carved in the shape of bears , owls and other animals ; wrought iron fireplace andirons forged from train rails ; lamps , iron-fashioned door handles and specially designed seat cushions . The main lounge is dominated by an amazing three-story stone chimney with six fireplaces . "  Much of the building 's massive beams are held together with unique joints and big wooden pins that lock the things together , " said Gary Larsen , the U.S. Forest Service administrator . "  I 've always enjoyed that and the interaction between the black wrought iron and the natural wood . " Old stimulus , new stimulus Ironically , the New Deal project which cost about $ 1 million in 1937 is benefiting from $ 4.25 million in 2009 federal stimulus . Adjusted for inflation , $ 1 million in 1937 equals more than $ 15 million now , according to federal calculations . $ 4.25 million now , equals about $ 282,000 in 1937 . The new stimulus funds are earmarked for painting , replacement of a water main and improvements for disabled guests , Kohnstamm said . It 's unclear how many jobs will be created by the stimulus funds , but Kohnstamm guesses about a hundred jobs and ten different projects . "  The building is old and it faces huge environmental pressures being at that elevation in that kind of weather , " said Jeff Jaqua , Timberline 's newly retired archeologist with the U.S. Forest Service . "  Things like electrical wiring , plumbing , water lines , sewer lines -- unseen components of the lodge -- really need a lot of attention , ' Jaqua said . "  The Forest Service is trying to address that . " Jaqua , Larsen , Munro , Ingersoll and Kohnstamm have written about their love for the hotel in an upcoming book "  Timberline Lodge : A Love Story -- Diamond Jubilee Edition , " due out this fall . It was n't until Jaqua began caring for Timberline 's treasures 20 years ago that he really began to understand the bond that many guests form during their visits . "  Everybody owns it , " he said . "  That was the big surprise to me . I did n't expect the general public to be so in love with it . "	Oregon 's Timberline ski lodge , setting for "  The Shining , " showcases Depression-era art Jeff Kohnstamm describes growing up among paintings , carvings , amazing architecture Mount Hood embraced snowboarding early ; Shaun White , Hannah Teter train there U.S. built it for $ 1 million in 1930s ; it 's getting $ 4.25 million in '09 stimulus funds
The Polish prime minister on Wednesday reacted strongly to what the White House said was a mistake by President Barack Obama during a Medal of Freedom ceremony . The trouble came Tuesday when Obama paid tribute to Jan Karski , the former Polish officer who escaped Nazi imprisonment in World War II and provided firsthand accounts to the Western Allies of atrocities . Karski received the award posthumously . "  Before one trip across enemy lines , resistance fighters told him that Jews were being murdered on a massive scale , and smuggled him into the Warsaw Ghetto and a Polish death camp to see for himself . Jan took that information to President Franklin Roosevelt , giving one of the first accounts of the Holocaust and imploring to the world to take action , " Obama said . The president 's use of the term "  Polish death camp , " rather than Nazi death camp sparked outrage in Poland . Obama 's words "  touched all Poles , " Prime Minister Donald Tusk said in a statement . "  We always react in the same way when ignorance , lack of knowledge , bad intentions lead to such a distortion of history , so painful for us here in Poland , in a country which suffered like no other in Europe during World War II . "  We can not accept such words even if they are spoken by the leader of a friendly power -- or perhaps especially in such situations -- since we expect diligence , care and respect from our friend on issues of such importance as World War II remembrance . " The White House issued a statement from National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor on the president 's wrong word choice . "  The president misspoke -- he was referring to Nazi death camps in Poland , " the statement said . "  We regret this misstatement , which should not detract from the clear intention to honor Mr. Karski and those brave citizens who stood on the side of human dignity in the face of tyranny . " White House spokesman Jay Carney echoed that message in comments to reporters Wednesday . "  On several occasions -- including his visit last year to the Warsaw Ghetto memorial , his remarks at the Holocaust Museum just last month and his video message at the 65th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz -- President Obama has paid tribute to the terrible loss of innocent Poles in Nazi death camps during the Holocaust . "  Again , we regret the misstatement , but that 's what it was . " Polish Foreign Minister Radek Sikorski tweeted Tuesday night : "  White House apologizes for outrageous blunder . PM Tusk will take his position in the morning . It 's a shame that this important ceremony was overshadowed by ignorance and incompetence . " Tusk said Wednesday the incident could pose an opportunity for the United States "  to support Poland in its efforts towards historical truth , towards the correct phrasings , the right assessment of what happened during World War II on Polish territory and throughout Europe . ... When someone says ` Polish death camps , ' it is as if there were no Nazis , no German responsibility , as if there was no Hitler -- that is why our Polish sensitivity in these situations is so much more than just simply a feeling of national pride . " Tusk said he is convinced that "  our American friends are capable of a stronger reaction ... than just the correction itself and the regret which we heard from the White House spokesperson . "  We take note of these words , but it seems that it would be even more important for the United States than for Poland to end this with class . This is how one acts with regard to tried-and-tested friends , but this is also how one acts in your own , well-defined interest . " Obama has spoken of the bravery of Poles during World War II in past speeches . Last year , he visited the Warsaw Ghetto Memorial honoring those who perished in the Holocaust . According to the website of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington DC , at least 1.5 million Polish citizens were sent into forced labor in German territory between 1939 and 1945 . "  Hundreds of thousands were also imprisoned in Nazi concentration camps , " it says in its Holocaust Encyclopedia . "  It is estimated that the Germans killed at least 1.9 million non-Jewish Polish civilians during World War II . In addition , the Germans murdered at least 3 million Jewish citizens of Poland . "	Obama spokesman : "  We regret the misstatement , but that 's what it was " Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk says , "  We can not accept such words " Obama made the comment as he honored a Medal of Freedom recipient At least 3 million Jewish and 1.9 million non-Jewish citizens died in Poland , a museum says
Bill and Giuliana Rancic have revealed their fertility struggles continue . The pair told People magazine that their surrogate recently suffered a miscarriage . The couple have a toddler son , Duke , who was born via surrogate in 2012 . Bill Rancic said this past season of their E! reality show , "  Giuliana and Bill , " has been about their attempt to have another baby . "  Unfortunately our surrogate , Delphine , who we love very much , had a miscarriage , " he said . "  It 's something that we did n't see coming . We were devastated . " Giuliana Rancic , who is a host on E! , tried in-vitro treatments to get pregnant and in 2011 announced that she had breast cancer . She underwent a double mastectomy . Her husband said they will continue to try to grow their family with the help of the surrogate . "  We 're fighters , " he said . "  Hopefully we 're going to have good news and Delphine will be on board one more time . We 've had to battle it out and that 's something that we 're going to continue to do . "	Couple 's son was being carried via surrogate The surrogate recently miscarried Rancic says they will keep trying
CNN  -- Sen. John McCain called Monday for the United States to lead an international effort to protect the Syrian population by carrying out piloted airstrikes on Syrian government forces . "  Providing military assistance to the Free Syrian Army and other opposition groups is necessary , but at this late hour , that alone will not be sufficient to stop the slaughter and save innocent lives , " the Arizona Republican said in an impassioned speech in the U.S. Senate . "  The only realistic way to do so is with foreign air power . " The goal , added the ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee , should be to establish and defend safe havens , primarily in northern Syria , where opposition forces could organize their efforts . "  These safe havens could also help the Free Syrian Army and other armed groups in Syria to train and organize themselves into more cohesive and effective military forces , likely with the assistance of foreign partners , " he said . McCain , a Vietnam War veteran , said that any such effort would require taking out Syria 's air-defense systems . "  We 're the only ones who can do that , " he said . But he predicted that some kind of intervention will happen , even if the United States does not act . "  So the real question for U.S. policy is whether we will participate in this next phase of the conflict in Syria , and thereby increase our ability to shape an outcome that is beneficial to the Syrian people , and to us . I believe we must . " McCain 's remarks came as opposition activists said another 26 people died Monday in the nationwide campaign by Bashar al-Assad 's regime to crush the nearly year-old protests against his rule . The United Nations says at least 7,500 people have died in the crackdown , while opposition activists put the toll at more than 9,000 . McCain said that any effort must include other nations . "  We should seek the active involvement of key Arab partners , " such as the United Arab Emirates , Saudi Arabia , Jordan , Qatar "  and willing allies " in the European Union , NATO and Turkey , he said . McCain acknowledged that his proposal is a risky one , that the opposition lacks cohesion and that the American public has wearied of war , but said that should not dissuade U.S. officials from moving forward . "  There are no ideal options in Syria , " he said . "  We need to deal with reality as it is , not as we wish it to be . " He added , "  The Syrian people deserve to succeed . Shame on us if we fail to help them . " Defense Secretary Leon Panetta was noncommittal . "  The secretary is interested in exploring options that could help end the brutal violence in Syria , but he also recognizes that this is an extremely complex crisis , " a senior Pentagon official said . "  Intervention at this time could very well exacerbate problems inside the country . " McCain 's call to arms came as diplomatic efforts were moving . After days of trying to obtain permission from Syrian authorities to travel to the country , Valerie Amos , U.N. under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs and emergency relief coordinator , will arrive Wednesday in Damascus , she said . Syria decided to permit the two-day planned visit . "  As requested by the secretary-general  Ban Ki-moon  , my aim is to urge all parties to allow unhindered access for humanitarian relief workers so that they can evacuate the wounded and deliver essential supplies , " Amos said in a statement . Syria said Amos will arrive Tuesday evening . She will meet with Foreign MInister Walid al-Moallem and "  will pay visits to some areas in Syria , " state-run news agency SANA reported . Amos was denied access last week by the government , which said it was not a "  suitable time " to visit , Syrian state-run TV reported . Kofi Annan , the former U.N. secretary-general who is now special joint envoy to Syria for the United Nations and the Arab League , will fly Saturday to Damascus , an Arab League official said . He will be accompanied by his deputy , former Palestinian Foreign Minister Nasser al-Kidwa . Their goal will be to persuade President Bashar al-Assad to stop the killing , the official said . SANA reported that Syria "  welcomes the visit of Kofi Annan , envoy of the U.N. secretary-general . " The announcement came as government troops broadened their lethal focus from the western city of Rastan , which was pummeled over the weekend , opposition activists said . Complicating the matter is the assertion by several Obama administration officials that the United States sees increasing involvement by and military aid from Iran in the attacks against opposition to the Syrian regime . They say they believe Iran wants to do whatever it can to ensure the survival of the regime of al-Assad , one of Tehran 's closest allies . "  The aid from Iran is absolutely on the rise and is of very real concern , " a U.S. official told CNN . "  Tehran has supplied equipment , weapons and technical assistance -- notably computer monitoring tools -- to help suppress unrest . " Iranian officials have traveled to Damascus to deliver the aid , the official said . A second U.S. official told CNN the assistance includes money and training , as well as weapons and riot gear . Neither of the officials would be identified due to the sensitive nature of the intelligence information . Syria 's military has been reduced only slightly by defections to the opposition , U.S. officials say . The latest U.S assessment is that as many as 10,000 Syrian troops may have defected , but that represents fewer than 2 % of Syria 's more than 600,000-man active-duty and reserve force . The news of diplomatic movement came as the body count continued to mount . At least 19 people were killed on Monday , including two children , according to Local Coordinating Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists . Most of the dead were in Homs , where 11 people were killed , the LCC said . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said families forced to flee during the month-long siege of the city were returning home "  after authorities restored stability and security " to the neighborhood of Baba Amr , the heart of the uprising . It said security forces had seized a factory for makeshift explosives and rockets , as well as tunnels "  used by the terrorists to smuggle weapons . " Residents of the devastated neighborhood endured another day with scarce or no access to running water , electricity and medical supplies , as the humanitarian toll of the nearly year-old Syrian conflict escalates . Carla Haddad Mardini , spokeswoman for the International Committee of the Red Cross , said Monday that aid workers still were not allowed to enter Baba Amr . Mardini said the ICRC and the Syrian Red Crescent were delivering food and hygiene kits in two neighborhoods adjacent to Baba Amr -- al-Tawzee and al-Inshaat . "  We were supposed to be there yesterday but we were not allowed , " Mardini said . "  A convoy of aid materials arrived today to Homs from Damascus and it contains food supplies to cover the needs of several thousand people . " Another two were killed in Idlib , two more in Daraa and two in the suburbs of Damascus , with one death each in Aleppo and Hama , another flashpoint in the ongoing struggle , the LCC said . CNN can not independently confirm reports across Syria because the government has severely restricted the access of international journalists . But the vast majority of reports out of Syria indicate al-Assad 's forces are slaughtering civilians in opposition hotbeds in an attempt to wipe out dissidents . The Syrian regime has consistently blamed violence on "  armed terrorist groups " and portrayed its forces as trying to protect the public interest and security . The Syrian government says more than 2,000 security personnel have been killed in the violence , including 12 "  martyrs " it said were buried Monday . The Syrian regime has ramped up raids and arrests across the country , detaining hundreds of civilians in the past two days , the network said . It said Syrian journalist and blogger Rafaa Masri was among those recently detained . The U.S. Treasury announced Monday it was identifying the Syrian General Organization of Radio and TV as subject to sanctions imposed against Syria in August . "  The General Organization of Radio and TV has served as an arm of the Syrian regime as it mounts increasingly barbaric attacks on its own population and seeks both to mask and legitimize its violence , " the director of the Treasury 's Office of Foreign Assets Control , Adam Szubin , said in a statement . "  By taking this action today , Treasury is sending a clear signal that it stands with the Syrian people . Any individuals or institutions supporting its abhorrent behavior will be targeted and cut off from the international financial system . " As many as 2,000 Syrians have crossed into Lebanon since Sunday , according to Dana Suleiman , spokesman for the United Nations ' refugee agency UNHCR in Beirut . They came from Homs province , she said . Explosions and gunfire could be heard Monday in the Jib Jandali neighborhood of Homs province , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . Rebel forces said they drove out the army from Rastan -- but acknowledged that most of their fighters had retreated from the besieged area , which is located between the flashpoint cities of Homs and Hama . Capt. Ammar al-Wawi said the Free Syrian Army 's withdrawal from Rastan "  was strategic to save the people 's lives . " "  We do n't want to give the regime any excuse to kill more civilians , " Wawi said Monday . "  It was a tactical withdrawal in order to create better circumstances and to get ready for the next step . " Though they are outnumbered and out-armed by the Syrian military , members of the Free Syrian Army managed to attack an air force intelligence building in Harasta , near Damascus , with machine guns Sunday night , FSA deputy head Malek al-Kurdi said . Wawi said a growing number of defections from Syrian troops are affecting the government 's tactics . "  The regime is avoiding direct confrontations with the FSA fighters , so they attack and bomb the cities using artillery ... and rockets because when they fight us on the ground , we always end up getting more defectors joining our sides , " he said . CNN 's Saad Abedine , Ted Barrett , Barbara Starr , Hamdi Alkhshali , Salma Abdelaziz and Holly Yan , and journalists Omar Muqdad and Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : Opposition activists say 26 people were killed around Syria on Monday McCain says foreign air power is "  the only realistic way " to protect Syrians U.N. relief coordinator to arrive Wednesday in Damascus U.S. Treasury says Syrian Radio and TV are subject to sanctions
CNN  -- A pair of illegal immigration ordinances in Hazleton , Pennsylvania , were ruled unconstitutional Thursday by a federal appeals court . In 2006 , Hazleton passed the Illegal Immigration Relief Act Ordinance , which would have fined landlords who rented to undocumented immigrants and would have penalized companies that employed them . Under another law , tenants would have had to prove they were citizens or lawful residents , register with the city and pay for a rental permit in order to receive an occupancy permit . The ordinances were copied by other cities . Both were challenged before going into effect and found unconstitutional in 2007 by a U.S. District Court . The court ruled that Hazleton can not enact any ordinances dealing with illegal immigration because they conflict with the supremacy clause of the U.S. constitution . "  Today 's decision makes the Third Circuit the most liberal court in America on immigration issues , " said a statement from Lou Barletta , Hazelton 's mayor . "  This ruling is a loss for Hazleton and its legal residents . " But the American Civil Liberties Union called the decision by the 3rd Circuit Court of Appeals in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , "  a major victory in the fight against state and local anti-immigration . " Hazelton attorney Kris Kobach said the city will appeal the case and is ready to take it all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court , if necessary .	Federal court throws out laws limiting where illegal immigrants can live , work Judge says ordinances conflict with supremacy clause of U.S. constitution Law would have fined landlords for renting to illegal aliens
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Faezeh Hashemi , the daughter of former Iranian president , Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , was sentenced to six months in prison for making anti-government statements , semi-official Mehr News Agency reported Tuesday . Hashemi was arrested last year for taking part in anti-government protests , and the announcement of her sentence comes as parliamentary elections near . Her father , Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , is a powerful cleric and former parliament speaker . In the past , Rafsanjani has been one of the government 's most vocal critics . Rafsanjani served two terms as president from 1989 to 1997 , and is still widely believed to be one of the wealthiest and most politically powerful men in Iran . He had long been a staunch critic and bitter political rival of Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . Weeks after the 2009 elections , Rafsanjani condemned the regime 's violent crackdown against the opposition movement and spoke out for the people 's right to peacefully protest in a speech delivered at Tehran 's Friday prayers . In recent months , Rafsanjani had toned down attacks and made statements of apparent support of the regime and the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . Last March , Rafsanjani was replaced as head of Iran 's Assembly of Experts , a powerful committee charged with electing and removing the leader of the Islamic Revolution and supervising his activities .	Faezeh Hashemi was arrested last year for taking part in anti-government protests The announcement comes as parliamentary elections near . Her father is Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , former Iranian president
EW.com  -- After various Websites noted a curious surge in votes Tuesday for a contestant in Oprah Winfrey 's "  Your OWN Show " contest , OWN , the television network Winfrey will launch in January , confirms to EW it is investigating . The online contest is really a search for contestants for an OWN reality series in which competitors will then vie for their own show on the network . Until yesterday , Zach Anner , a witty wheelchair-bound Texan who explains in his video that he has cerebral palsy  "  the sexiest of the palsies "  and pitches "  a travel show for people who never thought they could travel , " held a commanding lead . But in the afternoon , contestant Dr. Phyllis -- who proposes a reality show on teachers because the drama is in the classroom , rather convincingly -- took the top spot by amassing votes at a rate that spurred some techno-savvy readers into sleuth mode . Geekosystem has a detailed breakdown of the various claims  complete with graphs  among them that for at least a few hours , the source code for Phyllis ' "  Vote " button differed from that of all the other contestants and that as quickly as her vote-per-minute average rose it dropped later that day  from 1,923 votes a minute to 3  . Contacted by EW , a spokesperson for OWN issued the following statement : "  The online voting rules for the ` Your OWN Show ' video submission competition were carefully crafted to be fair to everyone . Any allegations of impropriety will be investigated and the appropriate actions taken to keep the process unbiased . "  As of 5:15 p.m. ET Wednesday , Anner was back in the lead , by a margin of more than 400,000 votes ; Dr. Phyllis could not be reached for comment . While some conspiracy theorists have gone as far as to suggest that Winfrey could be rigging the competition against Anner , he has not jumped to that conclusion : "  I sincerely doubt that Oprah would do anything like that , " he says in a statement to EW . "  She 's probably too busy building schools and helping children to even notice someone like me . I 'm grateful for everyone 's continued support and to Oprah for giving me this opportunity . Thanks again , happy travels , and keep being sexy ! " See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Websites noted a surge in votes Tuesday for an online contest for Oprah 's Network Contestant Dr. Phyllis was recieving votes at a rate that made some suspicious The contest is a search for contestants for an OWN reality series
CNN  -- Yahoo! announced Monday that the search is on for the Internet giant 's next CEO . Jerry Yang , Yahoo! co-founder , speaks at an electronics show in Las Vegas in January . The new CEO will replace Yahoo! co-founder , Jerry Yang , who assumed the position in June 2007 and has since come under fire for failing to turn around the company . Yang will step down when a replacement is selected . Just two weeks ago at the Web 2.0 Summit , Yang was asked if he was the right guy to lead the battered portal . Yang dodged the question by defending his passion for the company he co-founded 13 years ago . "  I did n't make the decision of being the CEO lightly , " he said . "  I wanted to make a change at Yahoo! that I believe I can make ... That 's a dream that I felt I could achieve by being CEO and that 's still the dream today . " Now , Yang plans to return to his former role as "  Chief Yahoo " and will still have a seat on the board , Yahoo! said . During his short tenure , Yahoo! has had two major rounds of layoffs and has seen its search market share shrink significantly while a series of reorganizations led to the departure of senior executives . Wall Street and shareholders criticized Yang for falling short of reaching an agreement to sell the company to Microsoft . Yang also was taken to task when Google pulled out of a controversial ad agreement earlier this month that would have boosted Yahoo 's revenues by hundreds of millions of dollars . Yahoo! said the search for a new CEO will encompass both internal and external candidates . "  Over the past year and a half , despite extraordinary challenges and distractions , Jerry Yang has led the repositioning of Yahoo! on an open platform model as well as the improved alignment of costs and revenues , " said Chairman Roy Bostock . "  Jerry and the Board have had an ongoing dialogue about succession timing , and we all agree that now is the right time to make the transition to a new CEO who can take the company to the next level . "	Jerry Yang plans to resume his former role as "  Chief Yahoo " The Yahoo! co-founder will still have a seat on the board Yang criticized for not reaching deal to sell Yahoo! to Microsoft Yang took over as CEO in June 2007
CNN  French officials are still trying to determine what caused gunmen to attack a satirical magazine in Paris , killing 12 people . But , according to French media , the gunmen yelled , "  We have avenged the Prophet ! " as they stormed the office . Charlie Hebdo , the French satirical magazine attacked on Wednesday , has a controversial history of depicting Mohammed , often in an unfavorable light , which has angered many Muslims around the world . The prohibition again illustrating the Prophet Mohammed began as a attempt to ward off idol worship , which was widespread in Islam 's Arabian birthplace . But in recent years , that prohibition has taken on a deadly edge . A central tenet of Islam is that Mohammed was a man , not God , and that portraying him could lead to revering him in lieu of Allah . "  It 's all rooted in the notion of idol worship , " Akbar Ahmed , who chairs the Islamic Studies department at American University told CNN . "  In Islam , the notion of God versus any depiction of God or any sacred figure is very strong . " In some ways , Islam was a reaction against Christianity , which early Muslims believed had been led astray by conceiving of Christ , not as a man but as a God . They did n't want the same thing to happen to Mohammed . "  The prophet himself was aware that if people saw his face portrayed by people , they would soon start worshiping him , " Ahmed told CNN . "  So he himself spoke against such images , saying ` I 'm just a man . ' " In a bitter irony , the sometimes violent attacks against portrayals of the prophet are kind of reverse idol-worship , revering -- and killing for -- the absence of an image , said Hussein Rashid , a professor of Islamic studies at Hofstra University in New York . In November 2011 , Charlie Hebdo 's office was burned down on the same day the magazine was due to release an issue with a cover that appeared to poke fun at Islamic law . The cover cartoon depicted a bearded and turbaned cartoon figure of the Prophet Mohammed , with a bubble saying , "  100 lashes if you 're not dying of laughter . " In September 2012 , as France was closing embassies in about 20 countries amid the global furor over the anti-Islam film "  Innocence of Muslims , " the magazine published an issue featuring a cartoon that appeared to depict a naked Mohammed , along with a cover that seemed to show Mohammed being pushed in a wheelchair by an Orthodox Jew . Charlie Hebdo journalist Laurent Leger defended the magazine at the time , saying the cartoons were not intended to provoke anger or violence . "  The aim is to laugh , " Leger told BFMTV in 2012 . "  We want to laugh at the extremists -- every extremist . They can be Muslim , Jewish , Catholic . Everyone can be religious , but extremist thoughts and acts we can not accept . " But for many Muslims , depictions of Mohammed , revered not only as a prophet but also as a moral exemplar , are no laughing matter . Satirical representations of Muhammad are not new , although they are very modern , said Rashid . "  In the context of Europe , where in many countries Muslims feel like they are besieged , these images are not seen as criticism , but as bullying . Violence , as a response , is clearly wrong and disproportionate . However , it is not so much about religious anger , as it is about vengeance . " But even in the United States , where Muslims are relatively acclimated , extremists have opposed the portrayal of Mohammed on "  South Park , " the satirical cartoon show , and the subsequent "  Draw Mohammed Day , " that erupted in response . Mohamed Magid , an imam and former head of Islamic Society of North America , told CNN that the Muslim prohibition on depicting prophets extends to Jesus and Moses , whom Islam treats as prophets . Some Muslim countries banned the films "  Noah " and "  Exodus " this year because their leading characters were Hebrew prophets . In Sunni mosques , the largest branch of the faith , there are no human images of any kind . The spaces are instead decorated with verses from the Quran . But there have been historical instances of Muslims depicting the prophet , especially in Shiite branches of Islam , Omid Safi , a religious studies professor at Duke University , told CNN . "  We have had visual depictions of the prophet in the form of miniatures and pictures in the Iranian context , the Turkish context , the central Asian context , " said Safi . "  The one significant context where depictions of the prophet have not been image-related has been in the Arab context . " Johari Abdul-Malik , the imam for Dar Al-Hijrah Islamic Center in Falls Church , Virginia , told CNN that depictions of the prophet 's teachings were sometimes used to bridge gaps in illiteracy . Even historical renditions of Mohammed by Muslim artists were careful not to paint the prophet in too much detail . For example , Ahmed told CNN that Muslim artists in the 15th and 16th centuries would depict the prophet but took pains to avoid drawing his face . "  It would be as if he was wearing a veil on his face , so the really orthodox could not object -- that was the solution they found . " In a Muslim film called "  The Messenger , " which circulated throughout the Muslim world in the 1970s and 1980s , Mohammed was shown only in shadow . In the Quran , there is "  no statement from the prophet requesting his image not be recorded , " Abdul-Malik told CNN . Instead , the teaching about images comes from the hadith , a record of the sayings and actions of the Prophet Mohammed and his closest companions . The hadith is considered secondary only to the Quran in terms of textual authority , but the sometimes contradictory accounts have led to centuries of debates within the umma , or global Muslim community . Scholars of religion say opposition to portraying Mohammed was n't generally violated in earlier centuries because of a gulf between Western and majority-Muslim nations . In the age of globalization , non-Muslims and critics of Islam have felt free to depict Mohammed , including in offensive ways . In 2006 , for example , a Danish cartoonist 's depiction of the prophet wearing a bomb as a turban with a lit fuse sparked demonstrations across the world . CNN 's Nick Thompson and Eric Marrapodi contributed to this report .	Objections to portrayal of Mohammed "  rooted in the notion of idol worship , " professor says The Muslim disapproval of depicting prophets extends to Jesus and Moses , imam says In globalization age , non-Muslims and critics of Islam have felt free to depict Mohammed
Romance and flying rarely go together anymore , unless you fall in love 35,000 feet above ground and get engaged in-flight . Alexandra Williams and Arvin Shandiz met on a Delta Air Lines shuttle from New York to Chicago in 2010 , CNN affiliate WGN reported . "  I was enamored with her from day one and I was like , I 'm going to spend the rest of my life with her , " Shandiz told the station . "  I would joke with her and tell her that when we get engaged , it 'll happen on a Delta flight . " And that 's exactly what happened . On Friday , in the middle of a flight from Chicago 's O'Hare International to New York 's LaGuardia Airport , Shandiz suddenly addressed a visibly shocked Williams over the plane 's intercom  with the airline 's permission  as other passengers looked on . The proposal was captured on a video posted on YouTube . "  From the moment I met her that night , I knew that I never wanted to spend a second without her , " Shandiz announced as Williams rocked in her seat with emotion . "  Would you marry me ? " The cabin erupted in applause as Williams said yes . Shandiz then presented her with the ring and the couple kissed awkwardly in the cramped cabin . Delta treated all passengers on the flight with champagne to celebrate the engagement . It also surprised the couple with a free trip for their honeymoon , WGN reported . "  It was magical to say the least and it 's been a fairy tale from the moment we met . I ca n't say how elated and lucky I feel , " Williams said .	Man pops the question on board a flight to New York as passengers look on The couple met on a flight and he felt it would only be appropriate to get engaged on a plane She said yes ; airline treats all passengers on board to champagne
Washington  CNN  -- A federal appeals court Wednesday issued an order blocking the U.S. military from enforcing its "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy on gays and lesbians serving in the military . U.S. officials have been moving ahead with dismantling the policy but had objected to having the courts force the government to officially repeal it at this time . At issue in the complex legal fight is whether "  do n't ask , do n't tell " can remain in effect -- even in name only -- while the legal fight over its constitutionality is being fought in the federal courts . Judges have been at odds over the enforcement issue for months . The case puts the Obama administration in an unusual position of supporting a repeal , but at the same time filing court motions to prevent it from happening faster than planned . Military officials suggest the policy compliance changes eliminating "  do n't ask , do n't tell " could be finished in a few weeks . In a brief order Wednesday , the 9th U.S. Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals echoed that , saying , "  the process of repealing  the policy  is well underway , and the preponderance of the armed forces are expected to have been trained by mid-summer " on abiding by the new guidelines . "  The circumstances and balance of hardships have changed , " said the three-judge panel , concluding that as a result , "  do n't ask , do n't tell " can not remain in place . The Justice Department can now go back to the Supreme Court to try and have the enforcement order suspended for a second time . The justices last fall upheld an earlier order keeping the policy in place . The San Francisco-based appeals court also announced it would hear oral arguments in the issue in late August . A gay rights group -- the Log Cabin Republicans -- had sued over the 18-year-old ban on openly gay and lesbian members from service in the U.S. armed forces . In September , U.S. District Judge Virginia Phillips declared the military 's ban to be unconstitutional . The Congress has since passed legislation signed by President Obama to gradually eliminate "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " but Pentagon officials had refused to issue a timeline on when that policy change would be completed . It is an issue Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , who took over the post this month , will now have to confront . If the policy is fully in place , and any current investigations of gay and lesbian service members are suspended , the legal appeals might quickly become moot . But the Log Cabin Republicans have vowed to continue the legal fight until then . The group called the court order "  exciting news . " The ruling "  removes all uncertainty -- American service members are no longer under threat of discharge as the repeal implementation process goes forward , " said R. Clarke Cooper , the group 's executive director . "  As a captain in the United States Army Reserve , I have observed the reactions of my colleagues to the Department of Defense 's move toward open service , and can say with complete confidence that our military is ready , willing and able to take this step . Log Cabin Republicans are proud of our role in ending this unconstitutional and un-American policy once and for all . " Obama had said he long wanted to repeal "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " and had reached an agreement with then-Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Adm. Mike Mullen , the previous chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , on a process that included a military review of how to make a successful transition to openly gay and lesbian soldiers serving . The three men would then have to certify the repeal . Gay rights groups say the policy -- even as it is being discarded -- violates the due process and First Amendment rights of military members . In their appeals , the Log Cabin Republicans said allowing the policy to remain in effect pending appeal would be unacceptable and would cause "  irreparable harm . " The government presented "  no evidence to support a finding that open service by gay and lesbian individuals harmed the military 's interests , and ... both civilian and military leaders admitted that DADT actually impairs military interests , " the appeal claimed . "  Deference to military judgment here tips the scales against a stay , rather than in favor of one , " it said . But the Obama administration , supported by Pentagon officials , argued that suspending the policy and forcing the military to immediately change course while the case is being appealed would cause problems during a time of war . "  The military should not be required to suddenly and immediately restructure a major personnel policy that has been in place for years , particularly during a time when the nation is involved in combat operations overseas , " said the government in a prior legal brief . Pentagon spokesman Dave Lapan said the military "  will of course comply with orders of the court , and are taking immediately steps to inform the field of this order . " He added , "  In the meantime , implementation of the DADT repeal voted by the Congress and signed in to law by the President last December is proceeding smoothly , is well underway , and certification is just weeks away . " Gates last fall raised the level at which gay and lesbian troops can be discharged under "  do n't ask , do n't tell " by ordering that it only be done by the secretaries of the Army , Navy and Air Force . In a memo written to the heads of all the military services , Gates said his action was taken in direct response to the legal uncertainty surrounding "  do n't ask , do n't tell " law . There have been four voluntary discharges -- all from the Air Force -- in connection with "  do n't ask , do n't tell " since October , according to the Pentagon . CNN 's Charley Keyes contributed to this report .	A federal appeals court says "  do n't ask , do n't tell " can not remain in place The Obama administration supports repeal of the policy But the administration opposes repeal faster than planned Military officials suggest policy changes eliminating DADT could be finished in a few weeks
Forty years after the grisly execution-style murder of a New Jersey state trooper , the woman convicted of his killing has been placed on the FBI 's most wanted terrorist list -- the first woman to be named on it . Authorities say Joanne Chesimard , 65 , has been living freely in Cuba since 1984 , five years after she escaped from a U.S. prison . "  She attends government functions and her standard of living is higher than most Cubans , " the FBI said in a statement . Chesimard , now known as "  Assata Shakur , " is wanted in the killing of Trooper Werner Foerster on the New Jersey Turnpike on May 2 , 1973 , the FBI said . Rewards of $ 2 million -- $ 1 million from the FBI and $ 1 million from the state of New Jersey -- have been offered for information leading to her capture and return . Chesimard is the 46th terrorist added to list since its inception in 2001 , and the second domestic terrorist put on the list . According to the FBI , Chesimard , Clark Squire , and James Coston were stopped for a motor vehicle violation on the New Jersey Turnpike by two state troopers . Police say Chesimard fired the first shot at the troopers , and Coston shot from the back seat . Trooper James Harper was shot in the shoulder before fatally wounding Coston . During the gun fight , Foerster was executed at point blank range with his own gun , according to the FBI . Chesimard and Squire were tried and convicted of the murder , and were serving time in 1979 when Chesimard escaped from prison "  with help from a coalition of radical , domestic terror groups who took two guards hostage during an armed assault at the facility where she was being lodged , " the FBI statement said . Chesimard was a member of the Black Panther Party and later the Black Liberation Army , "  described as one of the most violent militant organizations of 1970s , " the FBI said . "  The Black Liberation Army claimed responsibility for the murder of several police officers throughout the United States , " the FBI said in a statement . Aaron T. Ford , special agent in charge of the FBI 's Newark Division , told reporters Thursday Chesimard "  remains an inspiration to the movement " despite living abroad , and he called her a "  threat to America . " According to the website AssataShakur.org , Chesimard says she was forced to "  flee from the political repression , racism and violence that dominate the U.S. government 's policy towards people of color . " Musician Common penned "  A Song for Assata " in 2000 on his album "  Like Water for Chocolate . " "  In the spirit of the Black Panthers , in the spirit of Assata Shakur , we make this movement towards freedom , for all those who have been oppressed , and all those in the struggle , " he sings .	Chesimard was convicted of killing a New Jersey state trooper in 1973 She escaped from prison in 1979 , and fled to Cuba in 1984 , police say Now known as Assata Shakur , she says she fled persecution
KENNEDY SPACE CENTER , Florida  CNN  -- Just after midnight on July 16 , 1969 , Jack King kissed his wife goodbye at their Cocoa Beach , Florida home , jumped in his car , and drove to Dunkin' Donuts for a doughnut and a cup of coffee . Jack King became the voice of the Apollo 11 launch . "  It was quite a thrilling time , " he says . It was the start of a big day : the launch of a Saturn V rocket , lifting man from the face of the Earth to the face of the moon . King , the chief of public information at Kennedy Space Center , would become known that day as the voice of Apollo 11 . In the wee hours of the morning , he followed his launch-day routine . But as he headed across the causeway to the space center , King lost sight of the lagoon he normally passed -- the view obstructed by RVs and trailers that had secured their spots for a view of the moon launch . "  The town was very much alive ; the vibrancy was entirely different . Three-quarters of a million people had come into the area to view the launch , so it was quite a thrilling time , " says King , now 78 . "  When I 'd cross the bridge over the Banana River heading to the Space Center , I 'd pull off onto the side of the road , get out of the car , and there was the Saturn V , bathed in the floodlights , just glowing . " Hear the voice of King , watch as Apollo took off for moon " "  It was a just a very impressive , majestic rocket . " Launch manager Paul Donnelly recalls , "  We launched at 9:32 that morning . " He reported for work the night before to oversee the hazardous and delicate operation of fueling the three-stage rocket . "  Everything on Apollo 11 went just beautiful , no real problems . " He says he always told the astronauts , "  The launch crew wishes you good luck and Godspeed . " As the hatch closed that day , he says he was thinking , "  Go ! Go ! Go ! Let 's do it . " See the men who 've walked the moon " Forty years after America 's launch of Apollo 11 , the U.S. space program is at a different crossroads , challenged in recent years to return to the moon and to recapture the ambition that launched the space race in 1961 . Back then , a dazzled nation heard the big dreams of a youthful Ivy League-educated , senator-turned president . "  I believe , " President John F. Kennedy told Congress , "  that this nation should commit itself to achieving the goal , before this decade is out , of landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to Earth . " That was the same year Barack Obama was born . Forty-eight years later , Obama , a similarly youthful Ivy League-educated former senator , is now in charge , and the nation wonders what his vision is for the U.S. space program . Watch Buzz Aldrin : U.S. should go to Mars " Donnelly , now 86 , says he recalls the launch of Apollo 11 as if it were yesterday . He also says he believes President Obama could re-energize the space program . Donnelly believed the moon mission would ultimately come to pass , even after Kennedy had been assassinated . "  It did n't distract me or the people here , " Donnelly said referring to the launch team . The pressure was on for the United States to get to that fateful launch day , especially given the intense competition between the United States and the Soviet Union . "  It was a missile race before it was a space race , " said King , a former reporter for The Associated Press . By the time Alan Shepard became the first American in space in 1961 , the Russians had already flown two cosmonauts . The Russians , backed by Soviet leader Nikita Khruschev , were also working with a much more powerful rocket . "  The challenges were tremendous . Khruschev appeared at the U.N. , slammed his shoe and said -- ` We 're going to bury you , ' " King recalls . "  Looking back it was a critical decade , the '60s . " John Logsdon , who holds the Charles A. Lindbergh chair in aerospace history at the Smithsonian Institution 's National Air and Space Museum , says for the Kennedy administration , the moon mission was about more than the space race itself . It was also an exercise in soft power -- "  an attempt to show the world the technological strength of the United States in a very visible but peaceful way . " In striking out for the moon , the United States started on fairly equal footing with the Soviets because at that time , neither had a rocket large enough for a moon mission . One advantage for the United States was the expertise of rocket scientist Werner Von Braun . In 1945 , Von Braun and his team of engineers were brought from Nazi Germany , where during World War II they advanced the science of rocket propulsion for military applications . "  Von Braun and his rocket team had plans for space exploration for a long time , and they had designed increasingly larger rockets , " Logsdon says . "  Their first thought was to build a really large rocket called ` Nova ' that would be 50 percent bigger than the Saturn V that we used to go to the moon . It would have been a gigantic rocket . " In the launch control center at what was then known as Cape Kennedy , on July 16 , 1969 , there were about 400 engineers and technicians who had worked together to this point , for years . "  We were close , " says Donnelly . Were there nerves and emotions inside Mission Control ? Donnelly says there was a sense of confidence , but beyond that , the team worked methodically through the hundreds of steps involved in the moon launch . Once the astronauts were in the space capsule and the hatch closed , Donnelly says , emotions picked up . Jack King recalls that day as "  one of the smoothest Saturn V countdowns that I ever went through . For most of the count , we were probably 10 or 15 minutes ahead . " Then , with the launch seconds away , "  We 'd go , ` Guidance is internal 15 , 14 , 13 , 12 , 11 , 10 , 9 ; ignition sequence start , 6 , 5,4,3 , 2 ; all engines running , commit , liftoff . ' " King recalls looking over his shoulder and seeing the 365-foot rocket glowing in the morning sun . "  I see this magnificent thing is sitting in a bed of flames there on the launch pad , " he says . Unlike the jackrabbit-launch of a space shuttle , King says the moon rocket lumbered away . "  The Saturn V took close to seven seconds just to clear the tower . " Forty years later , "  the future is under review , " says Logsdon . A blue-ribbon panel , led by former Lockheed Martin chief Norm Augustine , is taking stock of the nation 's human space flight program , with a report to President Obama due by the end of this summer . "  There is a high degree of uncertainty right now , " says Logsdon . Among the biggest questions : Will the United States return to the moon by 2020 , as envisioned by former President George W. Bush , or will they lead a coalition of countries into space in the same way the international space station has operated ? For Donnelly , it only makes sense for the United States to push on toward Mars . "  Oh yes , " says Donnelly . "  Great things can happen . " CNN 's Louise Schiavone contributed to this report .	Apollo 11 took off for the moon 40 years ago today Jack King , voice of Mission Control , says , "  It was quite a thrilling time " "  Everything on Apollo 11 went just beautiful , " says launch manager Paul Donnelly Donnelly says man should now head for Mars
London , England  CNN  -- On June 21 , 1930 , a Frenchman boarded the SS Conte Verde at Villefranche-sur-Mer , carrying in his baggage a small winged statuette representing Nike , the Greek goddess of victory . Also aboard the South America-bound liner were footballers from France , Belgium and Romania . The Frenchman was Jules Rimet and the golden trophy was the World Cup . Rimet 's vision , conceived in the aftermath of World War One , was of a global tournament which reflected football 's growing international popularity . But as the vessel set sail for Montevideo , the competition 's prospects did not look particularly good . Uruguay had been awarded the event following gold medals at the 1924 and 1928 Olympics , and because the competition coincided with the South American country 's centenary celebrations . But , with the world 's economy reeling from the Great Depression , just 12 other teams took part . England , claiming de facto supremacy in a sport they had invented and exported , were among those to snub the tournament . Unsurprisingly , the first final would prove a local affair , with the hosts beating neighboring Argentina 4-2 . Two more World Cups would be played before World War Two -- both won by Italy -- but the competition remained an event finding its feet as sporting issues were overshadowed by the darkening mood in Europe . Rimet 's trophy spent the war hidden in a shoe box under the bed of an Italian football official . A new era began in 1950 as hosts Brazil built the world 's biggest football stadium , Rio de Janeiro 's Maracana , to showcase a competition which they were also expected to dominate . England , finally sending a team , suffered an ignominious 1-0 defeat against the U.S. but it was the final match that delivered the greatest shock as Uruguay , in front of an expectant crowd of almost 200,000 , stunned the hosts 2-1 . In Brazil the match became known as the "  fateful final . " Yet it was also the trauma of the defeat which would fuel Brazil 's obsession with winning the tournament , paving the way for the country 's later dominance . 2010 World Cup : A catalyst for a new South Africa ? The World Cup returned to Europe in 1954 with Switzerland playing hosts and Hungary , led by "  Galloping Major " Ferenc Puskas , arriving as favorites . The Hungarians thrashed in 17 goals in their opening two games , including an 8-3 win over West Germany , their eventual opponents in the final . But in a match known in Germany as the "  Miracle of Berne , " it was Fritz Walter 's side who emerged as 3-2 winners . The 1958 World Cup in Sweden marked the arrival of a 17-year-old superstar called Edison Arantes do Nascimento , better known as Pele , as Brazil were crowned champions at last . Pele did n't appear until the quarterfinals , but followed the winning goal against Wales with a hat-trick against France and two more in a 5-2 win over the hosts in the final . Brazil were winners again in 1962 in Chile , this time inspired by Garrincha 's trickery . The winger scored four times in wins over England and Chile before Brazil completed the defense of their crown with a 3-1 win over Czechoslovakia . 1966 was the year when England finally embraced the World Cup , with home advantage proving enough to carry Alf Ramsey 's side all the way to the title , capped by Geoff Hurst 's hat-trick in a 4-2 final win over West Germany . But the victory also marked the beginning of the country 's still unfulfilled obsession with repeating the feat . The 1970 World Cup in Mexico was a technicolored spectacle , brought live to millions of television screens by satellite technology and featuring a virtuoso performance by a Brazilian team considered the greatest in football history . Pele produced the tournament 's most memorable cameos , including his famous near-miss from the halfway line against Czechoslovakia and an astonishing dummy that sent the ball past a bewildered Uruguayan keeper -- though neither moment led to a goal . The save from his downward header by England goalkeeper Gordon Banks is rated by many as the best of all time . Jairzinho achieved the unique feat of scoring in every match while captain Carlos Alberto capped his side 's 4-1 win over Italy in the final with an emphatic finish that summed up the Brazilians ' supremacy . By 1974 , the World Cup was starting to resemble its modern incarnation , with teams such as Zaire -- the first from sub-Saharan Africa -- and Australia extending the competition 's reach beyond its roots in Europe and South America . Johan Cruyff 's brilliant Dutch side took the tournament by storm with their revolutionary "  total football " but it was hosts West Germany who came out on top 2-1 in the final . Who will be the World Cup 's best player ? Home advantage also proved decisive in 1978 as Argentina ended their long wait for World Cup success with Mario Kempes scoring twice in a 3-1 win over the Netherlands in the final . For some however , the tournament was tainted , offering apparent legitimacy to the country 's oppressive military regime . Italy ended their long wait for a third title in 1982 in Spain , recovering from a slow start to beat favorites Brazil in a thrilling second-round match in which striker Paolo Rossi scored a hat-trick on his way to winning the top scorer 's Golden Boot . West Germany were the Italians ' opponents in the final , though their passage was marred by a semifinal penalties victory over France principally remembered for a horrendous challenge by West German goalkeeper Harald Schumacher which left Frenchman Patrick Battiston unconscious . Rossi opened the scoring in Italy 's 3-1 win . The 1986 tournament in Mexico belonged to Diego Maradona , whose individual brilliance carried Argentina to victory virtually single-handedly -- literally in the case of his notorious "  Hand of God " goal against England . Maradona 's second goal of that match , a waltzing solo from inside his own half , confirmed him as football 's greatest talent since Pele , and not even a West German fightback from two goals down in the final could prevent Argentina being crowned champions as 3-2 winners . The 1990 tournament in Italy opened with a stunning upset as Cameroon beat Argentina 1-0 in a brutal performance which saw them end the game with nine men . Argentina regrouped to advance to the final , setting up a rematch of the 1986 final against West Germany . This time the West Germans , the tournament 's most impressive side , came out on top , winning 1-0 . Maradona 's last World Cup , in the U.S. in 1994 , ended in disgrace as he failed a drugs test . Colombia went into the competition as favorites but their participation ended tragically with early elimination and the murder on their return home of defender Andres Escobar , the scorer of a critical own-goal . That left Brazil , led by Romario , carrying the South American challenge , while Italian Roberto Baggio hauled his team through the knockout stages in a trio of match-winning performances against Nigeria , Spain and Bulgaria . But Baggio 's fate was to be remembered as the man who missed in the first final to be settled on penalties , shooting over the crossbar to send the World Cup back to Brazil for the first time since 1970 . World Cup predictions Brazil reached the final once again in 1998 , but the buildup to their clash with hosts France would prove more dramatic than the match itself as the world 's most feared striker , Ronaldo , was first omitted from the Brazilians ' team sheet and then reinstated at the last minute . Later reports suggested Ronaldo had suffered a pre-match fit , and the incident seemed to be playing on his teammates ' minds as Zinedine Zidane struck twice for France in a 3-0 win , triggering wild celebrations on the Champs Elysees . In 2002 the World Cup visited Asia for the first time , co-hosted by Japan and South Korea . It was a tournament of upsets with Senegal humbling France in the opening game and South Korea riding their luck and some generous refereeing to oust Spain and Italy on their way to the last four . Turkey were also surprise semifinalists , but the final brought together two heavyweights in Brazil and Germany . Making up for the disappointment of 1998 , Ronaldo scored both goals in a 2-0 win as Brazil became five-time winners . Both Zidane and Marco Materazzi found the net in the 2006 final in Germany between France and Italy , but it was the pair 's off-the-ball clash deep into extra time that became the tournament 's defining moment . Zidane had emerged from international retirement to lead his country to the final , a fitting stage for the greatest player of his generation 's final game . Instead , Zidane was dismissed from the field for headbutting Materazzi , apparently in retaliation to some verbal insult offered by the Italian defender . France 's 10 men held out for a 1-1 draw but without their talisman the fates had swung decisively against them . Having defied the distraction of a match-fixing scandal at home and beaten hosts Germany in a tense semifinal , the Italians held their nerve once again to convert five perfect penalties and win the World Cup for the fourth time .	Only 12 teams traveled to Uruguay for the first World Cup ever held in 1930 Twenty years later , the tournament entered a new era when it was staged in Brazil The 1970 event in Mexico featured technicolor coverage via satellite television broadcasts Italy go into the the 2010 tournament in South Africa as the defending champions
CNN  -- Over the past week , I 've been inundated with questions about swine flu , via Facebook , Twitter , CNN blogs and e-mail . So this week I 'm empowering people with information about swine flu : how to protect yourself , what all the numbers mean and why you should n't freak out . The most recnt advice from the CDC is that non-essential travel to Mexico should be avoided . 1 . Has n't swine flu been around for a while ? Yes . Swine flu was first identified in 1930 when researchers isolated the virus in a pig . In 1976 , more than 200 soldiers at Fort Dix , New Jersey , got swine flu . From 1976 until 2005 , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention received approximately one report every year or two of humans with swine flu . From December 2005 until January 2009 , there were 12 cases of swine flu reported . 2 . The folks who have it now , did they get it from pigs or people ? It appears that no one in the United States with swine flu had any contact with pigs . Dr. Richard Besser , the acting director of the CDC , said in a news conference Friday that among the first seven cases , no one had contact with pigs . In another press conference Monday , he added that investigators have looked to see whether any of the infected people had contact with pigs , and "  we 're not finding that linkage here . " 3 . Swine flu is transmitted from animals to humans . Does that happen a lot ? Yes . More than 200 "  zoonotic diseases " are transmitted from animals to humans , including illnesses caused by bacteria , viruses and parasites . Rabies and variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease  better known as "  mad cow disease "  are two well-known examples . 4 . Should I cancel my trip to Mexico ? Yes , you should , unless it 's essential . That 's the advice from a recent CDC travel warning . Watch Elizabeth Cohen answer your questions " 5 . Should I be freaking out ? A new virus spreading quickly around the world . Young , healthy people struck dead in Mexico . Should we all be panicking ? "  Absolutely not , " said Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the department of preventive medicine at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine . Swine flu , he said , "  is not spreading all that rapidly . Take the St. Francis School in New York . There 's been very little transmission from the schoolchildren to family members , and it certainly has n't spread throughout Queens . " iReport.com : Share your thoughts , concerns about swine flu But , Schaffner added , this does n't mean we should n't pay attention to swine flu . "  We should be alert , keep up with the information coming out daily , and take control by being attentive to your hygiene . Wash your hands very , very frequently and avoid people who are coughing and sneezing . " 6 . How close do you have to be to a sick person to get swine flu ? "  You can acquire this infection if you 're within the ` breathing zone ' of a sick person , which is about three to six feet , " Schaffner said . "  And we usually mean being this close to someone in a confined space . We 're not talking about fleeting contact . We 're not talking about walking past someone in the street . You need sustained contact . " If you think you might have sustained contact with someone who 's ill , read this guidance from the CDC 's Web site . 7 . Yikes ! Every day I 'm that close to countless people -- at work , on the bus , at church , in a movie theater . Could I get swine flu from them ? Yes . "  If you 're standing next to someone on a bus , or sitting next to someone or in front of someone in a theater , you could acquire the infection in that fashion , " Schaffner said . That 's why people with the symptoms of any kind of flu -- fever , diarrhea , body aches , vomiting , etc. -- are urged to stay home and away from groups of people . 8 . Was n't there a vaccine at one time ? Is there one now ? Yes , a swine flu vaccine was given to 45 million people in 1976 . There is no vaccine now , although researchers are working on one . The 1976 vaccine would n't be helpful anyway , according to Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute for Allergy & Infectious Diseases . "  That was a completely different virus than the virus we are dealing with right now , completely different in the sense that the genes are different , and it does n't have any relationship , " said Fauci . "  The designation of each one was called the swine flu , but from a viral standpoint and spreading it is quite , quite different . " Here are two scientific articles about the swine flu outbreak and vaccination program in 1976 : • Reflections on the 1976 Swine Flu Vaccination Program • Swine Influenza A Outbreak , Fort Dix , New Jersey , 1976 9 . Many young , healthy people have become sick in the United States . Many of the dead in Mexico have been young and healthy . What 's going on ? Usually we think of flu as affecting the very young and the very old . This sometimes happens with new viruses . For example , in 1918 when a new flu virus emerged , many of those stricken were young and healthy . One theory is that young people , who have strong immune systems , mount a particularly vigorous response to new viruses . But there 's a potential side effect to the response : the body releases dangerous levels of signaling proteins , called cytokines , which can damage the lungs . Scientists believe these "  cytokine storms " can be fatal . Here is a scientific article about the proposed mechanism of cytokine storms . 10 . Why are large numbers of people dying in Mexico , but not in other countries ? This is the big mystery doctors are trying to solve right now . Many infectious disease experts say it 's most likely a matter of numbers : with more illnesses in Mexico , there are also more deaths . Other explanations : that in Mexico people have , in addition to swine flu , other viruses that make for a more deadly combination than swine flu alone . It 's also possible that the virus infecting the rest of the world is a weaker version than the one in Mexico . Among the swine flu mysteries : Why only deaths in Mexico ? 11 . Could this new swine flu virus have been manufactured by bioterrorists ? That 's the theory on some conspiracy theorists ' Web sites . But experts do n't believe it . "  If you were a bioterrorist you 'd want to create something that 's a lot more deadly than this , " said Dr. Gerald Evans , an associate professor of microbiology at Queen 's University in Canada . "  The problem with influenza is that the second you put it into people , it replicates and mutates very quickly . Even if you created the perfect bioweapon , within a few generations of transmissions , it would n't do what you planned for it to do . " 12 . I get a flu shot every fall . Will that help protect me against swine flu ? "  The short answer is that the CDC says it 's very unlikely , " Schaffner said . But he said it might be possible . "  I think it 's a bit of an open question whether repeated flu shots over years would provide a measure of protection . " 13 . I was in Mexico two weeks ago . Could I have contracted swine flu , and the symptoms just have n't shown up yet ? No . The incubation period of the swine flu is one to seven days . "  If you just traveled to Mexico and you 're home and feeling well you should get on with your daily life and not worry about it , " Evans said . 14 . Can the swine flu virus live on inanimate objects ? If someone with swine flu touches a doorknob , then I touch it , could I get swine flu ? Flu viruses can live on inanimate surfaces . So theoretically , you could get swine flu from touching a doorknob that was just touched by an infected person . However , that 's pretty unlikely , according to Dr. Arthur Reingold , head of epidemiology in the School of Public Health at the University of California , Berkeley . "  I personally would not have a major fear of environmental contamination , " he said . "  Virtually all influenza is transmitted from sneezing and coughing . " Schaffner agrees , adding that flu viruses do n't survive in large numbers on surfaces . "  A doorknob is n't a warm , nourishing environment for a virus , " he said . 15 . What should I do if I develop symptoms of swine flu ? Call your doctor -- do n't just drive on over , Schaffner advised . "  Follow the instructions of your doctor . He might not want you in the waiting room spreading germs to others , " he said . CNN Medical Producer John Bonifield contributed to this report .	The emergence of the swine flu has raised many questions ; here are some answers Swine flu was first identified in 1930 when researchers isolated the virus in a pig Why people are dying in Mexico but not in other places is still a mystery While the virus can live on surfaces , transmission is unlikely
New York  CNN  -- New York City 's Board of Health voted Thursday to ban the sale of sugary drinks in containers larger than 16 ounces in restaurants and other venues , in a move meant to combat obesity and encourage residents to live healthier lifestyles . The board voted eight in favor , with one abstention . "  It 's time to face the facts : obesity is one of America 's most deadly problems , and sugary beverages are a leading cause of it , " said New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg in a statement earlier this month . "  As the size of sugary drinks has grown , so have our waistlines -- and so have diabetes and heart disease . " Bloomberg 's visionary move against obesity But the move is expected to draw further protest from the soda industry and those concerned about government involvement in their personal choices . "  What we need in New York are sensible solutions to the obesity issue that focus on a comprehensive approach to tackle an extremely complex problem , " said Eliot Hoff , a spokesman for a beverage industry-sponsored group called New Yorkers for Beverage Choices . "  New Yorkers are smart enough to decide for themselves what to eat and drink . " Critics , including McDonald 's and Coca-Cola , have assailed the ban as "  misguided " and "  arbitrary , " though Bloomberg has billed it as both a health and fiscal initiative . New York City spends an estimated $ 4 billion each year on medical care for overweight people , the mayor said in an earlier statement . Big Gulp ? Meet Big Brother One in eight New Yorkers also suffer from diabetes , a disease often linked to obesity , his office noted , calling sugary drinks "  the single largest driver of these alarming increases in obesity . " About 58 % of New York City adults are considered overweight or obese , the mayor added . In 2007 , the Bloomberg-appointed health board adopted a regulation that forced restaurants to all but eliminate the use of partially hydrogenated vegetable oils and spreads , the main sources of trans fats in the U.S. diet . Thursday 's decision is expected to take effect in six months and be enforced by the city 's regular restaurant inspection team , allowing restaurant owners nine months to adapt to the changes before facing fines . "  6 months from today , our city will be an even healthier place , " Bloomberg tweeted on Thursday . The ban would not apply to grocery stores . Forget large sodas , how about banning French fries ?	The proposal is meant to combat obesity and encourage residents to live healthier lifestyles Critics have assailed the ban as "  misguided " and "  arbitrary " New York City spends $ 4 billion a year on medical care for overweight people , mayor says One in eight New Yorkers suffer from diabetes , often linked to obesity , mayor notes
CNN  -- Mike Rowe says he did n't consciously seek a cause to support -- it found him . For eight seasons and in more than 300 episodes , the host of the Discovery Channel 's "  Dirty Jobs " met hard-working Americans doing work that no one else would do . But these were all jobs that help make the world go round . The show , inspired by Rowe 's grandfather , a plumber , aimed to celebrate the men and women in trade jobs . But in 2008 , the TV show host became in demand as a spokesman on employment issues . "  The economy went sideways , and suddenly I found myself in this weird position of being associated with hundreds of jobs in all different types of work , " says Rowe , who will host the upcoming CNN series "  Somebody 's Got ta Do It . " "  So reporters started calling me to get my opinion on things like the widening skills gap and crumbling infrastructure and currency evaluation and outsourcing and all sorts of stuff I 'm not really qualified to talk about , but because I was in that space , I had kind of an interesting perspective , and I started to say things along the line of you know I know unemployment is headline news , but everywhere I was going on ` Dirty Jobs , ' I saw help-wanted signs . " Rowe says the folks featured on his show were telling him the same thing . "  They all said how hard it was to find people who were willing to retool , retrain , learn a truly useful skill and apply it , " he says . Rowe says he realized his mission was to bring attention to this disconnect and get people talking about the skills gap . And so he created a foundation called Mike Rowe Works . "  Mike Rowe Works evolved to shine a light on a lot of jobs that for whatever reason were going unloved . Welders , steamfitters , pipe fitters . The building trades . ... And so it began as kind of a PR campaign for hard work and skilled labor , " he says . "  I challenged the fans to help build a trade resource center online , and they sent thousands of links to these apprenticeship programs and scholarships and on-the-job training opportunities . So all of that came together , that worked . " Rowe 's foundation awards what he calls "  work-ethic scholarships . " "  This is money for kids who are willing to learn a truly useful skill . Get up early , stay late , work their butts off . You know ? So Mike Rowe Works wants to reward the place where we think all success starts -- work ethic . So that 's our scholarship plan , " he says . Beyond scholarships , Rowe says he wants to take the stigma out of trade jobs and schools . He says people need to change their attitudes about what comes after high school . As a youth , his guidance counselor warned him not to waste his time on a two-year school after graduation because it was beneath his "  potential , " he says . The counselor "  went on to show me this poster . This crazy poster in his office . Two guys . A recent graduate holding his degree and looking very happy and optimistic next to a mechanic , head down , covered in grease . And the caption  said  , ` Work smart , not hard , ' " Rowe recalls . "  We 've had this false choice , you know , this idea that those careers are  for  people who really are n't cut out for college . This implicit suggestion that they 're subordinate ; well it 's not a mystery that today it 's those very careers that are lacking . You know  we  need people in those careers . That 's where the opportunities are , " he says . Rowe says attitudes toward employment and education must catch up with the times . "  We 're still saying things like work smart , not hard . Go get your four-year degree , trillion dollars in student loans , lending money we do n't have to kids who ca n't pay it back , educating them for jobs that do n't really exist anymore , it 's all twisted up . " He says he 's not against college degrees or academic approaches , but he wants people to know they are n't the only way -- all avenues should be championed that can lead to success . Rowe is out on the road on what he calls "  a PR campaign for hard work , " bringing his message to anyone who will listen . He talks with fans through social media and meets with government officials , even taking his views all the way to Capitol Hill . "  We need to promote an ethic of work . And there 's no way one guy or one company is going to be able to do it . It has to be a big hot mess -- public , private , government , NGOs and smart alecks on the TV talking about it . "	Ex - "  Dirty Jobs " host says he set up foundation to promote hard work He says public needs attitude adjustment about views on trade jobs and schools Mike Rowe Works offers what he calls "  work-ethic scholarships " "  We need to promote an ethic of work , " Rowe says
Moscow  CNN  In his first substantive comments since Kremlin critic Boris Nemtsov 's death , Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday called the killing a "  disgrace " and lashed out at what he called "  extremists " and protesters . Nemtsov had been one of Putin 's harshest critics and had been arrested several times for speaking against the President 's government . The 55-year-old opposition leader was gunned down Friday night in Moscow as he walked across a bridge about 100 meters  330 feet  from the Kremlin with his girlfriend , Ukrainian model Anna Duritskaya , 23 . His slaying spurred thousands to rally in his honor in Moscow , with many calling him a true Russian patriot at his funeral Tuesday . Nemtsov is n't the first of Putin 's critics to turn up dead , with others including Anna Politkovskaya  who was fatally shot  and Alexander Litvinenko  who was poisoned  . The Kremlin has staunchly denied accusations that it 's targeting political opponents or had anything to do with the deaths . The Russian leader has condemned Nemtsov 's killing and ordered three law enforcement agencies to investigate , the Kremlin has said . He also wrote to Nemtsov 's mother , saying he shared her grief , and promised to bring those behind the killing to justice . Yet those expressions came in Kremlin statements . Wednesday was the first day Putin spoke at length on the subject , remarks that were reported by state media outlets . Referring to "  the daring killing of Boris Nemtsov in the very heart of our capital city , " he said , "  Russia should be made secure , at last , from the disgrace and tragedies of  this  kind . " The President added , according to the official Tass news agency , "  The most serious attention should be paid to high-profile crimes , including those having political motives . " No one has been arrested in connection with Nemtsov 's death , though Russia 's Federal Security Service chief Alexander Bortnikov did say there are suspects , Tass reported . The same agency , citing Russia 's Finance Ministry , said that investigators are looking for a car that belongs to a state enterprise that provides services to that ministry . Putin did n't identify any person or group that might be directly responsible . But Wednesday he took the opportunity to lay blame generally at what he called "  color technologies , " an apparent reference to using mass street protests and overseas funding to try to overthrow a government . "  The actions of extremists are becoming more and more widespread , " the President said . "  We are running into attempts of using so-called color technologies , from organizing illegal street protests to open propaganda  expressing  hatred in social networks . " CNN 's Alla Eshchenko reported from Moscow , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Matthew Chance contributed to this report .	Opposition leader Boris Nemtsov was shot dead while walking near Kremlin with girlfriend Vladimir Putin : Russia should be safe from "  disgrace and tragedies " like Nemtsov 's killing Russian President criticizes "  extremists " for use of "  illegal street protests " and social media
HANCOCK , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Imagine climbing 276 steps to change a light bulb . That 's all in a day 's work for Rian Harford . The Zephyr wind turbine towers over Jiminy Peak Mountain Resort in Massachusetts . He 's a mountain operations mechanic at Jiminy Peak Mountain Resort . And that light bulb is n't just a regular light bulb . It belongs inside an air-traffic warning light that sits 253 feet high upon a wind turbine . Jiminy Peak , in Hancock , Massachusetts , touts itself as the first ski resort in North America to feature such a structure . The idea to build the turbine came to company president and CEO Brian Fairbank after years of struggling with the astronomical cost of making snow . "  Somebody suggested we take advantage of the wind . You use the energy the most in the winter , " Fairbank said . "  That 's when the wind blows the most . " But such a simple concept was n't so easy to execute . It took more than three years to take the idea from conception to fruition . Watch what it 's like on top of the giant turbine " Before even placing an order for a turbine , the resort had to study everything from Federal Aviation Administration regulations to the structure 's effect on airplanes , birds and endangered species . Once everything fell into place , Jiminy Peak was tasked to get 500 tons of parts and equipment up the mountain , via a two-mile-long gravel road . "  Once we got everything to the top of mountain , putting it together only took a couple days , but getting it up there was the biggest challenge , " Fairbank said . In fall 2007 , the $ 4 million project was complete . The turbine is nicknamed Zephyr , after the Greek god of the west wind . And Zephyr is n't afraid to make its presence known . The tower is more than 250 feet tall . The hub adds 10 feet , and the blades extend an additional 123 feet , creating a 386-foot green machine . Zephyr works its magic to produce about a third of Jiminy Peak 's electric needs , shaving $ 450,000 a year from the resort 's energy bill . To put that in perspective , the energy from the turbine is enough to power more than 600 homes . And Zephyr 's power does n't stop there . It has also drawn the interest of many visitors . Louise Pinho did her homework to find out how effective the wind turbine really is . "  When you read about what it 's able to do for the resort , that it can take up to 33 percent off of their bills , then you realize that there is more of a need for this , " Pinho said . "  With what 's going on right now , we have to have some alternatives to our energy sources that we have available to us . " But Pinho is n't blind to Zephyr 's visual and environmental drawbacks . Studies show that wind turbines destroy the habitat that many animals live in . Bats , which play a large role in consuming insects and pests , are an example of a species that 's most affected . According to Thomas Kunz , a biology professor at Boston University , these bats are n't necessarily being struck by the blades of a wind turbine . Their bodies are affected by a low-pressure system caused when the blades move through the air . "  They die from hemorrhaging , " Kunz says . In areas close to wind turbines , "  80 percent of the bats that we know about today are killed in that fashion . " Kunz says that specifically , migrating bats seem to be more affected , mainly during their fall migration , which lasts from late summer to early autumn . At Jiminy Peak Mountain Resort , the turbine produces electricity year round , but more than 60 percent of its output takes place in the winter months . Regardless , Fairbank is no stranger to negative feedback . Some people in the community did n't want the turbine to obstruct their view of the mountains . But he says that only a small part of the community complains . In fact , some neighbors reap Zephyr 's benefit . In the summer , when the resort 's demands are lower , Zephyr 's electricity trickles downhill to power local homes and businesses . "  So all those communities become green when we 're not using the power , " Fairbank said . And when it comes to being green , this Massachusetts resort is n't new to the game . Since 1985 , the company has implemented various environmentally friendly practices . From recycling motor oil to heat lodges to installing waterless urinals , Fairbank says , the business is always looking for ways to conserve . And that may be paying off . In a time when many businesses are closing their doors , Fairbank said , "  we 're 12 percent ahead of our best year ever . "	Jiminy Peak bills itself as first North American ski resort with wind turbine Ski resort 's turbine shaves $ 450,000 a year from energy bill Turbine produces enough power for more than 600 homes Boston professor warns that wind turbines kill bats that help ecosystem
Hong Kong  CNN  -- For the majority of people in the West banking is as easy as walking to a local branch or ATM , or logging into their account from a computer . But for millions in developing countries , even having a bank account is out of reach . In India , at least , that could be about to change . Vodafone India and ICICI Bank , India 's largest private bank , have launched M-Pesa , a mobile-based money transfer and payment service that was first established in Kenya in 2007 . The partnership , announced in a news release April 17 , claims it will give mobile-banking access to some 700 million Indian people who are currently "  unbanked " -- people with no access to conventional banking services like bank branches and ATMs . Vodafone says service will first rollout in India 's eastern regions , including Kolkata and West Bengal , with 8,300 agents . That part of India is home to about 220 million people . Service will eventually be extended across the rest of the country . The M-Pesa system -- where "  M " stands for mobile and "  pesa " is the Swahili word for money -- begins with real cash and an M-Pesa agent . A customer signs up , registers a personal mobile phone number and deposits money into the linked account at an agent store , which could be a mobile phone shop , a gas station or a supermarket . To send money , the user inputs a recipient 's mobile phone number , the amount of money to send and a security code for protection . To withdraw funds , the receiver visits an M-Pesa agent and requests a withdrawal through his or her mobile phone . Both the receiver and the M-Pesa agent then receive a confirmation for withdrawal , which instructs the agent to give the customer cash . Bills can be paid and mobile talk time can also be bought through the platform . "  For millions of people in India , a mobile phone is a bank account , a front door to a micro-business or a lifeline to people in the remotest areas , " said Marten Pieters , Managing Director and CEO of Vodafone India . "  Research shows that M-Pesa brings real benefits to users in their daily lives , saving three hours a week of their time and around $ 3 in money transfer costs -- a significant amount to people in some areas . " Greater cell phone penetration also brings greater economic benefit to local economies , often far removed from urban centers in large developing countries . A 2006 University of Michigan study found that every 10 % increase in cell phone penetration grows the local economy by 0.6 % . In 2011 , India alone added 142 million new mobile phone subscriptions -- twice as many as in the whole of Africa , and more than in Europe , the Middle East and the former Soviet republics combined , according to the International Telecommunication Union  ITU  in a June 2012 report . Between 2000 and 2011 , India recorded an enormous boom in cell phone subscriptions -- growing from just 3.5 million to more than 893 million . In that same time , China saw mobile phone subscriptions increase more than ten-fold to more than 986 million subscriptions . The United States saw growth of just 87 % over the same dozen years to 290 million , says the ITU .	Vodafone India announced launch of M-Pesa , a mobile phone based banking service M-Pesa was first established in Kenya in 2007 as a way to transfer money and pay bills Vodafone says 700mn Indians are "  unbanked " , with no access to traditional bank services In 2011 , India had 986mn mobile phone subscriptions , second largest after China
CNN  -- Fifty years ago , Jay Ward 's animated moose and squirrel duo , "  Rocky & Bullwinkle , " debuted on ABC , forever changing the way the world looked at animated television . His daughter , Tiffany Ward , continues her father 's legacy as executive producer of the feature films "  The Adventures of Rocky & Bullwinkle , "  Dudley Do-Right " and "  George of the Jungle , " and Cartoon Network 's  sister channel to CNN  new "  George of the Jungle " animated TV series . "  My dad was a true eccentric , " Ward said . "  His studio was a wonderland for me . It had a soda fountain , ice cream sundaes , a snow cone machine , a popcorn maker and candy bars everywhere . " Tiffany Ward grew up in Berkeley , California , and did n't move to Hollywood until 1959 at age 13 when her dad set up his television studio . "  Dad was always doing fun things , " Ward said , recalling a 1961 Sunset Boulevard block party her father hosted to promote "  The Bullwinkle Show . " The show was originally named "  Rocky and his Friends , " but was renamed "  The Bullwinkle Show " when the program went from ABC to NBC . Ward was a one-man public relations machine , churning out first-rate promos in the days before PR companies were entrenched in the system . In another promotional stunt , Jay Ward tried to buy an island between Minnesota and Canada that he named Moosylvania  he leased it instead  . In efforts to have Moosylvania made into the 51st state , Ward traveled cross-country by bus , collecting signatures along the way . When Ward reached the White House gates , he asked to speak to President John F. Kennedy about statehood for Moosylvania , but guards brusquely turned him away . As it turned out , Kennedy was dealing with the Cuban Missile Crisis on that exact day . Jay Ward did not have a favorite character , his daughter said , because to him it would have been like selecting a favorite child  Incidentally , Ward had three kids  . Of all the characters he created , Ward did n't have a favorite per se , but Tiffany Ward does recall his partiality to Dudley Do-Right , the slow but well-meaning Canadian Mountie . When asked about "  Rocky & Bullwinkle 's " everlasting appeal , Ward said she thinks it struck such a chord and remains popular today because her father never wrote for children , he wrote for adults . Jay Ward wanted kids to enjoy the pictures while grown-ups laughed at the quick wit and inside jokes . In one episode , Rocky and Bullwinkle are propelled to the moon when their oven explodes while the pair are following Bullwinkle 's grandmother 's recipe for mooseberry fudge cake . Fun for kids for obvious reasons , but adults certainly got a chuckle when the moose griped about still having to make payments on the oven . Bullwinkle also mentions having graduated from MIT -- the Moose Institute of Toe-Dancing , that is . Furthermore , Mr. Peabody the dog , a Harvard graduate , lives in a Manhattan penthouse , practices yoga and has an adopted son , because as he puts it : "  Every dog should have a boy . " Peabody chooses an orphan because he "  always roots for the underboy . " It 's these little jokes that set the show apart from typical children 's programming of its time . Today those jokes may not have us rolling on the floor laughing  or ROTFL , as the kids say  , but they were the 1960s equivalent of Stewie 's reaction to being rejected by "  American Idol " on "  Family Guy . " The 50th anniversary of "  Rocky and Bullwinkle " also means that spy duo Boris & Natasha , Mr. Peabody & Sherman and the Fractured Fairytales are celebrating birthdays as well . Fractured Fairytales offered a skewed take on traditional children 's stories . The moral was the same , but modern , funny dialogue was tossed in with slapstick humor . Rapunzel , for example , visits a barber shop and laments about having "  no future . " "  Incredible writing is the reason the show resonates to this day , " Ward said . Today , cartoons are more popular than ever . There are cable networks devoted to animation , and it is commonplace for cartoons to be written specifically for adults . Fox 's Sunday night animation domination block featuring "  The Simpsons " and "  Family Guy " comes to mind . "  Rocky & Bullwinkle " was among the first animated series to hit prime time television . Matt Groening even paid special homage to Jay Ward when he created "  The Simpsons " by giving Bart , Homer and Grandpa Simpson the middle initial "  J , " as in Rocky 's full name : Rocket J. Squirrel . Tiffany Ward said she is thrilled there 's such a wide array of animation available to viewers today , especially since in her father 's era it was difficult to even get airtime for the genre . New projects are always coming the duo 's way , and an animated Dreamworks feature film is in development .	50 years ago , Jay Ward 's "  Rocky & Bullwinkle " debuted on ABC Ward 's daughter Tiffany Ward continues the legacy with "  Rocky & Bullwinkle " films Jay Ward 's pictures appealed to kids , but show was written with adults in mind
