CNN  -- A person infected with an active case of tuberculosis flew aboard a commercial passenger jet last week , despite the person 's presence on a "  do-not-board " list maintained by federal health authorities , officials said Tuesday . The patient , who has not been identified publicly , flew Saturday aboard US Airways Flight 401 from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , to San Francisco , California , airline spokesman Morgan Durrant told CNN . An investigation involving US Airways , the Transportation Safety Administration  TSA  and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is under way , he said . The CDC gives the do-not-board list to the Department of Health and Human Services  DHS  , which notifies TSA . It in turn notifies the individual airlines , according to a U.S. government official who asked not to be identified . In this case , the official said , the government notified the airline at 10 p.m. Friday , more than 14 hours before the passenger checked in for the flight , which departed at noon Saturday . "  When DHS was provided the do-not-board information from CDC , TSA quickly followed proper protocol and made this information available to airlines , " TSA spokeswoman Kristin Lee told CNN . The CDC told USAirways that there is little to no risk that another passenger would contract the disease on a flight of fewer than eight hours , Durrant said . Because the flight lasted less than six hours , the airline has not tried to contact any of the other passengers , he said . The person was stopped in San Francisco after trying to board another flight for a location outside the country , said Dr. Martin Cetron , CDC 's director for global migration and quarantine . "  We do n't think anyone with active tuberculosis should get on a plane , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . Cetron said the patient has a contagious form of tuberculosis but he would not divulge whether it is a multiple-drug-resistant strain of the bacteria , which can prove fatal . The patient is being treated for the disease , the doctor said . Despite the fact that the person boarded the Philadelphia-San Francisco leg of his planned trip , "  I think the public health side of this equation functioned , " Cetron said . He noted that the person 's name was put on a do-not-board list in a timely way and that the person was intercepted in San Francisco . Still , he acknowledged , it could have gone better . "  If everything is working smoothly , the hope is that he would never get onto the flight in Philadelphia , " he said . It is not the first time the list has failed to keep a passenger with contagious tuberculosis off a jetliner in the roughly 30 months of its existence , he said . "  There are a few others , but it 's exceedingly uncommon , " he said , citing "  a handful of other incidents . " He added , "  Every time it does n't work , it 's unfortunate and it 's investigated ... There are all sorts of reasons why things may not work exactly as planned . " The list was created in June 2007 after Atlanta , Georgia , lawyer Andrew Speaker traveled abroad with a drug-resistant case of tuberculosis . He set off an international health scare by flying to Europe . and then Canada , before driving back to the United States . He insisted he had not been told he was contagious ; public health officials disagreed . Since its creation , the list has held 88 names of people with contagious disease who represent a threat to public health and have shown evidence of intending to fly , Cetron told CNN . Seventy-six of the names have been removed , he said . He underscored that the do-not-board list differs from the do-not-fly list maintained by the Department of Homeland Security . "  There are separate procedures and processes , " he said . Tuberculosis , one of nine diseases that can get a person on the list , has accounted for most of the cases on the list . Other diseases include viral hemorrhagic fever and SARS .	Person with active case of TB was on federal "  do not board " list Patient was on US Airways Flight 401 from Philadelphia to San Francisco Patient , not publicly identified , was stopped from leaving country in California CDC : Little to no risk that another passenger would contract the disease on this flight
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama vowed Wednesday that Jerusalem must "  remain the capital of Israel , and it must remain undivided . " "  Any agreement with the Palestinian people must preserve Israel 's identity as a Jewish state , with secure , recognized and defensible borders , " the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee said at the annual conference of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , an influential pro-Israel lobbying group . "  Jerusalem will remain the capital of Israel , and it must remain undivided , " Obama said . The Palestinians also want Jerusalem to be the capital of their own country . United States policy has long been intentionally vague on the status of Jerusalem . The U.S. Embassy in Israel is in Tel Aviv , not Jerusalem . Obama opened his speech to AIPAC by paying tribute to his rival , Sen. Hillary Clinton , calling her an extraordinary public servant who had made history alongside him in their 16-month race for the party 's presidential nomination . Watch more of Obama 's AIPAC speech " Obama clinched the nomination Tuesday night , but Clinton did not admit defeat in her speech after the polls closed . Obama called Iran the greatest threat in the Middle East , but reiterated his willingness to meet with the Islamic state 's leaders under appropriate conditions . "  Contrary to the claims of some , I have no interest in sitting down with our adversaries just for the sake of talking . But as president of the United States , I would be willing to lead tough and principled diplomacy with the appropriate Iranian leader at a time and place of my choosing -- if , and only if it can advance the interests of the United States , " Obama said . John McCain , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , has repeatedly criticized Obama for saying he would be willing to meet with the leaders of hostile nations . Obama , for his part , blasted McCain 's Iraq policy . "  Sen. McCain offers a false choice : Stay the course in Iraq , or cede the region to Iran . I reject this logic because there is a better way . Keeping all of our troops tied down indefinitely in Iraq is not the way to weaken Iran -- it is precisely what has strengthened it , " Obama said . But the Democrat denied he would pull U.S. troops out of Iraq without taking into account conditions on the ground , as McCain has charged . "  I have proposed a responsible , phased redeployment of our troops from Iraq . We will get out as carefully as we were careless getting in . We will finally pressure Iraq 's leaders to take meaningful responsibility for their own future , " he said . Clinton spoke immediately after Obama at the conference and praised him , saying he would be a friend to Israel . Though Clinton has yet to concede the Democratic race and spoke Wednesday of what she would do as president , she told AIPAC that Obama "  understands what is at stake here . " "  It has been an honor to contest these primaries with him . It is an honor to call him my friend . And let me be very clear : I know that Sen. Obama will be a good friend to Israel , " the New York senator and former first lady said . Watch more of Clinton 's speech " Some Clinton supporters have begun to campaign for Obama to choose Clinton as his running mate , but the two campaigns deny that discussions on the subject have begun . Obama also directly addressed accusations that have been circulating by e-mail . "  I want to say that I know some provocative e-mails have been circulating throughout Jewish communities across the country , " Obama said . "  They 're filled with tall tales and dire warnings about a certain candidate for president . And all I want to say is -- let me know if you see this guy named Barack Obama , because he sounds pretty scary . " Rumors have been circulating at least since last year that Obama is a Muslim and does not support the Jewish state . He is a Christian and said at the conference he is a "  true friend of Israel , " earning applause . In his AIPAC speech , Obama also clarified a story he told last month that prompted a barrage of criticism from Republicans . "  My great uncle had been a part of the 89th Infantry Division -- the first Americans to reach a Nazi concentration camp . They liberated Ohrdruf , part of Buchenwald , on an April day in 1945 , " Obama said . Last month , he said an uncle had helped liberate the Auschwitz concentration camp , which was in fact liberated by the Soviet army .	NEW : Sen. Clinton to AIPAC : Obama would be a "  good friend to Israel " Sen. Obama also addresses AIPAC , a pro-Israel group He talks about rumors that he is Muslim and does n't support the Jewish state Obama opens the speech by paying tribute to his rival , Clinton
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama on Tuesday vowed to invest the resources needed to address the threat posed by drug traffickers in Mexico . A police convoy moves in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , last month , across the U.S. border from El Paso , Texas . "  We are going to continue to monitor the situation , and if the steps we have taken do not get the job done , then we will do more , " he told reporters Tuesday night . He praised the efforts of Mexican President Felipe Calderon to counter drug cartels , which "  have gotten completely out of hand , " but said the United States must take further steps , such as ensuring that illegal guns and cash do not flow from north of the Rio Grande to the cartels in Mexico . "  That 's what makes them so dangerous , " he said . Obama 's remarks came hours after Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano announced that the United States is sending hundreds of federal agents and crime-fighting equipment to the border . The renewed push for stronger law-enforcement presence along the border comes as the administration tries to help the Mexican government break up drug cartels blamed for killing some 6,500 people in Mexico last year , Napolitano said . "  Our role is to assist in this battle because we have our own security interests in its success , " Napolitano said at the White House . In an interview with CNN later Tuesday , she said , "  It 's all about border safety and security and making sure that spillover violence does not erupt in our own country . " The new federal plan , developed by the departments of Justice and Homeland Security , calls for doubling the number of border security task force teams and moving a significant number of other federal agents , equipment and resources to the border . It also involves greater intelligence sharing aimed at cracking down on the flow of money and weapons into Mexico that helps fuel the drug trade , senior administration officials said . The plan commits $ 700 million to bolster Mexican law enforcement and crime prevention efforts . The funds will provide , among other things , five new helicopters to increase mobility for the Mexican army and air force as well as new surveillance aircraft for the Mexican navy . The funds also will support enhanced communications technology for Mexican prosecutors , law enforcement and immigration officials . The $ 700 million allocation , meant to assist what administration officials described as an "  anti-smuggling effort , " will complement ongoing U.S. aid to Mexico under the Merida initiative : a three-year , $ 1.4 billion package aimed at helping Mexico fight the drug cartels with law enforcement training , military equipment and improved intelligence cooperation . The money was allocated last year , but Tuesday 's announcement brought the first details of how some of that money will be spent . On the U.S. side of the border , more funding will support "  prosecutor-led , intelligence-based task forces " that bring together the Department of Justice , the Department of Homeland Security and other agencies to dismantle drug cartels through investigation and extradition and the seizure and forfeiture of assets , Deputy Attorney General David Ogden said . "  As we 've found with other large criminal groups , if you take their money and lock up their leaders , you can loosen their grip on the vast organizations that are used to carry out their criminal activities . " To help strengthen the U.S. side of the border further , the administration also plans to triple the number of Department of Homeland Security intelligence analysts dedicated to stopping Mexican-related violence . It also will increase the number of immigration officials working in Mexico , double the number of "  violent criminal alien " teams on the border , strengthen the presence of border canine units and quadruple the number of border liaison officers working with Mexican law enforcement . It also will make an additional $ 59 million in federal funds available to support state , local and tribal border law enforcement operations . At the same time , more agents from the FBI , Drug Enforcement Administration and Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms and Explosives will be deployed to the border region . The agents will be given updated equipment and surveillance technology to help track the movement of cash , drugs and weapons . At a congressional hearing in Washington on Tuesday , Phoenix , Arizona , Mayor Phil Gordon called the administration 's initiative "  a great first step , " but added , "  it 's a drop in the bucket in terms of what is needed . " Phoenix finds itself at the center of a "  perfect storm " of drug runners and human smugglers , he said . While most traditional crimes are down , crimes such as drug-related kidnappings and torturing are overwhelming Gordon 's police department . "  Most nights we have over 60 Phoenix police officers  and  some federal agents rushing to rescue those on a reactive basis , " Gordon said . Texas Gov. Rick Perry has also sought additional help for his state . Last month , Perry said he asked Napolitano for aviation assistance and "  1,000 more troops that we can commit to different parts of the border . " Perry said it did n't matter to him what kind of troops came . "  As long as they are boots on the ground that are properly trained to deal with the border region , I do n't care whether they are military troops , or National Guard troops or whether they are customs agents . " Last week , a Perry spokeswoman said that federal border protection had been underfunded for some time and that the 1,000 extra troops Perry requested would fill in gaps that state and local agencies have been covering . The announcement comes shortly ahead of planned trips by three Cabinet secretaries to Mexico before Obama visits there next month . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton goes to Mexico City this week , to be followed next week by Napolitano and Attorney General Eric Holder . Watch as the plan is unveiled ahead of Clinton 's visit to Mexico " Napolitano and Deputy Secretary of State Jim Steinberg both emphasized the cooperation and "  courage " of Calderon during the news conference announcing the policy changes . Calderon has been pushing back against U.S. criticism of drug cartel-related violence lately , arguing that the U.S. needs to take more responsibility for the outbreaks . In his speeches and other public remarks , Calderon repeatedly has pointed out that much of the demand for drugs and most of the weapons used by narco-traffickers comes from the United States . A prominent Washington-based gun control advocacy group released a report Tuesday backing Calderon 's assertions regarding weapons trafficking . The report from the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence asserts that Mexican drug gangs have exploited weak American gun laws and corrupt gun dealers "  to amass arsenals of high-powered guns that have killed thousands and pose an increasingly grave security threat to Mexico and the U.S. , " according to a statement from the organization . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama says plan seeks to halt weapons from entering Mexico from U.S. Homeland security chief says plan tries to prevent "  spillover violence " in U.S. More federal agents , equipment and resources to be moved to Mexican border Gun control advocacy group says Mexican drug gangs exploit weak U.S. gun laws
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Conservative candidate Park Geun-hye claimed victory Wednesday in South Korea 's presidential election , a result that will make her the country 's first woman president . Addressing crowds in Seoul 's central Gwanghwamun Square , Park said her win was a victory for the people . "  I will be the president of the nation who keeps pledges , " she said . "  This is considered a victory for people who want to overcome crisis and revive the economy . I will never forget the will of the people who believed in me wherever I went during the election campaign . "  I will start an era of happiness in the nation . " Her rival , liberal candidate Moon Jae-in of the Democratic United Party , conceded victory , according to South Korean network YTN . South Korea 's outgoing President Lee Myung-bak congratulated Park on her win , which comes at a time of rising economic anxiety for the nation . The result has not yet been confirmed by the country 's National Election Commission . But Park was leading with 51.66 % of the vote , to 47.91 % for her rival Moon , with more than 94 % of the vote counted , election officials said . Read more : Pocket , not rocket , worries Koreans The three major broadcasters in South Korea all projected a win for Park , the 60-year-old daughter of a former dictator who heads the governing conservative Saenuri party . U.S. President Barack Obama sent a message of congratulations to Park on Wednesday . "  I look forward to working closely with the Park Administration to further enhance our extensive cooperation with the Republic of Korea on a wide range of important bilateral , regional and global issues , " he said . "  The U.S.-ROK alliance serves as a lynchpin of peace and security in the Asia Pacific , and our two nations share a global partnership with deep economic , security , and people-to-people ties . " Obama also praised Lee for what he said the outgoing leader "  has done to strengthen U.S.-ROK relations and promote a Global Korea . " Read more : Ghosts of past presidents loom over South Korea 's election Park will assume office in February 2013 , in a country grappling with income inequality , angst over education and employment prospects for its youth , and strained relations with North Korea . South Korea is also a strategic Western ally and the fourth-largest economy in Asia . "  I hope the next president can put what the people want and how the country can develop before the interests of their own party , " said Yong Sung-hwa , who voted in the morning . As in many other elections around the world , the economy is the No. 1 issue for South Korean voters . Though the Asian country has fared far better than other countries , including the United States , during the economic crisis , its export-led economy has still felt the pinch . Read more : South Korea 's election paradox "  This country depends on the world 's economy , " said Jong Kun Choi , associate professor in the department of political science and international studies at Yonsei University in Seoul . "  Eighty-nine percent of our GDP comes from the international trade . " The election appeared to be a showdown of generations . Park enjoys broad support from older Koreans in their 50s and 60s , while Moon has strong support from younger Koreans . In a survey conducted by the National Election Commission , 80 % of the respondents said they would vote , despite frigid weather . Lee , the outgoing president , could not run for re-election , as it is prohibited by Korea 's constitution . He will leave office next year dogged by low approval ratings , an impasse with North Korea , and corruption scandals involving his family and inner circle . The Korean presidency has not enjoyed a sterling reputation . Park and Moon also bring baggage from the past . Park is the daughter of former President Park Chung-hee , whose legacy left the Korean public divided . Some claim he was a dictator who ignored human rights and cracked down on dissent , while others credit him with bringing economic development to South Korea . Her father 's assassination in 1979 ended his 16 years of rule . Moon is a former human rights activist who was imprisoned in the 1970s for protesting Park 's father 's regime . He is also a former special forces commando and holds a black belt in judo . Like Park , he carries divisive associations with the past . He was chief of staff for the late President Roh Moo-hyun , who was in office from 2003 to 2008 . Roh committed suicide in 2009 amid an investigation into a bribery scandal . Throughout the campaign , Moon portrayed himself as the down-to-earth choice , calling for welfare reform and economic democracy . Both candidates pledged reforms including engagement with North Korea , reining in the country 's big conglomerates -- like Samsung and Hyundai -- support for small and medium-sized businesses and more social spending , although their proposed methods differ . Read more : South Korea : A presidential election primer "  I 'm concerned about homeland security , foreign policy and the economy , " voter Lee Dong-hoon said . "  Among those , the economy is the most important . We need to raise the number of the middle class . " The election comes at a time of sluggish growth and increasing poverty . In October , the Bank of Korea , the nation 's central bank , lowered its growth forecast for next year to 2.4 % from its previous prediction of 3 % . Since 2006 , the number of residents living in relative poverty has jumped 10 % . Almost one-fifth of the population earns less than half the national average income , according to Statistics Korea , a government agency . Nowhere in the country is the gap between rich and poor more stark than Guryong village , part of the exclusive Gangnam district of Seoul , made famous by the viral "  Gangnam Style " song by rapper PSY . Lee Ha-soong , 80 , has lived in the neighborhood for 30 years . Her home is a patchwork of wood and corrugated iron , sandwiched between other improvised cabins . In heavy rain or snow , she is forced to stay with neighbors as her 5-square-meter home floods . After seeing presidents come and go , Lee is unimpressed by their promises . "  Every election and every Christmas , politicians come and ask me , ` How are you , Grandma ? How can we help ? ' It 's always the same questions . I tell them , ` If you ca n't change anything , why are you asking such useless questions ? ' " Despite plans to raze the shacks and build low-income apartments for these residents , Lee is unconvinced that change will happen . Less than a kilometer away from her shack , high-rise apartments stretch into the sky . The cheapest apartment in these buildings cost a cool $ 1.2 million in an area known as the Beverly Hills of Seoul . CNN 's Soo Bin Park and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : President Barack Obama congratulates Park Geun-hye , praises outgoing leader Park says her win is a victory for South Koreans ; outgoing president also congratulates her Rival Moon Jae-in concedes victory to Park , broadcaster YTN reports South Korea is a strategic Western ally and Asia 's fourth-largest economy
New Haven , Connecticut  CNN  -- On Tuesday , asteroid 2005 YU55 is scheduled to pass near Earth , slightly closer than the moon . If you 've seen the "  Asteroid "  1997  or "  Deep Impact "  1998  movies , you know why people pay attention to what NASA calls "  potentially hazardous objects " : A large asteroid hitting the Earth could cause global catastrophe . YU55 will not hit the Earth anytime soon , certainly not in the next 100 years , according to NASA 's Near Earth Object Program . Still , collisions of space rocks with the Earth must have happened many times over its 4.5 billion year history because the surface of the moon , our near sibling , is pitted with crater impacts left undisturbed by earthly weather , volcanoes , erosion or vegetation . Follow space and science news on Light Years David Rabinowitz , a planetary scientist at Yale , estimates that asteroids the size of YU55 come this close to the Earth about once every 100 years , and one this large hits the Earth only every few 100,000 years . 2005 YU55  its name derives from the year and month in which it was found  is big compared to you and me but moderately sized for an asteroid , about 400 meters across  four football fields  , and very small compared to the Earth or the moon . Let 's try a size analogy : If the Earth were a medium-sized house , the moon would be a large car about half a mile away  nine football fields  . The asteroid would be a tiny pencil point dot  like the thinnest lead you can buy for a mechanical pencil  that never gets closer to the Earth-house than about seven football fields away . This is much smaller than the asteroid reputed to have killed the dinosaurs and created the Chicxulub crater near the Yucatan . That asteroid was probably 25 times bigger across and more than 15,000 times bigger in volume . It was still small compared to the Earth or the moon -- about the size of your pinky fingernail in the house-car-pencil point analogy -- but big enough to wreak the global havoc of mass extinction . Fortunately , large asteroids like the dinosaur-killing one 65 million years ago are very rare , so the chance of an impact from such an asteroid is quite small . In the late 1990s , NASA started a census of large asteroids -- larger than about 1000 meters  10 football fields  across . That census is about 90 % complete , with some 900 known large asteroids and fewer than 100 not yet accounted for . None of the known asteroids is currently on a collision path with the Earth . Smaller asteroids are much more numerous , so even though they do n't individually cause as much damage , they are more likely to impact the Earth . The chance of serious harm to the Earth depends on these two competing factors : how many and how big . The danger , as in the Goldilocks story , comes from the middle , from asteroids small enough to be plentiful yet big enough to do damage . YU55 is that "  just right " size . A similar asteroid hitting Earth could seriously damage a city or cause a tsunami . If a large asteroid were found to be heading toward Earth , scientists and engineers have ideas about how to deflect it , perhaps using gravity or explosives . The farther away the asteroid , the smaller the change needed in its trajectory , and thus the easier it would be to avoid a collision . Recent results from NASA 's WISE infrared satellite suggest there are 20,000 space rocks with diameters between 100 meters and 1,000 meters . Tracking these down will not be easy . It 's "  like trying to detect a candle at the distance from the moon , " Lindley Johnson , WISE project scientist , said in a press conference last month . Nine years ago , NASA asked a team of scientists to make recommendations about how a census of smaller asteroids could be done . Their report , issued in 2003 , estimated there are roughly 500,000 near-Earth objects with diameters of 50 to 100 meters  comparable to one football field  , with an estimated impact frequency of one every thousand years . Scientists think the famous Tunguska event of 1908 , an enormous explosion that flattened 80 million trees over 830 square miles  2/3 the size of Rhode Island  in Russia , was caused by an impact from an asteroid or meteorite about 50 to 100 meters in diameter . The force of this explosion was roughly 1,000 times larger than the nuclear bomb dropped on Hiroshima . The 2003 study recommended NASA search for potentially hazardous objects larger than about 140 meters across , or about 1/3 the size  1/9 the weight  of YU55 . Looking for smaller objects would be prohibitively expensive and would not result in a large gain in overall safety . However , stopping at 1,000 meters -- for which the present census is reasonably complete -- was deemed insufficient to protect the planet . Searching for near-Earth asteroids can be done with telescopes on the ground and in space , observing at optical and infrared wavelengths  like WISE  . In recent years , Congress has provided some funding for two sky-watching projects , Pan-STARRS  the first telescope has been deployed  and LSST  so far , in the design phase  . Scientists know there is far more to asteroids than danger ; they are the material out of which the inner rocky planets in our solar system  Earth , Mars , Mercury , Venus  formed . Understanding the composition of asteroids , as well as their size distribution and shapes , yields important information that theories of planet formation have to explain . YU55 is thought to be very black , as if it were made of carbon , like charcoal . Because it is passing relatively nearby , the next few days will provide a gold mine of data for scientists . For them , especially , the porridge is not too hot , not too cold , but just right . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Meg Urry .	A midsized asteroid will pass by Earth on Tuesday Meg Urry : No need to worry about this one , but risk of asteroid collision is real She says asteroids have collided with Earth and moon , sometimes disastrously Urry : Next few days will provide a gold mine of information for scientists
CNN  -- The two Australian radio personalities who made the prank phone call to a British hospital caring for the pregnant Duchess of Cambridge made tearful apologies Monday for making the call , which may have led to the suicide of a nurse who spoke to the pair . Mel Greig and Michael Christian , both crying at times , told two Australian television shows Monday that their thoughts are with the family of Jacintha Saldanha , the 46-year-old nurse who put the prank call through to the ward where the duchess was . Saldanha apparently committed suicide Friday . "  I 'm very sorry and saddened for the family , and I ca n't imagine what they 've been going through , " Greig said on the program "  Today Tonight . " Christian described himself as "  gutted , shattered and heartbroken . " "  For the part we played , we 're incredibly sorry , " Christian said on "  Today Tonight . " The pair said the idea for the call came out of a production meeting before their 2DayFM show , the idea being to capitalize on what was the hottest topic in the news , Catherine 's pregnancy . The prank has drawn public outrage , which has snowballed since the nurse 's death . "  This death is on your conscience , " reads one post on 2DayFM 's Facebook page . Several posters accused Greig and Christian of having "  blood on your hands . " But in their interviews Monday , both stressed that while they made the call to King Edward VII Hospital , they did not have a say on whether it went to air . The call was recorded and then went through a vetting process at their network , Southern Cross Austereo , before it was broadcast , they said . "  This was put through every filter that everything is put through before it makes it to air , " Christian said in an interview with the program "  A Current Affair . " But Christian said he did not know what that vetting process entailed . "  I 'm certainly not aware of what filters it needs to pass through , " he said . "  Our role is just to record and get the audio , " Christian said . Greig and Christian said they never expected the prank call to be successful . Death casts glare on ` shock jocks ' Posing as Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles , the pair said they thought their bad accents would give them away and whoever answered the phone at the hospital would hang up on them . "  We wanted to be hung up on with our silly voices , " Greig said . "  We assumed that we 'd be hung up on , and that would be that , " Christian said . But they were put through to the duchess 's ward and given some details of her medical condition . "  It was never meant to go that far . It was meant to be a silly little prank that so many people have done before , " Greig said . It was Saldanha who put the call through . "  If we played any involvement in her death , then we 're very sorry for that , " said Greig , who described how she found out about Saldana 's apparent suicide . "  It 's the worst phone call I 've had in my life , " she said , fighting tears . "  There 's not a minute that goes by that we do n't think about her family and what they must be going through , and the thought that we may have played a part in that is gut-wrenching , " Greig said . The pair have been taken off the air by their network , which has not said when they might return . "  I do n't even want to think about going back on air , to be honest , " Greig said . "  I 'm still trying to make sense of it all , " Christian said . "  We 're shattered . We 're people , too . " Greig said she 'd willingly face Saldanha 's family if it would help bring them closure . "  If that 's gon na make them feel better , then I 'll do what I have to do , " she said . "  I 've thought about this a million times in my head , that I 've wanted to just reach out to them and just give them a big hug and say sorry , " Greig said . "  I hope they 're OK , I really do . "	Michael Christian says he 's "  gutted , shattered and heartbroken " It 's "  gut-wrenching " that the prank apparently led to a nurse 's suicide , Mel Greig said The pair says the decision to air the recorded prank call was not theirs
London  CNN  -- Is a third term of Angela Merkel as German chancellor good for Europe ? Angela Merkel has emerged from the weekend 's elections with the Christian Democratic Union 's biggest vote for 20 years . She now has a strong mandate to form a government in which she would serve as chancellor . The CDU is now likely to negotiate a "  grand coalition " with the Social Democratic Party after the pro-business Free Democrats , Merkel 's previous coalition partner , failed to pass the 5 % threshold for getting into parliament . Merkel 's return gives the country consistent leadership during a time in which the future of the euro has come under question , amid the economic problems of its laggard members . While Germany has emerged from the crisis with its economy relatively intact , nations such as Greece have entered deep recessions while unemployment has soared . READ MORE : Europe 's Mrs Nein In this context , a healthy Germany is regarded as a help rather than hindrance for Europe . The markets welcomed Merkel 's re-election and the expectation it will provide a steady approach to the financial crisis . Europe has begun to show signs of recovery , and disruption would not be welcome . But Merkel does face challenges . A grand coalition will require her to make concessions that may impact her plans . In 2005 it took almost a month to negotiate a coalition -- so there could be weeks of uncertainty in European markets before the government is actually formed . Will there be more bailouts under a Merkel coalition ? Germany and Greece have both acknowledged the latter will require further financial assistance . The IMF-led bailout for Greece is due to expire next year , leaving the nation with a financial shortfall of around 14 billion euros . Greece , which has already received two bailouts , may find itself facing more conditions as it seeks a third round of aid from its European peers . Portugal , which has been bailed out once , is expected to face problems if it attempts to return to the bond markets . As a result , bailouts and haircuts are likely to remain on the agenda for Merkel 's third term even as the eurozone enters a recovery phase . IN PHOTOS : Rising to the top The nascent pan-eurozone banking union and other pillars of Europe 's rescue package -- like the legal use of the ECB 's pledge to support ailing nations through "  outright monetary transactions " -- are other issues that will need to be settled . Merkel 's strengthened mandate could also mean a stronger position on fiscal restraint and austerity across Europe . Merkel is convinced , in the longer term , healthier balance sheets will leave the region better off -- but in the short term it may mean more cuts . What about the euroskeptics vote ? Germany 's euroskeptic party Alternative for Germany -- which is opposed to the single currency and wants the country to exit the eurozone -- did not get past the 5 % threshold required to usher it into the Bundestag , or lower house of Germany 's parliament . It did , however , gain 4.5 % of the vote . So , while major anti-euro policy plays are out , noise will increase around Germany 's role in Europe , and any benefits it gets from being in the single currency . How will a third term of Merkel influence the German economy ? Merkel 's stewardship of the German economy has been good for the country , but not for all of its citizens . Since she was first elected in 2005 , Merkel has steered a steady course , shielding German output from the worst of the financial crisis . This is reflected in upbeat readings for business confidence and a 75 % appreciation for the Xetra Dax , the nation 's main bluechip stock index . While unemployment soared in the eurozone and in the U.S. after 2008 , Germany 's jobless tally decreased . READ MORE : How Merkel become more American Economists have also argued Germany 's exports benefit greatly from being priced in a currency that is much weaker than the Deutsche Mark would otherwise have been . However , large numbers of people are reliant on low-paid "  mini-jobs " which leave them struggling to make ends meet . The Social Democrats are calling for a national minimum wage to combat the problem of the "  working poor . " The OECD warned recently that the gap between rich and poor in Germany was wider than in any of the group 's member states , which include the U.S. and Mexico . How did Merkel survive while the rest fell ? As only the third person in post-war times to win three terms in office -- joining Helmut Kohl and Konrad Adenauer -- Merkel has cemented her place in the history books . She is now positioned to topple Margaret Thatcher from the top spot as most powerful female politician of all time . Her style has been bred from her upbringing under communist rule in East Germany . The ever-present secret police -- the Stasi -- taught her the importance of discretion and knowing when to speak up or not . Her background in the sciences fed her analytical mind , and she is methodical and logical in solving problems . READ MORE : Is Germany playing beggar-my neighbor ? There are no frivolities or bouts of superfluous charisma for "  Mutti " or "  Mummy " Merkel , as she is called in Germany . Merkel has risen to the top quietly , almost modestly . It has made her one of the most popular -- if plain -- politicians Germany has known since WW II . Merkel has been careful to keep her famously steely resolve and intransigence for Brussels , to defend Germany 's interests . And for this she has been rewarded . As the eurozone 's existential crisis claimed the scalps of the region 's more boisterous leaders , like France 's Nicolas Sarkozy , Italy 's Silvio Berlusconi and Spain 's Jose Rodriguez Zapatero , the queen of consistency outrode them all .	Angela Merkel has made big gains in Germany 's election , and has a mandate to form a government Her return signals a consistent approach to the eurozone 's crisis control A strengthened mandate means she may insist on more cuts as some euro nations struggle While the crisis has claimed the scalps of more boisterous leaders , Merkel 's consistency has kept her in power
CNN  -- The streets of Manila can be an unforgiving place for the city 's taxi and public transport drivers . Chronic traffic jams and badly maintained roads are part of the daily grind but add in the possibility of floods during the annual typhoon season and a strong constitution is needed . But Josefina Barandon does n't mind , and as one of the city 's few female drivers will happily take to the streets in her electric jeepney as long as she is able to , come rain or shine . Barandon is one of three women driving Manila 's 20-strong fleet of electric public vehicles that ply the streets of Makati , the capital 's central business district . If her vehicle is a rare sight among the traditional diesel-spewing jeepneys on the roads , even rarer is seeing a woman behind the wheel of a vehicle of any description . "  All our passengers are happy if they see women drivers because they think the lady drivers are honest , " says Barandon . "  Our jeepneys are better taken care of , we clean our own and decorate them at our own expense . " Barandon was a taxi operator and then driver before switching from her petrol-powered cab to an electric jeepney in March . It was her good fortune that one of the fares she picked up from the airport last year was Yuri Sarmiento , CEO of Ejeepney Transport , who suggested she swap her taxi for an electric jeepney and with it gain a steady form of employment . Like other drivers of taxis and jeepneys , Barandon regularly used to work shifts of up to 24-hours in order to pay for the hire of the vehicle and then make enough money to support her family . Being an electric jeepney driver is the first time that Barandon has had the benefits and security that most people expect with a job -- a daily shift of eight-hours , health insurance and a weekly paycheck . The e-jeepneys of Makati are still officially a pilot initiative , but only bureaucratic red tape has prevented it from becoming commercial and charging passengers 8 pesos  $ 0.20  per ride , says Reina Garcia , project coordinator for the Institute for Climate and Sustainable Cities , which organizes the Makati-based project . "  As well as the environmental impact , we wanted it to help women to have the same opportunity as male drivers , " says Garcia . "  Economically and socially women are one of the most vulnerable sectors in society , we wanted them to enjoy the same benefits from the electric jeepney project , such as increased income . " Statistics suggest that women in the Philippines have been successful in gaining ground against men . Ranked eighth on the World Economic Forum 's Gender Gap Index , the Philippines outperforms the U.S. , Germany and all other Asian countries in terms of gender equality in economic opportunity , health , political participation and education . According to the figures , women outnumber men in the field of senior officials , managers and professional and technical workers , but still lag behind men in terms of equal wages . Despite some gains for women in the workplace there are plenty of hurdles still to overcome , believes Florencia Cabatingan , chair of the Trade Union Congress of the Philippines Women 's Committee . "  Discrimination in hiring is something we 're aiming to work on . While jobs wo n't officially advertise for a man , there will be criteria which points to men and not women , like ` we need someone six-feet tall , ' or request a qualification that makes it clear men need to be hired . " Notions that traditional diesel jeepneys are too heavy for women to drive are slowly being eroded , or completely bypassed with lighter electric versions , although Barandon says that even her family still finds it funny she drives a jeepney . Macho attitudes from male drivers could also still deter other women from wanting to get behind the wheel . "  Sometimes the male drivers , like taxi drivers , they bully women drivers , overtake unnecessarily and think that women drivers ca n't do what they are doing , " says Barandon . But when it comes to fare-paying passengers , Barandon believes most would like to see more women on the roads . "  Attitudes have changed . Our passengers are comparing women drivers in other countries , and society in the Philippines already accepts that women drivers are much better  than men  , " she says with a smile .	Women driving new electric jeepneys on streets of Manila Public transportation in Philippines dominated by male drivers Philippines ranks high on WEF Gender Gap index Public attitudes to women drivers are positive , says female jeepney drivers
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- The Thai military continued to hold former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra on Saturday , a source close to her told CNN . She was ordered to report a day earlier to the junta that took charge of the country this week . The National Council for Peace and Order summoned 35 others to report by 1 p.m. Saturday , a military spokesman told reporters . More than 100 people were previously summoned . Around 150 people will be required to appear , the spokesman said in English . They come from all sides of Thailand 's political divide . Not all of them are to be detained , just those directly involved in Thailand 's raucous political conflicts , the spokesman said . Some of those held previously , including opposition leader Abhisit Vejjajiva and members of Yingluck 's Pheu Thai Party , were later released . That also happened to Panthongtae Shinawatra -- the nephew of Yingluck and son of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra -- according to a source close to his family . Saturday 's list included academics and one of Yingluck 's chief opponents , "  Yellow Shirt " movement leader Sondhi Limthongkul . The politician suffered a gunshot wound to the head during unrest in 2009 but later recovered . Some no-shows Some of those summoned have yet to heed the council 's call . On Saturday , it gave them another chance to do so and announced that those who did not comply would be taken in by "  law enforcement . " The military has banned more than 150 prominent figures from leaving the country and threatened to arrest politicians who disobey its orders . Security forces have arrested "  many people " suspected of possessing "  military grade weapons and explosive devices , " the spokesman said . The armed forces seized power in a coup Thursday after months of turmoil that paralyzed much of the government and caused deadly clashes in Bangkok . It has imposed martial law , which includes a curfew , and shut out independent media reporting . CNN International 's broadcasting has been blacked out in Thailand . It also dissolved the Senate , according to a statement from the military chief read on the country 's broadcast outlets . On Saturday , a number of major TV stations were back on air , including MCOT , TPBS and NBT . ` Time to think ' Detentions are not expected to last much longer than seven days . "  We want to give them some time to relax and have time to think over the problem , " the spokesman said . The council wants to "  adjust their perception and make them think about the country , think about the Thai people as a whole , not just one particular group . " The military council wants both sides to "  listen to the other side " and stop being "  self-centered , " he added . Detainees determined to have no significant link to conflict and who find "  common ground " for the good of the country will be released , the spokesman said . He asked that the public not worry about their treatment . "  We look after them very well , " he said . He did not say what would happen to those whose attitudes did not change or who are found to be more deeply involved in the country 's friction . Regular coups The United States and other countries have criticized the military 's intervention , the latest in a long list of coups in Thailand , and called for the swift restoration of democracy . The U.S. State Department expressed concern about the military 's actions . "  It has dissolved the Senate , detained a number of people , called in some academics and journalists , and continued to restrict the press , " deputy spokeswoman Marie Harf said . "  We again call on the military to release those detained for political reasons , end restrictions on the media , and move to restore civilian democracy through elections . " Yingluck , whose government was in power when the unrest began in November , was removed from office this month by the country 's Constitutional Court over the appointments of top security officials . Yingluck arrived around noon Friday at a military compound in Bangkok with one of her sisters . She was being detained at a military barracks outside Bangkok , the Thai government 's national security adviser , Lt. Gen. Paradon Patthanathabut , said late Friday . Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha , the head of the military , has assumed the powers to act as Prime Minister until a new one takes office , the military said Thursday . How the government will operate remains unclear , given that the military also has thrown out the constitution it drew up in 2007 after a previous coup , except for Section 2 , which acknowledges that the King is the head of state . The last six months have been marked by large-scale protests , both by those backing Yingluck 's government and those opposed to it . There have been periodic outbursts of deadly violence in the streets . Protesters clearing out Protest camps of both sides in Bangkok have been cleared away since the coup . Under the new order , schools will be closed nationwide between Friday and Sunday , the military said . A curfew is in place between 10 p.m. and 5 a.m. . The military has warned against posting misleading or critical comments on social media platforms . In a speech Thursday , Prayuth said that these actions were necessary to restore order and push through reforms . Life in most of the city 's center appeared normal during the day Friday , with shops open and people going to work . The military presence around the city remained subtle , with few soldiers in view , except outside the Defense Ministry and military sites . Protesters dismantled their camps . The U.S. Embassy in Bangkok has updated its guidance for Americans traveling to Thailand . It "  recommends that U.S. citizens reconsider any nonessential travel to Thailand , particularly Bangkok , due to ongoing political and social unrest and restrictions on internal movements , including an indefinite nighttime curfew . " ` Red Shirt ' reaction ? The question many analysts are asking is how the popular "  Red Shirt " movement , which supports Yingluck and her exiled brother Thaksin Shinawatra , will respond to the coup . The Red Shirts , whose support base is in the rural north and northwest of Thailand , were already angered by Yingluck 's ouster this month , a move they viewed as a judicial coup by Bangkok elites . Senior Red Shirt leaders , as well as prominent figures from the anti-Yingluck protesters , were still being held Friday by the military , according to Paradon , the national security adviser to the government . Thaksin , a business tycoon who built a highly successful political movement through populist policies benefiting the rural masses , was deposed as Prime Minister in a military coup in 2006 . In 2010 , when the pro-Thaksin party was out of power , the Red Shirts mounted large protests in the heart of Bangkok . An ensuing crackdown by security forces resulted in clashes that killed around 90 people . Thailand martial law : A cheat sheet to get you up to speed Soldiers , selfies and a military coup CNN 's Kocha Olarn reported from Bangkok , and Ben Brumfield reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Paula Hancocks , Simon Harrison , Neda Farshbaf and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Son of a former prime minister is released , a source close to his family says Military chief dissolves senate Military says it expects to see a change in politicians ' and activists ' attitudes Source : Ex-Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra at a military barracks outside Bangkok
London  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Harry has moved into the same west London residence that his brother William set up home in with new wife Kate last year , CNN can reveal . Harry took a small apartment at Kensington Palace after moving out of the bedroom and study he occupies at nearby Clarence House - the home of his father , Prince Charles . The move , on the heels of this month 's successful official tour of the Caribbean , is seen as a sign that the increasingly mature 27-year-old is putting his wild past behind him . It also appears to be evidence of the strong bonds between Harry and William , the brothers who will lead and define Britain 's royal family over the next few decades . Watch Harry talk about "  emotional trip " to Caribbean Harry is understood to have been looking to move into his own place for some time , and is becoming William and Kate 's neighbor because the brothers "  wanted to be together , " a senior royal source told CNN . "  Prince Harry and Prince William are a double act for the rest of their lives , " the source said . "  They are very loyal and trust each other . Loyalty is key . Harry is very respectful towards William . " William and Kate , the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , currently live in Nottingham Cottage , in the grounds of Kensington Palace , but will move into a renovated apartment in the main building in 2013 . Harry , third in line to the British throne , is then expected to take over the cottage . Kensington Palace was home to both the princes when they were being brought up by their mother Diana , the Princess of Wales , who lived there from 1981 until her death in 1997 . While Harry 's Caribbean tour saw him graduate as a representative of the British royal family , the prince 's official duties are expected to take a back seat to his military career in the immediate future . According to the royal source , Harry relishes the ordinary treatment he receives as a captain and Apache helicopter pilot in Britain 's Army Air Corps . Read more on Harry 's career as a helicopter pilot His colleagues say they often forget his royal status . Kayon Mills , a Jamaican lieutenant who trained with Harry at Britain 's Sandhurst military academy , told CNN the prince 's nickname was "  Harry Potter . " Captain Wales , as he is officially known , is preparing for deployment later this year to Afghanistan , where he served briefly four years ago until a broken media embargo led to him being rushed home . There is not expected to be a news blackout this time . The royal source says but the prince wo n't require extra security despite being a potential priority Taliban target . "  The thinking is that being an Apache pilot is quite an anonymous job and the Apache is already a target , " he said . "  They ca n't be more of a target than they already are . "	CNN EXCLUSIVE : Prince Harry moves to Kensington Palace Harry occupies apartment close to Prince William and Kate Move seen to reflect Harry 's maturity and closeness to brother CNN also reveals prince 's military academy nickname : Harry Potter
CNN  -- Two-time runner-up Roger Federer must wait another year before he can win his first Rome Masters title after suffering a shock third-round defeat on Thursday . The Swiss third seed 's French Open build-up suffered a blow when he was beaten by Richard Gasquet for the first time in the last nine meetings between the two players and just his second overall . The French 16th seed triumphed 4-6 7-6  7-2  7-6  7-4  in a match lasting two hours 20 minutes as he earned a quarterfinal clash with Czech seventh seed Tomas Berdych at the clay event . "  I had multiple chances . That is how it goes , " 16-time grand slam champion Federer told the ATP Tour website after his second loss against a player outside the top three this year . Djokovic 's No. 1 dream is fast becoming reality "  Sometimes it is unfortunate because I was playing well and then it did n't happen at all anymore , so it was a disappointing end to the match . "  But it will not affect my preparation and work for the French Open , I will be fine . I definitely think I should not have lost this match , and that is kind of annoying . " World No. 1 Rafael Nadal bounced back from his poor showing in beating Italian qualifier Paolo Lorenzi in three sets on Wednesday as he disposed of fellow Spaniard Feliciano Lopez . The five-time Rome champion won 6-4 6-2 in just 86 minutes to set up a quarterfinal against Croatia 's Marin Cilic , who beat American 11th seed Mardy Fish 7-6  8-6  6-3 . Nadal , seeking a third successive title , must beat Cilic to prevent Novak Djokovic taking his title as the world 's top player . "  I had a fever this morning but I feel better now . Certainly I did n't really understand why yesterday I felt slow and without energy , and I understand now better today , " said Nadal , whose two-year winning streak on clay was ended by Djokovic in the Madrid final . "  That is that and I am here to fight and to try my best like I have always done . I am ready for everything . " Second seed Djokovic extended his unbeaten run to 34 matches this year with a 6-4 6-1 victory over Stanislas Wawrinka , who he also beat in the 2008 final . The Serbian , who is closing on John McEnroe 's record of 42 straight wins at the start of 1984 , needed just 93 minutes to move past the Swiss 14th seed . Djokovic , who turns 24 on May 22 , will face Swedish fifth seed Robin Soderling in the last eight . Soderling , the French Open runner-up for the past two years , battled past Spanish ninth seed Nicolas Almagro , winning 6-3 3-6 6-4 in just over two hours . British fourth seed Andy Murray also moved into the quarterfinals with a 6-2 6-3 win over Italy 's Potito Starace . He will next play unseeded German Florian Mayer , who beat Argentina 's Juan Ignacio Chela 7-5 6-4 . If Murray and Djokovic both reach the semis , it will mean a rematch of January 's Australian Open final -- which the Serbian won . Meanwhile , former women 's world No. 1 Serena Williams will not make her long-awaited comeback at the French Open , which starts later this month . The American has not played since winning her 13th grand slam singles title at Wimbledon in June 2010 , after which she badly cut her foot in a freak accident in a restaurant . The 29-year-old , whose only title in Paris came in 2002 , was further delayed in returning to action when she suffered a pulmonary embolism in February . "  While I am making good progress , unfortunately I wo n't be able to compete in Roland Garros , " she said in a statement on Thursday . "  I am grateful for every moment I have and the fact that I have returned to the court . I am hopeful that I will be back competing this summer . Thank you all for your continued prayers . " Current No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki reached the quarterfinals in Rome after beating Belgium 's Yanina Wickmayer 6-1 7-6  7-4  on Thursday . The 20-year-old Dane will next play two-time champion Jelena Jankovic , who was last year 's runner-up . The Serbian fifth seed progressed with a 6-4 2-6 6-2 win over Spain 's Anabel Medina Garrigues . French Open champion Francesca Schiavone came from behind to beat Slovakia 's Daniela Hantuchova 3-6 6-2 7-5 . The Italian second seed set up a rematch of the 2010 Roland Garros final with Australian No. 6 Sam Stosur , who defeated Slovenian qualifier Polona Hercog 6-3 6-4 . Chinese fourth seed Li Na booked her place in the last eight with a 6-2 6-1 win over Australia 's Jarmila Gajdosova . The Australian Open runner-up will take on unseeded Hungarian Greta Arn , who battled past Russia 's Elena Vesnina 3-6 7-6  7-3  7-6  7-3  in more than three hours as she rallied from 5-3 down in the final two sets and saved two match-points . Russian seventh seed Maria Sharapova ended the hopes of Israeli No. 10 Shahar Peer as she triumphed 6-2 6-2 . The former world No. 1 will next face third seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus , who overcame Russian No. 16 Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova 6-4 4-6 6-2 in two hours 16 minutes .	Third seed Roger Federer knocked out of Rome Masters by Richard Gasquet World No. 1 Rafael Nadal reaches quarterfinals , where he faces Marin Cilic Novak Djokovic extends his winning run to 34 matches and will play Robin Soderling Serena Williams announces she is not ready to make her comeback at French Open
Hong Kong  CNN  -- When China 's most successful homegrown movie went on international release last month , hopes were high that the slapstick comedy , which has drawn comparisons with "  The Hangover , " would blaze a trail for Chinese-language cinema . But "  Lost in Thailand , " which picked up the highest grossing film at Hong Kong 's Asian Film Awards on Monday night , flopped outside mainland China -- only collecting $ 57,000 in the United States and $ 72,000 in Hong Kong , according to figures from consultancies Film Business Asia and Beijing-based Entgroup . The film earned $ 202 million in China , making the unexpected hit the most profitable movie ever after Hollywood extravaganza "  Avatar . " "  We heard that it is not doing well overseas , or could be considered a failure , due to the cultural differences , " Entgroup 's Aiden Sun told CNN . China 's movie market is the world 's second largest , in terms of box office takings , but its films are a hard sell for international audiences . Poor marketing , a lack of recognizable stars and plot lines and humor that get muddled in translation weigh against Chinese films and it 's a trend that 's not improving despite the country 's thriving movie industry . While Chinese-language films have never been mainstream viewing for English-speaking audiences , a decade ago titles such as "  Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon , " "  Hero " and "  In the Mood for Love " captured the imagination of movie buffs worldwide . Today , according to industry players at Hong Kong 's Filmart trade fair this week that accompanies the Asian Film Awards , it is getting harder to sell Chinese films , even in markets with a shared language and culture such as Singapore . "  The enthusiasm created by "  Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon " is no longer there . We are starting more or less from scratch -- whether and how we can rebuild the international market for Chinese language films , " said Jeffrey Chan , who is charge of international sales for Chinese studio Bona Film Group . Part of the reason is stronger local-language film production in places like Singapore , Thailand and South Korea , said Lim Teck , a Singaporean film producer and distributor . Teck said that he made more money from the five locally made movies he released in the city state last year than from the 16 Chinese-language titles he distributed . Doris Pfardrescher , president of Well Go USA , the main distributor of Asian films in North America , says that Chinese martial arts movies and action flicks , with their simple stories and visual effects , play well with U.S. audiences but these films are no longer being made in such great numbers as Chinese moviegoers seek out lighter fare . "  Films that are doing really , really well in China are your romantic comedies and your fantasies that are really difficult to translate over to the U.S. , " she said . "  There is a lot of political humor and cultural differences that Americans do n't understand . " Arbitrary censorship rules make Chinese films harder to market . Some genres , like horror , that are popular internationally are frowned upon in China and officials have the final say on release dates making the advance marketing materials and trailers necessary for an international theatrical release harder to handle . China also lacks a new generation of globally bankable stars to replace the likes of Chow Yun-Fat , Jackie Chan and Michelle Yeoh , who made their name in Hong Kong action movies of the 1980s and 1990s before moving onto Hollywood . By contrast , today 's young actors are making so much money in China that they have little incentive to head west . "  You 're an A plus plus star in China but outside you are nobody . Psychologically , you have to overcome these hurdles , " said Jeffrey Chan . Of course , given the size and profitability of China 's market , in some respects , it matters little that its movies do n't perform well overseas or that its stars are n't household names . India has a thriving movie industry but Bollywood hits only find a niche market outside the country . However , Beijing is becoming more assertive in its attempts to project its own view of the world and looks at the global reach and appeal of U.S. films and television shows with envy . Many people believe China would like to see its movie industry become a force to be reckoned with on the silver screen . "  I think they want  their film business  to expand internationally , " added Chan . "  But despite that intention , we 're in a business where the product matters a lot more than in a lot of other industries . We 're not mass producing something that is easy to replicate . "	Chinese-language movies a hard sell to international audiences Biggest domestic hit , Lost in Translation , flopped in U.S. Obstacles include poor marketing , lack of stars and cultural differences China in quest to be force on silver screen
CNN  -- Artist Damien Hirst does n't have a problem with money . The multi-millionaire is estimated to be the wealthiest living artist , but believes he remains true to his artistic integrity . "  I 've always tried to be in the situation where money 's a by-product of what I 'm trying to do . No matter how big the money gets , you always have to make sure you 're not using the art to chase the money , you 're using the money to chase the art , " he says . "  I 've always been able to take all the money in the bank and put it on one sculpture . " Entitled "  For Heaven 's Sake " the platinum and pink diamond-studded infant 's skull is the glistening centerpiece of Hirst 's latest exhibition at Hong Kong 's new Gagosian Gallery . Displayed alongside a series of photorealistic butterflies , it 's a more upbeat show that perhaps he 's known for . "  I just wanted to show things I 've been working on more recently . There are a few things from 2008 . We just had a crazy financial meltdown so I thought I 'd do a show that 's a bit more optimistic than my usual shows . " Hirst has never been far from controversy -- his earlier work has included dead animals suspended in formaldehyde -- and he 's equally happy to go against convention in the business side of the art world . In 2008 he took a gamble by auctioning his work rather than going though a dealer . It paid off making $ 198 million , but Hirst is modest about the move . "  Lots of people say I was a genius and I was very clever when I did that . But I think it was luck , " he says . "  Another week later and it could have failed miserably . It was sort of an idiotic move in a way . I say ` phew ' rather than ` genius ' . " Some have also criticized Hirst , like many other big name artists , for not actually making much of his own work . The diamond-encrusted skull was made by London jewelers Bentley & Skinners and the butterfly pictures produced by Hirst 's artisans . "  People have always said things like that , and no matter how many times I answer the question people will always go but you did n't make it , " he says . "  It 's my work  only in the same way that a Frank Gehry can be described as a Frank Gehry house . I 'm sure that Mrs. Prada does n't make the jackets either , but we all call them Prada and are happy to buy them . And maybe if you bought one that was actually made by Mrs. Prada we might not like it as much . "	Damien Hirst is thought to be the wealthiest living artist Latest exhibition in Hong Kong features pink diamond encrusted baby 's skull He does not believe that money has got in the way of his art
CNN  -- A camera that can see around a corner ? I know this sounds like something in a sci-fi movie or a superhero comic , but this is a real-world technology we 've made possible with a camera that is aware of the travel time of light , an imaging technique that can create movies of light in motion with an effective rate approaching a trillion frames per second : the speed of light . Before I joined the MIT faculty in 2008 , I had done deep research in "  computational photography , " a field of new imaging techniques dramatically improving the capture and synthesis of photos . But , I knew there was more to photography than just depicting what the eye can see . I wanted to create a camera that could see beyond the line of sight . The speed of light is n't infinite : light travels about a foot per billionth of a second . If I could build a camera fast enough to analyze light at high speeds in room-sized environments , I knew we could then create cameras to solve major problems in scientific and consumer imaging , and enable completely new functionality . I spoke to top researchers in ultrafast lasers and photonics to understand what was currently possible . When I did , most of them asked some version of : "  Why ? Why spend years building a camera to look around corners when no commercial application is screaming for it and no funding agency has a call for it ? " In addition , it 's rare to shoot light pulses and analyze at such high speeds in large environments . Ultra-fast imaging experiments are usually limited to centimeter - or smaller-size samples . I continued the work and in the spring of 2008 , with James Davis from UC Santa Cruz , wrote a proposal that laid out the mathematical foundation and various experimental solutions for exploration . TED.com : Boaz Almog ` levitates ' a superconductor I also began working with Media Lab graduate student Matthew Hirsch to build a prototype , hoping that we would have something to demonstrate within a few months . The grant proposal was rejected for administrative reasons  I made a paperwork error !  , which meant we had to wait nearly a year to apply again . But those two years did n't yield any meaningful results , as our lab components were n't designed to be used the way we wanted . After nearly three years of experimental work , the team -- especially postdoctoral associate Andreas Velten and MIT professor Moungi Bawendi , many students , and several collaborators -- cobbled together pieces of the puzzle and built a software program to create a first demonstration of looking around corners . Very soon afterward , we could also start creating surreal movies of light in motion . We call this new imaging technology femto photography because we capture a segment of the image with a flashlight  in this case , a laser pulse  on for a few millionths of a billionth of a second  or a few femtoseconds  and an exposure time approaching a trillionth of a second . Just how fast is femto photography ? Think of it this way : if we took one-thousandth of a second of footage from the femto camera video output and slowed it down to the speed of 30 seconds per frame -- the approximate speed of a standard TV broadcast -- it would take us a lifetime to watch . Photographers know that at very short exposures and even at the most sensitive setting for dark scenes , we will record barely any light . So what about in a trillionth of a second ? We actually record and average millions of photos to get enough light , each photo made to look the same via carefully timed synchronization with the light pulse . So even if our exposure time is indeed nearly a trillionth of a second , to get sufficient light we must take an average . Thus , as of now , we can only record repeatable events , but this is not a fundamental limitation . TED.com : A robot that flies like a bird Unlike conventional cameras , our femto camera captures an image as one thin slice at a time of one-dimensional space using a "  streak tube , " a laboratory instrument that is commonly used by chemists to study light passing through chemical samples . We then take hundreds of these narrow videos  each shot at a slightly different angle  and create a carefully synchronized , slow-motion composite of the light pulses . It takes about an hour to collect and aggregate the data  view a demonstration of a light pulse as it travels through an ordinary Coca-Cola bottle  . To see around the corner , we use femto photography to analyze scattered light . We bounce light off of visible parts into hidden parts and then measure the time and direction of returned light . Usually the scattering of energy is considered a nuisance -- whether driving in fog or poor reception from a cell phone tower -- and most techniques either try to avoid it  by turning on fog lights  or reduce the impact of scattering  by selecting energy for the phone only from direct paths  . In contrast , we exploit the scattering . For the camera , a laser pulse is fired at a wall , and the impact of hitting the wall causes the particles of light to scatter . Some of the scattering particles return to the camera at different times . This is repeated about 60 times per image as the camera measures how long it takes for the light to travel back and where the particles land . An algorithm then crunches the data to reconstruct the hidden image . This technique even allows us to see a three-dimensional object such as a mock-up of running person . TED.com : Test for Parkinson 's with a phone call As exciting as this work is , do n't look for this technology to be in practice tomorrow -- we 're still years away from bringing this to market . But , we can already imagine multiple ways that it could have a significant , positive impact on our everyday lives . By allowing us to "  see " around a corner , for example , this technology added to our cars could let us know if there 's another vehicle approaching around a blind curve . It also could give us a new way to look deep inside our bodies without X-rays , or to look through a window into a burning building from a distance to see if anyone is left inside -- without risking a firefighter 's life . When I gave a TEDGlobal talk on femto photography in June , I began with a reference to Doc Edgerton , a very popular MIT professor of electrical engineering who , in 1964 , wowed the world with an image of a bullet in midair , having just passed through an apple . He accomplished this by using a strobe light to freeze the action of the bullet at a millionth of a second . What we 're talking about here -- the speed of light -- is a million times faster , and is opening the door to a complete rethinking of what we mean by , and can do with , photography . It is a first step toward a new world of imaging that far exceeds human ability , resynthesizing data and depicting it in ways that are within human comprehensibility . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author , Ramesh Raskar , who would like to thank his collaborators : Moungi G. Bawendi , Professor , MIT Department of Chemistry ; Andreas Velten and Christopher Barsi , postdoctoral associates , MIT Media Lab ; Everett Lawson , Otkrist Gupta , Nikhil Naik , Amy Fritz , Di Wu , MIT Media Lab ; Matt O'toole , Kyros Kutulakos , University of Toronto ; Diego Gutierrez , Belen Masia , and Elisa Amoros , Universidad de Zaragoza ; Kavita Bala , Shuang Zhao , Cornell University ; Ashok Veeraraghavan , Rice University. ; Thomas Willwacher , Harvard University .	Ramesh Raskar 's team at the MIT Media Lab is re-imagining what photography can do By creating movies of light in motion at a trillion frames per second , camera can see around corner Raskar : Technology is years away from applications in the real world He says it could be helpful in preventing car crashes and aiding rescues
There are n't many NFL players who influenced the game like David "  Deacon " Jones . Jones , 74 , who died Monday of natural causes his Southern California home , proved himself many times over as arguably the sport 's most fearsome defensive lineman . He invented his own weapon on the field of battle : the head slap . He created his own statistic on the NFL record books : the quarterback sack . "  I developed a term that is used in the game right now called sacking the quarterback , " Jones is quoted on NFL.com . "  Sacking a quarterback is just like you devastate a city or you cream a multitude of people . I mean it 's just like you put all the offensive players in one bag and I just take a baseball bat and beat on the bag . " Clearly , Jones did n't mince words . Advertising execs on Madison Avenue played on Jones ' tough-guy persona with a series of memorable TV beer commercials for Miller Lite . Dressed in a black leather jacket , Jones marches into a bar and recites a poem about the virtues of the beer , and then warns , "  and if you do n't believe me , I 'm gon na break your nose . " The numbers alone tell the tale : The 6-foot-5-inch tall Jones piled up 173 sacks during a 14-year career with the Los Angeles Rams , the San Diego Chargers and the Redskins . That 's second only to Reggie White . "  Deacon Jones was one of the greatest players in NFL history , " said Redskins General Manager Bruce Allen . "  Off the field , he was a true giant . His passion and spirit will continue to inspire those who knew him . " Sacks were n't even an official NFL statistic until 1982 , long after Jones ' retirement . Then there was the head slap -- the brain-jarring swipe of a defensive lineman 's hand or arm against the helmet of his opponent . "  Jones could split helmets with his head slap , and his outside speed rush was devastating , " wrote Paul Zimmerman , aka Dr. Z , in Sports Illustrated . "  Plus , Jones was relentless ; he never gave up . He collected sacks on his hands and knees . " Jones started his NFL career in 1961 with the Rams and spent 11 seasons there . Along with fellow icons Rosey Grier , Lamar Lundy and Merlin Olsen , Jones formed one of the best defensive lines of all time : the Fearsome Four . As a Ram , Jones perfected the head slap . Jones once said he wished that , after messing with him , opposing players would wake up "  hopefully on Tuesday . " You could say it was effective . So effective , the NFL banned it . "  His eyes were as red as fire , and after he took his stance , he was pawing his leg in the dirt like a bull , " remembered Rayfield Wright of his first NFL start . Wright , playing with the Dallas Cowboys , was facing Jones in that 1969 game . "  As an offensive lineman , you 're taught only to hear the quarterback 's voice . Nothing else , " Wright said in the Sports Illustrated interview . "  I 'm listening in case there 's an audible , and in the pause between ` Huts ! ' I hear a deep , heavy voice say , ` Does yo ' mama know you 're out here ? ' It was Deacon Jones . " Rams fans nicknamed him "  Secretary of Defense . " And in 1999 , Sports Illustrated named him the "  Defensive End of the Century . " In 1972 , he was traded to the Chargers , and he finished his career with the Redskins in 1974 . During his entire time with the NFL , Jones missed just six games . In later years , Jones worked as a radio host , served as a spokesman for the blood-pressure drug Atacand and started the Deacon Jones Foundation to mentor inner-city high school students . He also published an autobiography titled -- what else ? -- "  Head Slap . " People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	NFL 's Deacon Jones said he invented the "  head slap " and the term "  sacking the quarterback " Jones was part of the famous Los Angeles Rams ' Fearsome Foursome defensive line Nicknamed the "  Secretary of Defense , " Jones also played for the Redskins and the Chargers Jones died of natural causes at his Southern California home
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Ray J Norwood pleaded no contest to trespassing to settle charges that he grabbed a woman 's buttocks , smashed a police car window and spat on a cop , a prosecutor said Thursday . Norwood , infamous as Kim Kardashian 's partner in the sex tape that launched her reality show career , was arrested after an incident at a Beverly Hills hotel on May 30 . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Edward Moreton sentenced Norwood , 33 , to three years of probation and 50 hours of community service for the trespassing conviction . He 'll also have to attend alcohol therapy and anger management classes . Norwood also is banned from the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel , to which he must pay restitution determined at a hearing in December . The singer-reality TV star was charged last month with four misdemeanor counts of sexual battery , vandalism , resisting arrest and battery . Beverly Hills police arrested him at the hotel after a woman complained that he "  grabbed her buttocks , " a police statement said . Although the initial police report said it was decided that the "  contact was incidental , " the complaint alleged that it was sexual battery because Ray J did "  unlawfully touch an intimate part " of the woman for the "  specific purpose of sexual arousal , sexual gratification and sexual abuse . " The vandalism , battery and resisting arrest charges stemmed from what happened after police arrived at the hotel . Norwood "  became belligerent with the valets and refused to leave , " despite repeated requests by hotel security , the police statement said . "  After the uniform police officers took Mr. Norwood into custody and placed him in the rear of a police vehicle , he became belligerent and used his feet to shatter the side window of the police vehicle , " the police statement said . "  Mr. Norwood was subsequently removed from the police vehicle in order to restrain his feet ; at which time he became combative and spat into the face of one of the officers . " Ray J 's publicist did not respond to CNN request for comment . Discovery cancels ` Sons of Guns ' after Will Hayden 's rape arrest	Ray J gets 3 years probation , 50 hours community service for trespassing conviction The singer-reality TV star is also banned from the Beverly Wilshire Hotel Charges were misdemeanor sexual battery , vandalism , resisting arrest and battery Norwood is infamous as Kim Kardashian 's partner in a sex tape that launched her career
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Gloria Allred 's demand that a transgender contestant be allowed to compete in the Miss Canada Universe pageant was trumped Tuesday when pageant owner Donald Trump agreed with her . It was a public relations battle featuring two well-known masters of the media , a beauty queen and a controversial topic . On the East Coast was Trump , whose fortune and brand is boosted by his ability to navigate storms of controversy . On the West Coast was Allred , legendary for her ability to draw hordes of cameras to her Beverly Hills law office to capture her outrage over alleged injustices done to her clients . The client is Jenna Talackova , a 23-year-old , 6-foot-1-inch tall blond Canadian , who underwent sexual reassignment surgery four years ago . Talackova won a regional beauty crown qualifying her for Canada 's national title , but she was then told the May 19 Miss Canada Universe pageant in Toronto was only open to "  naturally born females . " "  I am a woman , " Talackova said in a prepared statement she read to reporters in Allred 's conference room Tuesday . "  I was devastated and I felt that excluding me for the reason that they gave was unjust . " Allred 's statement attacked Trump for questioning Talackova 's sexuality . "  She did not ask Mr. Trump to prove that he is a naturally born man or to see photos of his birth to view his anatomy to prove that he was male , " Allred said . How she became a female is not important , she said . "  The Miss Universe competition is designed to find the one person in the world whose human qualities make them worthy of the Miss Universe crown and title , " Allred said . "  Jenna is beautiful in every way . Her life story will undoubtedly inspire people throughout the world . " Talackova , in a 2010 interview , said she knew she was a girl at age 4 . She said she started hormone therapy at age 14 and underwent sexual reassignment surgery at 19 . Trump , warned of Allred 's attack when the lawyer alerted reporters Monday afternoon that she would hold the news conference , shifted his pageant 's position in an announcement Monday night . Talackova could compete provided "  she meets the legal gender recognition requirements of Canada , and the standards established by other international competitions , " the Miss Universe Organization said . Trump 's maneuver did n't appear to temper Allred 's outrage . "  The last-minute statement by Mr. Trump 's representative put out late yesterday only confuses the issue , " she said . "  Instead of stating clearly that Jenna will be allowed to compete , Mr. Trump qualifies it by adding conditions that are ambiguous . " She asked Trump for "  a clear answer -- not a wimpy , wishy-washy type of answer -- but something that we can take to the bank . " Allred did n't know it then , but Trump gave a clearer statement to CNN in New York two hours earlier . "  We went by the laws of Canada and the laws of the United States , and those laws say that she should be allowed to enter the pageant , " Trump said . "  So she will be entering the Miss Canada pageant . " When read Trump 's new statement , Allred paused for several seconds and said "  I stand by my statement . We want this rule eliminated . " "  We want a clearer statement that this rule will be eliminated , " Allred said . "  Step up , say it loudly , say it clearly , this rule will never be in effect again for anyone . " Allred declined to have Talackova react to Trump 's decision to let her compete . "  Sorry , " Talackova whispered to the reporter , apologizing for her silence . Allred would not say if her client still intended to compete in the pageant . Controversy over pageant rules is not new for Trump , who owns and controls the Miss Universe franchise . The media stir over Miss California Carrie Prejeans 's same-sex marriage comments at Trump 's Miss USA pageant three years ago raised the profile of that competition . Prejean , in response to a question from a judge , declared her opposition to same-sex marriage . Trump initially said Prejean could keep her Miss California title despite a controversy over topless photos , missed appearances and her statements against same-sex marriage . He eventually fired her for "  contract violations , " including missed public appearances . Allred has affected more than beauty contests . She hosted several news conferences in 2010 to reveal evidence that Meg Whitman , who was then the Republican nominee for governor of California , employed an undocumented worker . The October surprise hampered Whitman 's campaign at a crucial time in her race against Jerry Brown , who won the election .	"  She should be allowed to enter the pageant , " Miss Universe owner Donald Trump says Contestant 's lawyer : "  We want this rule eliminated " "  I am a woman , " contestant Jenna Talackova says Pageant officials previously disqualifed transgender woman from Miss Canada Universe
Of course it matters . But many if not most Americans see the midterm election two weeks from Tuesday as likely to change little or nothing of consequence . Their lack of interest is part of the price of Washington gridlock and dysfunction . It is nearly impossible to see a path for action of major , controversial issues like immigration reform , a new tax system , or long overdue fixes to the big-money entitlement programs Medicare and Social Security . National Journal 's veteran political reporter Ron Fournier sums it up this way : "  No matter how this goes , we 're going to have more gridlock and more politics above policy , " said Fournier . "  As we turn to 2016 , it will be angrier , more frustrated and voters will be angrier , more frustrated and looking for alternatives outside these two parties . " Remember that last part -- especially if independent Greg Orman wins the tight Senate race in traditionally ruby red Kansas . That could send both parties a signal about the public 's disgust with politics as usual . But , for now , focus on this year . Democratic-held seats in Iowa , Colorado and maybe New Hampshire are within Republican reach but razor close . And now , Republican-held seats in Kansas , South Dakota and Georgia are in play , giving the Democrats late hope of changing a bad 2014 hand with wild cards . Related : Key races to watch in 2014 This may be too volatile a year for history to matter , but history usually does matter and it suggests a decent to good Republican election , depending on whether those close races all break one way or the other - as often happens - or play out in a wild night of state-by-state chess . Those two most likely scenarios : 1 . Republicans add a modest number of seats to their House majority , and take control of the Senate with somewhere in the ballpark of 51-54 seats . 2 . Republicans add a modest number of seats to their House majority , and Democrats close strong and somehow manage to keep their Senate edge , with either 51 seats or a 50-50 tie in which Vice President Joe Biden breaks ties for the rest of the Obama administration . Either way , neither party is going to be anywhere near the 60 votes it takes to do real business in the Senate . And President Obama , for all the talk of his lame duck status that is already taking hold , would still hold the bully pulpit and a veto pen . So , even if Republicans controlled both the House and Senate and , even if they somehow came up with the votes to repeal Obamacare , it would trigger perhaps the fastest presidential veto in history . Plus , even if the Republicans run the House and the Senate , they still have their own internal tensions . Take immigration . Speaker John Boehner and  in the event they can achieve a slim Senate majority  new Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell would like nothing more than to move beyond the immigration impasse that has stymied Washington for years so the GOP can begin to try to repair its crisis with Latino voters . But grassroots anger on this issue is as great as ever , and there would be an internal revolt if Boehner or McConnell embraced even something like legal status for the undocumented . President Obama has said a permanent legal status does n't go nearly far enough , but the conservative base equates it with amnesty . Moving past immigration , what about the debt ? There has been no compromise on entitlement spending in recent years because Republicans want deeper savings than Democrats will support and there has been too much partisan grandstanding to try to work out a compromise . Would total GOP control of Congress make a difference ? Maybe : there would be a united GOP negotiating front with the White House , and the President would perhaps be open to more as he considers his legacy and looks for big achievements . Or maybe not : with Republicans shy of 60 votes in the Senate , imagine Elizabeth Warren as the new Ted Cruz . She might do anything she could to gum up the works when something does n't pass her ideological muster . And do n't forget the 2016 campaign begins in earnest the day after the 2014 election . Having been stunned from the left in 2008 , would Hillary Clinton would be quiet if major entitlement trims were a possibility ? So , bottom line : maybe Mitch McConnell replaces Harry Reid in the role of man with big title -- Senate majority leader -- but little legislative leeway . Voters get this . Just ask the people working their tails off to make a difference . Christian conservative leaders say when their phone banks call voters , a leading response is : "  why bother ? " To that point , in Colorado Springs last week , evangelical pastor Joe Kirkdendall told me the young Christians in his ministry "  do n't really look to Washington " as a place that solves the things they worry about most . http://www.cnn.com/2014/10/15/politics/king-roadtrip-midterm/ Related : Midterm mile markers - Roadtrip to 2014 A little more than an hour to the north , in suburban Denver 's Adams County , a half dozen Latino voters I chatted with in a neighborhood restaurant had a healthy debate on some issues but all agreed the excitement of voting for President Obama had given way to a sense that every promise to them was certain to be broken . Charlotte Vigil , a volunteer for Democrats in that county , says many voters she calls are "  discouraged . " Discouraged at dysfunction seems to be the state of the union with two weeks to go until election day . But the truth is , whatever your politics , who wins on election night matters more than you might think . Do you want a Democrat or a Republican as Senate Judiciary Committee chairman if President Obama has one or two Supreme Court picks in the next two years ? Do you want significant changes to Obamacare ? Who controls the Senate will matter bigtime in those negotiations . Republicans want more money for the Pentagon than the White House does , and if they control both chambers of Congress they would have more leverage in budget talks . More leverage , perhaps , to find that money by trimming Head Start of food stamps . That list -- of where it certainly DOES matter -- is a long one . But most voters do n't see it because what they have witnessed the past several years leaves them convinced -- understandably so -- that Washington would scew up a free lunch . Take Hannah Zahn , a waitress in Winterset , Iowa , who during a visit last week talked so excitedly about casting her first ballot , just 18 , in 2012 . She 's planning on siting out 2014 , because , "  I do n't think it really matters . They do n't care about me . "	Americans are fed up with dysfunction in Washington Does it really matter if Democrats or Republicans are in charge after 2014 ?
CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama visited military personnel and their families enjoying Christmas dinner at a Marine Corps base in Hawaii Thursday during his holiday vacation . President-elect Obama shakes hands with troops having Christmas dinner at a military base in Hawaii . Obama went to Marine Corps Base Hawaii Kaneohe Bay on Oahu where he mingled with Marines and sailors . Obama and the troops also had a traditional dinner including turkey , roast beef , ham and trimmings . Obama , dressed casually in a blue polo shirt and dark khaki trousers , chatted casually , shook hands and posed for photos with men and women in the dining hall , which had been decorated with Christmas trees and Santa figurines . Shortly before Obama entered the room , a Marine shouted to the crowd scattered across 25 tables , "  You need to take you seats , the president-elect is going to be coming . " Obama , who spent about an hour at the Marine base , worked his way around the room , table by table . "  Just wanted to say , ` Hi , hey guys , ' " Obama said at one point while reporters were allowed in the room . "  Hey guys , Merry Christmas , " he said to another group . Obama also highlighted the service of the country 's military men and women now overseas in a holiday message to be broadcast on radio this Saturday . "  As we celebrate this joyous time of year , our thoughts turn to the brave men and women who serve our country far from home , " he said in the message , which was posted online Wednesday . "  Their extraordinary and selfless sacrifice is an inspiration to us all , and part of the unbroken line of heroism that has made our freedom and prosperity possible for over two centuries . " Watch Obama 's holiday message " More than 140,000 soldiers are currently serving in Iraq , as well as roughly 30,000 in Afghanistan . In the broadcast message , Obama also called on Americans to "  renew a sense of common purpose and shared citizenship . " "  These are also tough times for many Americans struggling in our sluggish economy , " he said . "  Now , more than ever , we must rededicate ourselves to the notion that we share a common destiny as Americans -- that I am my brother 's keeper , I am my sister 's keeper . ... We must all do our part to serve one another ; to seek new ideas and new innovation ; and to start a new chapter for our great country . " Obama said that notion "  will guide my administration in the New Year . If the American people come together and put their shoulder to the wheel of history , then I know that we can put our people back to work ... and reach the promise of a brighter day . "	President-elect Barack Obama mingles with troops in Hawaii on Christmas Day Obama praised country 's military men and women in online message Obama calls on Americans to "  renew a sense of common purpose "
CNN  -- A brutal Maoist guerrilla group that terrorized Peru during the 1980s but pretty much disappeared when top leaders were captured in the 1990s is making a resurgence . Police in Lima , Peru , carry coffins of officers killed in a November ambush by suspected Shining Path rebels . In the latest of several recent attacks by the Sendero Luminoso , known in English as the Shining Path , 14 government soldiers were killed in an ambush this month . It was , a Sendero leader said afterward , "  the strongest blow " against the government in quite a while . It also was not an isolated incident . "  It 's like that horror movie , ` Friday the 13th , ' " said Bernard Aronson , President George H.W. Bush 's assistant secretary of state for inter-American affairs from 1989 to 1993 . "  You think you 've killed the beast , and the beast returns . " Sendero declared war on the government in 1980 , carrying out bombings and assassinations that by official accounts killed more than 30,000 Peruvians during the next 20 years . Another 30,000 Peruvians died at the hands of the government and paramilitary groups in the fight against the Sendero , a government commission determined in 2003 . In the countryside of central and southern Peru where the rebels were strongest , Sendero waged an assassination campaign against government officials , the heads of state-owned farming collectives , business owners and even peasants who opposed the guerrillas . Political rivals , including other Marxists or leftists , were not immune either . Sendero also conducted daring attacks in Lima , the capital . Rebels blew up electrical transmission towers to cause citywide blackouts , bombed factories and set off explosives near government offices and inside the ruling party 's political headquarters . Assassinations were carried out with seeming impunity on the streets of Lima . "  They terrorized Peru , " said Alvin Adams , a former U.S. ambassador to Venezuela and the State Department 's associate coordinator for counterterrorism from 1987 to 1989 . In a sign of how desperate the situation had become , then-President Alberto Fujimori suspended the constitution in 1992 . Peruvian officials now say Fujimori took the war against the Sendero too far , and he was convicted this year of human rights abuses . A turning point came in September 1992 , when the government captured Sendero leader Abimael Guzman in a Lima apartment . Authorities , who had been watching the apartment , found empty vials of psoriasis medicine in his garbage and knew they had found their man . Guzman , a former university philosophy professor , was known to suffer from the skin ailment and had come into the city from his jungle hideout to seek treatment . The arrests of other top leaders in the 1990s seemed to ensure the demise of the group , which had split into two factions . Sendero attacks continued sporadically , but the guerrillas seemed destined for the back pages of history , as their numbers and effectiveness diminished . In the late 1980s and early 1990s , Sendero was believed to have about 5,000 guerrillas . By 2002 , analysts estimated that the group had about 200 members . But Sendero , which always had worked closely with many of Peru 's estimated 300,000 coca growers and drug traffickers , was far from dead . In the early part of this decade , the U.S. State Department and others warned of a possible resurgence . That warning appears to have come to fruition . Perhaps most famously , Sendero set off a bomb outside the U.S. Embassy in Lima in March 2002 , a few days before President George W. Bush was to visit . Nine people died and 30 were injured . In a June 2003 attack on a jungle labor camp , rebels took about 70 workers hostage and demanded a large ransom . The workers were recovered safely , but there were conflicting reports on whether a ransom was paid . "  I 've been watching them reappear now with a sense of dread ... like dying embers that have been brought back to life , " said retired four-star Army Gen. Barry McCaffrey , who was drug policy director for President Clinton . Yonah Alexander , a senior fellow at the Potomac Institute for Policy Studies and director of its International Center for Terrorism Studies , said , "  The left-wing terrorists are still alive and kicking . " Aronson , the former assistant secretary of state , said he wonders whether Sendero is as strong as it was 20 years ago . "  It 's unclear whether this is just a localized version of Sendero or a movement that has some legs , " he said . Nonetheless , he added , the situation is "  worrisome . " Although Sendero was never popular with Peruvians , Alexander sees an ideological bent to the resurgence . "  You can arrest someone , " he said . "  You can kill someone . But you ca n't kill an idea . " And that idea , Alexander , Aronson and others say , has its roots in poor economic conditions and the lack of social justice . "  The mission that Sendero tried to communicate for a very long time is back there because circumstances changed . The circumstances are right for striking for social and economic reasons , " Alexander said , adding , "  I was surprised it did n't happen before . " McCaffrey in large part blames the Peruvian government . "  The problem is the country does n't work very well , " he said . "  Eighty-five percent of the people are living in rudimentary conditions . They look at their government and say . ` There 's no justice here . ' " Sendero 's renewed life , McCaffrey said , "  is a comment on the incompetence , the goofiness of the Peruvian government . " Aronson sees a "  resurgence of the left in Latin America partly because of the economic crisis . " At the heart of Sendero 's power lies its alliance with Peru 's drug trade , which often pays the guerrillas for security , intelligence and logistics . Marxist guerrillas in Colombia known as the FARC have struck a similar alliance with that country 's narcotraffickers . McCaffrey calls it "  a convergence between terrorism and crime . " The drug trade in Peru , he said , "  produces a mountain of cash , and Sendero will exploit that . " Aronson reiterated a point that U.S. officials have made before : The war on drugs can not be separated from the fight against terrorism . "  It just shows why fighting drugs is n't just about fighting drugs , " Aronson said . "  It 's about combating forces of violence that are attacking democracy . " And he and others said the Sendero has been allowed to get back in the game because the United States was not paying much attention , distracted in part by the September 11 , 2001 , attacks and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  This shows why we have to continue to pay attention and be involved in Latin America in a strong way , " Aronson said . Alexander said , "  This is a forgotten continent from the point of view of U.S. policy . It has fallen through the cracks . Everyone is looking elsewhere . "	"  They terrorized Peru , " ex-U.S. envoy says of Shining Path guerrillas during 1980s Arrests of top rebel leaders in the 1990s seemed to ensure group 's demise Poor economic conditions , lack of justice fuel group 's re-emergence , analysts say Ambush this month kills 14 government soldiers in latest of recent attacks
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Seventy days after his sudden death , Michael Jackson will be interred in what may or may not be his final resting place Thursday evening . A private funeral for Michael Jackson will be held Thursday in Glendale , California , his family says . Only his family and closest friends will attend the private burial starting at 7 p.m. PT  10 p.m. ET  inside the ornate Great Mausoleum on the grounds of Forest Lawn cemetery in Glendale , California . They 'll then drive to an Italian restaurant eight miles away in Pasadena , California for "  a time of celebration , " the nine-page engraved invitation said . The first page inside the invitation holds a quote from "  Dancing the Dream , " a book of essays and poems published by Jackson in 1992 : "  If you enter this world knowing you are loved and you leave this world knowing the same , then everything that happens in between can be dealt with . " Gallery : Invitation for Jackson 's service " The news media -- which have closely covered every aspect of Jackson 's death -- will be kept at a distance , with their cameras no closer than the cemetery 's main gate . The family will provide a limited video feed that will only show mourners arriving . Little is known about the planned ceremony , though CNN has confirmed that singer Gladys Knight -- a longtime friend to Jackson -- will perform . Her song has not been disclosed . The massive mausoleum , which is normally open to tourists , was closed Wednesday as preparations were completed for the funeral . A security guard blocking its entrance said it would reopen to the public on Friday . Fans of Clark Gable , Carole Lombard and dozens of other celebrities buried on the grounds have flocked to Forest Lawn-Glendale for decades , but Jackson may outdraw them all . It is unclear how close tourists will be allowed to Jackson 's resting place . Security guards -- aided by cameras -- keep a constant vigil over the graves and crypts , which are surrounded by a world-class collection of art and architecture . The Forest Lawn Web site boasts that the mausoleum , which draws its architectural inspiration from the Campo Santo in Italy , "  has been called the "  New World 's Westminster Abbey " by Time Magazine . Visitors will see "  exact replicas of Michelangelo 's greatest works such as David , Moses , and La Pieta " and "  Leonardo da Vinci 's immortal Last Supper re-created in brilliant stained glass ; two of the world 's largest paintings , " the Web site says . Jackson 's burial has been delayed by division among Jackson family members , though it was matriarch Katherine Jackson who would make the final decision , brother Jermaine Jackson recently told CNN . He preferred to see his youngest brother laid to rest at his former Neverland Ranch home , north of Los Angeles in Santa Barbara County , California . That idea was complicated by neighbors who vowed to oppose allowing a grave in the rural area -- and by Jackson family members who said the singer would not want to return to the home where he faced child molestation charges , of which he was ultimately acquitted . The mystery of where Michael Jackson would be buried became a media obsession in the weeks after his death . After his body was loaded onto a helicopter at UCLA 's Ronald Reagan Medical Center hours following his June 25 death , it stayed in the custody of the Los Angeles County coroner for an autopsy . It was only later disclosed that Jackson 's corpse was kept in a refrigerated room at the Hollywood Hills Forest Lawn cemetery until his casket was carried by motorcade to downtown Los Angeles for a public memorial service in the Staples Center arena . Again , speculation about Jackson 's whereabouts grew when the media lost track of his casket after his brothers carried it out of sight inside the arena . Though the family has not publicly confirmed where the body was taken , most reports placed it back at the Hollywood Hills Forest Lawn while awaiting his family 's decision . Though Thursday 's interment may settle one Michael Jackson mystery , a more serious one remains . The coroner announced last week that he had ruled Jackson 's death a homicide . A summary of the coroner 's report said the anesthetic propofol and the sedative lorazepam were the primary drugs responsible for the singer 's death . Los Angeles police detectives have not concluded their criminal investigation and no one has been charged .	NEW : Michael Jackson burial to begin at 7 p.m. PT  10 p.m. ET Jackson 's burial has been delayed by division among Jackson family members Coroner announced last week that he had ruled Jackson 's death a homicide No one has been charged in the pop singer 's death
New York  CNN  -- A Queens man who faces charges related to five firebombings in the New York City metropolitan area is undergoing a psychiatric evaluation , authorities said late Tuesday . The suspect was taken to a hospital in Queens after demonstrating irrational behavior , said Paul Browne , deputy commissioner for the New York Police Department . Ray Lazier Lengend , who police said has confessed to the attacks , is charged with five counts of criminal possession of a weapon  possession of an explosive  , one count of arson as a hate crime and four counts of arson . An Islamic center and a Hindu place of worship were among those bombed during Sunday 's conflagrations , which involved several Molotov cocktails . New York City Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne noted that the man had "  a gripe with someone at each location . " A source with knowledge of the investigation offered details Tuesday about the grievances that allegedly preceded the weekend 's attacks . "  In the case of the mosque ,  the suspect  was mad at them because they would n't let him use the bathroom , " the source told CNN . At the Hindu temple in the Jamaica neighborhood of Queens , which doubles as a residence , the accused arsonist allegedly had a dispute with someone who lived nearby or had worked there . At a grocery store set ablaze -- also in Jamaica , Queens -- the man allegedly told investigators that someone had thrown him out of the store for shoplifting , the source added . At a residence in Elmont , Long Island , the suspect allegedly told police that he was angry at an in-law who lived there . And at a torched Jamaica , Queens home , the suspect allegedly said that he was upset with someone who had sold him drugs . But , in that case , "  he accidentally set the wrong house on fire , " the source added . No injures were reported in any of the incidents . Video released Monday by police showed a person lobbing a flaming object toward a building . A fiery explosion can be seen an instant later . The incidents have ignited alarm . An official at the Imam Al-Khoei Islamic Center has said some 75 community members were leaving the center when they spotted a fire near the front door . He said they found "  two Molotov bombs " -- broken bottles containing flammable liquid . "  Thank God , nobody was injured and we 're OK , " said Maan Al-Sahlani , minister of religion at the center . "  It 's not major damage -- maybe because of the rain , maybe because our people tried to put down the fire . " Gov. Andrew Cuomo condemned the attacks in a statement Monday , saying such acts "  go against everything we stand for as New Yorkers and Americans . " The Council on American-Islamic Relations urged police to increase security around mosques . CNN 's Marina Landis contributed to this report	NEW : The suspect is taken to a hospital in Queens after demonstrating irrational behavior NEW : Ray Lazier Lengend has confessed to the attacks , police say NEW : Among other charges , he faces one count of arson as a hate crime
CNN  -- The National Football League is investigating whether draft prospect Nick Kasa was questioned about his sexual orientation during a recent scouting combine , a spokesman said Wednesday . "  Any team or employee that inquires about impermissible subjects or makes an employment decision based on such factors is subject to league discipline , " said NFL spokesman Greg Aiello . League policy states that teams "  neither consider nor inquire about sexual orientation in the hiring process , " Aiello said . "  In addition , there are specific protections in our collective bargaining agreement with the players that prohibit discrimination against any player , including on the basis of sexual orientation . " Kasa , who played tight end at the University of Colorado , told CNN earlier Wednesday that during the combine , he was asked : "  Do you have a girlfriend ? Are you married ? Do you like girls ? " "  Those kind of things , and it was kind of weird , " he told CNN . "  But like they would ask you with a straight face , and it 's a pretty weird experience altogether . " Kasa did not say who asked him those questions . NFL.com said that NFL teams "  try to catch prospects off-guard when they interview them at the NFL Scouting Combine . " The combine is a skills audition for NFL scouts and coaches before the draft , which this year will be held April 25 to 27 . Three years ago , however , the combine experienced controversy when Miami Dolphins General Manager Jeff Ireland asked Dez Bryant , now a Dallas Cowboys wide receiver , whether Bryant 's mother was a prostitute . Ireland was "  roundly criticized , " NFL.com said . CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	Colorado tight end Nick Kasa is asked , "  Do you like girls ? " he says NFL is going to investigate , spokesman says League prohibits discrimination on basis of sexual orientation Teams try to catch draft prospects off-guard in interviews at scouting combine
CNN  -- "  These are the explosive devices , they are all made locally , " Captain Daoud Hassan Mahmoud explains , crouching down and pointing to the metal cylinders , perhaps just 20cm in diameter -- dozens of them are lined up next to each other . The cylinders are packed with a deadly concoction of fertilizer , explosives and other chemicals bought from the local market . "  I do n't want to name them so that the government does n't confiscate them from the shops , " Mahmoud says . Placed on the top of the cylinder thick nuts and bolts -- which will turn into lethal shards of shrapnel once detonated : Crude , but highly effective . "  This one would blow up a jeep or a pick-up , " he says , pointing to two of the cylinders which a rebel is roughly taping together , in the final stages of preparation . "  For a tank or an armored vehicle we use six or eight . " Outgunned by Assad 's forces , the captain 's team -- the Daoud brigade -- is resorting to Iraq-style guerilla warfare , turning to roadside bombs and , in at least one case , a suicide bombing . Escalating violence limits U.N. observer mission in Syria , official says Clips said to be of the brigade 's operations are often posted to YouTube , starting off with a Quranic verse , followed by stylized graphics of the brigade 's name , and its division -- the Damascus Hawks . Hardly audible below the music -- a jihadi chorus meant to motivate -- a voice narrates each attack . The videos are all very similar in tone to those that came out of Iraq when al-Qaeda-allied insurgents there took on the US military . In that battlefield the IED proved to be the most effective weapons against American armor . In Syria today it is also becoming the weapon of choice . Mahmoud says they have received no outside help . "  Our funding is dependent on donations , a small collection of money . And what we 're able to capture from the Syrian military . We have not received any help even from the Free Syrian Army leadership or the Syrian National Council , " he claims . And so , he says , they have had to improvise . Is Syria in a civil war ? "  We only have AK 47s , sniper rifles , machine guns , " Mahmoud explains . "  And the regime is fighting us with tanks and rockets . We do n't have heavy weapons . We 're relying on mines and on making bombs . " Mahmoud says he commands 300 men . The Damascus Hawks Division is made up of around 8,000 , operating mostly in Idlib province . There is no way of confirming such claims . The division , he says , was first made up of defectors and civilians and has gradually increased in numbers . He says his men are moderate Islamists , who follow the military council of the Free Syrian Army , fighting for democracy . "  As military men , we do n't want to see one in power , " he says . "  We want a democratically elected president , we have to separate the military from the presidency . "  We are also fighting corruption and those opportunists that are in the Idlib countryside , " he continues , referring to people he says are capitalizing on the uprising to wreak havoc and carry out operations in the name of the opposition . The men look relaxed as they calmly mill around among the olive groves , AK 47s slung over their shoulders . This is territory they control . They are a ragtag collection of rebel fighters but in this part of Idlib province in Syria , they boast of taking the fight to the Syrian regime . Just back from a mission , one of the fighters explains that it failed . "  We set up an ambush against Assad 's army using IEDs but they received intelligence about our plan and rerouted the convoy . " Another claims his unit was successful . "  We destroyed an armored vehicle , " he boasts . This is now the Syrian battlefield . Fifteen months on , peaceful protests have morphed into more of an insurgency that threatens to become an all out war . U.S. military completes initial planning for Syria	Syrian rebels outgunned by Assad regime 's military might Fighters are turning to Iraqi insurgent style improvised bombs Devices made from pipes packed with fertilizer , chemicals and nuts and bolts
Stereotypes of Danish cuisine inevitably feature visions of streaky bacon and swirly pastries . But trail-blazing restaurants like the two Michelin-starred "  Noma " have ushered in a fashion for so-called "  New Nordic Cuisine " that has seen bon vivants straining their vocal chords in songs of praise . Copenhagen , the stylish Danish capital , is leading the way in this North European culinary revolution . Indeed , the latest edition of the Michelin Guide awarded the city 's restaurants an impressive 14 stars -- more than any other of its Scandinavian counterparts . But the city is also dotted with eateries for all occasions and tastes , offering more than just Michelin starred fine dining . Here is CNN 's at-a-glance guide to Europe 's new culinary capital . NomaFor a foraged feast Noma is hidden inside an 18th-century storage building that was once used to keep salt . Facing out onto the quiet waterways of Copenhagen Harbor , it 's an unassuming location for a two Michelin star restaurant , regularly touted by industry experts as the best in the world today . Ren Redzepi , founder and head chef , has been wowing foodies ever since Noma 's relatively recent emergence , with his extraordinary emphasis on local and foraged food , showcasing the cuisine of the cold North Atlantic . "  Vegetables in soil " offers perhaps the most illustrative and notorious example of Redzepi 's agrarian-focused philosophy . Locally sourced baby carrots , radishes , leeks and celeriac are served on a bed of "  soil " , which is in fact a combination of malt flour , hazelnut flour , melted butter and beer . Noma 's interior echoes this earthy outlook . Rustic wooden beams extend between the white-washed walls , and food is served on bare dark oak tables . Those with time on their hands should opt for the 12-course "  Noma Nassaaq " taster menu . The four-hour degustation begins with a platter of sea-buckthorn with pickled rose-hip petal , and culminates in a Jerusalem artichoke sorbet with apple , shortbread and chocolate discs , taking in a cosmic array of Nordic delights in between . See also : Indian master chef gets fresh at ` world 's best restaurant ' Royal CafFor quirks and curios Part design museum , part porcelain china shop , part upscale eatery , the Royal Caf is less fine dining , more Mad Hatter 's tea party . The interior is a sugary feast for the eyes . Ornate chandeliers hang from ceilings plastered with psychedelic wallpaper , and the long , slender room is adorned with curiosities that range from the sublime to the ridiculous , in a brand of dcor the caf calls "  funky baroque . " Created in collaboration with design legends like furniture company Fritz Hansen , architectural firm Arne Jacobsen and sound specialists Bang & Olufsen , the caf is a testament quintessentially Danish design . Aside from a delightful selection of salads , pastries and hot chocolates , the Royal Caf is best known for its modern take on traditional smrrebrd -- the famous Danish open sandwich typically adorned with meat or cheese . Here though , proprietor Rud Christiansen has added an east Asian dimension : sushi . The result is the endearingly termed "  Smushie " -- colourful bite-sized sandwiches piled high with a selection of fish and vegetables . Den kologiske PlsemandFor cheap eats Readers of Danish newspaper Politken were recently asked to select their favourite Copenhagen eating establishment . The locals voted overwhelmingly in favor of the "  Den kologiske Plsemand "  DOP  -- a humble hot dog stand . While the city is riddled with white vans peddling fairly predictable low-grade sausage and bun combos , DOP 's owner Claus Christensen has set his heart on introducing a better breed of fast food . Everything is organic , from the star attraction of grilled pork sausage to the remoulade and fried onions . The buns are made from slow-fermented sourdough bread and linseed -- the sort of thoughtful detail that explains why DOP has so quickly become the people 's champ . FiskebarenFor sea food fanciers In this fish-focused eatery , the main courses salute the unsung heroes of the North Sea , with often neglected specimens such as dab and whiting on the menu . Ordinarily hum-drum dishes are given a "  New Nordic Cuisine " - style twist . The fish and chips , for example , are made from fresh and zealously sourced haddock that is lightly smoked before frying , then cheekily served in the traditional newspaper cone . The dcor features the mesmerizing centrepiece of a cylindrical jellyfish tank and decorative meat hooks hang from the ceiling . The latter are a homage to Fiskebaren 's location in the former Meatpacking district  Vesterbro  . As is so often the case with formerly dilapidated industrial quarters , the area has become excruciatingly cool , so book in advance or face a long wait . Mielcke & Hurtigkarl For garden enthusiasts Situated in the Fredriksberg gardens , on grounds run by the Royal Danish Garden Society , Mielcke & Hurtigkarl infuses fine dining with prime horticulture to create a truly multi-sensory experience . Green textiles bring the encircling garden inside , as does a gently immersive soundscape that mimics the noise of forest creatures . All the while , shards of light dance on crystals hanging from the ceiling . The inventive kitchen pairs rare ingredients from around the world . Foie gras positioned on top of a "  bark " made of bull kelp from Vancouver Island and a dessert of deconstructed berries , lavender ice cream , "  spherified "  gelled  ruccula and apricot , and fresh clovers is a dish indicative of Mielcke & Hurtigkarl 's blend of humor and haute cuisine .	Copenhagen is at the heart of the wave of "  New Nordic Cuisine " Restaurants like two Michelin-starred "  Noma " have put Scandanvian food on the map CNN showcases eateries for every palate in a culinary tour of Copenhagen
The West has slapped stringent sanctions on Russia in response to the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 , believed by the U.S. and others to have been shot down with a Russia-supplied Buk missile system by eastern Ukraine rebels . While the introduction of financial sanctions will create the most immediate squeeze on Russia , it is the crack-down on the arms trade which has triggered debate . Future imports and exports between the EU and Russia are now banned -- but existing contracts , including France 's $ 1.6 billion Mistral-class warships deal , are allowed to go ahead . But Russia is one of the few countries in the world that is nearly self-sufficient in its defense production , according to IHS Jane 's expert Guy Anderson . So will the arms embargo have an impact ? Here is a cheat-sheet on Europe 's arms trade with Russia . How big is the arms trade between Europe and Russia ? European Union countries earned $ 583 million from weapons exports to Russia in 2013 , the bulk of which was part-payment of the Mistral deal , according to analysis from IHS Jane 's . Russia is , by comparison , the world 's second largest military exporter after the U.S. , earning $ 13.2 billion from arms exports last year . Its biggest customers are India and China , countries which have not joined the sanctions against Russia . The industry is heavily regulated and EU figures track the bloc 's arms trade by licenses approved . In total , European Union countries granted 922 licenses to sell $ 259 million worth of weapons to Russia in 2012 , according to the latest statistics available . However , according to Anderson , the licenses -- which in the UK , for example , expire after two years -- are more an "  expression of intent " than indication of likely sales . The trade with Russia compares to $ 4.3 billion worth of weapons the EU licensed arms companies to sell to the U.S. . What are the biggest deals ? While Russia is a significant player in the supply of arms , it has also leaned on Europe for some big deals . The biggest -- and now most controversial -- is the Mistral contract of 2011 , signed by France 's previous government . The warships are powerful vessels equipped with six helicopter landing zones . Each of them can carry up to 16 heavy helicopters and around 500 marines . The first of the two carriers due to be delivered is now completing sea trials , and 400 Russian troops are currently training on it in the French port of Saint-Nazaire . David Prater , of Stockholm International Peace Research Institute  SIPRI  , said they were Russia 's first "  serious " weapon supplied by Europe . Russia 's other significant deals include its purchase of two German engines for missile boats in 2001 , and four light transport aircraft from the Czech Republic in 2012 , according to the SIPRI databases . Details on the contracts are scarce but the Czech planes were reported to be worth around $ 3.2 million each . Russia also bought 60 army vehicles , reportedly worth estimated $ 24 million , from Italy in 2011 . According to the SIPRI , Russia has also agreed to buy at least eight drones from Israel in 2009 , worth a reported $ 50 million . Russia was also importing arms and military equipment from Ukraine , but the Russian Defense Ministry was reported saying it would phase this out within two years . "  Ironically , the loss of Ukraine as a supplier to Russia is far more significant that the loss of Europeans , " Anderson said . "  A lot of subcontracted work for Russia 's industrial base took place in Ukraine . " Russian President Vladimir Putin 's office did not respond to a request for comment on the deals and impact of sanctions . Why is the Mistral deal so politically hot ? The Mistral warships -- which experts say are "  very capable weapons of mobile war " -- have landed France in a politically awkward spot . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius last week argued the country is contractually obligated to deliver the ships -- but his comments were made as European relations with Russia deteriorated . UK Prime Minister David Cameron declared the deal 's completion "  unthinkable " before being slapped back by Fabius , who echoed the phrase in reference to the UK 's involvement in the 2003 Iraq invasion . The Mistral deal keeps some 1,000 Frenchmen and women employed in a country with a 10 % unemployment rate -- and reversing it would be costly . However , French President Francois Hollande has thrown doubt on delivery of the second ship , saying last week it "  depends on Russia 's attitude . " What happens next ? European leaders are trying to hit Russia where it hurts with the latest round of sanctions . As of Thursday , Russia state-owned banks will be restricted from accessing European capital markets and exports of oil-related equipment and technology to Russia will be slowed or stopped by red tape . All new contracts for arms imports and exports between the EU and Russia will stop , and there will be a prohibition on exporting goods and technology that can be used for both military and civilian purposes . But in the short-term , the arms ban is unlikely to have a significant impact on Russia 's military might . "  The embargo in itself does n't change anything in Russian military capabilities right now , " Siemon Wezeman , senior researcher with SIPRI said . In the long term , he said , Russia could feel pain from losing access to the latest high-tech defense electronic systems developed in the EU . Opinion : We must end this trade in weapons of warNina Dos Santos : To punish Russia , Europe must be prepared to suffer Map : Europe 's thirst for Russian gas	As part of its sanctions against Russia , the EU has cracked down on the arms trade with Moscow But Russia is one of the few countries in the world that is nearly self-sufficient in its defense production In the short-term , the arms ban is unlikely to have a significant impact on Russia 's military might
For many travelers , jetsetting lost its glamorous allure decades ago . Still , there are a handful of holdouts who still view flying through the lens of seductive aviation epics like "  Catch Me If You Can " . For the likes of Cliff Muskiet and Vicky and Steve Everson , the charm of aviation 's golden era can be resurrected through their plane-themed collections . Muskiet , for instance , has amassed over 1,000 cabin crew uniforms , which he keeps stored at his home . His collection spans seven continents and as many decades . "  At the moment , I want to have them with me , but eventually I would like to make a book -- maybe a coffee table book . To do that , though , I need a big bag of money , " he says . The Eversons , who wed inside a Concorde four years ago , make Muskiet 's collection look tame . The couple , who met online and soon bonded over their shared love of plane paraphernalia , spent # 40,000  $ 67,000  converting their home in Lancashire , UK into a Boeing 737 airplane , complete with a flight simulator . "  The corridor used to be full of aircraft parts . We had to cut a door for the flight deck in the bathroom , " admits Steve . The collection grew so big that the couple eventually had to outsource it to an office space down the street . They have since started charging fellow flight fanatics for the chance to try out the simulator  they dub it the Flight Deck Experience  . "  We wanted people to feel like they were boarding a real aircraft . It adds to the whole experience , " says Steve .	Cliff Muskiet loves stewardess uniforms . He 's collected over 1,000 over the years . Vicky and Steve Everson bonded over their love of flight . The couple married in a retired Concorde . The Eversons grew their collection into a museum space with flight simulator .
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Los Angeles ' Interstate 405 will reopen as soon as 11:30 a.m.  2:30 p.m. ET  Sunday , more than 17 hours ahead of schedule , Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa said Sunday . The freeway has been closed since Friday night to allow crews to demolish a section of bridge to make way for a car pool lane . The anticipated gloom and doom did n't produce gridlock . In fact , rather heavenly highway conditions were reported despite the closing of the major freeway for an expansion project . Southern California residents were heeding an unprecedented local public awareness campaign urging drivers to stay home while Interstate 405 was closed in the heart of the city , the nation 's second-largest . But officials still were n't taking chances early in the weekend . "  So far , so good , " California Department of Transportation spokeswoman Judy Gish told CNN early Saturday afternoon . She acknowledged Californians have now coined a new word to replace the "  Carmageddon " buzzword . "  Carmaheaven , I 've heard that , " Gish said . "  Well , you know , I think what 's important to address is if people start driving as usual , we will have Carmaggedon . "  It 's been relatively light because people have been listening to the message , and they are not out on the road . We want to make sure they do n't get complacent and say , ` There 's nothing to get alarmed about and I may as well go out . ' And if they do , we may see those delays that we warned them about , " Gish said . Traffic was also unusually light on Pacific Coast Highway , a recommended alternative route for motorists traveling to Los Angeles International Airport . And parking lots at Santa Monica Beach , typically packed on a sunny Saturday , were relatively empty . The closure of the 405 is being deemed such a potentially calamitous event that locals called it "  Carmaggedon . " That 's because southern California is notorious for its love affair with the car and its reluctance to embrace public transportation . One of the busiest freeways in the country , the 405 is one of two mountain passes in the heart of Los Angeles and is the major coastal artery connecting southern California with the rest of the state . "  We are the car capital of the United States of America and the single-passenger-car capital , " Villaraigosa told CNN . A 10-mile stretch of 10-lane I-405 closed for the demolition of a bridge section made for a surreal scene overnight -- a stretch of freeway without any traffic . It is expected to remain that way for about 53 hours . Crews closed ramps late Friday on the 405 , where it passes over the Santa Monica Mountains , California Department of Transportation officials said . The $ 1.2 billion construction project calls for replacing a portion of a bridge at Mulholland Drive , a mountain summit road that is featured in many Hollywood films , authorities said . A year from now , crews will have to shut down the 405 again to replace a final portion of the Mulholland Drive bridge , officials said . Villaraigosa said officials carried out "  an unprecedented " campaign urging motorists to stay put or use public transportation . "  It does n't have to be ` Carmageddon . ' That 's why we have done so much outreach to the public , " the mayor said . The weekend construction project should be completed by 5 a.m. Monday to accommodate the morning rush hour , officials said . The project also calls for adding a car-pool lane in each direction , creating "  the largest HOV system in the world " at 48.6 miles in length between the San Fernando Valley and Orange County , said Mike Miles , the California Department of Transportation 's director for Los Angeles and Ventura counties . The two-year project will replace two more bridges , also to accommodate the widening of the 405 , and will improve about two dozen on-off ramps and add 18 miles of sound-deadening walls for nearby residents , Miles said . "  This is a big project that is much needed , and it will be a great benefit to the public , " Miles said . The 405 is usually one of the busiest freeways in the country , carrying about 500,000 cars a day through the Sepulveda Pass , a critical artery connecting Californians along the coast . The 405 achieved notoriety on national television as the corridor that former NFL player O.J. Simpson used as he was being slowly chased by police in 1994 . The highway also cuts through the west side of Los Angeles , an area that includes the high-status communities of Bel Air , Brentwood , Beverly Hills and Santa Monica . The four-mile southbound section is closed between U.S. 101 and Getty Center Drive ramps . The 10-mile northbound section is closed between U.S. 101 and Interstate 10 . Los Angeles International Airport is urging travelers to get there by public transit , especially rail , or to stay at nearby hotels for early morning flights . There is an app , or several , for "  Carmageddon . " KABC has partnered with Waze , the mobile social traffic and navigation app , to help navigate the traffic . "  The app provides free turn-by-turn GPS navigation based on the live conditions of the road , " the station said . Celebrities are even tweeting -- cheekily -- about this weekend 's affront to the Los Angeles driving experience . Twitter titan and actor Ashton Kutcher has gotten into the act : "  LAPD askd me 2tweet : 405fwy btwn 10 & 101 will b closed July16-17 . In xchange I would like a free pass on that stoplight tickt IT WAS YELLOW . " When shown a copy of the tweet while he was being interviewed on CNN , the mayor laughed about the request to fix the ticket . "  No , thank you , Ashton , " Villaraigosa said . CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki and Zohreen Adamjee contributed to this report .	NEW : Interstate 405 expected to open ahead of schedule , Villaraigosa says Traffic is relatively light on Los Angeles ' freeways Interstate 405 in Los Angeles carries about 500,000 cars a day It 's one of two major mountain highway passes in the heart of the nation 's second-largest city
CNN  -- World No. 1 Rory McIlroy continued his superb form on the PGA Tour with a eight-under-par 64 to share the lead in the BMW Championship at Crooked Stick Thursday . McIlroy came into the third leg of the FedExCup playoffs off the back of his win at the Deutsche Bank Championship and was in no mood to rest on his laurels , firing seven birdies and an eagle in the first round against a single bogey . The 23-year-old from Northern Ireland rolled home a six-foot birdie putt on the ninth , his final hole , to join U.S. Open champion Webb Simpson , Bo Van Pelt and Canadian Graeme DeLaet in the clubhouse lead . Playing partner Tiger Woods drained a long birdie putt on the par-five hole to be one back on 65 as the pair treated the galleries in Indiana to a real treat . BMW Championship latest scores McIlroy has not looked back since claiming the final major of 2012 at the U.S. PGA Championship , and his friendly rivalry with Woods is becoming a feature of the season . The pair were interviewed together after their rounds and 14-time major winner Woods was fulsome in his praise of the young pretender to his throne . "  This is the next generation , he 's a really nice kid and the game of golf is in good hands , " the American said . Veteran Fijian Vijay Singh produced a superb birdie burst on his back nine to join Woods in the clubhouse on seven under , while defending champion Justin Rose of England opened with a 67 . ` Hot putter ' Snedeker snares U.S. Ryder Cup place Former world No. 1 Luke Donald was tied for seventh on 66 , while fellow 2012 Ryder Cup players Ian Poulter , Graeme McDowell , Lee Westwood , Dustin Johnson and Steve Stricker were on 68 in a group also including British Open champion Ernie Els , runner-up Adam Scott and Louis Oosthuizen -- who was second at the Deutsche Bank event . U.S. Ryder Cup teammates Phil Mickelson , Bubba Watson , Brandt Snedeker and Jim Furyk shot 69 , as did Sergio Garcia -- who secured his place on the European team for this month 's match at Medinah by winning the Wyndham Championship in August . Padraig Harrington and Hunter Mahan , who missed out on being among their respective team captains ' wild-card picks , shot 70 to be tied for 41st while automatic U.S. selections Keegan Bradley  71  and Jason Dufner  72  were further back . With preferred lies and soft conditions , scoring was low on a course with a fearsome reputation with only 10 players in the 70-strong elite field over par . Only the top 30 in the FedEx rankings go through to the Tour Championship in Atlanta in two weeks ' time to have the chance to win a $ 10 million bonus for the overall winner .	Rory McIlroy well placed for back-to-back wins in FedExCup playoffs McIlroy shoots eight-under 64 to tie for first-round lead at BMW Championship Playing partner Tiger Woods also in the hunt after carding 65 on Thursday U.S. Open champion Webb Simpson , Bo Van Pelt and Graham DeLaet also shoot 64
CNN  -- Japanese veteran Kimiko Date Krumm has reached the Japan Open final with a 3-6 7-6  7-5  7-5 victory over third seed Shahar Peer of Israel in Osaka . Krumm became the oldest woman to beat a top-10 player on the WTA Tour when she defeated Australia 's Sam Stosur on Friday . Now the unseeded 40-year-old , who came out of retirement in 2008 , is in line to replace Billie Jean King as the oldest player to win a WTA singles title . Twelve-time grand slam winner King was 39 years , seven months and 23 days old when she won her last WTA Tour title back in 1983 . "  Considering my age and the years I was away from the tour , I would say this is a miracle . I just hope that my physical and mental health will last one more game , " Date Krumm said , BBC Sport reported . Date Krumm will play 33-year-old Tamarine Tanasugarn from Thailand in Sunday 's final . The finalists combined age of 73 years makes it the oldest final in WTA Tour history , according to WTATour.com . Meanwhile , Ana Ivanovic made it to her first final in 19 months after she defeated Italy 's Roberta Vinci 6-3 7-5 in the semi-finals at the Generali Ladies Linz event in Austria . The Serb , who was handed a wildcard entry for the tournament took just 70 minutes to overcome Vinci . She will face Switzerland 's Patty Schnyder in Sunday 's final . Schnyder , who had to save two match points in her semi-final , eventually overcame German sixth seed Andrea Petkovic 6-2 4-6 7-5 in two hours 15 minutes .	Kimiko Date Krumm makes Japan Open final after beating third seed Shahar Peer Date Krumm now aiming to succeed Billie Jean King as oldest player to win WTA title Ana Ivanovic reaches first final in 19 months at Generali Ladies Linz event in Austria
CNN  -- Texas Rep. Ron Paul is making his third bid for the White House armed with the same libertarian-leaning stances that cultivated a dedicated following during his 11 terms in the House of Representatives . Those positions -- calls for limited government , reduced federal spending and less U.S. involvement overseas -- are now in the fore of national politics with the rise of the Tea Party and the country 's financial situation . Paul is perhaps most famous for his calls to abolish the Internal Revenue Service and Federal Reserve and return to a gold standard , views he often advocates as a member of the House Financial Services Committee . And as a member of the International Relations Committee , he has consistently voted against authorizing military action overseas and opposed U.S. support for the International Monetary Fund and the World Trade Organization . He has also called for constitutional amendments to abolish personal income , estate and gift taxes . But those are some of the same issues that made him and his son , Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul , darlings of the Tea Party movement and especially popular among young conservatives whom he visits on college campuses across the country . He often says he was fighting for those issues before they were popular . More Ron Paul coverage on the CNN Political Ticker "  Mainstream is now thinking about these things . Before , mainstream was deficits do n't matter , print money when you need it , endless wars , personal privacy that did n't mean anything , " Paul said on CNN 's "  State of the Union " recently . "  But believe me , mainstream is moving in the direction that I have been talking about for a long time , and therefore nobody knows what the outcome will be in this election . " Although he raises significant campaign funds , fundraising success does n't necessarily translate to electoral wins . While running for the 2008 GOP nomination , Paul raised $ 20 million in the last quarter of 2007 , mostly through individual contributions , which was twice as much raised by eventual Republican nominee Sen. John McCain of Arizona . But he barely breached 10 % in the early presidential voting states . After he dropped out of the race in June 2008 , he used his remaining funds to form Campaign for Liberty , designed to support candidates who agreed with his policy stances . An early champion of virtual campaigning , Paul coined the term "  money bomb " for setting a fundraising goal over a set period of time on his website . He raised more than $ 1 million during his most recent "  money bomb " in June but fell short of the $ 2 million goal . The Pittsburgh native first ran for the White House in 1988 as the Libertarian Party candidate against Republican George H.W. Bush and Democrat Michael Dukakis , ultimately receiving 0.5 percent of the vote , or 432,000 votes , in the general election . But do n't expect him to seek a third-party bid in 2012 . "  We do n't have a democracy in this country . It 's so biased , " Paul told CNN chief political correspondent Candy Crowley . "  If you 're a third party , you ca n't -- I ca n't get into debates as a third-party candidate . When I did it as a third party , I spent over half my money just to get on the ballot . " As a GOP candidate he will also promote more socially conservative stances , popular with Republican voters in many of the early nominating states . He has said he believes marriage is the union between a man and a woman , but voted in 2004 and 2006 against a proposed constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage , something he said is an increase in federal power . Paul also told Wolf Blitzer in May that he supports the "  protection of all human life . " "  I 'm for repealing Roe v. Wade . And it 's not an attack on women 's rights , " Paul said on CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " "  Women have rights , but they also have a responsibility if they 're responsible for life . " Paul has a unique perspective as a specialist in obstetrics/gynecology who has delivered more than 4,000 babies . After graduating from Gettysburg College and the Duke University School of Medicine , he served as a flight surgeon in the U.S. Air Force before moving to Texas with his wife Carol and eventually representing the 14th District that includes the cities of Victoria and Galveston . He will be 77 in 2012 , but Paul , a father of five and grandfather of 18 , said he does n't feel old . "  Where do I get my energy and where do I get my support and the enthusiasm ? It comes from the young people , " Paul told Blitzer . "  That really excites me because this issue is so important . It 's important to my kids . It 's an important point to all the kids of America . "	This will be Rep. Ron Paul 's third presidential run Paul ran as the Libertarian Party 's candidate in 1988 and for the GOP nomination in 2008 Paul is serving his 11th term in the House of Representatives
CNN  -- Young striker Mario Balotelli made a goalscoring return to Inter Milan 's line-up as the Italian champions bounced back from last weekend 's defeat to maintain a one-point lead in Serie A on Saturday . The 19-year-old was welcomed back into the squad after apologizing during the week following his falling-out with manager Jose Mourinho , and helped Inter stay ahead of Roma with a 3-1 victory at home to Bologna . It was a successful end to a mixed week for Mourinho , who had announced his unhappiness with Italian football before Wednesday 's 1-0 win over CSKA Moscow in the first leg of the Champions League quarterfinals . Brazilian midfielder Thiago Motta put Inter ahead in the 29th minute with the first of his two goals , firing in a shot from the edge of the penalty area after controlling the ball on his chest . Balotelli marked his first outing since March 7 with the second seven minutes after halftime with a cool finish following a pass from strike partner Diego Milito . Motta sealed a comfortable victory ahead of Tuesday 's trip to Russia as he slotted in with five minutes left after a neat exchange with Dejan Stankovic . Second-placed Roma kept in touch with six matches to play following a 1-0 victory at mid-table Bari , where striker Mirko Vucinic returned from illness to net the winner in the 19th minute . The Montenegro hitman netted his ninth league goal this season after Francesco Totti combined well with Luca Toni , as Roma survived an earlier scare when defender Nicolas Burdisso had to clear Barreto 's close-range effort off the line . Rodrigo Taddei missed a late chance to double the lead as Claudio Ranieri 's team extended their unbeaten Serie A run to 22 matches . AC Milan remained two points behind Roma in third after winning 3-2 at mid-table Cagliari , with all five goals coming in the first half . Milan twice led through Marco Borriello and Klaas Jan Huntelaar , but teenage striker Daniele Ragatzu brought the Sardinians level both times before the hosts conceded an unfortunate own-goal in the 38th minute when goalkeeper Federico Marchetti knocked the ball onto teammate Davide Astori and into the net . Palermo suffered a setback in their bid to qualify for the Champions League after losing 2-0 at Catania , who moved seven points clear of the relegation zone . Maxi Lopez 's first-half double meant that the fourth-placed Sicilians were joined on 51 points by Sampdoria , who won 2-1 at 10-man Chievo . Former Italy striker Antonio Cassano scored in the first minute and fellow forward Giampaolo Pazzini made it 2-0 in the 55th before the 14th-placed Verona side lost defender Santiago Morero following a second booking in nine minutes . Andrea Mantovani reduced the deficit on 76 but Sampdoria held on to boost hopes of a European place next season . Napoli took sixth place after a 1-1 draw at Lazio , who moved three points clear of the bottom three , as Juventus suffered a 3-0 defeat at Udinese in the late match . Udinese moved four points above the bottom three as Chilean midfielder Alexis Sanchez opened the scoring in the ninth minute , while Simone Pepe  65  and captain Antonio Di Natale  77  wrapped up victory in the second half . Fiorentina drew 1-1 at Parma to maintain eighth place on goal difference from Genoa , who were held by the same score at home to bottom club Livorno . Atalanta moved five points clear of Siena with a 2-0 win over the second-bottom side , but still remained in the drop zone .	Inter Milan maintain one-point lead in Serie A with 3-0 victory over Bologna Mario Balotelli makes a goalscoring return following his row with manager Jose Mourinho Roma stay second with 1-0 victory away to Bari , extending unbeaten run to 22 matches Third-placed AC Milan defeat Cagliari 3-2 to be three points behind city rivals Inter
CNN  -- It was the most devastating news an unsuspecting new parent could ever hear . I could n't wrap my brain around what the neurologist was telling me . Finally , I stopped her . "  Is this bad , " I asked . "  Yes , " she replied . "  So what you 're telling me is that my son has a fatal disease ? " "  Yes , " she said again . It was like someone had just pushed me off a cliff . Our son Jonah Weishaar was diagnosed with Sanfilippo Syndrome Type C in May 2010 when he was 22 months old . At the time of his diagnosis , he was asymptomatic , and he still is -- but the clock is ticking . Our geneticist gave us the best advice she could give in this situation . She told us that this did n't have to be a death sentence for Jonah . With the scientific advancements happening now , treatments that were unimaginable a few years ago are becoming a reality . This was all we needed to hear . We hit the ground running . A few weeks later , Jonah 's Just Begun was formed . The foundation is aimed at curing Sanfilippo Syndrome . We have two goals : To drive the science that will ultimately lead to a cure , and to raise awareness for all rare diseases . Actor Jonny Lee Miller of the TV show "  Elementary " is running a 50-mile ultra-marathon in honor of Jonah 's Just Begun . Having him endorse us is a dream come true , and I 'll never be able to thank him enough . We 've also formed a consortium of scientists , clinicians and parents all focused on saving our children 's lives . We call this consortium HANDS  Helping Advance Neurodegenerative Disease Science  . Today , we have four research projects in the works . In the coming weeks we will announce the official Sanfilippo patient registry and a natural history study , which follows a group of people with a disease over time . A child 's struggle inspires drive for cure Sanfilippo Syndrome is caused by a single gene defect . Because of that defect , an enzyme is not produced . This enzyme 's job is to break down heparan sulfate , a long sugar chain . If the heparan sulfate is not broken down , it 's stored in every cell , and that causes a cascade of bodily dysfunctions . First affected is the central nervous system , causing profound brain damage . Also typical is hearing and vision loss , organ damage and bone deformities . Eventually a person dies after becoming unable to eat , walk or talk . There are four different enzymes responsible for breaking down heparan sulfate : They are designated A , B , C and D. Jonah has Sanfilippo C , which along with D is ultra-rare and occurs in one of 1.4 million births . Type A  one in 100,000 births  and Type B  one in 200,000 births  are more common and thought to be more severe . Most children with those types do n't live past their teenage years . Type C and D children usually have less severe symptoms . The children suffer brain damage in early elementary school ; some live into their mid-20s . Most children succumb to organ failure or upper respiratory infections . A rare disease in the smallest of patients Children appear normal at birth , meeting their milestones . During the preschool years parents start to notice something wrong and the children seem to slow developmentally . Their speech is delayed , in part due to accumulated fluid in the middle ears . They have constant ear and upper respiratory infections , along with diarrhea . The texture of their hair turns kinky and thick . The children are described as having "  coarse " features -- protruding foreheads , thick eyebrows , flat noses and full lips . Next the children start to behave erratically , with hyperactivity , sleep disturbances and compulsions . The skills they have learned fall by the wayside . They are back in diapers , wandering aimlessly . Some stop sleeping for days . Jonah is 4 years old now , and we 've seen no sign of cognitive delay or regression . He does have a speech delay because of fluid in his middle ear , and he is on his third set of tubes . He 's constantly congested and has minor bone deformities -- flared ribs and a raised sternum , for example . He goes to preschool full-time and has speech , occupational and physical therapy . He 's happy and full of life , a character and the light of our lives . There are close to 7,000 rare diseases affecting about 25 million people in the United States , according to the National Institutes of Health . About 80 % of them are genetic , and it is estimated about half affect children . Sanfilippo is not complicated like Parkinson 's or Alzheimer 's , it 's just ultra-rare , so the pharmaceutical industry has not taken notice . Very few federal dollars are allocated for funding rare disease research , and most go toward the diseases with larger patient populations . A disease is considered rare in the United States if fewer than 200,000 people have it . Sanfilippo type C has a known patient population of 16 kids in the United States . Living with a rare disease , making a difference It 's left to the parents to lay all the groundwork to de-risk treatments for the drug makers . Our consortium wants to create a patient registry , conduct a natural history study and fund a treatment so we can hand it over to a drug company in hopes a treatment will be created . Jonah could be the first child to ever walk away from Sanfilippo type C. He 's priceless , and just like the thousands of other children affected by a rare and fatal genetic disease , he deserves a chance to live .	Jill Wood 's 4-year-old son Jonah has a rare and fatal disease Her family has formed a foundation to seek a cure and raise awareness TV star Jonny Lee Miller is running an ultra-marathon to benefit the foundation
CNN  -- Authorities have made a second arrest related to a series of arsons in the Coatesville , Pennsylvania , area , the Chester County Arson Task Force said late Thursday . Roger Leon Barlow is one of two people arrested in suspected arsons around Coatesville , Pennsylvania . Mark Gilliam , 20 , of West Chester , Pennsylvania , was arrested Thursday on a federal charge of attempted arson in the town of Thorndale on January 25 , authorities said . Gilliam was arrested at his residence without incident , according to the task force . Gilliam is expected to have his initial appearance on Friday in U.S. District Court in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Roger Leon Barlow , 19 , of Downingtown , Pennsylvania , was arraigned Thursday afternoon on charges that he is responsible for several of the 23 suspected arsons in and around Coatesville since January 1 , said Chester County District Attorney Joseph Carroll . Watch authorities announce his arrest " He is charged with "  arson and related offenses " in connection with at least nine of the fires . Among them was a spree that destroyed 15 homes in late January , His bail was set at $ 9 million . Special agent Mark Porter of the multi-agency task force that has been investigating the fires said the group is still investigating the other blazes and will "  continue our efforts until everyone is brought to justice ... and we can bring some sense of peace to the city . " The task force would not comment on a possible motive , but Carroll said he does not suspect Barlow of a hate crime , classified as targeting an individual group or gang-related activity . CNN 's Deb Feyerick and Kristen Hamill contributed to this report .	NEW : Mark Gilliam , 20 , arrested Thursday on a federal charge Roger Leon Barlow , 19 , arraigned Thursday in connection with at least 9 fires The fires have plagued the community in and around Coatesville since January 1 One fire in late January destroyed 15 homes
With Iran 's president in New York for the UN General Assembly , an Iranian-American family in Michigan is appealing to Mahmoud Ahmadinejad publicly to have their son - imprisoned in Iran on espionage charges - released before his father dies of brain cancer . In a hospital interview with CNN , the father of former US marine Amir Mirzaei Hekmati , says if his son is not released soon , he will pass away without ever seeing him again . "  Please , please , please release an innocent man , " pleaded the father , Ali Hekmati , who had a cancerous tumor removed from his brain . "  Reunite him with his father , his mother . " Ali Hekmati 's doctor says the cancer is incurable and that he has just months to live . He will undergo radiation treatment and chemotherapy in hopes of extending his life long enough embrace his son one last time . Family pleads for son 's release "  That 's my biggest fear , that he may not see me and that 's my last wish , to hug him and kiss him before I pass to the other side , " Ali Hekmati said . Amir Hekmati , a former marine and decorated Iraq war veteran , was born in Arizona and raised in Nebraska and Michigan . Within weeks of setting foot in Iran for the first time in August 2011 to visit his grandmother , he was arrested , interrogated , imprisoned . Months later he appeared on Iranian TV , showcased as a confessed CIA operative . "  They forced him to do that . That 's not true , " said Hekmati 's mother , Behnaz , referring to the alleged confession . "  They knew he was a military  soldier  because he told the Embassy of Iran he was in the military , " she adds , explaining that her son checked with Iranian authorities in the United States before making the trip . The U.S. State Department also denies Hekmati was spying for the U.S. government and calls the case a gross miscarriage of justice . "  We never thought he should have been arrested . We 've been trying , because he 's a dual U.S.-Iranian national , we 've been trying to get access to him since he was originally locked up , " said State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland . "  The Iranians have never allowed us to go to see him . " Mother of accused U.S. spy says Iranian charges are false A court convicted Hekmati of espionage , sentencing him to death , but he has since been granted a retrial . He remains in prison in Iran and has no idea that his father is dying , his family said . He has a government-approved lawyer in Iran , but contact with him has been sporadic . His father 's neurosurgeon , Dr. Ryan Barrett , believes the emotional stress of his son 's imprisonment will make cancer treatment more challenging . Although the Iranian president has thus far declined to meet with the Hekmatis or discuss Amir 's case , the former marine 's mother is convinced Ahmadinejad will hear their pleas . "  I 'm sure that he 's going to hear my voice . He 's in the United States ; he 's going to listen to me , " said Amir 's mother . "  I just want him to hear my voice as a mother . " She has traveled to Iran three times and been granted limited visits . She described her son as disheartened and completely confused as to why he was arrested . "  He is skinny , pale , like a chalk , his face was like chalk . Hair was shaved , had a beard , he walked like this and the feet was together he walked like a robot , " she said . "  He could n't stop crying and he was  saying  ' I do n't know why I 'm here , ' Mom . " Opinion : Can Iran and America be friends ?	Mother appeals publicly to President Ahmadinejad for Amir Hekmati 's release Former U.S. marine is unaware his father is dying of brain cancer "  That 's my last wish , to hug him and kiss him , " his father says "  They forced him " to confess to espionage , his mother says . "  That 's not true "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- He performed at Ellen DeGeneres ' wedding this past summer , and he 's as quick-witted as Adam Sandler . Could Joshua Radin be the next great wedding singer ? Joshua Radin got a push from old friend Zach Braff , but has been making his own fans . "  No , do n't say that , " the singer-songwriter says good-naturedly . "  Wedding singers play covers and they 're usually Motown songs . I do n't know any Al Green . " Maybe not -- and Al Green did n't record for Motown , either -- but Radin hopes to put a little love in your heart with his sophomore album , "  Simple Times . " "  It 's about my whole life . Every song I write is an honest account of my life . They 're sort of like journal entries , " he says . "  So this one 's about falling in and out of love , it 's about my friends , it 's about my family . It 's about the world we live in . " Radin 's world has been anything but simple these past few years . Since actor Zach Braff -- a buddy from Northwestern University -- promoted the Cleveland , Ohio-born musician 's tunes on the TV sitcom "  Scrubs , " Radin 's vulnerable lyrics and whispery delivery have caught on . Primetime programs like "  Grey 's Anatomy " and "  American Idol " also used his music , and before long Radin had a debut album -- 2006 's critically acclaimed "  We Were Here " -- and a reason to hit the road . Radin  who has a loud , hearty laugh for a guy whose songs are pretty melancholy  dropped by CNN 's New York offices to talk about how he landed that wedding gig , and some of the unusual surfaces he uses to jot down lyrics . The following is an edited version of the interview . Watch Radin cause hearts to melt " CNN : A lot of your songs are about heartache and heartbreak . Are you sad all the time ? Joshua Radin : No , not at all . Just tired . CNN : Why so tired ? Radin : Because I play a lot of shows all the time . When you 're trying to get your music out to as many people as humanly possible , you got ta go places ... all the time , and talk about it and play songs and you get a little less sleep than you might like . It 's cool . But in terms of the heartache I guess I get my sad out by writing songs . CNN : How do you get your happy out ? Radin : Hanging out with people I like . CNN : Speaking of people you like , Zach Braff -LSB- is -RSB- a big buddy of yours ... Radin : Never met him . CNN : Liar ! Radin : He 's a very close friend and he 's been very supportive . CNN : Some might say that without Zach Braff 's support you might not have come to the fore as you have ... Radin : I would n't even be born . CNN : Do you sort of feel like you are going to be indebted to him for the rest of your life ? Radin : No , he 's pretty much indebted to me . I mean he got to launch my career  laughs  . I 'm just kidding . CNN : You sang at Ellen DeGeneres ' wedding . How did that come about ? Radin : I played her show in January and she came up to me after we soundchecked the song -LSB- "  Today " -RSB- and said , "  That 's the song I want to walk down the aisle to . " And I thought she was just being nice , really . And then about two days before the wedding -- I was on tour -- I got a call saying she wanted me to come in and she was going to have her wedding for a very intimate gathering at her house . And she wanted me to play about five or six of my songs ... CNN : The happy ones , I hope . Radin : Yeah , I only have about five or six songs about falling in love . The rest are about falling out of love or about politics or something ... things that maybe would n't be great for a wedding . And I 'd never played a wedding . -LSB- I -RSB- had never really gone to any weddings ... but I sang six of my own songs and it was really cool . -LSB- There were -RSB- about 20 people sitting around a couch in her living room , and Portia -LSB- de Rossi -RSB- and Ellen were sitting in two chairs right in front of me and I got walked in . I was Ellen 's surprise for Portia . CNN : Tell me about the single . Radin : It 's called "  I 'd Rather Be With You . " It 's a little love song . I wrote it about my ex-girlfriend right after we broke up and I was missing her . But the song does n't sound sad . It 's sort of about someone who waits on you a long time to make a decision and then after it 's over , how we all want something more ... after it 's gone . The video is just me and Katrina Bowden , the actress from "  30 Rock , " and we shot it on Super 8 so it 's real grainy and looks like an old home movie . It was Zach 's concept . CNN : You started out as a screenwriter ... Radin : Sort of . I started out as a painter and an art teacher for kids . That 's what I studied in school and I taught fifth through seventh grade in Chicago . And then I lived in New York for about six years writing screenplays . And then about four years ago I wrote my first song . CNN : So in terms of expressing yourself artistically , songs are where you feel at home ? Radin : At the moment . I like to express myself creatively and it does n't matter the medium . Whatever medium I choose at that moment , whatever works the best . It 's like choosing production on a song ; whether -LSB- you use -RSB- drums or piano or guitar ... you service the song . So in terms of the medium I guess I service the sentiment . If there 's something that I really need to say that I ca n't say by speaking to someone , I usually write it in a song or a letter to someone . I usually can be more honest writing songs than actually talking to people . CNN : What would you say is the best setting to listen to your music ? Radin : Driving in the car on a road trip . Riding the subway . Traveling . It 's traveling music . CNN : Because you 're a traveler ? You 're a bit of a nomad ? Radin : I am and I write my songs usually while I 'm walking around . Or in a car . Or in a bus , a plane , something like that . I jot down lyrics wherever I am . Usually it 's on a vomit bag on an airplane or something . -LSB- I -RSB- just look for a pen  laughs  .	Joshua Radin 's new album is "  Simple Times " Radin , a friend of Zach Braff , had songs played on "  Scrubs " Ellen DeGeneres liked one tune , asked Radin to play her wedding
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It only takes one injury to end an athlete 's career . Anything that impairs an athlete 's performance could mean they 're no longer good enough for the top flight -- that 's why the best athletes need the best treatment if they 're to recover from injury . Owen Hargreaves  L  in action before his career was cut short by tendonitis . Manchester United star and England international footballer Owen Hargreaves is known for his versatility and exceptional work rate , but in 2008 his season was cut short by tendonitis . Hargreaves , 27 , was told he would need surgery on both knees to save his career . That 's when he decided to travel to the small mountain ski village of Vail , Colorado , to meet the "  knee whisperer " -- Dr Richard Steadman . Steadman became fascinated with the way the knee functions and how it can be injured during his university days playing American football . Now known as "  Doctor Steady , " Steadman is knee specialist to the stars , counting Real Madrid ace Ruud van Nistelrooy , American football sensation Bruce Smith , and even the King of Spain among his clients . "  I just think he understands the athletes , the significance of the injuries and he 's able to deal with the personalities that go along with these injuries , " Hargreaves told CNN . Watch Owen Hargreaves talking about his recovery " Steadman works with a team of 75 doctors who have together repaired some 16,000 knees . He has developed pioneering knee treatments , including "  micro-fracturing , " which involves making a small hole in a patient 's bone to draw out marrow blood , allowing the patient 's own stem cells and growth factors to make new cartilage . Dr. Steadman says the secret to healing athletes is letting them do what they do best . "  I became convinced early in my career that mobility was important and immobility was a bad thing . "  I was one of the first ones to say , ' I do n't think we 'll use casts , we 'll work on braces , we 'll try to get motion back ' , " he told CNN . Owen Hargreaves has about a month left of rehab in Vail . His days follow a strict routine : Wake up , rehab , eat lunch , rehab , eat dinner and rest . "  It 's been frustrating at times , " says Hargreaves . "  I do n't really watch our games because as an athlete , and being so competitive , it 's hard to watch when you normally would be out there . " Steadman says Hargreaves will return to football next season better than ever , adding that athletes often build inner strength from overcoming what could be a career-ending injuries . Hargreaves shares that view . "  I 'm going to come back stronger and hopefully add a couple of years onto my career , " he said . For others the road to recovery can be slower . British middleweight boxer Michael Watson almost died after collapsing at the end of his 1991 title fight with Chris Eubank . "  I took a punch , everything went blank and I woke up in a bed . I thought I was dreaming , " Watson told CNN . Watson spent the next 40 days in a coma and had to undergo six brain operations . Neurosurgeon Peter Hamlyn , who operated on Watson , told CNN , "  He was as close to death as I think it 's possible to go , and survive . And he stayed there for longer than anyone I 've ever known . " It was thought that Watson would never walk again , but after years of slow recovery , he was able to enter the 2003 London Marathon , completing it over six days . "  His -LSB- recovery -RSB- is by far the most remarkable I 've ever seen , " said Hamlyn . There 's now a close bond between Hamlyn and Watson , and Steadman 's patients are similarly grateful for their recoveries . The hallway of Steadman 's clinic is lined with the signed shirts of his former patients ; the number 10 Manchester United shirt signed by Ruud van Nistelrooy reads simply "  Thank you for giving back my dream . "	The best athletes need the best treatment if they 're to recover from injury Football star Owen Hargreaves was told he 'd need surgery to save his career Dr Richard Steadman , knee specialist to the stars , is treating Hargreaves Boxer Michael Watson recovered slowly after sustaining severe brain injuries
St. Petersburg , Russia  CNN  -- Every working night for the past 34 years , Sergey Matveev has watched from his control room as tankers , ships and barges glide across the crisp waters of St. Petersburg 's River Neva . The picturesque Russian city -- built under the Tsarist reign of Peter the Great and popularly known as the "  Venice of the North " -- is spread across a cluster of islands connected by more than 300 bridges . Some are vital traffic arteries , others are simple foot-crossings , while a special few are drawbridges that rise in the evening to let ships pass to and from the nearby Baltic Sea . As custodian of the iconic Palace Bridge , Matveev is responsible for maritime access into and out of the city 's myriad canals and waterways -- but he 's not alone in this endeavor . Among the others clearing the way along the river are Matveev 's wife , Olga , and two sons . See also : Mammoth ships force ports to adapt "  The Palace Bridge is under my control , the Tuchkov Bridge is under the control of my elder son and the Trinity Bridge is under the control of my younger son and wife , " he explained . Matveev was allocated a job at the Palace Bridge in 1979 by the then Soviet authorities after graduating from high school . Two years later his wife began working at the nearby Troitsky Bridge as a mechanic . The next generation of Matveev 's family were always likely to follow their parents having spent much of their youth playing in and around the drawbridges while their parents worked . "  As the children from their small age ... I would bring them , and show where I work . Later on as they finished the school , graduated from the institute they wanted themselves to start working here , " he said . The thickly moustachioed Matveev is evidently proud of what has become his family 's unusual dynasty and chuckles at the mention of locations under their "  control . " Ensuring St. Petersburg 's drawbridges operate at their optimum level , however , is no easy feat . See also : What happens to goods lost at sea ? Currents are often strong and some of the cargo passing ships carry can be hazardous . Any lapses of communication between bridges -- which must rise one after the other -- can mean ships stranded in dangerous waters . At the height of summer , as many as 40 commercial vessels can pass into and out of the city in a single night . According to local industry website , Port News , more than 9 million tons of freight moves along the River Neva between May and November alone  before the water freezes over during Russia 's bitter winter months  . Fortunately , modern technology has made things much easier for the Matveev family in this regard . The creaking old mechanical equipment of days gone by has been replaced with fully computerized systems . "  One can do it all by just touching the screen " Matveev said . "  Earlier , most things were observed visually . Now we can see it all through the indicators , " he added pointing to his futuristic looking work station . See also : Can gondolas cut city traffic It 's not just the technology that 's changed over the years . St. Petersburg itself has morphed into a modern , cosmopolitan city . At the heart of that transformation is the city 's waterfront . Today tourists flock to see the bridges , islands and sights so vividly described by giants of Russian literature like Dostoevsky . Residents meanwhile take pride in the unique architecture and historic significance of their city . "  The bridges are the symbol of St. Petersburg , " Matveev said . "  Many people come here to observe how it takes place , this wonder of the drawing of the bridges . During the white nights there are so many people on the embankment . " "  This work is a subject of pride . Some people watch me at the TV screen  and  they say ` oh , we have seen you -- it is so great , well done . ' " It seems likely this sense of goodwill will be felt by the Matveev family for many generations to come .	Sergey Matveev has operated the Palace Bridge in St Petersburg for 34 years His wife and two sons also operate drawbridges in the picturesque Russian city Drawbridge operators play a vital role in ensuring the smooth passage of maritime traffic along the River Neva
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- Argentine farmers are planning their next move after the country 's president announced plans to fund a public works program with revenues from a controversial agrarian export tax . Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has rejected demands for the repeal of an export tax . Eduardo Buzzi , president of the Argentine Agrarian Federation , said the organization 's directory board will meet Friday to discuss what steps it plans to take in response to President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner 's announcement . "  We call on farmers across the country to stay calm but to stay on the alert , " the organization said on its Web site Tuesday . The 44 percent export tax , which applies to soybeans , wheat , corn and sunflower seeds , has caused a three-month-old standoff between the government and farmers . Argentina is the world 's second-largest corn exporter and third-largest soybean exporter . On Monday , farmers suspended roadblocks that had snarled traffic across the country , though reports indicated that groups in some rural areas were still blocking roads Tuesday . Kirchner has argued that the tax , which was implemented March 11 , pays for increases in seniors ' pensions and financial assistance for the poor . She has rejected the farmers ' demands for a repeal of the export tax as "  extortion . " Monday marked the first time Kirchner revealed details of how the government plans to use profits from the tax , which has generated about U.S. $ 1.5 billion , to lift people out of poverty . "  It is impossible to attack the problem of the poor without distribution of revenue and without touching extraordinary profits , " she said in a televised address . Kirchner said the Social Redistribution Program will include the construction of 30 hospitals and more than 300 health-care centers , as well as investments in the country 's rural roads and in housing . In an apparent criticism of the farmers , she lamented "  the reaction of some who refuse to contribute in the redistribution " to "  those who have least . " She apologized , however , at the close of her speech for offending anyone . Analysts suggested that the tax was a "  strong attack " on on the farmers and their arguments against it . Claudio Loser , a visiting senior fellow at the Inter-American Dialogue policy analysis center , said it could result in Argentine society being "  less sympathetic to the farmers , " noting that it was "  surprising " that the government did n't come up with the plan until the tax was three months old . Loser , who is from Argentina , also predicted that a continuation of the tax would provoke farmers into not investing . Externally , the standoff has had a two-pronged effect on Argentina , he said . "  The conflict has resulted in a loss of market for Argentina , " he said , as other countries have gone elsewhere for products . Loser also said foreign investors may be more reluctant to invest in Argentina now . CNN 's Carolina Cayazzo and Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report .	Argentine president says export tax will fund massive public works program Farm leaders urge calm as they plan response to president 's announcement The 44 percent tax has caused a 3-month standoff between farmers , government Analyst suggests president 's plan could turn public tide against farmers
CNN  -- Inter Milan striker Samuel Eto'o has received a three-match ban for head-butting Chievo 's Bostjan Cesar in the chest at last Sunday 's Serie A game . Eto'o , who scored as Inter went down 2-1 to Chievo , escaped punishment during the game as the incident , which happened in the 38th minute , was not seen by match officials . The Italian Football Federation decided to issue Eto'o with a ban after reviewing video evidence . In issuing the ban , they described the head-butt as "  premeditated " and constituted "  violent conduct . " The Cameroon international was also fined $ 30,000  $ 40,000  , but is available for Inter 's Champions League fixture with FC Twente on Wednesday . Inter say they intend to appeal the ban .	Samuel Eto'o banned for three games for head-butt on Chievo 's Bostjan Cesar Cameroon international also fined $ 30,000  $ 40,000 Striker is available for Wednesday 's Champions League tie with FC Twente
Washington  CNN  -- The Pan American Health Organization announced Tuesday it is increasing its planning to treat 400,000 cholera cases within the next year , up from a previous estimate of 270,000 over several years , as a result of the outbreak in Haiti . "  We need to plan for up to half of those cases occurring in the next three months because of the explosive nature of this epidemic , " the organization 's deputy director , Dr. Jon Kim Andrus , told reporters in Washington . "  We need more of everything , " he said . "  More training for staff in Haiti , more doctors , more nurses , more treatment centers , more medications , more toilets , more clean water . " Since last month , when the outbreak began , the organization known by its acronym of PAHO -- the regional office of the World Health Organization  WHO  -- has distributed enough supplies to treat about 80,000 cases , he said . As of Tuesday , the Haitian government was reporting 60,240 people had been sickened by cholera and 1,415 had died . Short-term efforts are focusing on the distribution of chlorine tablets and oral rehydration salts , which are key to preventing and treating the disease . "  In the long term , we must create the systems and infrastructure to ensure equitable access to these basic services , " Andrus said . So far , cholera cases have been confirmed in eight of the nation 's 10 departments and clusters of cases are being investigated in the other two departments , he said . "  We have not yet reached a peak and we do n't know when that peak will occur , " he said . PAHO has urged health ministries throughout the Americas to beef up their planning in the event the disease takes hold outside Haiti , he said . That was the case with Peru , where an outbreak in 1991 spread to more than16 countries from Argentina to Canada within two years . But the job of stemming the outbreak has been hampered by non-medical considerations . In Haiti 's North Department , some PAHO staff members and other international staff and medical workers remain confined to their living quarters after civil unrest there this week , Andrus said . Staffing for governmental and non-governmental organizations battling the outbreak remains a major challenge . "  We are encouraging partners to do everything possible to hire and train the Haitian people using cash-for-work programs , " he said . Haiti 's public health infrastructure was weak before the outbreak , with 58 percent of the population lacking access to potable water , Andrus said . More than three in four Haitians earn less than $ 2 a day . Some 1.6 million Haitians are living in "  precarious conditions , particularly those in the 1,300 displacement camps , " he said . Only about 10 percent of the $ 164 million sought by a coalition of about 48 humanitarian organizations working in Haiti , including NGOs , has been received , according to WHO .	Health officials are planning for half of the cases to occur within three months "  We need more of everything , "  says Pan American Health Organization 's Andrus "  We have not yet reached a peak , " he says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Consumer advocates Wednesday hailed the settlement of a class-action lawsuit over Sears stoves in which the retailer agreed to install safety brackets for free to prevent the appliances from tipping over or provide other reimbursements . Stoves in danger of tipping over can be fixed for free under terms of a settlement announced Wednesday . According to the court-approved agreement , Sears will notify nearly 4 million customers who may have bought stoves between July 2000 and September 2007 that they either can get anti-tip safety brackets installed for free or receive gift cards or reimbursements of up to $ 100 to qualifying customers . The brackets keep the appliances bolted to the floor or wall to prevent them from tipping over . Such accidents have caused more than 100 deaths or injuries , mostly from scalding and burns , according to the nonprofit consumer group Public Citizen . The value of the settlement depends on how many customers respond to Sears ' offer , but Public Citizen said it could end up costing the retailer more than $ 545 million . Watch to see if your stove is in danger of tipping " In addition to paying $ 17 million in legal fees , Sears will install brackets on all new stoves for free for the next three years . "  This agreement by Sears and the lawyers for the consumer is a real deal , " said Joan Claybrook , president of Public Citizen . "  This is a fantastic deal for a lawsuit to make this headway and get the protection for the consumer . " Sears Holdings Corp. spokesman Chris Brathwaite said the plaintiffs ' counsel is overestimating the settlement 's monetary value . "  The parties dispute many aspects of the case , including the value on this settlement -- which Sears estimates to be a small fraction of what plaintiffs ' counsel estimates , " Brathwaite said in a statement . Claybrook and other consumer advocates said they would like the Consumer Product Safety Commission to require anti-tip brackets for all stove installations . Installing brackets is now voluntary . Claybrook said the agreement "  sets a model for what the Consumer Product Safety Commission should do and should have done . They 've known about it for 25 years and done nothing . " She said an amendment requiring anti-tip stove devices should be added to Senate legislation intended to beef up the safety commission . Commission spokeswoman Patty Davis disagreed , saying , "  The statistics and risk do not support mandatory rule-making at this time . We believe the voluntary standards are working . " Brathwaite said customers can visit the Web site http://www.searsrangesettlement.com/ for information . E-mail to a friend	Sears agrees to install anti-tip safety brackets on stoves for free Stoves tipping over blamed for than 100 deaths or injuries Sears will install brackets for free on new stoves over the next three years Consumer group says settlement may cost retailer more than $ 545 million
CNN  -- How can educating girls change the world ? "  Girl Rising " tells the stories of girls from around the world and their determination to overcome extraordinary odds . Filmmakers enlisted celebrities and renowned authors to participate in the project , which took six years to complete . Filmmakers traveled to some of the most remote regions in the world , interviewing hundreds of girls and selecting a few to give voice to the challenges and hopes of millions . Watch a preview of ` Girl Rising ' Academy Award nominee Richard Robbins , who directed "  Girl Rising , " talks about why he made the film , how crowd-sourcing was key and why the word "  revolutionary " kept sticking with them , in this interview , edited for length and clarity . CNN : Why did you decide to make the film ? Richard Robbins : I started reading about some of the new research about girls ' education in about 2005 , 2006 , and I thought at first that it was just information that was new to me . That somehow I had missed this incredible fact about how powerful educating girls could be . And then over the course of a couple of months in my research , it became clear that this is not a widely known fact . Although it was well-known inside the development community , out in the general public , it did n't seem to be well understood . As a filmmaker , that 's an opportunity that 's hard to pass up . When you come across something that is clearly important and unequivocally proven and yet not widely known , you pay attention . CNN 's ` Girl Rising ' CNN : How would you define the making of ? Robbins : One of the great luxuries we had in making this film was time . The time to go to each of these countries three times to really spend time thinking about what the issues were and what we wanted to say in each place and how we wanted to say it . On the first trip to each country ... we went and did dozens and dozens of interviews and tried to find the right girl to be the focus of the film , although those choices about which girl it would be were ultimately made by the writers . It felt important to me that the writers who were going to write their stories choose for themselves who they felt most compelled to write about . And then the second trip , we went back and spent time with the writer and the girl together . ... It was n't until the third trip that we actually sat out to try and make each piece . So , we got to know each girl very well . That was a real virtue for us . Sometimes , when you 're working on film and television projects , you sort of parachute in and spend a couple of days and then leave . But coming back for the second and the third time , I felt like we really earned the trust of both the girls and their families and their communities . ... There 's more to come for each of these girls . I do think we want to protect them . We 're very concerned about their safety going forward . And we are careful in the film not to talk about these girls ' last names , not to talk too specifically about where they live . ... In both Egypt and Afghanistan , there were safety concerns for the girls themselves , so we ended up using actresses in those two chapters because we just wanted to be sure that the girls who were telling their stories were safe . CNN : What is the message you want this film to communicate to the world ? Robbins : Well , I think there are sort of two key messages in my mind , and one is intellectual , and one is more emotional . The intellectual message is simple : Educating girls works . We know it works ; we know why it works ; we know how it works . And unlike a lot of big global problems that we face in the world , whether it 's global warming or religious conflict or the AIDS epidemic , we actually know what the solution is to this problem . We know how to educate girls . Most of us know what a good school looks like , a good teacher looks like . So this is change we can really create in the world . And I think that 's really important . But even for people who know that information , for people who understand how powerful education can be , we want them to understand that these girls out there are not victims , they 're opportunities . They just need a little bit of help , and they are going to be more determined and work harder than any of the rest of us have to work to help them achieve their goals . ... Ultimately , they 're just like the girls that we know : our girls and our sisters and daughters and friends . You know , I think so often , we tend to see people out there in poor parts of the world as so different from us because their world looks different from the one that we live in . But they 're really not . You know , at the end of the day , they 're just kids , and they 're kids who want to learn . CNN : "  Girl Rising " had its theatrical release beginning in March . How did crowdsourcing play a role in the project ? Robbins : We really opened up the filmmaking process to people out there who were interested in this issue . And we posted videos , photographs and blog posts  because  we really wanted people to get engaged long before there was even a film to show . And then once we got to the place where there was a film , it became clear to us that we had an incredible team of supporters and fans out there in the world . And that they were a very powerful resource to get the film out into the world . So we had partners , we had campus groups , we had our nonprofit partners in the field , and we had regular folks who had been following our progress either on Twitter or on Facebook . We reached out to them and said , ` Look , the film is done . We really want as many people as we can to see it . We do n't have a huge advertising budget , so lend a hand , be an organizer for us . ' We almost modeled the distribution of this film like a political campaign . We thought of it more as a movement than as a piece of entertainment . So if we could get people out there to host a screening and do a little bit of the leg work to organize it , publicize it , sell tickets and bring it to their community , that was an asset that I think most films do n't have , and that was completely invaluable to us . CNN : In "  Girl Rising , " one of the narrators , Meryl Streep , says a line about how there 's a single moment between what is and what could be . Do you think a girl somewhere will see this film and have that singular moment and it propels them to do something as well ? Robbins : When we were making the film , we talked a lot about the idea that these girls really did feel like revolutionaries . And we had a lot of talk about that word : revolutionary . And the reason it kept sticking with us is because when you meet these girls you realize that their goals , the things that they want to change , are not just about their own lives . It 's about changing their entire community , their family , the world for the better . So often , we think of young people , particularly in the United States , as being very self-interested , but over and over again , we found girls who wanted to create change not for themselves but for everybody around them . ... So , it really is a forward-thinking push from those girls and from the film . The idea that we really do , as individuals , have the power to create change in the world . I think so often , we are led to feel helpless because of the forces that play in the world are big and overwhelming and very challenging . But small-scale change , cumulatively , can be incredibly powerful . We saw it in the lives of each one of these girls and with our incredible partners that were doing amazing work in the field to help girls go to school . That idea is really at the crux of this film , which is that change is possible , we know how it works , and it 's within our reach . It 's not some impossible dream . We really can make this happen . We understand how to do it , and we just need the will to make it a reality . CNN 's ` Girl Rising ' Write an open letter to girls of the world Photos : The girls ' stories from ` Girl Rising '	"  Girl Rising " tells the stories of girls around the world and their quest for education Director Richard Robbins says the project took six years Crowdsourcing and grass-roots support were key from the start , he says
CNN  -- BlackBerry customers slammed by last week 's global outage are being offered free apps , not cash , as payback for their troubles . At least a dozen apps , which would cost about $ 100 on the BlackBerry App World site , will be made available in the next few weeks , according to a statement released Monday by BlackBerry maker Research In Motion . "  We truly appreciate and value our relationship with our customers , " RIM Co-CEO Mike Lazaridis said in the statement . "  We 've worked hard to earn their trust over the past 12 years , and we 're committed to providing the high standard of reliability they expect , today and in the future . " An October 10 failure at a data center caused outages in Europe and elsewhere , RIm said . RIM throttled service to help address the outage , which spread over the next few days to Europe , the Middle East , India , Africa , Latin America and North America . Full service was restored on Thursday , according to the company . The free apps include : * SIMS 3 * Bejeweled * N.O.V.A. * Texas Hold 'em Poker 2 * Bubble Bash 2 * Photo Editor Ultimate - Ice Cold Apps * DriveSafe.ly Pro * Drive Safe.ly Enterprise * Nobex Radio  cents Premium * Shazam Encore * Vlingo Plus : Virtual Assistant More apps will be added later , according to the statement . The first ones will become available on Wednesday and they 'll stay free for the rest of the year . Business customers also will be offered a free month of technical support . The offer seemed to please at least some of BlackBerry 's roughly 70 million customers . "  Only 1 simple word for this ... AMAZING !!! " wrote one visitor to a post on the BlackBery fan site , Crackberry . "  I was n't expecting this at all , but it is welcome . " "  Trust restored RIM ! ... , " wrote another . "  This also tells you RIM is very , very serious with surviving . No giving up for them . " But response was more measured among less-enthusiastic customers . "  What a useless ` compensation ' , " wrote one commenter on the website for London 's Guardian newspaper . "  What -LSB- if -RSB- somebody uses their device for communications  e.g. e-mail  rather than using loads of apps ? The value in apps is totally worthless . " Many had been hoping to at least be reimbursed for the amount of time their service was out . By comparison , after Sony 's PlayStation Network went down this spring , the company offered players free games , a weekend of free video rentals and a free month of PlayStation Plus , a premium subscription service offering exclusive titles , discounts and other perks . That PlayStation outage lasted the better part of a month for some customers .	BlackBerry users being offered free apps after worldwide outage No cash back or service credit is being offered so far Some BlackBerry users saw outages between Monday and Thursday of last week More than $ 100 in apps will be available between Wednesday and end of the year
CNN  Do n't tell the kids , but we 've got Santa Claus all wrong . Countless Christmas songs tell us that Santa is basically the Judge Judy of juveniles . He decides who 's been naughty or nice , and doles out presents or punishments accordingly . But historians say Kris Kringle was originally created to keep adults , not children , off the naughty list . Being crafty codgers , we ducked Santa 's surveillance , turning the spotlight on kids and dramatically changing Christmas celebrations . How did we achieve this very important historical victory ? Picture this : It 's the early 1800s , and America 's Christian leaders -- most of whom were Protestant Reformation-types -- had banned religious celebrations of Christmas as unscriptural and paganish . But people still wanted to party . Because , why not ? It was midwinter , the crops were harvested and sailors were waiting for better weather to disembark . So , on December 25 , working-class stiffs got fall-down drunk and stumbled around cities looking for stuff to loot . Imagine Black Friday , spring break and New Year 's Eve -- then smash them together like sumo wrestlers full of saki . That was Christmas in the early 1800s . A bunch of blue-blood New Yorkers decided all this fun must stop . "  They wanted to domesticate Christmas , bring it indoors , and focus it on children , " says Gerry Bowler , author of "  Santa Claus : A History , " and professor of history at the University of Manitoba in Canada . These grinches , who formed the Saint Nicholas Society of New York , would change the world with two little poems . Yep . Poems . But let 's back up for a minute . When the Dutch came to the New World in the 1600s , they brought a fellow from folklore named Sinterklaas with them , Bowler says . Sinterklaas , who wore a red bishop 's miter and a snowy white beard , was based on St. Nicholas , a 3rd century Greek who lived in modern-day Turkey . Despite being a bishop , this Nick was a bit of a bad boy . An archaeologist who dug up his bones in 2005 found that Nicholas had a broken nose , perhaps a result of the persistent persecution of Christians around that time , said Adam C. English , author of "  The Saint Who Would be Santa Claus . " Or could it have been Christian-on-Christian violence ? According to one medieval legend , Nicholas punched a heretic in the nose at the Council of Nicea -- the meeting in 325 that formed the first consensus on Christian doctrine . Early icons of Nicholas depict him without bishop 's garb , a subtle suggestion that he had been demoted , possibly for fisticuffs . Alas , the Nick at Nicea rumor is not true , said English . But people seem to love the story , which pops up like poinsettias on the Internet this time of year . Thankfully , St. Nicholas , was known for more than brawling . He also had a reputation for giving gifts and protecting children . The first quality comes from a story about a poor man with three young daughters . Without a dowry to offer suitors , the man worried that his daughters would fall into prostitution . Legend has it that Nicholas dropped three bags of gold through an open window in the man 's house , saving the women from the streets . The second story is a bit macabre : While staying at an inn , Nicholas discovered three dismembered children in pickle barrels . He reassembled and resurrected the briny kids and punished the guilty innkeeper . These deeds , along with his everyman persona ,  he was n't a martyr or hermit like so many other model Christians of the time  , made Nicholas the greatest male saint of the Middle Ages , said Bowler . One measure of his popularity is the looong list of people , places , churches and Christian groups that list St. Nick as their patron . Bowler , Santa 's biographer , says that St. Nick 's feast day , December 6 ,  the day he supposedly died  was celebrated across Europe for hundreds of years , often by giving gifts to children . But , beginning in the 1500s , the Protestant Reformation swept away the cult of Christian saints , denouncing them as unbiblical and idolatrous . Christmas , too , went pretty much by the wayside for much of Protestant Europe during this time . Some countries , though , such as the Netherlands , kept alive traditions associated with Sinterklaas . And it was these customs that 19th century New Yorkers wanted to revive . As they sought to make Christmas more family friendly , the Saint Nicholas Society found the perfect front man in their namesake , who , after all , was known for being nice to children . It was a genius move . The real goal was getting drunks off the street , remember ? Now they could do that by turning Christmas into a family event when children -- who had it pretty rough back then -- would receive gifts for good behavior . But the Knickerbockers needed more than good cheer to change Christmas . They needed stories . Drawing on the Dutch legends about Sinterklaas , the American author Washington Irving wrote a series of sketches featuring St. Nicholas soaring high above New York houses , smoking a pipe and delivering presents to well-behaved children . About a decade later , in 1821 , an anonymous poem called "  The Children 's Friend , " featured a magical figure called "  Santeclaus , " who drove a reindeer-led sleigh full of "  rewards " and filled obedient children 's stockings with little presents . Building on that , an Episcopalian scholar named Clement Clarke Moore wrote a poem for his big brood called "  A Visit From St. Nicholas . " It 's now better known as "  The Night Before Christmas . " Strangely for a seminary professor , Moore 's poem strips St. Nick of religious rhyme and reasons . Nicholas wears a fur suit , clambers down chimneys and gives presents to good children . But he says nothing about the "  reason for the season , " as contemporary Christmas warriors like to say . Still , Moore 's St. Nick story went viral , spreading across the northeastern United States faster than reindeer on Ritalin . In some early depictions , Santa Claus looks like an overgrown elf ; in others , he looks kind of scary , as American artists merged St. Nicholas with European traditions such as the German Krampus , who punishes bad children . By the early 1900s , Bowler says , Santa became standardized as the white-bearded , red-suited , twinkle-eyed benevolent grandfather that we all know and love . And we 're not the only ones . "  Merchants seized on this guy right away , " Bowler says . "  They immediately saw the possibility that this personification could be useful in their selling . " In other words , Santa was pitching products almost as soon as he hitched up his sleigh . But before you blame Kris Kringle for commercializing Christmas , think back to what it was like before he came to town , when kids -- and many adults -- really had something to pout about .	In the early 1800s , Christmas in this country looked dramatically different The original St. Nicholas was a bit of bad boy When the Dutch came to the New World , they brought along Sinterklaas
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesia 's parliament voted on Friday to do away with direct local elections in a move that critics say is a huge step backward for the country 's fledgling democracy . Proponents of the law change , to scrap direct elections for mayors and governors , had argued local elections had proven too costly , and were prone to conflict and corruption . The bill was backed by the coalition behind losing presidential candidate Prabowo Subianto . But critics disagreed , and questioned the timing of the bill , first proposed in 2012 , just two months after the election of Joko Widodo . Titi Anggraini , director of the Association for Elections and Democracy  Perludem  , said that many were upset by the law change . "  I feel so disappointed . It shows how strong the opponents to democracy are . We are facing the biggest enemy of democracy . " The president-elect , universally known as Jokowi , has spoken in favor of direct elections . And his political party , the Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle  PDI-P  , led the coalition that opposed the bill . But Widodo has yet to take office and his opponents currently retain the majority in parliament . Six of nine political parties supported the law change and most are part of the coalition that backed Subianto . "  Democracy has become too expensive , " Fadli Zon , vice chairman of Subianto 's Gerindra party , recently told a forum of journalists . Zon estimated the government would save about 60 trillion rupiah or $ 5 billion by eliminating direct regional elections . "  If the regional election is done by the regional house of representatives , it is estimated that the expenditure needed would only be the cost for tea and coffee , " he argued . Critics say that the move will only benefit entrenched political interests . "  Electing Jokowi was one step forward , what happened in Parliament was five steps backwards for democracy , " said political analyst Philips Vermonte , of Indonesia 's Center for Strategic and International Studies . "  I think it 's unseemly , " said Sarwono Kusumaatmadja , a former minister under former president Suharto , and now senior government affairs adviser at Transformasi , a Jakarta-based think tank . "  It wo n't change the nature of politics , it wo n't make politics any cleaner . It will only shift the money politics somewhere else , to the oligarchs , and the victims are the Indonesian people , " he added . "  Just when they were just enjoying their rights and seeing some good people rise , based on a constituency-based politics , they see the game being taken away from them . " Joko Widodo 's rise Widodo swept into power through the popular vote . He was first elected as mayor of Solo in Central Java in 2005 and then as governor of the nation 's capital Jakarta in 2012 . "  Direct elections are important because it is the fruit of the 32 years of Indonesia 's struggle for democracy , " student leader Mohamad Ivan Riansa told a small protest in front of the parliament building Wednesday . Under former dictator Suharto 's 32-year rule , local leaders were chosen by political parties that won seats in local assemblies . After the fall of his regime in 1998 , Indonesia launched a rapid process of political and electoral reform , involving a decentralization of power from the national government . In 2004 , Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono became the first directly-elected president of Indonesia . A year later , voters were given the right to choose their own local leaders for the very first time . The massive democratic undertaking required elections to be staggered over five years throughout the country 's 34 provinces and 511 districts or municipalities . Direct elections favored A recent opinion survey by the Indonesian Survey Circle showed that 81 % of Indonesians prefer direct local elections . But choosing local leaders was a relatively new and confusing experience for some Indonesians , taxi driver Nana Suryana told CNN . "  It 's better for the local assembly to choose the candidates because they know better than we do . People might choose the wrong one , " he said . While voter turnout had been declining since 2009 , a new wave of politicians , including Widodo , energized a largely apathetic electorate this year , particularly young voters . "  Most of us abstained from voting before the presidential 2014 elections , " musician Viddy Supit told CNN . "  We 're now aware that we have to use our voices to develop our nation . That 's why we 're here to support direct regional elections . "	NEW : Indonesia 's parliament votes to strip the right to directly elect local leaders Critics say it is a retrograde move ; backers say democracy has become too expensive The move was backed by the coalition that backed the losing presidential candidate
The Hollywood Reporter  "  Grace of Monaco , " starring Nicole Kidman as star-turned-princess Grace Kelly , is heading straight to Lifetime . The critically-panned film , which opened last year 's Cannes Film Festival , will premiere on Lifetime on Memorial Day , May 25 . After the movie performed poorly in its international engagements , The Weinstein Co. , which first purchased U.S. distribution rights at the 2013 Berlin Film Festival , decided to sell it directly to Lifetime rather than book it into U.S. theaters , a source confirmed to The Hollywood Reporter . THR : Grace of Monaco ' Cannes review The film , which was directed by Olivier Dahan and focuses on a period in the early '60s when Monaco was involved in a stand-off over taxes with France and Grace was contemplating a return to Hollywood , was originally scheduled for release in late 2013 . Given the names involved , some handicappers had put it on their list of potential Oscar contenders . But when TWC pulled it out of awards contention and shifted its release to March 14 , 2014 , Dahan lashed out at TWC 's Harvey Weinstein , over the movie 's final cut , which the director was in the process of completing . "  There are two versions of the film for now , mine and his , " Dahan complained , continuing , "  They want a commercial film smelling of daisies , taking out anything that exceeds that which is too abrupt , anything that makes it cinematic and breathe with life . " That planned March release was then scrubbed , when Cannes expressed interest in debuting the director 's version of the movie in May . Even before it screened , though , Grace 's children blasted the picture as "  needlessly glamorized and historically inaccurate " and boycotting the Cannes red carpet . THR : The Weinstein Co. nearing deal to keep ` Grace of Monaco ' Weinstein did n't attend the movie 's premiere either -- explaining that he had been visiting Syrian refugee camps in Jordan as part of a long-scheduled U.N.-sponsored trip . But TWC did strike a new distribution deal for the film in Cannes , agreeing to show Dahan 's cut in the U.S. , but acquiring rights for just $ 3 million upfront , a $ 2 million discount from its earlier contract . But TWC then did not slot "  Grace of Monaco " into its fall , 2015 release schedule . Tim Roth costars as Kelly 's husband Prince Rainier III , Frank Langella as Kelly 's priest and confidante , Parker Posey as Grace 's aid , and Paz Vega  "  Spanglish , " "  Sex and Lucia "  as opera singer Maria Callas . See the original story at The Hollywood Reporter .  2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	The film will premiere on Memorial Day It opened last year 's Cannes Film Festival A planned March theater release was scrubbed
CNN  -- Fashion is loud in America 's Music City . Blogger Heidi Jewell , who 's lived in Nashville for two years , said street trendsetters pair haute couture with cowboy boots , band tees with designer bags . Her website , Under the Guise , puts a spotlight on eclectic , innovative looks inspired by the arts . San Francisco style " -LSB- Nashville -RSB- is packed with designers , filmmakers , musicians and artists hailing from cities all around the world , each bringing their own sense of style along with them , " she said . "  It strikes a perfect balance between staying true to its heritage while maintaining a youthful , modern culture that keeps reinventing itself . " The city 's first official Fashion Week , which commenced Tuesday , showcases local collections alongside national lines , including Betsey Johnson , Christian Sirianao and Gustavo Cadile . It 's all part of Nashville 's genre-bending melting pot . Below , Jewell explains street style . CNN : What influences fashion in Nashville ? Jewell : It goes without saying that the music industry definitely plays a part in the overall style . Of course , country music has an impact  which rocks and I would like to see more of it  . But a lot of people do n't know there 's an amazing indie/rock community here as well . Brilliant local musicians playing in tucked-away historic venues and residential basements are influencing looks inspired by '40s military , '80s club and British punk while standing shoulder to shoulder with Southern Belles sporting vintage summer dresses perfectly complimented by their favorite pair of worn in cowboy boots . Boise street style CNN : What styles are popular right now ? Jewell : It 's hard to put my finger on a specific look that seems dominant , but mixing in vintage pieces is very popular among the people I photograph . There are some great thrift stores and locally owned boutiques that offer affordable one-of-a-kind Southern pieces scattered all throughout the city . You could compare Nashville to L.A. in the sense that a large majority of people who move here have come in hopes of breaking into the entertainment industry . The end result is a community of aspiring artists and service professionals who have a more eclectic sense of style than you would expect from people serving you cocktails or manning the register at your favorite local record shop . CNN : What do people wear on a night out ? Jewell : Weekend nights have been a bit more on the grunge side lately . Black-and-white striped tops , muscle tees , biker jackets , denim or leather vests , fur jackets . Converse All-Stars , ropers and Beatle boots . Whether it 's a fedora or something more summery , hats are staple pieces as well . CNN : Where do you shop in Nashville ? Jewell : I would have to say my top picks for clothing are Goodbuy Girls and Local Honey . For shoes , I 'm a big fan of the locally run Etsy shops , Granny 's Bootery and Reanimated Rags . For accessories , I like Pangaea . CNN : How can fashionistas on a budget look great ? Jewell : Thrift ! Or learn how to sew . How do people dress in your city ? Submit your favorite looks to iReport for a chance to be featured on CNN.com .	Fashion is eclectic in Nashville , said blogger Heidi Jewell Different genres of music inspire different looks Nashville 's first Fashion week started Tuesday
CNN  -- So is this the "  new normal " ? That 's the question I keep hearing as people try to comprehend the tragedy at the Boston Marathon and its chaotic aftermath . The answer is yes -- in more ways than you might think . I do n't mean that we 're supposed to get used to explosions , school shootings and other threats arising seemingly randomly and without warning . But we should accept that the old ways of understanding and responding to conflicts and threats no longer apply . In an always-on , post-narrative age , 24-hour cable and Internet news and Twitter feeds offer a steady stream of opportunities for panic and misinformation . We have a suspect ; no , we do n't ; yes , we do . The school is on lockdown ; no , it 's not . False alarms are still alarms , after all . It 's like we are all living in newsrooms , or as 911 operators or air-traffic controllers , for all the emergency interruptions and bulletins we navigate practically every hour . Then consider the equally unnerving limbo we endure once there 's nothing new to report . The stakes are too high to return to regular programming , so we just sit there , poised on high alert along with the police and journalists . This time , it was flashing blue lights and the search for a suspect . Before that , it was the live feed of Deepwater Horizon in the corner of the screen for weeks , belching oil into the sea . Whether interruptive or chronic , the anxiety keeps pouring in . We live in a state of "  present shock . " That was the week from hell And even if network anchors still had the authority they once did , they would not be able construct a satisfying story around the onslaught of neverending news . When the journalists cheered as the police caught the marathon bombings suspect in the boat , it seemed that they were mostly relieved at reaching a definitive conclusion to a neverending news cycle . One news anchor actually declared "  justice won " as she was at last permitted to cut to commercial . It rang false , because there 's no genuine finality anymore . The story just does n't end . Nor does the anxiety . For it 's not so much a matter of responding to a particular crisis , threat or tragedy but of coping with the persistent flow of urgency itself . Some of the unease we feel with the Boston bombings comes from the nagging sense that we have no way of gauging where we are in the arc of violence . Is this the beginning of a new series of attacks , a rare event like the Oklahoma City bombing or part of some greater conspiracy yet to be revealed ? Of course , none of the usual narratives apply , for we no longer live in a world with beginnings , middles and ends . That quaint structure went out with the Industrial Age and the moon shot . We no longer design career paths ; we no longer invest in the future . We occupy ; we freelance ; we trade derivatives . Everything happens in the now . Even terror . While there are certainly groups such as al Qaeda with political goals and a modicum of organization , for every plotted attack with strategic goals , there are many more that arise haphazardly , randomly -- by either sympathizers , copycats or mentally ill nihilists with no political justification whatsoever . Boston 's week of terror We 're no longer fighting enemies in the normal sense . We can not begin a war on terrorism and then declare victory when we 're done . We ca n't stick a flag in it and call it won . No , the challenges of a post-Industrial society are less like conquests with clear endpoints than they are steady-state concerns . Oil is spilling . The climate is changing . Terrorists are plotting . Crises are never quite solved for the future so much as managed in the present . But accepting the essentially plotless and ongoing nature of crisis need n't compromise our ability to respond appropriately and effectively . In fact , by freeing ourselves from the obsolete narratives we used to rely on , we can begin to recognize the patterns in the apparent chaos . We may not get answers to rally around or satisfyingly dramatic finales , but neither will we need to invent compelling , false stories to motivate ourselves into action . In a world where crises are constant and perpetual , we might as well begin to develop more sustainable approaches to solving them in real time , rather than once and for all . Life goes on . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Douglas Rushkoff : New normal is constant info stream ; we do n't really know how to respond He says terror attack coverage kept us in state of unending anxiety with little understanding He says new era of 24/7 crises offers steady-state concerns rather than ones with endpoint Rushkoff : We might as well develop sustainable approaches to solving crises in real time
China has told the United States to butt out of a territorial dispute with Japan in the East China Sea after Washington warned that a military claim by Beijing to airspace in the region raises the risk of "  misunderstanding and miscalculations . " The creation of an "  Air Defense Identification Zone " by China comes amid increasing tensions between Beijing and Tokyo over competing claims to disputed islands in the sea , which are believed to be situated near large reserves of natural resources . China 's announcement Saturday of the zone , which it described as an early-warning system for self-defense , drew a swift response from the United States , Japan 's closest military ally . Washington warned that the latest Chinese move creates the risk of potentially dangerous miscalculations in the sensitive region , where Chinese and Japanese ships and planes have already been involved in tense encounters . "  This unilateral action constitutes an attempt to change the status quo in the East China Sea . Escalatory action will only increase tensions in the region and create risks of an incident , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said . "  We have urged China to exercise caution and restraint , and we are consulting with Japan and other affected parties throughout the region , " Kerry said . The United States has thousands of troops stationed in Japan as part of a security treaty between the two allies . ` Inappropriate remarks ' But Chinese officials dismissed the U.S. comments as unjustified interference . American criticism of the air zone announcement is "  completely unreasonable , " Col. Yang Yujun , a Ministry of National Defense spokesman , said Sunday . The United States should stop taking sides on the issue , cease making "  inappropriate remarks " and not send any more "  wrong signals " that could lead to a "  risky move by Japan , " he said . Beijing demands that the United States respect Chinese national security , stop making "  irresponsible remarks " about the air defense identification zone and make "  concrete efforts " for peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific region , Yang said . The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs said it had lodged a representation with U.S. Ambassador Gary Locke asking the United States "  to correct its mistakes immediately . " Dispute escalates The dispute over the islands -- known as the Senkaku Islands by Japan and the Diaoyu Islands by China -- has strained relations between the two East Asian countries . The islands are close to strategically important shipping lanes and their surrounding waters are full of rich marine life . The Chinese defense ministry said the new air zone was not directed toward a specific country . But it released a map and coordinates that show the zone covers most of the East China Sea , as well as the islands . It declared that aircraft in the area must report their flight plans to China , maintain two-way radio and clearly mark their nationalities on the aircraft . And it warned that its armed forces "  will adopt defensive emergency measures to respond to aircraft that do not cooperate in the identification or refuse to follow the instructions . " China 's declaration is "  definitely a net escalation in the dispute " with Japan , said Stephanie Kleine-Ahlbrandt , director of Asia-Pacific programs at the U.S. Institute of Peace . "  It makes it more likely that jets will be scrambled , " she said . "  An aerial encounter carries a much higher risk because of the faster timings involved " than in a maritime encounter . ` Profoundly dangerous ' Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Monday he is "  extremely concerned " about the Chinese announcement . "  It unilaterally changes the status quo in the East China Sea and escalates the situation , " Abe said . "  It is a profoundly dangerous act that may cause unintended consequences in the area . " Tokyo "  can not accept at all " that the Chinese air zone claim includes the disputed islands , which Japan considers "  an inherent part " of its territory , a Japanese foreign ministry statement said . The Japanese government said has made "  strong protests " to Beijing , summoning the Chinese ambassador to the foreign ministry . Chinese officials appeared unimpressed by the Japanese complaints . Tokyo 's remarks are "  utterly groundless and China wo n't accept them , " Yang said , observing that Japan had set up its own air defense identification zone in the 1960s . He reiterated Beijing 's claim to the disputed islands and said its determination to ensure sovereignty over them was "  unwavering . " Defense ministry officials have made "  solemn representations " on the matter to the Japanese Embassy in China , he said . The South Korean government also expressed regret Sunday over the Chinese announcement , saying the new air defense zone partially overlaps with its territory , the South Korean news agency Yonhap reported . ` Misunderstanding and miscalculations ' The Chinese defense ministry has said it began patrols of the air zone on Saturday . Japan 's defense ministry said two Chinese planes came within miles of its airspace , prompting authorities to scramble Japanese fighter jets . It 's the second time this month that Japan has launched fighter jets , alleging Chinese planes appeared to be closing in on its air space . U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel called the move by China an attempt to destabilize the status quo in the region , saying it "  increases the risk of misunderstanding and miscalculations . " "  This announcement by the People 's Republic of China will not in any way change how the United States conducts military operations in the region , " Hagel said . U.S. and Japanese forces are due to hold joint naval exercises this week off Okinawa -- a few hundred kilometers from the disputed islands . Competing claims The long-running disagreement over who owns the islands intensified between Japan and China in the second half of 2012 . Protests erupted in China after Japan announced it had bought several of the disputed islands from private Japanese owners . The deal was struck in part to prevent the islands from being bought by the controversial Tokyo governor Shintaro Ishihara , who had called for donations for a public fund to buy them . China was outraged , as were groups of its citizens who protested violently in several Chinese cities , calling for boycotts of Japanese products and urging the government to give the islands back . In December 2012 , the dispute escalated further when Japan scrambled fighter jets after a Chinese plane was seen near the islands . That situation has recurred repeatedly since , and China 's latest announcement makes it likely it will keep happening . At sea , Chinese ships have frequently entered contested waters despite warnings from the Japanese Coast Guard . China says its claim extends back hundreds of years . Japan says it saw no trace of Chinese control of the islands in an 1885 survey , so formally recognized them as Japanese sovereign territory in 1895 . Japan then sold the islands in 1932 to descendants of the original settlers . The Japanese surrender at the end of World War II in 1945 only served to cloud the issue further . The islands were administered by the U.S. occupation force after the war . But in 1972 , Washington returned them to Japan as part of its withdrawal from Okinawa . Taiwan , which Beijing regards as a breakaway province , also lays claim to the islands . Explainer : Why China 's new air zone incensed Japan , U.S.	The Japanese Prime Minister says he is "  extremely concerned " by China 's move China released a map and coordinates that identify its "  Air Defense Identification Zone " The zone includes islands at the center of a dispute between Beijing and Tokyo The U.S. has said the Chinese announcement creates "  risks of an incident "
On the same day the United States announced the arrest of a 19-year old attempting to leave the country to join ISIS , a top State Department official said the American efforts to combat ISIS ' powerful online message are working . The anti-ISIS messaging campaign is keeping disaffected youth from joining the extremist group , Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs Richard Stengel told CNN 's Elise Labott on Monday . "  We have evidence that there are young people who are not joining because we have somehow interceded , " Stengel said . "  They 're reading the messages , they 're hearing the messages -- not just from us but from the hundreds of Islamic clerics who have said that this is a perversion of Islam , from the hundreds of Islamic scholars who have said the same thing . " "  It 's a very small cohort , " Stengel said of the so-called "  foreign fighter " cases originating from the United States . As part of his role at the State Department , Stengel overseas the Center for Strategic Counterterrorism Communications , which aims to counter propaganda from ISIS . ISIS has been effective over the past several months at bringing its message to young people around the world through a series of highly produced and graphically violent videos , and through online forums . "  We 're out there contesting that space , " said Stengel , "  and I think we 're doing well there . " Why is ISIS so successful at luring Westerners ? Stengel recently returned from a trip to the Middle East , during which he met with officials from U.S. regional coalition partners in the fight against ISIS . During his interview with CNN , Stengel weighed in on controversy surrounding comments made last week by Vice President Joe Biden , which seemed to call into question the commitment of some of those same key partners . Stengel said the uproar over Biden 's remarks , which he later apologized for , is a "  peripheral issue . " "  I do n't think that deters anybody at all , " Stengel added , "  and in fact I think they regard it as a very minor distraction compared to this real challenge of mobilizing all of our collective forces against this abhorrent organization . "	Anti-ISIS messaging campaign is working , State Department official says "  Young people who are not joining because we have somehow interceded , " he says 19-year-old American accused of wanting to join ISIS is arrested Monday
CNN  -- Kendrick Johnson , the teenager whose body was found rolled in a wrestling mat in a south Georgia high school in January died from blows to the neck and elsewhere , not from accidental suffocation , a newly released , independent autopsy report says . The report , obtained exclusively by CNN , directly contradicts the finding of an autopsy conducted by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation that determined Johnson 's death was the result of "  positional asphyxia . " The Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office determined it was accidental . The new report blames "  unexplained , apparent non-accidental , blunt force trauma . " Johnson , 17 , was found January 11 in a rolled wrestling mat in a Lowndes County High School gym in Valdosta . Inconsistencies in the initial official reports on the condition of Johnson 's body led the family and community to question the ruling on the cause of death . The family 's attorney , Chevene King , has sent the independent autopsy report to the U.S. Department of Justice 's Civil Rights Division , The Georgia Bureau of Investigation , the U.S. attorney for Georgia 's Middle District and the Lowndes County coroner for review . The coroner has the power to call an inquest , a process that resembles a grand jury proceeding . After reviewing evidence and testimony , a jury would decide the cause of death , although the findings alone would have no civil or criminal consequences . "  Coroner 's inquests are not something you do every day . I can not tell you the last time a coroner 's inquest was done in this office , " Lowndes County Coroner Bill Watson told CNN . "  I want to do the right thing by the people and the county and all concerned , I 'm just not sure we have enough information , " he said . "  I 'm not about to refute anybody 's findings because I 'm not a doctor . " On May 1 , a judge granted the Johnsons ' request to exhume their son 's body for the purposes of a conducting an independent autopsy at their expense . That autopsy , conducted June 15 , found blunt force trauma to the right neck and soft tissues "  consistent with inflicted injury . " That supports the narrative of the initial patient care report , written January 11 , the day Johnson 's body was discovered , citing "  bruising noted to the right side jaw . " However , the January 25 report by the Valdosta-Lowndes County Regional Crime Laboratory cited "  no signs of blunt force trauma on Johnson 's face or body . " The May 5 autopsy completed by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation identified "  no significant injuries " A spokesperson for the Georgia Bureau of Investigation told CNN it stands by its report after reviewing the findings of the independent autopsy . U.S. Attorney Michael Moore said his office has been "  working on this for some time . I 'm sure at the appropriate time I 'll speak with his pathologist . " Moore is reviewing the case but has not launched a formal investigation . "  There are some members of the community that question the result . I want to make sure members of the community and the family and everyone involved has confidence in my work and my decision , " Moore told CNN . There was no immediate response to CNN 's request for comment from the Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division . The Johnsons ' attorney told CNN he will respond at a later date .	Kendrick Johnson was found dead in a wrestling mat in a Lowndes County school A newly released independent report says he died from being hit The official determination was that Johnson had accidentally suffocated Coroner : "  I 'm just not sure we have enough information " for an inquest
CNN  He 's an unemployed former English Premier League footballer who is desperate to resume his playing career . But while several clubs have signaled their interest in offering convicted rapist Ched Evans a second chance , public opinion in Britain is proving an almost insurmountable stumbling block for the 26-year-old . Since his release from prison after serving half of a five-year sentence for raping a 19-year-old girl , debate has raged as to whether Evans should be allowed to resurrect a high-profile career within the sport . Even the leader of the British Labour Party -- the UK 's main opposition political group -- has weighed into the debate , asking whether a sporting role model should be offered a contract by a club . After being spurned by former club Sheffield United , fourth tier Oldham Athletic is the latest to be thrust into an unwanted spotlight after contemplating hiring him . More than 27,000 people have put their names to a petition calling on the club not to sign him in the space of 24 hours , with Oldham forced into a series of crisis meetings to further examine the issues . The club released a statement on Monday saying it still had n't reached a decision and would "  continue to have conversations with representative bodies ... and will conduct due diligence with regard to any decision we make on this matter . " Evans , who started his career with current English Premier League champions Manchester City , has maintained his innocence throughout and is awaiting the outcome of a Criminal Cases Review Commission inquiry into his sentence . But his future in the game could hang on the outcome of Oldham 's investigations . Should they turn him down , the former Wales international would be further away from the playing field than ever . Oldham might be in two minds , but public and political opinion , appears not to be . The leader of the Labour party , Ed Miliband , the local Member of Parliament for Oldham East and Saddleworth , Debbie Abrahams , and Greater Manchester 's Police and Crime Commissioner , Tony Lloyd have all come out against the move . "  I believe it would be wrong for Ched Evans to return to playing football for Oldham Athletic or any other club , as he has been convicted of rape , a violent crime for which he has neither apologized or acknowledged , " Abrahams said in a statement . "  It would send out an entirely inappropriate message to young fans and victims of sex crimes for him to be signed by Oldham or anyone . " It 's very much a case of history repeating itself for Evans . Clamor from the public derailed a plan for him to be allowed to train with Sheffield United , in English soccer 's third tier , after the club said reaction to its decision "  has been at an intensity that could not have been anticipated . " Over 165,000 people signed a petition urging United to cut ties with him while Olympic heptathlon champion Jessica Ennis-Hill told the club she wanted her name removed from one of the stands at its stadium should Evans play for it again . Her decision drew praise from the British Prime Minister David Cameron , who said he "  understood " why one of the stars of 2012 's Olympic Games opposed Evans ' return to her local club . Evans ' official website states his belief that his conviction was a "  gross miscarriage of justice " and underlines his commitment to quashing the verdict . It is this standpoint , allied to the perceived prestige and financial rewards that come with being a professional footballer that has helped fuel such a fevered response to Evans ' place in the game , according to lawyer and Football Association agent Shehneela Ahmed . "  A lot of the backlash has been over the fact that he 's not accepted his guilt , despite having served his sentence , " she told CNN shortly after his release . "  But where does it say that a convicted criminal , who has served their time , can not go out to work ? "  I think people are angry because normally a lot of the criminals who are sent to prison , once they 've served their sentence in relation to a heinous crime , have to start from scratch trying to get employment . "  But this is a young lad who has committed a crime , never admitted his guilt , and despite that , he comes out of prison and walks into a job which is so well paid . " After being rebuffed by Sheffield United , the manager of lowly Hartlepool -- currently rock bottom of England 's fourth tier -- expressed an interest in signing Evans . The town 's Labour Member of Parliament , Iain Wright , labeled Evans a "  pariah " during his call for Hartlepool to steer clear . And the club moved quickly to dismiss the speculation , saying it understood the concerns of its supporters and the general public . Maltese club Hibernians were another club to reportedly contemplate handing Evans a deal but that move was effectively ruled out when the UK 's Ministry of Justice emphasized its laws on convicted sex offenders working abroad . "  We are determined to have one of the toughest regimes in the world for managing sex offenders , to stop them re-offending and to protect victims , " it said in a statement . "  Probation officers must give permission for sex offenders on licence to take up new jobs and this includes ensuring they hold regular face to face meetings -- this effectively rules out working abroad . " As Evans adjusts to his new status as a footballing pariah , Oldham must feel a certain sense of dj vu . It signed Lee Hughes in 2007 after the striker had served three years in prison for being found guilty of causing the death of Douglas Graham through dangerous driving . The trial of Hughes , who once played in the Premier League for West Brom , heard how he crashed into another car carrying the father of four when traveling on the wrong side of the road and then fled the scene . Despite the furore , Hughes spent two seasons with Oldham before going on to represent three other league clubs . It is n't just football that has had to deal with the focus that comes with offenders being reintroduced to sport . Former world heavyweight champion Mike Tyson returned to boxing after three years in jail for the rape of 18-year-old Desiree Washington , making millions in the process . Prior to Oldham 's board prolonging its deliberations , one of its sponsors -- Verling Rainwater Solutions -- confirmed it would end its agreement with the club if they signed Evans . "  The club know our stance and that is if they sign or allow Ched Evans to train we will be out of the door , " director Craig Verling was quoted as saying by the UK Press Association . The issue continued to be discussed at the highest levels of British politics , too . Labour leader Miliband told the BBC : "  I think that it is right Oldham are thinking again about whether Ched Evans should be hired by them because you are a role model , he 's been convicted of a very serious crime . "  Personally , if I was in their shoes , he has n't shown remorse and I would n't take him on . " Those sentiments were echoed by Greater Manchester 's Police and Crime Commissioner Lloyd , who said : "  Ched Evans is a convicted rapist and , whilst I strongly believe in the principle of rehabilitation , it will send out entirely the wrong message if they offer him a contract . "  All offenders have the right to rebuild their lives and make amends after they have served their sentence , but Ched Evans ' lack of remorse and failure to acknowledge his offense means it is simply inappropriate for him to be on a Greater Manchester football pitch week in and week out presenting himself as some kind of role model , especially to young people . " The only person from Oldham to speak on the matter on Monday was the team 's manager Lee Johnson , who was besieged by cameras when he arrived at the club 's stadium . "  It 's a very difficult situation , " he told reporters . "  I do n't really want to comment . Of course we want what 's best for the club -- whatever the board decides . "	Lower league Oldham deciding whether to sign Ched Evans Evans was released from prison after serving rape sentence Player maintains his innocence and wants to clear his name Evans has already been rebuffed by two other clubs
CNN  -- In 1909 , Alice Ramsey blazed a path across America 's landscape and society . Millions of women have followed in her tracks , few more precisely than Emily Anderson exactly 100 years later . Anderson was the lead driver in a re-enactment last summer of Ramsey 's journey , when she became the first woman to drive an automobile from coast to coast . Both women drove a 1909 Maxwell DA from New York to San Francisco , California , but they traversed two very different Americas . "  It really was a tremendous effort by so many people to get us across the country , " Anderson , an event planner from Seattle , Washington , said . "  It showed me the heart of America was open to us in a big way that I do n't think would normally be so open had we been in a modern-day vehicle . " Antique car enthusiast Richard Anderson recruited his 34-year-old daughter to drive the 1909 Maxwell DA he and two friends built from parts they scavenged from around the globe , and hand-fabricated when necessary . "  It all came down to a lot of books and manuals and guessing and putting a puzzle back together again with no instructions , " Emily Anderson said . They got the car built and running in time to launch the drive on June 9 at 1930 Broadway , the address where Ramsey 's journey began . Several of Ramsey 's descendants were on hand , including two who rode along for a few miles . Anderson 's Maxwell soon suffered the first of many breakdowns . "  That was a bit defeating , especially since it was our first day and we were pretty jazzed and motivated to get moving and get on the road , " she said . Temporary repairs carried the car and crew about 1,800 miles to western Nebraska , where a master mechanic worked for more than five hours to fix the problem in a more permanent way . "  It was amazing to me that people would just stop their lives and do whatever they could to keep us moving , " Anderson said . By Anderson 's side was Christie Catania , her close friend and co-pilot . Catania described the co-pilot 's job as "  navigation , waving , talking to people in the back seat ; I was also the blinker , the mirrors , comic relief ... " Librarian-storyteller Sally Barnett rode in the back seat most of the way . "  I love old cars , and I had read about Alice Ramsey years ago . She 's one of my heroine-mentors , " said Barnett , 67 , of Huntsville , Alabama . " ... My part was to dress up as Alice and tell her story . " The Maxwell 's fourth seat was reserved for sponsors , dignitaries and special guests along the way , Anderson said . When she was n't in the rear of the Maxwell , Barnett was riding in the back seat of other antique cars that fell into formation along the way , forming what enthusiast Leta Nichols of Orangevale , California , called "  a 3,000-mile parade . " High-speed collisions with flying insects were a hallmark of the trip . "  You do n't realize how valuable a windshield is until you ride in a car without a windshield , Barnett quipped . "  We were really acting as human windshields and bug-catchers , " Anderson recalled . "  A couple times a day we had a teeth-cleaning . " But at least the 2009 group had well-mapped , paved roads to travel on , part of the reason they were able to cross the country in 30 days , half the time it took Ramsey , who followed the general path of what would become the Lincoln Highway . "  We traveled at a faster rate simply because we could , " Anderson said . "  Alice only had 152 miles of paved roadway in 1909 , and those roads were primarily within the cities . ... Otherwise it was all wagon trails , and that 's some difficult terrain to cross . " The social terrain was equally difficult . Ramsey "  fit a category of woman in the early-20th century , late-19th century who was interested in quietly demonstrating that women were as capable as men in many of the things that had been considered manly pursuits , " said Drake Hokanson , author of the book "  Lincoln Highway : Main Street Across America . " The first cross-country drive by a man , Horatio Nelson Jackson , had been accomplished just six years before Ramsey set out . "  I can only imagine that the world said , ` Here 's a woman with some gall . She can do this ; why ca n't other women ? ' " Hokanson said . "  And , of course , a lot of women did hit the road . " Ramsey overcame sexism , but she did n't have to contend with huge tractor-trailers passing at 70 mph , kicking up debris and creating a gale-force draft around the open car . "  I learned to turn my head when trucks go by so the sand would n't hit you too hard , " Barnett recalled . Anderson 's Maxwell drove the final thousand miles with no first gear , which made crossing mountain ranges challenging . "  Hopefully you have a long downhill before the uphill so you can kind of take a big run at it , " she said . "  And that 's what we would do , just kind of gun it and try to go as fast as we could up the hill . " The expedition 's triumphal moment was the crossing of the Golden Gate Bridge into San Francisco -- something Ramsey could n't have done in 1909 because the bridge would n't be built for another 28 years . "  The toll booth operator came out with her iPhone to take our picture , " Barnett said . The entire journey was filmed by Emily Anderson 's brother Bengt Anderson , a professional filmmaker in New York . A documentary is slated for release in 2010 . The tour ended with champagne at a picturesque park . "  I would just encourage everyone to slow down and take some of the back roads and enjoy the Lincoln Highway and all these different highways I did n't know existed until I was fortunate enough to be a part of this drive , " Catania said . "  Embrace the pace . Half of the fun is the journey . "	Emily Anderson recreates Alice Ramsey 's 1909 coast-to-coast auto odyssey Both women made the journey from NYC to San Francisco in a 1909 Maxwell DA Passing trucks kicked up debris and wind around the open car during 30-day trip Anderson 's Maxwell suffered many breakdowns and lots of people helped along the way
CNN  -- Flamboyant former NBA star Dennis Rodman and three members of the famed Harlem Globetrotters arrived in North Korea Tuesday to "  entertain and inspire " with their basketball skills while they film a TV show . "  I come in peace . I love the people of North Korea ! " Rodman , 51 , said on Twitter Tuesday . The weeklong visit comes at a time of heightened tension between the United States and North Korea , a result of Pyongyang 's pursuit of a nuclear program . Just days ago , North Korea threatened "  miserable destruction " in response to routine military exercises planned between South Korea and the United States . North Korea provoked Western condemnation earlier this month with an underground nuclear test that was preceded by the launch of a long-range missile capable of transporting a warhead in December . Could Rodman 's visit , which a statement from the Harlem Globetrotters calls "  ambassadorial , " help cool down this international hot spot ? Rodman tweeted that he was "  looking forward to sitting down with Kim Jung Un , " known to have been a huge basketball fan when he was a teenage student in Switzerland . "  The whole world for him was just basketball all the time , " a former classmate of North Korea 's supreme leader told CNN after he assumed power after the death of his father , Kim Jong Il , in late 2011 . He is believed to be about 29 years old . Rodman , whose nickname is "  Worm , " said he was "  honored to represent The United States of America . " "  I 'm not a politician . Kim Jung Un & North Korean people are basketball fans . I love everyone . Period . End of story , " he tweeted . His knowledge of geography and geopolitics may be a little off , though , judging from one message . "  Maybe I 'll run into the Gangnam Style dude while I 'm here , " he said . Psy , the artist who made the smash hit song and video , is from South Korea . "  Our aim is to entertain and inspire children everywhere , " Globetrotters CEO Kurt Schneider said . "  Every child deserves that opportunity . " It was unclear whether Rodman , who is accompanied by Globetrotters Bull Bullard , Buckets Blakes and Moose Weekes , will be taken to North Korea 's countryside , where aid groups say malnutrition is rampant . According to Human Rights Watch , hundreds of thousands of people remain enslaved in prison camps , which are "  notorious for horrific living conditions and abuse . " The trip was arranged by the producers of an HBO show that premieres in April , the team said . The documentary series is hosted by Vice magazine founder Shane Smith and executive produced by HBO commentator Bill Maher . When Rodman finishes his North Korean mission , he 'll travel to New York to work with a reality TV supreme leader , Donald Trump , for a season of "  All-Star Celebrity Apprentice . "	The United States and North Korea are at odds over North Korea 's nuclear ambitions Former NBA star Dennis Rodman tweets he 's "  looking forward to sitting down with Kim Jung Un " The North Korean leader is known to be a huge basketball fan The trip was arranged by the producers of the HBO show "  Vice "
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- A Nigerian militant group claimed Wednesday it sabotaged oil pipelines in the country 's oil-rich southern Niger Delta , but the country 's military denies the assertion . File image of armed MEND militants in Niger Delta region of Nigeria The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta  MEND  said in an e-mail message to reporters that the "  major Shell and Agip crude trunk lines in Bayelsa state " were struck . "  The Agip pipeline which connects the Agip Brass terminal was sabotaged at Nembe creek while the Shell Nembe creek line was done at Asawo village , " MEND said . Shell said it is investigating reports of an attack on the Nembe creek pipeline and Agip could not be reached for comment . Rabe Abubakar , spokesman for the Nigerian military 's Joint Task Force , said "  the militants are telling lies " and "  there is no iota of truth in what they are saying . " Their claims against the Shell pipeline "  are not true , " Abubakar said , explaining that explosives were hurled at the pipeline but the explosion was limited and it did not destroy the line . "  There was an attempt by them to blow up an Agip pipeline around 3 a.m. , but the soldiers protected the place and the militants fled , " Abubakar said . Explosives were found on a well and an explosives expert was brought in to remove them , he added . MEND -- which has declared an "  all-out war " on the government -- demands that more of Nigeria 's oil wealth be reinvested in the region , instead of enriching those whom the militants consider corrupt politicians . But fighting has continued despite Nigerian President Umaru Yar ` Adua 's recent call for an amnesty for the militant groups , an offer that stays open until October 4 . Under the amnesty proposal , militants must hand in their weapons and take part in government rehabilitation programs . Also on Wednesday , the military said three people were seized for trying to blow up a pipeline at the Forcados River . But MEND said the military "  arrested two repentant armed youths who approached them to take advantage of the government 's amnesty offer . " "  We are learning that there are about 11 of such cases currently languishing in detention inside the JTF headquarters in Warri , " MEND said . Last month , Amnesty International said that pollution and other environmental impacts from the oil industry in the Niger Delta are creating a "  human rights tragedy " in which local people suffer poor health and loss of livelihood . Governments and oil companies are failing to be accountable for the problems , Amnesty said in its report , called "  Petroleum , Pollution and Poverty in the Niger Delta . " Covering 46,500 square miles  75,000 square km  , the Niger Delta is about the same size as the Czech Republic , according to the United Nations Development Programme . An area of rich biological diversity , the region contains the world 's third-largest wetland with the most extensive freshwater swamp forest , according to the UNDP . More than half the area contains creeks and small islands , while the rest is rain forest , the UNDP says . At the same time , the Niger Delta produces the oil wealth that accounts for the bulk of Nigeria 's foreign earnings , the UNDP says . Earlier this week , MEND said its fighters had blown up an oil pipeline and captured six crew members of a chemical tanker . MEND is now saying it has released the ship and the military says it secured the vessel . It is not clear whether the three Russians , two Filipinos and the Indian seized remain in custody . MEND told CNN that "  to their knowledge , " the crew is no longer being held hostage . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Nigerian militant group says it struck Shell and Agip crude trunk lines Shell said it is investigating reports of an attack on the Nembe creek pipeline Army spokesman : "  No iota of truth in what they  militants  are saying " Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta at war with government
CNN  -- So much for Roma 's sizzling start to the season . Roma set a record by becoming the first Serie A team to win its opening 10 games of a season but after Sunday 's 3-0 loss to Juventus when it finished with nine men , it slipped well behind the Old Lady . Even though Roma had n't been beaten in the division until Sunday , a run of five draws in seven games allowed in-form Juventus to grab the lead and now Juve -- with an eight-point cushion -- is in pole position to make it three league titles in a row . For all its possession , Roma was always playing catch up , since Juventus struck early through free-scoring midfielder Arturo Vidal -- he beat Morgan de Sanctis from close range following Carlos Tevez 's good work in the 17th minute . Juventus all but put the game away in the 48th minute when defender Leonardo Bonucci connected with Andrea Pirlo 's teasing free kick at the back post . Roma was out of sorts and Daniele de Rossi received a straight red in the 75th minute for his two-footed tackle on Italian international teammate Giorgio Chiellini . Pirlo , back from a knee injury , took the ensuing free kick and seconds later Leandro Castan saw red for his hand ball on the line . Mirko Vucinic sent de Sanctis the wrong way from the penalty spot to end Roma 's miserable evening . Elsewhere in Italy , Fiorentina beat Livorno 1-0 but Giuseppe Rossi -- the league 's leading scorer -- limped off with a knee injury after a challenge from defender Leandro Rinaudo . It was the same knee that has troubled the Italian international in recent years and forced him to miss Euro 2012 . "  We are all worried , " Fiorentina manager Vincenzo Montella told reporters . AC Milan plays Monday but manager Max Allegri confirmed Sunday that he would be leaving when his contract expires at the end of the season . Allegri led Milan to the Scudetto in his first season of 2010-11 but the Rossoneri has struggled since off-loading an array of world-class internationals two years ago . Milan currently sits 13th in Serie A , much closer to relegation than Juventus , and was paired with Spanish high-flyer Atletico Madrid in the next round of the Champions League . "  We still have objectives to reach and we have to do everything we can to get back up the table , " Allegri told Milan 's website . "  We have the Italian Cup and the Champions League to play in and I have faith that we 'll do well . "  I want to finish my time here in the best way possible . " Showdown set in Spain Barcelona and Atletico Madrid will face off next week tied on points atop Spain 's La Liga after Barca thrashed Elche 4-0 . Alexis Sanchez netted a hat-trick for the home team , which was still without multiple world player of the year Lionel Messi -- although he has looked sharp in his return to training -- and did n't start Brazilian ace Neymar . Barcelona 's website said Sanchez was chosen ahead of Neymar because he was "  better prepared to play . " "  Alexis was in better condition and we have to pick one of the two , " Barcelona manager Gerardo Martino told the club website . Barcelona overtook Atletico on goal difference ahead of the showdown in Madrid . Atletico edged Malaga 1-0 on Saturday . "  Atletico Madrid can win it all , " said Martino . "  They are built to do great things , it does n't matter who plays . "	Juventus ends Roma 's unbeaten run in Serie A by winning 3-0 in Turin Juventus takes an eight-point lead over Roma atop the Italian divison Barcelona reclaims top position in Spain 's La Liga by easing past Elche 4-0 Alexis Sanchez nets a hat-trick for Barcelona , which was still without Lionel Messi
CNN  -- Even as they were rejecting as far-fetched an Australian company 's assertion that it may have identified the resting place of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 -- thousands of miles from where investigators have been searching -- experts acknowledged Wednesday that they have little choice but to check it out . "  The investigators are going to be hard-pressed to blow this off , " said Mary Schiavo , a former inspector general for the Department of Transportation . "  I think , at this point , because of the lack of results where they 've been searching for six weeks , they 're almost stuck . They have to go look . " The Adelaide-based firm GeoResonance has said that electromagnetic fields captured by airborne multispectral images some 118 miles  190 kilometers  off the coast of Bangladesh in the Bay of Bengal showed evidence of aluminum , titanium , copper and other elements that could have been part of the Boeing 777-200ER , which disappeared from radar on March 8 while en route from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , to Beijing . "  The company is not declaring this is MH370 , however it should be investigated , " GeoResonance said Tuesday in a news release . GeoResonance Managing Director Pavel Kursa , citing intellectual property concerns , would not explain how the imaging works . Nevertheless , the company got its wish on Wednesday , when Bangladesh sent two navy frigates into the Bay of Bengal to the location cited by GeoResonance . "  As soon as they get there , they will search and verify the information , " Commodore Rashed Ali , director of Bangladesh navy intelligence , told CNN in Dhaka . The chief coordinator of the Joint Agency Coordination Centre , retired Chief Air Marshal Angus Houston , held out little optimism that any such search would prove fruitful . He told Sky News International that the search area in the Indian Ocean had been set based on pings believed to have emanated from one or both of the plane 's voice and data recorders . "  The advice from the experts is that 's probably where the aircraft lost power and , somewhere close to that , it probably entered the water . " CNN aviation expert Miles O'Brien said GeoResonance 's claims are not supported by experts . "  My blood is boiling , " he told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  I 've talked to the leading experts in satellite imaging capability at NASA , and they know of no technology that is capable of doing this . I am just horrified that a company would use this event to gain attention like this . " He called on company officials to offer "  a full explanation " for their assertion , which he said appeared to be based on "  magic box " technology . Sending investigators to the Bay of Bengal would draw away from the limited resources that are focused in the southern Indian Ocean , O'Brien said . But that wo n't stop them from going , he predicted . "  I think they have to , " he said . "  It 's a public relations thing now . " David Gallo , director of special projects at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution , also expressed skepticism . "  It 's so revolutionary , and I do n't know anyone that knows of this kind of technology , " he told CNN . "  And I know most of the people in this business . " ` We were being ignored ' The company 's director , David Pope , said he had not wanted to go public , but did so only after his information was disregarded . "  We 're a large group of scientists , and we were being ignored , and we thought we had a moral obligation to get our findings to the authorities , " he told CNN 's "  New Day " on Tuesday . GeoResonance 's technology was created to search for nuclear , biological and chemical weaponry under the ocean 's surface or beneath the earth in bunkers , Pope said . And the company 's news release said its search technology was reliable . "  In the past , it had been successfully applied to locate submersed structures , ships , munitions and aircraft , " it said . "  In some instances objects that were buried under layers of silt could not be identified by other means . " The company began its search four days after the plane went missing and sent officials initial findings on March 31 , Pope said . It followed up with a full report on April 15 , which it would not make public . "  We only send our report to Government authorities as it contains the exact coordinates of what we believe to be the wreckage of an aircraft , " Pope said Wednesday in an e-mail . By going public with their conclusion , if not their data , the company says it hopes it will spur officials to take its claim seriously . Malaysian authorities contacted GeoResonance on Tuesday and were "  very interested , very excited " about the findings , Pope said . Inmarsat , the company whose satellite had the last known contact with MH370 , remains "  very confident " in its analysis that the plane ended up in the southern Indian Ocean , a source close to the MH370 investigation told CNN . The Inmarsat analysis is "  based on testable physics and mathematics , " the source said , and has been reviewed by U.S. , British and Malaysian authorities as well as an independent satellite company . Is GeoResonance on to something ? Relatives hear new details On Tuesday , relatives of the 239 passengers and crew heard new details from officials , including audio recordings of conversations between the plane and a control tower that had not been released before but appeared to contain nothing out of the ordinary . "  Malaysia three seven zero , contact Ho Chi Minh 120.9 , good night , " says a voice identified by Malaysian officials as that of a radar controller in Kuala Lumpur . "  Good night Malaysian three seven zero , " answers a male voice believed to be a Flight 370 crew member . A preliminary report on the plane , submitted last week to the International Civil Aviation Organization , will be released to the public Thursday , the Malaysian Ministry of Transportation said Wednesday . "  The report will be very basic , I assume -- most initial , preliminary reports are , " said Schiavo , the aviation analyst . "  Just the facts , basic things . " But she predicted it will also lay out what is not known , as well as a blueprint for the path ahead and , as such , could prove helpful to family members of those who were aboard . Plane audio recording played in public for first time to Chinese families More intense underwater search Seven weeks of intense searching have found nothing linked to the plane . Though some ships will stay on the Indian Ocean to gather any debris , the international air effort to find the plane is over . The likelihood of finding any debris on the ocean 's surface is "  very remote indeed , " since it has probably become waterlogged and sunk , Houston said . So crews will scour a larger area of the ocean floor -- 23,000 square miles  60,000 square kilometers  -- in a process that could take eight months , officials said . The next phase will use private contractors and could cost about $ 56 million . Houston said that could stretch to 12 months if any glitches with equipment or weather were to occur . He was confident the aircraft will be found , though perhaps not soon . "  Nothing happens fast underwater , " he said . "  It could take months and months and months and months . " The Bluefin-21 , which has searched the 121-square-mile  314-square-kilometer  area around where pings were thought to have been detected , resumed searching a nearby area of the ocean floor at about 1 a.m. ET on Wednesday -- its 17th mission , according to a U.S. Navy source . New phase to include private contractors , may cost $ 60 million Journalist Farid Ahmed reported from Dhaka ; CNN 's Anna Coren reported from Adelaide , Australia ; Miguel Marquez and David Molko reported from Western Australia ; Mitra Mobasherat reported from Kuala Lumpur ; Tom Watkins , Holly Yan and Mariano Castillo reported and wrote from Atlanta ; and Mike Ahlers contributed from Washington . CNN 's Ivan Watson and Allen Shum contributed to this report .	Bangladesh sends two frigates into the Bay of Bengal to investigate "  The investigators are going to be hard-pressed to blow this off , " says aviation analyst More than 600 military members from around the world end their air search Crews will now search a larger area of the ocean floor
CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton claimed his first victory since switching to Mercedes and revived his world title hopes with a storming drive at the Hungarian Grand Prix Sunday . The 28-year-old Briton made full use of his pole position to finish ahead of Kimi Raikkonen for Lotus and triple world champion Sebastian Vettel . Red Bull 's Vettel increases his lead in the title race to 38 points after Fernando Alonso could only claim fifth in his Ferrari . The ever-consistent Raikkonen has moved into second spot , one point ahead of Alonso with Hamilton in fourth , still 48 points adrift of leader Vettel . But he will be heartened by a famous victory , with the Mercedes at last being able to capitalize on their qualifying superiority . Fearing hot conditions and tire wear , Hamilton had expressed the opinion it would be a "  miracle " if he was able to take the checkered flag , but in the reality his 22nd career win was almost untroubled , finishing 11 seconds ahead of Raikkonen . "  Brilliant job Lewis , fantastic drive , " Hamilton 's team told him over his race radio after the 2008 world champion ended a ten race winless streak . It was his fourth win at the Hungaroring near Budapest , repeating his 2012 triumph with McLaren . Hamilton acknowledged how crucial the victory was at the halfway stage of a season to date largely dominated by Vettel in his Red Bull . "  I think this is probably one of the most important Grand Prix wins of my career , " he said . "  We have got to work hard but if we can come here and make our tires last we should be able to do it anywhere , " he added . Australia 's Mark Webber took fourth in the second Red Bull ahead of two-time champion Alonso , with Romain Grosjean sixth for Lotus after another incident packed drive by the Frenchman . Britain 's Jenson Button was seventh for the improving McLaren team with Brazilian Felipe Massa in the second Ferrari taking eighth . Mexican Sergio Perez in the second McLaren and Pastor Maldonado of Venezuela rounded out the points scoring . Hamilton 's teammate Nico Rosberg went off near the finish while in ninth place so Red Bull increase their advantage in the race for the constructors ' title .	Lewis Hamilton wins Hungarian Grand Prix to boost title hopes Kimi Raikkonen finishes in second place in his Lotus Triple world champion Sebastian Vettel back in third Vettel increases lead in standings after Fernando Alonso takes fifth
U.S. President Barack Obama on Tuesday hailed the achievements of the Nuclear Security Summit here , including some countries ' agreements to give their highly enriched uranium to the United States for degrading . "  We 've seen such steps as Belgium and Italy completing the removal of their excess supplies of highly enriched uranium and plutonium so that those supplied can be eliminated , " he said at a joint news conference with Mark Rutte , the Prime Minister of the Netherlands . And dozens of other nations have agreed to take steps to improve nuclear security in their own countries and to support global efforts , the U.S. President said . "  So what 's been valuable about this summit is that it has not just been talk , it 's been action . " Hours after Obama landed Monday in The Netherlands for the summit , the White House announced a deal to dispose of huge quantities of nuclear material from Japan . Obama credited the heads of state who participated in the effort , "  as well as the extraordinary work of foreign ministers and sherpas and others who have helped to move this process forward . " The United States is doing its part , too , by installing more radiation detection equipment at ports and other transit sites to thwart would-be smugglers of nuclear materials ; by developing guidelines to strengthen cybersecurity at nuclear power plants ; and by pursuing production of an isotope used in medicine that does not require weapons-usable materials , he said . But more work is to be done "  to fully secure all nuclear and radiological material ... so that it can no longer pose a risk to our citizens , " he added . "  Given the catastrophic consequences of even a single attack , we can not be complacent . " He noted that Ukraine agreed at the first such summit , in 2010 , to remove its highly enriched uranium from its nuclear fuel sites . "  Had that not happened , those dangerous nuclear materials would still be there now , and the difficult situation we are dealing with in Ukraine today would involve yet another level of concern . " Before the next such summit , to be held in 2016 in Chicago , "  we have to set very clearly what are the actionable items that we 've already identified that we know can get done if we have the political will to do them , and let 's go ahead and get them done , " he said . Tuesday 's session marked the third such gathering of world leaders since Obama helped launched the initiative in 2009 . According to a report issued last year by the Center for Nonproliferation Studies , the United States will spend at least $ 179 billion over the nine fiscal years of 2010-2018 on its nuclear arsenal .	"  It has not just been talk , it has been action , " Obama says of the nuclear summit Obama : The U.S. is doing its part , too , with installation of more radiation detection equipment Ukraine gave up its highly enriched uranium in 2010
CNN  -- Monday I did an interview in the Election Center with Sen. John McCain 's campaign spokesman Tucker Bounds . The interview was about Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 's experience and readiness to be commander in chief . The interview became a bit of a lightning rod . CNN 's Campbell Brown interviews McCain spokesman Tucker Bounds . Over the last few days , I have received thousands of e-mails . For those who did n't see the interview , you can read it or view it below . McCain 's campaign got upset about that interview . McCain officials told CNN I had crossed a line and they canceled a scheduled appearance by McCain on "  Larry King Live . " I do n't think the interview was over the line . Neither does CNN . And neither do most of you who e-mailed me this week . Thank you , all of you who e-mailed me , including those who disagree . We 're always interested in getting past talking points and exploring the issues in any political interview . You have a right to know the people you are voting for . Our pledge to you on this program is to ask the tough but fair questions and to try to get answers . REAL answers . Here is a transcript of the interview : Watch Brown interview Bounds " BROWN : We have Tucker Bounds joining us who is a spokesman for the McCain campaign . We want to have an opportunity to talk to him a little bit about this . And , Tucker , you there ? BOUNDS : Yeah , Campbell . Can you hear me ? BROWN : Good . Yeah . We got you in the chair . I 'm glad you 're with us . Thanks so much for taking time and joining us tonight . I want to begin by asking , you know , what we 've been discussing before you sat in the chair , Gov. Palin sharing a difficult personal story today , the news her unmarried teenage daughter is pregnant . She plans to have the baby , to marry the father . Explain to us when John McCain first learned about this . BOUNDS : He learned about it during the vetting process before his selection . He did not consider it a disqualifier . Gov. Palin has a long record of reforming Alaska , taking on the establishment for 13 years . She started out as a civic activist in the PTA , went to the city counsel , on to the mayor of her small town , took on big oil in the oil and gas commission in Alaska then to the governor 's office where she 's made serious bipartisan reforms . That 's the reason she was selected . Certainly her personal family matters never disqualified her from serving public office , serving a higher office in a cause greater than herself . That 's John McCain 's message . She fits it perfectly and we 're happy to have her . BROWN : Tucker , though , this obviously putting this young woman , Bristol Palin , smack in the media spotlight at what 's already got to be a very challenging time in her life , I mean , how do you respond to people who wonder why her mother would have subjected her to this kind of scrutiny by accepting this high-profile position ? BOUNDS : I think Gov. Palin understands that these are serious times . We have serious challenges and it 's time to shake up Washington . It was the reason she was happy to take John McCain 's invitation to go to Washington , make the changes that Americans needs and Americans depend on . She 's an expert on energy . She understands we need an all of the above energy approach that includes the alternatives and the renewable fuels . This is an important decision . I think it 's dangerous to confuse her civic decision to get involved and make a difference in the country with a family matter -- BROWN : I understand that . I recognize that . In an ideal world , it would be private . You know , this is a presidential campaign . Nothing is private . The world is watching . And if we , you know , as much as everyone might want to give this young woman her privacy , you know that 's not going to happen . And so you do risk putting her through an incredibly difficult process by accepting this job if you 're her mother . You ca n't deny that , right ? BOUNDS : The Palin family made clear in their statement that they were hoping and continue to hope that this will be a private family matter . That was their intention from the very beginning . Media inquiries and attention are going to happen in the campaign . They understand that . It 's important for us as we have a conversation with voters of how we can change Washington , how we can move forward and take on the big challenges that Americans expect of their public officials that we keep a private matter private among their family . Certainly all of us , certainly the members of the media would expect that from Americans . That 's the way we 're proceeding . BROWN : Tucker , foreign policy experience has been a huge issue in this campaign because you guys made it a big issue , pointing out John McCain has far more experience than Barack Obama and nothing in your view is more important than the campaign . I do n't have to tell you there 's a feeling out there by some that you 're not holding your VP pick to your own standard , the standard you define . So explain to us why you think Gov. Palin is ready to be commander in chief . BOUNDS : Gov. Palin has the good fortune of being on ticket with John McCain who there is no question is the most experienced and shown proven judgment on the international stage . He understands foreign affairs . BROWN : We know all that about John McCain , Tucker . I asked you about her . We all know the role of the VP as John McCain defined it is to be able to step into the job of the presidency on day one . I 'm asking you about her foreign policy experience . BOUNDS : Yeah , Campbell , there are a number of people supporting Barack Obama 's candidacy and feel he 's experienced enough to take on the Oval Office . Our feeling is -- BROWN : You 're not answering my question -- BOUNDS : Just as much experience as Barack Obama . BROWN : OK . So does she -- you -- what I 'm saying is that you set a different standard by arguing how important it was with John McCain . No one 's arguing with you he has much more experience than Barack Obama , so I 'm trying to get someone from the campaign to explain to me what foreign policy experience or qualifications she has that would allow her to be ready to be commander in chief if something should happen to Sen. McCain . BOUNDS : Well , Campbell , let me be clear . I do n't think there should be problem explaining her experience . She has executive state level experience . She 's been in public office reforming Washington . She 's been in executive office longer and in a more effective sense than Barack Obama 's been in the United States Senate . She 's been the commander of the National Guard of the Alaska National Guard that 's been deployed overseas . That 's foreign policy experience . BROWN : If I can interrupt for one second because I 've heard you guys say this a lot . Can you tell me one decision that she made as commander in chief of the Alaska National Guard , just one ? BOUNDS : Yeah . She 's made -- any decision she has made as the commander of the National Guard that 's deployed overseas is more of a decision Barack Obama 's been making as he 's been running for the president for the last two years . BROWN : So tell me . Tell me . Give me an example of one of those decisions . I 'm curious , just one decision she made in her capacity as commander in chief of the National Guard . BOUNDS : Campbell , certainly you do n't mean to belittle , every experience , every judgment she makes as commander -- BROWN : I 'm belittling nothing . I want to know one judgment or one decision . I want to know what one decision was . I 'm not belittling anything , I am curious . BOUNDS : As she makes a decision how to equip or how to command the national guard in Alaska , that is more -- BROWN : But Tucker , those are the Pentagon 's decision , that 's Gen. Petraeus , that 's the White House . BOUNDS : Pardon me ? BROWN : No governor makes decisions how to equip or deploy the National Guard . When they go to Iraq , those are decisions made by the Pentagon . BOUNDS : Campbell , on factual basis , they certainly do . In Alaska , if I have an emergency in your state , the National Guard is under the command of the governor . That is more of a command role than Barack Obama has ever had . I would argue John McCain and Gov. Palin between the two of them have far more command experience in military than either of the candidates on the Democratic side . I do want to argue this is about the top of the ticket . Ultimately when people go into the ballot box and decide between Barack Obama and John McCain , they will decide between John McCain 's record of reforming Washington and Barack Obama 's rhetoric on the campaign trail , does n't have a lot of experience , certainly has no command or military experience , which both our candidates have . That 's an important distinction I think voters will make the right call in November . BROWN : All right . Tucker , I 'm just going to give it to you , baby . We 'll end it there . BOUNDS : Appreciate it . BROWN : I appreciate you coming on and taking the time to have this debate . I think it 's important . People do n't know a lot about her . They want to understand her qualifications as much as possible . We 're not beating you up here . We 're not trying to . We 're just trying to educate ourselves and educate our viewers . So I really do appreciate your time and thank you for your time coming on .	Brown asks McCain spokesman about Sarah Palin 's experience Interview generates thousands of e-mails to Brown McCain camp says she crossed a line , cancels a CNN appearance
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The number of deaths in Sudan 's Darfur region since 2006 may have been underestimated by as much as 50 percent , the U.N. undersecretary-general for humanitarian affairs said Tuesday . An man injured in clashes with tribal fighters outside the African Union Mission in southern Darfur in 2007 . In March , international figures , including U.N. data , put the death toll in Darfur at 200,000 , with another 2.5 million people displaced . But 300,000 are believed to have died in the tribal conflict in the past two years , said John Holmes , who also is the United Nations emergency relief coordinator . Holmes said that sexual violence has increased and that food allotments for civilians affected by the civil war will be halved in a few days . Holmes gave the U.N. Security Council an update on conditions in the western Sudan region , revisiting a report he gave a year ago . "  I am sad to say that the humanitarian situation remains as grim today as it was then , if not more so , " he said . In 2008 , 100,000 civilians have fled their homes , many not for the first time . The Darfur conflict began five years ago , when ethnic African tribesmen took up arms , complaining of decades of neglect and discrimination by the Sudanese government . Sudan 's Arab-dominated government is accused of responding by unleashing tribal militias known as Janjaweed , which are said to have committed the worst atrocities against Darfur 's local communities . There also have been intra-rebel and tribal clashes , Holmes added . He blamed the military arm of the Justice and Equality Movement faction of the Sudan Liberation Movement for the most recent round of violence , and he accused the government of using "  disproportionate force " and failing to differentiate between civilians and rebels in their response . "  Darfur today is still characterized by insecurity , lawlessness and impunity , " he said . "  A particularly worrying feature is evidence of high levels of sexual violence and exploitation in the northern corridor of west Darfur over the past two months . " This is shown by the increased number of women and girls seeking treatment after sexual brutality , Holmes said . The World Food Programme announced last week that it will have to cut back its food distributions in May , partly because of attacks on convoys that reduced the amount of supplies they can get through , Holmes said . Six aid workers have been killed this year , and 42 humanitarian posts have been attacked . The supply line also is hurt by soaring food prices : The price of staples such as millet has doubled since April 2007 , Holmes said . While expressing gratitude to the Sudanese government for improved cooperation under various agreements , Holmes said there still is no physical access to internally displaced persons and some other groups . He said he was "  saddened and angry " that after five years , there has been no lasting solution to the suffering . He made several recommendations to the government , including disbanding the Janjaweed , providing security for citizens , ending impunity for criminals and shouldering more of the financial burden for humanitarian aid . Holmes also said rebels must stop their attacks against people and humanitarian convoys . E-mail to a friend	In March , death toll in Darfur given as 200,000 ; 2.5 million people displaced U.N. official now says that figure is closer to 300,000 dead since 2006 Official reports that sexual violence has increased , food rations hurt in region Darfur conflict began five years ago when ethnic African tribesmen took up arms
CNN  -- Elephant seals equipped with electronic tags and robotic mini submarines using sonar were just two projects during the International Polar Year  IPY  that aimed to investigate the effects of global warming in polar regions . An elephant seal with a custom-designed electronic tag . The tags fell off when the animals molted . The fourth IPY , which began in March 2007 and actually covered two full years , ended last month , after 160 scientific projects were undertaken by researchers from over 60 countries . A joint project by the International Council for Science  ICSW  and World Meteorological Organization .  WMO  , the IPY hoped to spearhead efforts to better monitor and understand the Arctic and Antarctic regions . The project had international funding of about US$ 1.2 billion over the two-year period . "  The International Polar Year 2007/2008 came at a crossroads for the planet 's future , " said Michel Jarraud , Secretary-General of WMO in a press statement . "  The new evidence resulting from polar research will strengthen the scientific basis on which we build future actions . " Researchers found that in the Arctic during the summers of 2007 and 2008 , the minimum extent of year-round sea ice decreased to its lowest level since satellite records began 30 years ago . According to a report published by the IPY organizing committee in February , their research indicates that global warming is affecting Antarctica in ways not previously identified . Other evidence of climate change came from IPY research vessels that found warming waters in the Southern Ocean and an increase in melting ice that is creating fresher bottom water around the coast of Antarctica . Among efforts to study the effects of climate change on Antarctica , was aNorwegian Polar Institute project to study marine mammals . Custom-designed tags were attached to elephant seals to study the animals ' habits , although researcher realized the tags could also help with field research on climate change . The electronic tags -- which fell off when the seals molted -- sent back data on temperature and salinity the oceans around Antarctica , particularly around the Fimbul Ice Shelf in east Antarctica . While ice-shelf melt has been recorded in the west of Antarctica , scientists are concerned that it could happen in the east as well . Another project to study the underside of an Antarctic glacier deployed an autonomous robot submarine . The team from the U.S. and British Antarctic Survey sent the "  Autosub " on six missions to study the Pine Island Glacier and how changes in ocean temperature were affecting the West Antarctic Ice Sheet . Using sonar , the submarine picked its way around the glacier and sent back data that created three-dimensional maps that scientists used to determine where and how the warmth of the ocean waters was melting the glacier 's base . "  If -LSB- the West Antarctic Ice Sheet -RSB- were to melt completely , global sea levels would rise by as much as 5 meters , " said Stan Jacobs , the U.S. lead scientist on the project . "  Because so little is known about ice-sheet behavior , this research will take us a step further in understanding how ice sheets will contribute to sea-level rise . "	Scientists using robot submarines and elephant seals equipped with electronic tags The projects ' aim is to study effects of climate change on Antarctica The International Polar Year ended last month after two years of research The IPY featured 160 scientific projects by researchers from over 60 countries
Nova Friburgo , Brazil  CNN  -- The death toll from devastating flooding in Brazil continued to rise Sunday , surpassing 600 , the government said . At least 655 deaths were reported in a mountainous region of Rio de Janeiro state , northeast of the city of Rio . Other states in the South American country have also seen heavy rainfall . Last week , authorities in neighboring Sao Paulo state said 24 people had been killed by flooding . Forecasters there said late Sunday that an approaching cold front could bring more flooding and landslides . Most of the deaths in Rio de Janeiro state were reported in the cities of Nova Friburgo and Teresopolis , with 302 and 276 fatalities , respectively . The state 's health and civil defense department reported 58 fatalities in the town of Petropolis and 19 in Sumidouro . Officials in that office also warned residents of the risk of waterborne diseases . Several thousand vaccines against tetanus and diphtheria have been distributed , they said . Rescuers have not been able to reach some hard-hit areas , and many more people are feared dead . The rain is predicted to continue for several days in areas already submerged in water or slathered with mud . Members of the army entered parts of Teresopolis and were able to rescue 110 families . Thousands of families are still living on mountain slopes or on riverbanks and face extreme risk of being washed away . One resident described the disaster as a tsunami that fell from the sky . In a statement , Rio Gov. Sergio Cabral said he had a panic attack when he was traveling to Nova Friburgo and saw a devastated mountainside . Outside a makeshift morgue in Teresopolis , a crowd of people waited for their turn to identify loved ones . Marco Antonio Siqueira Costa said the last time he saw his brother , sister-in-law and niece was a few days ago , before mud buried their house . "  I think that last meeting was God 's way of granting us a farewell , " he said . Residents in the city donned masks and helped clean streets or deliver first aid . Others combed the city searching desperately for missing loved ones . Red Cross volunteer Maria Helena de Jesus was helping with first aid . "  You have to almost have a heart of stone , " she said . "  It was very difficult . " Teresopolis Mayor Jorge Mario Sedlacek declared his city a natural disaster area . President Dilma Rousseff flew over flood-affected areas last week and landed in Friburgo , the agency said . The floods are her first test as president . She trudged through mud to talk to residents in a neighborhood where four of seven firefighters trying to rescue people had been buried under mud . The other three were pulled out alive . "  We are going to take firm action " to help the devastated areas , Rousseff said . Brazilian authorities have been criticized for a lack of disaster planning , and for and allowing people to build homes in areas known to become treacherous in the rainy season . They are under increasing pressure to show a strong response . Brazil is scheduled to host the World Cup in 2014 and the Olympics in 2016 . Journalist Fabiana Frayssinet contributed to this report .	Forecasters say more flooding and landslides could hit Sao Paulo state At least 655 deaths are reported in Rio de Janeiro state Officials warn of the risk of waterborne diseases Troops arrive to help rescue those who are trapped
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- The United Nations has condemned Friday 's rocket attack on Israel from southern Lebanon , and urged both sides "  to exercise maximum restraint . " Italian soldiers with UNIFIL and Lebanese security forces inspect a rocket site in Qlayleh , Lebanon , on Friday . Israel 's military fired between 12 and 18 artillery shells into southern Lebanon Friday shortly after the rocket attack on northern Israel , according to the Israeli military and a Lebanese army official . There were no casualties in either incident . Rockets fired from Lebanon struck open spaces in the western Galilee region of northern Israel , an Israel Defense Forces spokesman said . There were no reports of damage . Israel retaliated by firing toward the source of the rocket fire , the IDF spokesman said . The shells landed near the southern Lebanese village of Qlayleh around 3 p.m.  8 a.m. ET  , a Lebanese army official said . The IDF spokesman said the Israeli military considers the rocket-fire incident to be serious and holds Lebanon 's government and military responsible . Israel Radio reported one rocket struck near the northern town of Nahariya and another landed near Gesher Haziv , a kibbutz , or collective community . Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said residents near Nahariya heard several explosions , and the remnants of at least one rocket were found . There has been no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon released a statement through his spokeswoman , condemning the attack . He said the United Nations mission in Lebanon , UNIFIL , "  is investigating the circumstances of the incident in close cooperation with the Lebanese Armed Forces . " There are an estimated 30,000 rockets in southern Lebanon , all under the control of Hezbollah militants . Israel fought a war against Hezbollah militants in Lebanon three years ago that is widely regarded as having empowered the Shiite militia . CNN 's Michal Zippori in Jerusalem and Nada Husseini in Beirut , Lebanon , contributed to this report .	NEW : It urges Lebanese , Israelis "  to exercise maximum restraint " Israel says rockets fired from Lebanon struck open spaces in northern Israel Israel says it fired 12 to 18 artillery shells into southern Lebanon in retaliation There have been no injuries , and no one has claimed responsibility for rocket attack
CNN  -- On the afternoon of August 3 , a graying , slightly paunchy , well-dressed man in a mask and carrying a baseball bat strolled into the bedroom of an 18-year-old Australian woman studying for a school exam . He strapped something that seemed to be a bomb to her neck and told her not to move . Then he left . With that , a man police now identify as Paul Douglas Peters , 50 , touched off a baffling international investigation that eventually reached 9,317 miles across the ocean to Buckner , Kentucky , where an FBI team arrested Peters on Monday . Authorities say Peters attempted to extort money from Madeleine Pulver 's family in suburban Sydney by fastening a black box around her neck that he said in a note contained "  powerful new technology plastic explosives " that would go off if she did not follow his instructions , according to a complaint for provisional arrest filed Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Louisville . Those instructions included orders to write to an e-mail address and wait for details on handing over an unspecified amount of money . Pulver spent nearly 10 agonizing hours in her bedroom as authorities tested the box to make sure it would not explode before removing it from her neck . At the same time , authorities allege , Peters was stopping off in his four-wheel-drive Range Rover at a library and video store to check the e-mail account he 'd given Pulver and whiling away at least part of the time at a liquor store browsing for wine , a Sauvignon Blanc to be precise . Peters ' attorney , Scott Cox , said the investment banker and attorney will contest the charges . "  It is my understanding that he has no criminal history whatsoever , " Cox added . "  We are enormously relieved that an arrest has been made , " father Bill Pulver said . "  These past two weeks have been a very difficult time for us . " On Wednesday , Madeleine Pulver told reporters the incident was "  all very surreal . " "  I 'm glad it 's all over , " she told CNN affiliate Seven Network in Australia . Investigators in Australia and the United States say they were able to link Peters to the e-mail address using video surveillance and access logs , and found credit card records showing that he had purchased a thumb drive , lanyard and baseball bat identical to those used in the extortion attempt , according to the complaint . A magistrate in Kentucky ordered Peters , an Australian national , held without bail until at least October 14 , when he may be allowed to apply for bail . That 's also when Australia will be required to request Peters ' extradition . Cox told CNN Radio that the proceedings may include a probable cause hearing . Australian police plan to seek charges against him including kidnapping , aggravated breaking and entering with intent to commit a serious indictable offense , and demanding property by force with intent to steal , according to the complaint . Peters is not accused of any U.S. offenses . Assistant Commissioner David Hudson of the New South Wales Police Department said Peters was not yet a suspect when he flew to Louisville on August 8 , arriving the next day . But "  a fairly detailed chain of circumstantial evidence " -- including Pulver 's detailed description of the "  heavily disguised " assailant -- ultimately led them to the United States and the arrest . According to the complaint , a man wearing a business shirt , slacks and a blue , yellow and white mask that covered everything but his mouth and a pair of "  saggy and wrinkly " eyes sauntered into Pulver 's room , carrying a backpack and a black aluminum baseball bat . He said he was n't going to hurt her , forced a black box around her neck using something like a bike chain and locked it . To this he added a lanyard with a green thumb drive and a plastic document sleeve containing a note . "  Count to 200 , " the man said , according to the complaint . "  I 'll be back . " Pulver waited a few minutes , called out to the man but got no response . She contacted her parents and asked for police , and after a tense nine or 10 hours , tests concluded that the device was not a bomb . Australian and U.S. authorities say the e-mail account listed in the note was created May 30 at a computer using an Internet address assigned to the Chicago airport , where travel documents indicate Peters was on that day . Investigators say video surveillance linked him to the only three logins to the account , all in the hours after the break-in at the Pulver home . Surveillance cameras at a library in Kincumber , Australia , showed him pulling up in a silver Range Rover and leaving moments after the first login . The next two came at a video store in Avoca Beach , Australia . Surveillance cameras from a liquor store next to the video shop showed a man resembling Peters entering the store on two separate occasions that evening , each shortly before the e-mail account was accessed . Peters apparently spent part of this afternoon waiting for a response by shopping for Phillip Shore Sauvignon Blanc wine , according to a liquor store employee who police said remembered talking to Peters . The man , the store clerk said , appeared to be just "  wasting time , " according to the complaint . Investigators say credit card receipts indicated that Peters bought the thumb drive , lanyard and baseball bat used in the incident in the weeks leading up to it , as well as a deleted file on the thumb drive that forensic analysis showed was created on a computer called "  Paul P. " Authorities in Australia alerted their U.S. counterparts to Peters after finding travel records showing that he had flown to Louisville on August 8 and had previously wired money to a woman living in Buckner , Kentucky , who turns out to be his former wife . The FBI sent an agent to check out the house two days later and spotted Peters in the backyard . "  I do n't think he resisted in any respect , " Scott said . Authorities do not believe his ex-wife was involved in or aware of the plot . The couple divorced in 2007 , according to Cox . Peters is a globe-trotting investment banker who went to primary school in Hong Kong , attended college in Sydney , ran investments in Malaysia and spent quite a bit of time in the United States , where his ex-wife and three school-age children live , according to authorities and his attorney . A woman who identified herself as his hairdresser was quoted by the Daily Telegraph newspaper in Australia as saying he was a "  happy-go-lucky chap . " "  I was actually really shocked , you know , I could n't believe it because he was such a nice fella , " the newspaper quoted Tammy Schreiber as saying . How he ended up in the wealthy Sydney suburb of Mosman , where many athletes and celebrities live , allegedly attempting to extort money from the Pulvers remains something of a mystery . An Australian police official who accompanied FBI agents on the raid in Bucker said the Pulvers did n't know Peters . But it appears he was formerly employed by a company with which the Pulvers have links , according to the complaint filed in federal court . The complaint did n't elaborate , and the nature of the specific link was n't immediately clear Tuesday . A LinkedIn profile that appears to be Peters ' lists his job as managing director at Douglas Corp. , formerly Allco Finance Group Malaysia . No Web listing for such a company could be immediately located . Peters was formerly the U.S. managing director at Connell Finance Co. , according to the profile . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : The victim describes the ordeal as "  all very surreal " The suspect in Australian "  collar-bomb " case will be held until at least October 14 Police say Paul Peters broke into the family home of an 18-year-old Australian girl They say he attached a fake bomb to the victim and left a note demanding money
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai warned Tuesday that any future NATO airstrikes that kill civilians will be considered attacks against the Afghan people . The statement came three days after an airstrike killed 14 civilians in southern Afghanistan , according to Afghan officials . "  This is my last warning to the NATO forces : No more attacks on the homes of Afghans will be allowed , " Karzai told reporters . "  If they continue such operations to kill civilians , international forces will change to a force who is not fighting against terrorists but fighting against Afghan people . " Army Gen. David Petraeus , commander of NATO-led troops in Afghanistan , joined two other generals in offering "  sincere apologies " Monday for the airstrike that killed nine civilians in Helmand province . There was no immediate explanation for the disparity between this figure and Karzai 's account of 14 killed : 10 children , two women and two men . Maj. Gen. John Toolan , head of NATO 's International Security Assistance Force command in southwest Afghanistan , pleaded with Afghans to not only forgive , but to also work with coalition forces in hopes of bolstering their security . "  I offer our heartfelt apologies to the families and friends of those killed , " Toolan said in a statement . "  I ask that the Afghan people continue to trust and assist their security forces , so that together we can stop the senseless killing brought upon us by an enemy who wants to exploit the Afghan people through fear and violence . " Karzai said Tuesday that the international community has turned the war against terrorism into political objectives . "  They seek their own interest and played politics , " Karzai said . " ... If they were fighting against terrorism as the Afghans were honestly advising them , if they were focusing  on  the terrorism sanctuaries ... this war would have been more successful . "	Hamid Karzai says attacks by international forces on Afghan houses will not be tolerated Afghan officials say a Saturday attack in Helmand province killed 14 civilians A NATO military leader apologizes for the attack , which he says killed nine civilians
CNN  -- Maryland became the eighth U.S. state to allow same-sex marriage Thursday as Gov. Martin O'Malley signed legislation he said secures the "  human dignity " of all residents , including gay and lesbian couples . A standing-room crowd in the Maryland State House cheered O'Malley as he emerged from his office to sign the legislation , flanked by state Senate President Mike Miller and House Speaker Michael Busch . "  The way forward is always found through greater respect for the equal rights of all , " the governor said . Six states and the District of Columbia already issue same-sex marriage licenses -- Connecticut , Iowa , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , New York and Vermont . Five states -- Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , New Jersey and Rhode Island -- allow civil unions that provide rights similar to marriage . The Maryland House of Delegates approved the measure O'Malley signed Thursday less than two weeks after Washington state legislators voted to legalize same-sex marriage . That measure will take effect in the summer if it survives a likely court challenge . New Jersey lawmakers approved same-sex marriage this month , but Gov. Chris Christie vetoed the legislation . He has said voters should decide the issue in a statewide referendum . Voters in North Carolina and Minnesota , meanwhile , will consider proposals in May and November , respectively , to ban gay marriage in those states . New Hampshire lawmakers may also consider a repeal of its same-sex marriage law , according to the National Organization for Marriage , which opposes same-sex marriage . Lawsuits seeking to expand civil unions or turn back laws banning same-sex marriages are working through the courts in at least 12 states , including Hawaii , Minnesota and California , the organization said . Same-sex marriage became a national issue in 1993 , after the Hawaii Supreme Court ruled that a ban on such unions violated the state constitution . Legislation was introduced recently to allow same-sex marriages in Illinois , and bills from 2011 remain technically active in Hawaii and Minnesota , said Jack Tweedie of the National Council of State Legislatures . It 's unclear whether any will see significant action , he said . An effort is also under way to put a proposal to legalize same-sex marriage on the November ballot in Maine , where voters previously overturned a 2009 state law authorizing it . In California , meanwhile , a federal appeals court recently ruled against a voter-passed referendum that outlawed same-sex marriage . It said such a ban was unconstitutional and singled out gays and lesbians for discrimination . The case appears to be eventually headed to the U.S. Supreme Court .	NEW : O'Malley 's signature authorizes same-sex marriage in Maryland Voters in Minnesota and North Carolina will consider proposals in November New Jersey lawmakers approved same-sex marriage this month , but it was vetoed Neither side in the same-sex marriage debate is declaring victory
CNN  -- The National Rifle Association made clear Sunday it will not budge on its opposition to any new gun laws , despite heated criticism of the organization 's response to the Connecticut school massacre . "  I know this town wants to argue about gun control , " the group 's CEO , Wayne LaPierre , told NBC 's "  Meet the Press " in Washington . "  I do n't think it will work . " LaPierre stood by remarks he made at an event Friday billed as a news conference -- though he took no questions -- in which he argued for armed guards in schools . "  If it 's crazy to call for putting police and armed security in our schools to protect our children , then call me crazy , " he said on Sunday . He added that in Friday 's news conference , "  I said what I honestly thought and what millions , and hundreds of millions , of people all over this country believe will actually make a difference . " "  We 're going to support an immediate appropriation before Congress to put police officers in every school , " he vowed . Legislation being pushed by Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , to restore an assault weapons ban is not going to make kids any safer , LaPierre insisted . Read more : Gun owners fear new laws Pressed on whether high-capacity magazines should be banned , limiting the number of bullets that can be fired from a single weapon without reloading , LaPierre said no . "  There are so many different ways " that a "  monster " could carry out a massacre , as Adam Lanza did in Newtown , Connecticut , LaPierre argued . He would not express support for any new gun restrictions , saying most gun laws on the books are currently rarely enforced . "  I know there 's a media machine in this country that wants to blame guns every time something happens , " he said , adding , "  I know there 's an anti-Second Amendment industry in this town . " The NRA supports efforts to improve mental health care in the country in hopes of avoiding such nightmare scenarios , LaPierre said . Meanwhile , Asa Hutchinson , the man charged with developing the NRA 's program to place armed guards in schools , told CNN his "  high-level panel of experts " will present educators with safety options and detailed instructions . Sen. Joe Lieberman , an independent from Connecticut , told CNN , "  I have found the statements by the NRA over the last couple of days to be really disheartening , because the statements seem to not reflect any understanding about the slaughter of children that happened in Newtown . ... "  The NRA spokespeople have been willing to deal with every possible cause of gun violence , except guns . They 're right that there 's a problem for our society -- how do you spot a child or a person who is troubled before they become a killer ? What 's the influence of violence in our entertainment culture on people ? But it 's obviously also true that the easy availability of guns , including military-style assault weapons , is a contributing factor , and you ca n't keep that off the table . I had hoped they 'd come to the table and say , everything is on the table . " Lanza shot his way into Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown and killed 20 children -- none of them older than 7 -- and six adults . He used a Bushmaster AR-15 rifle to mow down his victims before killing himself with one of the two handguns he was carrying . On Friday , a week after the shooting , LaPierre spoke out for the first time on the massacre , blaming video games and the media , while also proposing an armed guard in every U.S. school . "  The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun , " he said . Some gun owners and mostly Republican officials rallied around LaPierre , and some -- such as Texas Gov. Rick Perry -- have indicated they support putting armed guards , or even teachers with concealed weapons , in schools . Read more : NRA breaks silence after shootings CNN iReporter Jason Asselin applauded the NRA 's stance , proposing that U.S. troops returning from war zones could serve as armed guards . "  Right now , our schools remain unprotected , " he said . "  Action is needed . Our children deserve to be protected . " But most of the reaction to LaPierre was negative . Democratic Sen.-elect and U.S. Rep. Chris Murphy , whose district includes Newtown , called LaPierre 's words "  the most revolting , tone-deaf statement I 've ever seen . " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , an independent , blasted them as "  a shameful evasion of the crisis facing the country . " And former Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele said he found the remarks "  very haunting and very disturbing . " This wave of criticism continued into the weekend . Would your gun fall under the '94 weapons ban ? New York 's tabloids , normally political polar opposites , offered the same take : The Daily News ' headline called LaPierre the "  Craziest Man on Earth , " while Rupert Murdoch 's New York Post ran with , "  Gun Nut ! NRA loon in bizarre rant over Newtown . " Rick Huffman , another CNN iReporter and a retired police officer , cut up his NRA membership card in the wake of the mass shooting , which he said changed his views on gun control . "  There 's got to be a limit to what they let citizens have at their disposal , " the Michigan resident said . Both sides , at least , appear to agree something needs to be done to prevent more mass shootings like what happened December 14 in the once quiet Connecticut town . President Barack Obama used his speech at a prayer service for the massacre 's victims to call for action and subsequently tapped Vice President Joe Biden to lead a group charged with coming up with solutions . Polls suggest that , after Newtown , the American public is increasingly open to measures such as a ban on assault weapons , which was in effect in the 1990s until it lapsed in 2004 . A CNN/ORC poll conducted after the shooting shows that a slight majority of Americans favor restrictions on guns . Conservative Democrats and some Republicans who have supported gun rights have said they are open to discussing gun control . In a speech last Sunday night , Obama insisted inaction was not an option , especially when it comes to protecting children . "  We ca n't tolerate this anymore , " the president said , alluding not only to Newtown but three other mass shootings over the past two years . "  These tragedies must end . And to end them , we must change . " Opinion : Do n't let this moment pass without acting on gun control	NEW : NRA 's LaPierre : If this idea is crazy , "  then call me crazy " NEW : Sen. Lieberman says NRA is willing to deal with every possible cause "  except guns " The gun control debate was reignited by the mass shooting at Connecticut elementary school Hutchinson tells CNN his panel will give educators instructions on placing guards in schools
It was my least favorite part of being pregnant , hands down : Family , friends , even strangers felt the need to pat , rub or touch my expanding belly without asking permission . I cracked up every time . What is it about a pregnant woman 's belly that makes the common sense rules of personal space fly out the window ? A bother ? Yes . A pet peeve ? Sure . But an illegal offense ? I am wondering if we 're taking things a bit far . In Pennsylvania , there were rumors that a person could be charged for doing what a good number of people did to me and do to countless other moms-to-be . A Cumberland County man reportedly faced possible harassment charges after touching the belly of a pregnant woman -- a woman he did not know , according to attorney Phil DiLucente , who is not directly connected with the case but is familiar with the reporting about it . ` Expecting Better ' pregnancy advice "  There was a woman who was pregnant and  a  man had touched her belly area , which women have to go through all the time , and she did n't permit him to do that , and then he repeated it , so she decided to file charges , " DiLucente said .  The Cumberland County district attorney has not returned our call . "  Any time you harass , annoy , alarm another and there 's touching involved without consent , someone can be charged with harassment , " the Pittsburgh-based attorney said . He added that all states have similar harassment laws on the books , although he knows of no other case where the the law was applied to unwanted pregnant belly touching . DiLucente said he was "  surprised " by the harassment charge , because what was previously considered acceptable behavior is no longer being tolerated , at least by one expecting mother . From Twitter to Facebook to e-mail , I found there was no shortage of opinion about whether it should be illegal to touch a woman 's pregnant belly without asking . Mothers on what you do n't expect when you 're expecting Jennifer Bosse , a mother of two and host of the blog Defining My Happy , said it 's a "  really tricky " question . "  Elderly grandmother that exclaims excitedly and touches your belly for the briefest of moments ? Maybe mildly annoying but not a crime . Scary woman or man that grabs at your belly and continues to jiggle you around long after the first no ? Crime , " Bosse wrote in an e-mail . Dani Mathes said on CNN 's Facebook page , "  Annoying ? Sure . Illegal ? Heck no . We ca n't have laws for everything . We already complain about having so many laws for minor crap . " "  If he does n't know her well , then he should not touch her , " said the person behind the handle @lizturn585859 on Twitter , adding that although it should n't be illegal , it 's still not a "  good idea . " Beth Engelman , who has an elementary-school-age son and co-founded the site Mommy on a Shoestring , thinks people who ask intrusive questions or tell a pregnant woman what to do "  are way worse " than people who pat pregnant women 's bellies . "  It 's not that I think it 's OK to go up and pat a pregnant woman 's belly , but I do n't think it 's harassment or should be illegal , " said Engelman , a single mom in Chicago . "  Having strangers pat your belly , predict what you are having , ask about names or give you unsolicited advice is part of the experience . " The new dad learning curve On the other side are readers like Jordan Elizabeth who believe unwanted rubbing of a pregnant woman 's belly should definitely be considered a crime . "  Would you think someone should be charged with harassment for wandering around rubbing the stomachs of non-pregnant people in public without their permission ? Because I am fairly certain someone would eventually call the police -- or more likely simply hit them , " she said on CNN Living 's Facebook page . "  I fail to see what about a woman being pregnant suddenly makes her body in any way the property of society . It 's inappropriate touching and that is harassment under most penal codes , " she added . Irene Issaias wrote on CNN 's Facebook page , "  Any unwanted physical contact is an assault and battery so yes it is and should be illegal if it is not consented to by the mother . " Carrie Courter , also on CNN 's Facebook page , said , "  If he had touched her breasts without her permission it would be a non story , as that is not allowed . Why is her belly any different ? " Said @MrNickCharles on Twitter , "  As a former law enforcement officer , I always assumed unwanted touching of another is assault . " The great pregnancy food chase While there may be a debate about whether unwanted pregnant belly rubbing should be against the law , there did n't seem to be any disagreement when it came to the act itself . Just stop doing it , folks , said many moms . Andrea Kristina said that when people would put their hands out to pat her pregnant belly on the grocery store line , she would take a step back . "  There is such a thing as ` personal space ' and you would n't just walk up and touch every round thing that strikes your fancy otherwise , so why do that to a pregnant woman , " Kristina posted on CNN Living 's Facebook page . "  It 's creepy and rude . " Laura Weinberg Kovall is a mom of one who runs Fit4Mom in New York , which offers fitness classes of all levels to moms . She said she never understood the urge to reach out and touch a pregnant woman 's belly . "  Would it be OK to randomly touch a nonpregnant woman 's belly ? Never , " Weinberg Kovall said . Diane Martin , also on CNN 's Facebook page , said she was touched without her permission during both of her pregnancies . "  I got mouthy and pushed hands away , " she said . "  Before I gave birth in July , I had my own personal bodyguard . My 4-year-old son told people to not touch my tummy . ` Only me , my daddy and the doctor can touch my mommy 's tummy ! ' " Sounds like a solution to me ! Have you experienced people touching your belly while you were pregnant ? How did you react ? Tell us in the comments ! Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook .	Reports say a man could have faced harassment charges after touching a woman 's belly CNN 's Kelly Wallace says she was frustrated as many touched her belly while she was pregnant Other mothers shared their stories of being the target of unwanted contact Some moms said it comes with the territory , but others said it 's harassment , plain and simple
CNN  -- The ` queen ' of Macau 's gambling empire is about to unveil a new palace . The foundations are already being laid for Macau 's new multi-billion dollar casino-resort , named -- aptly enough -- Wynn Palace . It will be the latest jewel in U.S. business magnate Steve Wynn 's glittering casino crown , after he originally built Las Vegas 's premier Bellagio , and The Mirage -- now owned by MGM Resorts International . And the person to launch it ? Forty-seven year old executive director Linda Chen . Often sighted as a likely successor to billionaire Wynn , Taiwanese-born Chief Operating Officer Chen oversaw the opening of luxury gaming , hotel , and retail complex Wynn Macau , in 2006 . And she 's not about to stop there . "  When we first came to Macau , the scene was more about gaming , " Chen told CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout . "  And the aspiration for Macau , the reason we wanted to be here , is taking it to the next level . "  In Vegas , it 's no longer just about gaming . It 's about the entertainment . It 's where you would consider the best shows in the world , the best shopping , and the best restaurants . It 's about the whole experience , and that 's what we wanted to do here . " In its first year Wynn Macau quadrupled its annual revenue from $ 1 billion to $ 4.5 billion , under Chen 's stewardship.One of Asia 's 50 most powerful businesswomen , according to Forbes , Chen has worked her socks off to become the second in command at Wynn . But could luck also have played a part in her success ? Chen apparently has the number 8888 -- considered lucky in Chinese culture -- for her phone , a present from her wealthy boss . Luck or no luck , gaming was not the direction Chen or her parents saw her career going , when she graduated from New York 's Cornell University in 1989 . "  It was the end of the world for them , " she says with a laugh . "  For Chinese parents coming from Taiwan , they never knew anybody else who worked in the casino industry . They never thought somebody would live outside the casinos in Las Vegas . So it took a while , but eventually they were supportive . " Stepping out of her private jet , Chen appears every inch the high-flying business superstar . But when asked about one day succeeding Wynn himself , she is a little reticent . "  Mr Wynn 's very young , he is not ready to retire soon , " Chen says with a smile . "  I hope he works for another 30 , 40 years -- and I 'll be alongside with him . " Inspire : First class style with Tory Burch Debate : Can successful women have it all ?	Meet Linda Chen , the ` queen ' of Macau casino empire Tipped as successor to business magnate Steve Wynn Chen to open new multi-billion dollar Wynn Palace Has lucky 8888 phone number , apparently present from boss
CNN  -- We were just there to help . That was the message Friday from Jim Allen , one of the 10 American missionaries arrested January 29 in Haiti on child kidnapping charges . Allen , along with seven others , was released this week without needing to post bail . Two members of the group -- including the group 's leader , Laura Silsby -- have remained in Haitian custody to answer questions about why they traveled to the country on an earlier trip . Silsby and Charisa Coulter were back in a Haitian courtroom Friday . Silsby said she hoped the legal process would be completed by the end of the day . Allen said he went to Haiti because he "  knew that I had some skills that I could use . " In an appearance on "  Oprah , " he said he has experience in the construction industry . Allen said he 's not angry with Haitian authorities . "  They were going through the legal process -LSB- and -RSB- ... I think they needed to , " he said . The 10 missionaries were charged with kidnapping and criminal association for trying to take 33 children out of Haiti after the magnitude-7 .0 earthquake that devastated the impoverished country January 12 . Allen said the group had been approached by a man at an orphanage who claimed to have a group of children with no parents or access to care . The man asked if "  we could please help , " he said . Allen claimed that the group intended to bring the children to a temporary orphanage set up at a hotel in the Dominican Republic . When his group returned to the United States , Allen said , another group of volunteers would have taken responsibility for providing care to the children . His arrest by Haitian authorities , he said , was "  quite a shock , " but he always remained confident that "  as soon as -LSB- our -RSB- story was told ... we 'd be coming home . " Being in jail was hard , he added , but the Haitian police "  treated us as well as they could with what they had . " The missionaries slept on a concrete floor while in jail but "  had a roof over our head " and a hot meal once a day , he said . When it rained , water would drip into his cell , but outside , "  millions " of people in the street "  were getting poured on , " he said . A large number of Haitians "  had it worse than I had it , " he said . Allen said he had no indication that there is any truth to the charge that Silsby was hoping to profit from the mission by looking for children she could later place with families for large fees . The missionaries were "  legitimately interested " in helping the children , he claimed . They had "  good intentions . " Allen dismissed as "  a complete fabrication " reports that eight members of the group signed a note saying they had been misled by Silsby . He said he has "  no ill feelings toward anybody " Phyllis Allison , Allen 's mother , recently said that her son 's captivity in Haiti had "  been awful , but we just trusted in God " that he would return home . Allen , along with the seven other released missionaries , arrived at Miami International Airport late Wednesday night on a U.S. Air Force C-130 cargo plane from the Haitian capital , Port-au-Prince . Lawyer Gary Lissade , who represents Allen , has said the fact that the judge released the Americans on their own recognizance may indicate that the charges will be eventually dropped . Allen , who lives in Amarillo , Texas , told Oprah Winfrey he had a very "  good night of sleep last night . "	10 American missionaries face child kidnapping charges in Haiti One of the eight who were released appeared on "  Oprah " Jim Allen says missionaries were only trying to help Haitians Police treated them as well as they could , he said
CNN  -- It does n't matter that they can be feverishly hot . Or that crowds make for long food lines or the tickets may be hard to come by . Bassist and vocalist Esperanza Spalding performed at this year 's New Orleans Jazz Fest . Music festivals worldwide attract thousands of fans wanting to hear their favorite artists live or discover under-the-radar musicians . Each major festival has its own special twist , specific to the event and city that hosts it . From the notorious mud baths at Glastonbury , England , to the breath-taking mountains surrounding Fuji Rock in Naeba , Japan , these are events that festival-goers wait for all year . Experience the New Orleans Jazz Fest " Our guide prepares music fans worldwide for the best festivals this summer and later in the year . GLASTONBURY , Somerset , England June 24-28  $ 255 Glastonbury has been around since dairy farmer Michael Eavis first held a free two-day festival on his farm in 1970 , and it 's long been the festival in England for seeing the biggest and best bands in the world . It also may be the muddiest -- heavy rain in several years , most notably 1997 , turned Glastonbury into a muddy bog . Everyone from Radiohead to Jay-Z has headlined the festival , and with more than 700 acts each year , there is something for everybody . Some of the proceeds from the festival go to Oxfam and Greenpeace . This year 's headliners include Franz Ferdinand , Blur , and Bruce Springsteen . ROCK AL PARQUE , Bogota , Colombia June 27-29  free The Rock al Parque festival , launched in 1995 , has become South America 's biggest rockfest in recent years -- some 320,000 people traveled to Simon Bolivar Park in 2006 for a weekend of Colombia 's top rock bands and renowned international headliners . Funded by Colombia 's culture secretary , the free festival has included some of rock 's biggest names , including Black Rebel Motorcycle Club , Manu Chao , and Bloc Party . In the days leading up to Rock al Parque , the festival organizers host a series of panel discussions on music production , management , and the recording industry . ROSKILDE , Denmark July 2-5  $ 220 Since 1971 , the rock festival in Roskilde has hosted the top names in music , from Bob Marley to Bob Dylan . It is the biggest summer festival in northern Europe , and the "  Arena " stage boasts a 17,000-capacity tent , the largest in Europe . The festival has a daily newspaper and a 24-hour live radio station and is also home to the annual "  Naked Run , " where the first naked person to cross the finish line receives a free ticket for next year 's festival . Some 80,000 will travel to Roskilde to see headliners including Coldplay , Oasis and Nine Inch Nails . EXIT , Novi Sad , Serbia July 9-12  $ 105 Created in 2000 by three university students as a protest against former Serbian president Slobodan Milosevic , the electro-focused festival in the heart of Serbia was named Europe 's best festival in 2007 by fans voting in the UK Festival Awards . Over 200,000 people attended Exit last year , dancing at all-night raves in the gorgeous surroundings of Petrovaradin Fortress , an 18th-century castle near the Danube River . Some of techno 's biggest names will be on hand to celebrate Exit 's 10-year anniversary , including Moby , Kraftwerk , and The Prodigy . THISDAY , Abuja/Lagos , Nigeria Dates tba The THISDAY festival in Nigeria -- launched in 2006 by the editor-in-chief of Thisday newspaper , Nduka Obaigbena , to celebrate the 200th anniversary of the end of slavery -- is the biggest music and fashion festival in Africa . According to Obaigbena , the festival is meant to highlight the positive progress being made in Africa , and find sustainable solutions for the continent 's problems . The theme of last year 's festival was "  Africa Rising , " and it showcased some of the world 's best-known artists including Jay-Z , Rihanna , and Usher . Stay tuned for this year 's lineup . FUJI ROCK , Naeba , Japan July 24-26  $ 410 Japan 's biggest outdoor festival takes its name from Mt. Fuji , the site of the first festival in 1997 . Fuji Rock has been set amongst the cool forested mountains of the Naeba ski resort for the past ten years -- gondolas and hilly trails transport people from stage to stage , and the streams and forests between them are the reason why Fuji Rock has been called the most beautiful festival in the world . It 's not just about the scenery , though -- over 100,000 people will trek through the mountains to see headliners Franz Ferdinand , The Killers , and Weezer . LOLLAPALOOZA , Chicago , Illinois , U.S.A. August 7-9  $ 190 Rocker Perry Farrell began Lollapalooza in 1991 as a farewell tour for his band , Jane 's Addiction . The biggest grunge rock festival during the '90s disappeared for awhile around the turn of the century , but it was revived in 2005 as a more traditional "  big weekend " destination festival in Chicago . The past few years at Grant Park have been marked by hot summers , huge crowds , and even bigger bands . The anticipated crowd of nearly 200,000 is staggering , as are this year 's headliners : Kings of Leon , Tool , Depeche Mode , and Beastie Boys , just to name a few . BESTIVAL , Isle of Wight , England September 11-13  $ 205 The trendy Bestival , the original boutique weekend festival on the Isle of Wight , is the best way to end the summer festival season in Europe . Bestival boasts a yearly fancy dress competition -- last year 's was "  30,000 freaks under the sea , " and 2009 is the year of "  Outer Space , " so make sure to dress accordingly . Thousands of Bestival-goers will witness an eclectic lineup including Lily Allen , Massive Attack , and MGMT in the picturesque surroundings of Robin Hill Park . For family fun , look no further than Camp Bestival , a three-day family festival at a castle by the sea in July . PARKLIFE , Australia Late September-Early October The Parklife series of one-day music festivals kicks off the summer festival season across Australia . The dance-focused fests have featured heavyweights Justice , MIA , and Muscles over the past two years . The day-long festivals are followed by an official "  After Life " party that runs until the early hours of the morning , so be prepared for a long one if you 're one of the estimated 100,000 people attending a Parklife gig in one of several cities across Australia at the end of September . WOODSTOCK , Johannesburg , South Africa November 27-30 When people think of Woodstock , South Africa is n't necessarily what comes to mind . But for the past decade , the festival has been the biggest youth music event in that country , hosting a variety of both well-known and upcoming mainstream and hip-hop acts -- not to mention a variety of extreme sports stunt acts , paintballing , and flea-market stalls . Woodstock may not have the star power of the legendary American festival -- but with the wide range of music and outdoor activities it presents , its promoters are n't lying when they say that boredom simply is n't an option . SUNBURN , Goa , India December Sunburn Festival launched in December 2007 as South Asia 's first electronic music festival , and featured heavyweights like Carl Cox and John 00 Fleming . Located seaside in Goa , on India 's west coast , the festival has its roots in "  Goa Trance , " a type of pulsing , transcendental electro music that became popular in the early 1990s . Sunburn again treated more than 5,000 electro revelers to a three-day party by the beach in December 2008 . The festival 's founder has said Sunburn will always be free to attend , and it is not to be missed if you happen to be in India in December .	CNN has put together a list of some of the best upcoming music festivals You can dress to kill at England 's Bestival 's fancy dress competition Enjoy the music , comedians and silent disco at Bonnaroo in Tennessee Dance all weekend in the shadows of a 300-year-old Serbian castle
CNN  -- Former basketball star Dennis Rodman arrived in Pyongyang Tuesday on a five-day visit amid speculation he may try to negotiate the release of jailed U.S. citizen Kenneth Bae , China 's Xinhua news agency reported . In Beijing , the gateway for flights to Pyongyang , Rodman told Reuters he was on another "  basketball diplomacy tour " and would not be discussing the release of Bae . "  I 'm not going to North Korea to discuss freeing Kenneth Bae , " Rodman told Reuters in a telephone interview before he left Beijing for Pyongyang . "  I 've come out here to see my friend  Kim  -- and I want to talk about basketball , " he added . Later pushing through a throng of journalists at Beijing airport , the 6 foot 7 inch  2.01 meter  former basketballer said : "  I 'm just trying to go over there to meet my friend Kim , the Marshal . Try to start a basketball league over there , something like that . " In May : Rodman asks Kim Jong Un to let U.S. citizen go However , he told the Huffington Post last week that he would likely broach the issue with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . "  I gave  Kim Jong-un  a great indication of when I 'm going to Beijing soon -- that 's just a hop , skip and a jump from North Korea . So basically , you know , I 'm pretty sure I 'll be talking to him soon , " Rodman told the Huffington Post . Rodman is North Korean leader 's ` friend for life ' "  I will definitely ask for Kenneth Bae 's release , " he said . "  I will say , ` Marshal , why is this guy held hostage ? ' I could try and soften it up in that way . " "  If the Marshal says , ` Dennis , you know , do you want me to let him loose ? ' and then if I actually got him loose -- and I 'm just saying this out the blue -- I 'd be the most powerful guy in the world . " Rodman 's trip -- which is being sponsored by Irish bookmaker Paddy Power -- is the second to the hardline Communist state this year . In March , Rodman was pictured with Kim , an ardent basketball fan , laughing and eating while watching an all-star basketball match . He was criticized over the trip which came at a time of escalating tension , with North Korea threatening missile strikes on the U.S. , South Korea and Japan . Rodman has previously made no secret about his desire to help Bae . He once tweeted that he wanted the 30-year-old unchallenged leader of North Korea to "  do him a solid " by freeing him . Bae was sentenced to 15 years hard labor in February after he was convicted of unspecified "  hostile acts " against North Korea . The country 's state-run Korean Central News Agency said the Korean-American was arrested late last year after arriving as a tourist in Rason City , a northeastern port near the Chinese border . North Korea last week canceled a "  humanitarian mission " by Robert King , U.S. special envoy on North Korean human rights issues to Pyongyang , aimed at negotiating the release of Bae , citing annual military drills last week by the U.S. and South Korea . In North Korea , Rodman fouls out	NEW : Former basketball star Dennis Rodman arrives Pyongyang , capital of North Korea The trip is the second by the celebrity-turned-envoy this year to visit Kim Jong Un He denies he will seek the release of U.S. captive Bae , but has previously said he will broach the issue Bae was sentenced to 15 years hard labor in February over unspecified "  hostile acts " against North Korea
CNN  -- He 's beaten the best sprinters the world has to offer -- but how would Usain Bolt fare against a Buenos Aires bus ? The six-time Olympic champion from Jamaica is never one to shirk a challenge , even if it means racing something 20 times his size . But while the bus -- crammed with passengers -- worked through the gears Bolt cruised to victory on 9th of July Avenue in Argentina 's capital . The stunt was part of a drive to encourage more kids to take up athletics with the 27-year-old also racing against a clutch of fellow sprinters overs 120m . Bolt told a press conference he hoped to be back in South America for the 2016 Rio Olympics to defend his 100m , 200m and 4x100m relay titles for the second time . "  One of my main goals is to go to the Rio Olympics , as I was saying , to do it again , " he told reporters . "  To defend my titles and it 's never been done three times so , for me , that 's me trying to set the bar as high as possible . To just push the barrier . " Bolt , who also holds the 100m and 200m world records , spoke of his first foray into running as part of the drive to boost participation in Argentina "  The first race I actually won was when I was 10-years-old , " he explained . "  My cricket coach bet me to run at my sportsday -- if won I would get a box lunch and I won . It was great . " Bolt 's defeats are few and far between but he revealed the occasional reverse helps to refocus him . "  Losing helps to learn how to motivate myself to learn how to win again , " he said . "  Winning is happiness for me . "	Usain Bolt races a Buenos Aires passenger bus in Argentina and wins The 80-meter race was part of a campaign to encourage kids to try athletics Bolt says his aim is to defend his three Olympic titles in Rio in 2016
Madrid  CNN  -- Teresa Romero Ramos sought out help three times . Finally , one week after first seeing a doctor , Romero found out why she felt so sick : She had Ebola . Even after her Ebola test came back positive at Madrid 's Alcorcon hospital , Romero had to wait . According to a worker at that hospital , Romero lay in the emergency room -- exposed to other patients as well as medical staff , going back and forth -- for eight hours before being transferred to a hospital in the Spanish capital that specializes in infectious diseases . While Romero was "  doing better " Wednesday , according to a regional health spokesman said Wednesday , parts of Spain 's medical establishment is looking worse and worse the more that comes out about what she 's gone through from how she contracted Ebola to how her case has been handled . Her plight can also be compared to that of Thomas Eric Duncan , the Liberian citizen who was sent home from a Dallas , Texas , hospital days before eventually being admitted for Ebola . Duncan , the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States , died on Wednesday . Speaking about what 's unfolding in Madrid , Health Minister Ana Mato told Parliament that Spain is going to revise its protocols for handling Ebola . Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy also said that his country is "  facing a matter that is of international concern . " But that does n't mean Spaniards should hunker down or become overly alarmed , urging them to "  keep calm . " "  I would like to ask you to allow the health workers to work , " he said . "  The Spanish health system is one of the best in the world . " 1st person to contract Ebola outside Africa The Ebola virus has been voracious , infecting more than 8,000 people and killing at least 3,800 , according to the World Health Organization . It 's also been largely confined , with every person catching the disease in West Africa . Deadliest Ebola outbreak : What you need to know Until Romero . She is the first person to contract the deadly virus outside Africa . Dr. German Ramirez , who is among those treating her , said the nurse 's assistant at Madrid 's Carlos III hospital may have been exposed while removing protective gear she 'd donned to treat a Spanish missionary infected with Ebola in West Africa . "  That 's what we were working on -- on the errors possibly made while removing the protective suit , " Ramirez told reporters , saying it 's possible the protective suit or gloves may have touched her face . Angry doctors and nurses outside Carlos III Hospital said Tuesday they were outraged that two missionaries -- Miguel Pajares and Manuel Garcia Viejo , were almost dead when they arrived -- had been brought to the hospital . Both priests ended up dying at the Madrid hospital . How did Spanish nurse catch Ebola ? That Romero may have gotten Ebola while doing her job is a major cause of concern , especially if she did -- as she told Spanish newspaper El Mundo -- follow the necessary protocols while caring for the missionary . So , too , is how her treatment was handled afterward .	A nurse 's assistant got infected while caring for an Ebola patient in Madrid Spokeswoman : This woman sought treatment twice , got sent home both times She was admitted to hospital a third time ; waited hours for transfer , worker says 5 are with her in a hospital ; dozens of others are being monitored for Ebola
CNN  -- Former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic intends to skip the start of his war crimes trial because he says he has had too little time to prepare , a spokeswoman for the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia said Thursday . Radovan Karadzic wrote to the court to say he would not attend the trial . The trial is still expected to begin on Monday despite Karadzic 's intended absence , which he announced in a letter to the court , the spokeswoman said . "  The tribunal judges control court proceedings . They are the only relevant body that can make a decision about the readiness of the case for trial , " she said . Karadzic , who is defending himself , faces genocide charges and nine other counts of war crimes and crimes against humanity against Bosnian Muslims , Bosnian Croats and other non-Serbian civilians during the brutal and bloody dissolution of Yugoslavia in the 1990s . The conflict introduced the phrase "  ethnic cleansing " into the lexicon describing war crimes , as different factions in multi-ethnic Yugoslavia sought to kill or drive out other groups . Karadzic was arrested last year after more than a decade on the run and was found to have been living in Belgrade , the capital of Serbia , and practicing alternative medicine in disguise . In a letter dated Wednesday and made public Thursday , Karadzic complains that he has not been given the relevant case material on time -- and he says the volume of material would have been too much to go through even if he had received it promptly . "  I ask Your Excellencies -- why and how is it possible that the prosecution is allowed to literally bury me under a million of pages , only to start disclosing relevant material many months after my arrest ? " he writes . "  Why and how is it possible that the prosecution is allowed to file its final indictment against me on the eve of the planned trial date ? " Karadzic says he should not be penalized for representing himself . "  No lawyer in this world could prepare defense within this period of time , " he writes . "  I hereby inform you that my defense is not ready for my trial that is supposed to begin as scheduled , on the 26th of October , and that therefore I shall not appear before you on that date . " He promised to continue his preparations in "  the most intensive way " and inform the court when he is ready . The genocide charges against him stem partly from the most notorious massacre of the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina , once a part of Yugoslavia . More than 7,000 Bosnian Muslim men and boys were killed at Srebrenica when ethnic Serb troops overran a U.N. "  safe area " in July 1995 . It was the worst European massacre since World War II . Prosecutors at the U.N. war crimes tribunal in The Hague accuse Karadzic of responsibility . "  On 8 March 1995 , Karadzic instructed Bosnian Serb forces under his command to create an unbearable situation of total insecurity with no hope of further survival for the inhabitants of Srebrenica , amongst other places , " the tribunal said in a statement this month . The Hague indictment also says Karadzic committed genocide when forces under his command killed non-Serbs during and after attacks in more than a dozen Bosnian municipalities in the early stages of the war . Karadzic , who faces life in prison if he is convicted , denies the charges . The court can not impose the death penalty . When he was arrested in July 2008 , Karadzic had grown a large white beard and let his famous steel-gray hair grow long and turn white . He had spent more than 13 years in hiding , during which he practiced alternative medicine at a Belgrade clinic . Karadzic 's arrest leaves his former military commander , Ratko Mladic , as the highest-ranking fugitive still being sought by the war crimes tribunal . Prosecutor Alan Tieger told the court in July that the case against Karadzic would take approximately 490 hours . That means prosecutors are likely to need more than a year to lay out their evidence , a court spokeswoman said . The 1992-95 Bosnian war was the longest of the wars spawned by the breakup of Yugoslavia in the early 1990s . Backed by the government of then-Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic , Bosnian Serb forces seized control of more than half the country and launched a campaign against the Muslim and Croat populations . Karadzic was removed from power in 1995 , when the Dayton Accords that ended the Bosnian war barred anyone accused of war crimes from holding office . Milosevic died in 2006 while on trial at The Hague .	Karadzic says he is skipping the start of his war crimes and genocide trial Former Bosnian Serb leader accused over atrocities during Balkans conflict Thousands died during the bloody dissolution of Yugoslavia in 1990s
Lewis Hamilton won his first grand prix since August 2010 in China to move into second place in the Formula One drivers ' championship , but reigning champion Sebastian Vettel still holds a 21-point lead over the Briton . Hamilton , a world champion in 2008 , crept above McLaren teammate Jenson Button onto 47 points , while Red Bull 's Vettel has 68 . Button is on 38 points in third position , one point ahead of Red Bull 's Mark Webber after the Australian claimed the final spot on the podium in Shanghai ahead of the Englishman . Ferrari 's slow start to the 2011 campaign continued with two-time world champion Fernando Alonso only able to manage a seventh-place finish to move onto 26 points after three races . Hamilton clinches Shanghai success Alonso 's Brazilian teammate Felipe Massa finished ahead of his colleague in the race , but remains behind the Spaniard for the season on 25 points . Nico Rosberg collected his first points of the season and registered Mercedes ' highest finish of 2011 with 10 points after coming home fifth . Formula One 2011 lowdown Red Bull moved retained the lead in the constructors ' standings , 20 points ahead of second-placed McLaren and 55 ahead of Ferrari in third . Drivers ' standings after third F1 race of season in China : 1 . Sebastian Vettel  Ger  Red Bull 68 points 2 . Lewis Hamilton  UK  McLaren 47 3 . Jenson Button  UK  McLaren 38 4 . Mark Webber  Aus  Red Bull 37 5 . Fernando Alonso  Spa  Ferrari 26 6 . Felipe Massa  Bra  Ferrari 24 7 . Vitaly Petrov  Rus  Renault 17 8 . Nick Heidfeld  Ger  Renault 15 9 . Nico Rosberg  Ger  Mercedes 10 10 . Kamui Kobayashi  Jpn  Sauber 7 Constructors ' standings : 1 . Red Bull 105 points 2 . McLaren 85 3 . Ferrari 50 4 . Renault 32 5 . Mercedes 16 6 . Sauber 7 7 = . Toro Rosso 4 7 = . Force India 4	Lewis Hamilton is up to second in the drivers ' championship after win in China Reigning champion Sebastian Vettel is 21 points ahead after finishing second Hamilton 's McLaren teammate Jenson Button is third ahead of Red Bull 's Mark Webber
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The U.S.-led war in Afghanistan marked its 10th year Friday having passed two major milestones : The Taliban has been forced out of power and Osama bin Laden is dead . But there was little observance by U.S. troops in Afghanistan , where a month earlier many participated in commemorations to mark the 10th anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . "  We really celebrated the 10th anniversary of 9/11 , and we were out here in Afghanistan , " Marine Corps Maj. Gen. John Toolan Jr. , commanding general of ISAF troops in southern Afghanistan , told reporters during a briefing on Thursday . "  I think that to us it was a far more significant date than 10 years of fighting in Afghanistan because , really , when you look at the 10 years , you 're looking at different levels of forces , different levels of attention given to Afghanistan . " The U.S.-led war in Afghanistan began October 7 , 2011 , with an air campaign that was followed within weeks by a ground invasion . President Barack Obama has called it "  the longest-running war in the nation 's history " . The aim was to oust the Taliban and dismantle al Qaeda 's leadership , though the leaders of both groups -- Mullah Omar and Osama bin Laden -- managed to escape capture . Bin Laden was killed in May during a raid by U.S. commandos on his hideout in Abbottabad , Pakistan . The whereabouts of Mullah Omar is unknown , and he has not been seen in public in years . As the United States turned its attention toward Iraq , insurgent violence in Afghanistan flared against Afghan civilians and security forces as well as the U.S. and its coalition partners . More than 2,700 troops from the United States and its partners have died during the 10 years of war , according to a CNN count . Of those , 1,780 were American , 382 were British and 157 were Canadian . Since the conflict began , the number of casualties has risen by the year , with a significant jump from 2008 to 2009 . At least 296 coalition troops died in 2008 . It nearly doubled in 2009 when 517 coalition troops were killed . That year , President Barack Obama authorized a surge of 33,000 U.S. forces to Afghanistan to combat the violence . Two years later , the United States outlined its plan to withdraw its troops from Afghanistan , beginning with pulling the 33,000 surge troops by the end of 2012 and the remaining 68,000 by the end of 2014 . The move was followed by withdrawal announcements by most of the NATO nations . On Thursday , defense ministers from the 49 nations that make up the International Security Assistance Force pledged their support to Afghanistan even as they make plans to withdraw troops by 2014 . "  Let there be no mistake : transition is not departure . We will not take our leave when the Afghans take the lead , " NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen told reporters Thursday in Brussels , Belgium . The ministers are scheduled to meet again in May in Chicago where Rasmussen said they will "  need to decide what more we will do . " While NATO has insisted that the transition of security for the country to Afghan forces is conditions-based rather than calendar-driven , the clock is ticking on the withdrawal deadline . The planned withdrawal has raised a number of questions about the stability of Afghanistan , which has been hit by a wave of high-profile attacks in recent months that have jeopardized the peace negotiations . Last month 's turban bomb assassination of former Afghan President Burhanuddin Rabbani , revered by many as a father of the Mujahideen movement that ousted the Soviets in the 1980s , appears to have dealt the biggest blow to the peace process . Rabbani was the chairman of President Hamid Karzai 's High Council for Peace , which has been trying for a year to foster dialogue with the Taliban -- a strategy that Karzai publicly abandoned following Rabbani 's killing . The war in Afghanistan , once viewed by a majority of Americans as a must , has become widely unpopular as concerns have shifted to the economy and job losses . In a new Pew Research Center report on war and sacrifice released this week , half of post-9 / 11 veterans said the Afghanistan war has been worth fighting . Only 44 % felt that way about Iraq , and one-third said both wars were worth the costs . Robert Messel is among those veterans who question the war . Messel , who was a freshman in college and a ROTC student on September 11 , 2001 , said he remembers thinking that the war in Afghanistan would be over before he joined the Army . But as the war continued , Messel said he began to have mixed feelings . "  I joined to defend the country , and I feel that a lot of the things we were doing were not exactly that , " he said in a CNN iReport . "  In my opinion , it basically should have been limited to what we initially were going in to do : Hunt down bin Laden and the architects of the attacks . " Messel said it is very difficult to look back objectively on the experience . "  You lost friends and made sacrifices . You do n't want to ever think that everything that happened was in vain , " he said . But Asmatullah Kohistani has a different perspective on the war , which he says gave his family back their home and their livelihoods . He was 13 when he and his family fled their home in Afghanistan 's Kapisa province amid a civil war that would see the Taliban take control of the country . Driven out by bombardments and fighting , his family crossed into Pakistan , making their home in Islamabad . Kohistani , 28 , said "  everything changed " after the Taliban were forced from power . Kohistani , who worked for a U.S. business for two years upon his return to Afghanistan , founded media startup Afghan123.com last year . "  E  veryone can have a job and go to school  now  , and I can have my business , " he said in a CNN iReport .	The U.S.-led war in Afghanistan began October 7 , 2001 , with an air campaign More than 2,700 NATO troops have died during the war , according to a CNN count Of those killed , 1,780 are American , 382 are British and 157 are Canadian , according to the count The U.S. and most NATO nations have announced plans to withdraw troops from Afghanistan by 2014
CNN  -- As the forklift trucks packed up the motorhomes and emptied the garages at Interlagos in Brazil , it did not take very long for the inevitable question to be asked - just how good a driver is Sebastian Vettel ? Sunday 's race confirmed Vettel as just the ninth driver in the sport 's 62-year history to win three world titles , joining greats Juan Manuel Fangio and Michael Schumacher as the only racers to triumph in three consecutive seasons . However , what is telling -- given Vettel is still only 25 -- was the somewhat circumspect response from three world champions and former McLaren race-winner John Watson when asked to assess the Red Bull driver 's talents and his place in history . "  It does n't really change how many races you have already won , getting close to the championship is a big pressure , " said Schumacher , the man Vettel describes as his childhood hero . "  Even if he appears to have a car that makes it possible for him , nevertheless he has to do it . He 's going for it 200 % and it 's a very tough job . "  He managed to pull it out and that is the extra effort that comes from him and to do this so consistently is very special . " Rearguard action This season Vettel had to hold his nerve much more than during his previous championship campaigns . In 2010 , he had nothing to lose as he hunted down Alonso , who had a 15-point advantage , going into Abu Dhabi 's finale . The following year he wrapped up a dominant season with four races to spare and finished 122 points clear of his nearest rival Jenson Button . This season , Vettel overcame a topsy-turvy start in which there were seven different winners in as many races . Twice his race unravelled with reliability issues and twice -- in Abu Dhabi and Brazil -- he had to hustle through the field from the back of the grid . The German only took the championship lead with four races to go and then had to fight a fierce rearguard action against Alonso . "  The interesting part is that this championship has been so hard-fought and it did n't really come together until the last races , " said 1978 champion Mario Andretti . "  This season has been one of the best in memory . Vettel is one of the rare talents that does n't come along very often . " Design genius Talking of rare talents , the 2012 season demonstrated that if you want to get ahead in F1 make sure you have a good engineer in your team . No wonder Alonso pointedly half-joked that he was not only fighting Vettel -- he was also fighting Red Bull car design guru Adrian Newey . When asked if he agreed with Alonso , Newey 's face broke into a slow , broad smile before he responded : "  No . What can I say ? " Crucially when Red Bull lost some ground at the start of 2012 because of a ban on exhaust-blown diffusers , Newey found a way to recover the car 's performance and get Vettel to the front of the pack . There is no doubt that over the last three years Vettel has had the benefit of a supreme machine capable of squeezing out consistent pace and cornering speeds on a variety of circuits . "  Everyone that -LSB- wins the championship -RSB- has n't done it alone , " added Andretti , who dominated his championship-winning season thanks to the legendary Lotus 79 ground effect car . "  You can have the best driver in the world but you need the car . When Schumacher and Fangio were winning they had superior equipment as well . Vettel is making the most of the best design in F1 . That 's what it takes . " Peerless car Three-time champion Niki Lauda certainly believes that when you 're racing in a field thick with five other world champions having the best car is a useful weapon . "  Vettel is the top guy , -LSB- Lewis -RSB- Hamilton is the top guy , Alonso is the top guy , Schumacher is a top guy too , " Lauda , who was champion in 1975 , 1977 and 1984 , told CNN . "  You need a car , and you need a driver . Vettel is for sure as good as Alonso is - but you need a better car . " What is open to debate is whether Red Bull 's peerless car obscures Vettel 's abilities behind the wheel or it hides his limitations . Some of Vettel 's F1 rivals are said to be of the opinion that he does not deserve all the accolades he receives given the car he drives . Newey 's response to that is : "  I certainly do n't underrate him -- if other people do that 's their problem . " And former McLaren GP winner John Watson argued : "  Vettel is a bright guy . Whatever the team provide him with he can capitalize upon . "  He understands what the car is designed to do and he can affect what it does on the circuit . For those reasons he is remarkable . " And anyway , Watson went on , Vettel is not the only three-time champion to benefit from superior equipment . "  Schumacher had five consecutive titles but that was in a period when Ferrari had influence on tyre development , " explained Watson . "  Essentially telling the tyre company ` we want you to make tyres to suit our car and we do n't give a sod about anybody else . ' " F1 's dark periods If Vettel 's achievements over the last three seasons have aligned him with Fangio and Schumacher as the sport 's only ` three-peat ' champions , is it possible to judge these champions and their abilities side-by-side ? "  You can not compare 30 years back , " reflected Lauda , who survived a near-fatal fiery crash at Germany 's Nurburgring in 1976 before going on to win two more titles . "  These are different times and different people . "  The danger involved is the opposite of today . -LSB- In the past -RSB- every year at least one got killed so you could work out when it was your turn . "  To drive on the limit and win races is the same challenge , but today F1 is much safer . " Watson agreed : "  Fangio is my hero . Why I respect him is that he won five world championships in an era when motor racing was fundamentally a slaughter . " When Schumacher won his first world title with Benetton in 1994 it was also one of F1 's darkest periods . The German won the San Marino Grand Prix in 1994 where both Simtek racer Roland Ratzenberger and three-time world champion Ayrton Senna lost their lives . It remains as the last race where F1 drivers were killed . Safety improvements over the last 20 years means today 's F1 drivers no longer roll the dice against their own mortality as frequently as the brave champions of the past . But Watson argues there is still an important lesson to be learned from Fangio , who raced to five championships in the 1950s . The Argentine won four of those titles with different teams -- Alfa Romeo , Ferrari , Mercedes and Maserati . His feat has yet to matched . "  My definition of greatness is not winning three consecutive times but it is winning in different teams , " said Watson . "  That is the judgement of a truly great driver . "  To move from team to team , to be able to build that team around you , to bring leadership and ability as Fangio did , that is why he is just the greatest all-time F1 driver . " As Christian Horner reeled off the names of other three-time world champions on Vettel 's slow-down lap in Sao Paulo , Vettel revealed the Red Bull team boss had forgotten to mention Alain Prost . The Frenchman stands alone in the record books as the sport 's only four-time champion . Vettel aims to join him next year -- then five-time winner Fangio and Schumacher 's magnificent seven are all that are ahead of him in his quest for total greatness .	Sebastian Vettel won his third consecutive Formula One title on Sunday at Interlagos in Brazil The 25-year-old becomes only third man to achieve the feat Red Bull driver now sits alongside legend Ayrton Senna on three title victories Three world champions and former McLaren race-winner John Watson assess Vettel 's greatness
CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr and photojournalist Peter Morris traveled to southern Afghanistan with Gen. James Conway , commandant of the Marine Corps . CNN 's Barbara Starr is on assignment in Afghanistan , where she says Marines are living in very tough terrain . HELMAND PROVINCE , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Our travels in Afghanistan continue . I feel like the title of this posting should be "  why I had to get power-washed in Afghanistan " or "  the body armor is only heavy until they start shooting at you . " OK , now I will explain . CNN photojournalist Peter Morris and I just wrapped up spending several days in southern Afghanistan with Gen. James Conway , commandant of the Marine Corps , touring the combat zone . The Marines are living in some of the toughest terrain there is . It is remote and often raining . That means dust turns to mud , and you find yourself covered in it from head to toe . Stinky , cold , wet , oozy mucky mud . The good news is , everybody stinks , so you lose any sense of self-consciousness about it . But you do dream of getting power-washed . So , yes , after a few days a shower was , shall we say , more than essential . For the Marines , however , it is a seven-month tour of duty in mud in the winter and dust in the summer . It seems very grim , especially when compounded by the fact that the Marines are wearing heavy body armor all the time . Ask them if it 's heavy to wear , the typical answer goes something like , "  It 's only heavy to wear until the bad guys start shooting at you . Then it 's OK . " The young Marines know exactly how tough the fight they are facing in the coming weeks and months will likely be . Several of them told me security had gotten considerably worse in recent days . Their bases were being repeatedly shelled by insurgents , several roadside bombs had gone off , and local Afghan police had died at the hands of suicide attacks . Senior commanders usually have a more cheery outlook , but here in southern Afghanistan , everyone is cautious . Almost everyone is a veteran of Iraq and learned the tough lesson there about not declaring victory too soon . Even Conway , who commanded U.S. forces in Fallujah , picks his words very carefully . He tells me he believes that everyone must be ready for a spike in U.S. casualties as the Marines begin to move into the region in greater numbers this spring . All of this was rattling around in my head when I saw the Marines riding around in what they call "  a 7-ton truck . " As the name suggests , it 's huge and has some armor plating on the sides . But what it does n't make clear is that the truck is open in the back and sides . The Marines insist it is a safe way to transport troops . For years now , the Army has used fully armored vehicles only in the combat zone . The Marines have a somewhat different view . They believe heavy armor is n't everything ; sometimes being able to get around on the battlefield faster is better . But then again , when someone starts shooting at you , I think you want all the armor you can get . Next stop , Iraq . Yeah , there is still a war there , too .	With all the mud in southern Afghanistan , everyone stinks , Barbara Starr says Marines also wear heavy body armor all the time , adding to the discomfort Armor is only heavy "  until the bad guys start shooting at you , " Marines say Marines often travel in "  7-ton truck " that 's open in the back and sides
CNN  -- Romania insisted Wednesday there was no evidence it had hosted secret CIA prisons as part of the United States ' "  global war on terror " after September 11 , 2001 . The country "  has no information whatsoever showing that there existed secret CIA detention centers on its territory , " the Foreign Ministry told CNN . Two investigations also failed to find any evidence that the CIA used Romanian airports for "  rendition , " the process in which detainees in American custody are transported for questioning to other countries where prohibitions on torture are not as strict and American laws do n't apply . The Romanian denial comes in response to a plea from the human rights commissioner for the Council of Europe that countries that have hosted secret CIA prisons come clean . Thomas Hammarberg said Romania , Poland and Lithuania were among at least seven countries that hosted "  black sites " for "  enhanced interrogation " during the "  war on terror . " "  Darkness still enshrouds those who authorized and ran the black sites on European territories , " he said . "  The full truth must now be established and guarantees given that such forms of co-operation will never be repeated . " CIA officials have acknowledged the rendition program , but refused to discuss details and denied violating any laws . Efforts to challenge the agency and get details about it in U.S. courts have been turned aside . Hammarberg said the CIA had held "  high-value detainees , " including alleged 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , in Poland between 2002 and 2003 . The Polish site closed and a new secret prison opened in Romania in 2003 , Hammarberg charged , and existed for more than two years . Lithuania also hosted two sites , he said . Polish prosecutors and Lithuanian lawmakers have investigated the phenomenon , but Romania has shown "  little genuine will to uncover the whole truth , " Hammarberg charged . "  Effective investigations are imperative and long overdue , " he said . Poland 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said it would not comment while prosecutors in the country are still investigating . Lithuania has not responded to CNN questions about the issue . Hammarberg 's statement comes as documents seized from Moammar Gadhafi 's compound in Libya shed light on the program of extraordinary rendition . CNN saw a March 6 , 2004 , CIA letter to Libyan officials about Abdel Hakim Belhaj , a former jihadist with the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group and now a senior commander in the anti-Gadhafi forces . It concerned the Malaysian government 's arrest of Abdullah al-Sadiq , Belhaj 's nom de guerre for his rendition . A CIA officer said the man and his pregnant wife were being placed on a commercial flight from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , to London via Bangkok and then on to Libya . "  We are planning to arrange to take control of the pair in Bangkok and place them on our aircraft for a flight to your country , " the officer wrote . Belhaj fought for the Taliban in Afghanistan , but left after their fall in 2001 and was arrested in Malaysia in 2004 . After some questioning by the CIA , he was sent back to Libya and jailed . The Council of Europe is a 47-member group that promotes democracy and human rights on the continent . CNN 's Jo Shelley contributed to this report .	Romania rejects accusations by the Council of Europe that it hosted jails for "  enhanced interrogation " Human Rights Commission 's Thomas Hammarberg says "  the full truth " must be established CIA officials have acknowledged the extraordinary rendition program but refuse to disclose details Records emerging from Moammar Gadhafi 's regime in Libya contain potential revelations
LILONGWE , Malawi  CNN  -- Like most African countries , Malawi has suffered from a severe shortage of nurses and key health workers . Godfrey Mdzudzuma , a nurse at Embangweni Mission Hospital , delivers a baby in the maternity ward . In the past , workers in the tiny southeast African nation of just 13 million inhabitants have been lured abroad by the promise of higher wages and better working conditions . But , the country best-known as the homeland of Madonna 's adopted children now has another claim to fame : It has succeeding in halting -- at least for now -- its crippling brain drain of nurses . Malawi 's solution ? To expand educational opportunities for nurses at all levels and keep them out of poverty by paying modestly more money . Countries do n't come much poorer than Malawi , but its healthcare system worked well back in the 1970s and early 1980s . When the former British colony gained independence in 1964 , president Hastings Banda , himself a physician , maintained a high level of training for nurses that included teaching all classes in English . By the late 1990s , however , Malawi was reeling from the AIDS epidemic . As if that were n't bad enough , the government also had to cut spending on health care and education as a condition for getting help from the U.S. and other countries to liberalize its trade and economy . The publicly funded health system , on which more than 95 percent of Malawians still depend for treatment , quickly started to fall apart . Watch a report about the impact of Malawi 's nursing shortage " Registered nurses began leaving in droves . "  Every day I received reports from Nurses ' Council that so many nurses are now at the airport , " Ann Phoya , the former head of nursing services for all Malawi told CNN . "  It was obvious that we needed to do something drastic . " Phoya worked with others in Malawi 's Ministry of Health  MOH  to come up with an emergency plan that focused on nurses as they provided most of the primary care . The MOH then applied for around $ 160 million  # 100 million  in international funding for their six-year initiative , primarily from the Department for International Development of the United Kingdom . The money was to be used to pay higher salaries to nurses -- quite a radical move in global development as donors worry it is unsustainable in the long haul . However , the situation in Malawi was getting desperate . The gamble paid off : The number of registered nurses leaving Malawi fell from a high of 111  the equivalent of two years of Malawi 's entire nursing graduates  in 2001 to just six in the first half of 2008 . Enrollment at Malawi 's nursing schools jumped up by 50 percent . Success in one area has revealed a different problem -- that of an internal brain drain . As more international aid groups and universities set up health programs in Malawi , they are hiring nurses , all trained at Malawi taxpayer expense , away from publicly funded hospitals and clinics . The problem is even more acute in the rural areas , where most of Malawi 's people live . Embangweni Mission Hospital in northern Malawi has a good reputation but is located at the end of a long , dusty road , far from major towns , let alone cities . "  Young nurses with families do not really want to work here , " said Catherine Mzembe , head of nursing at Embangweni . "  The local market is very small and although the hospital has running water , that is not the case in many homes . " Even so , the hospital has made impressive strides in the past five years preserving mothers ' lives during pregnancy , as well as cutting the number of deaths due to malaria among children and adults . And that is perhaps the most important lesson to draw from Malawi 's efforts : it pays to look at how much has been accomplished with so little .	Malawi 's innovative national program lifts nurses out of poverty Since 2001 the external brain drain has slowed to a trickle Many challenges still remain as the public health service is depleted
CNN  -- U.S. anti-terrorism officials are pushing to get more air marshals on American jetliners and beef up efforts to screen visa applicants overseas after some stinging criticism from President Obama . Internal notices issued Tuesday and Wednesday by the Department of Homeland Security ask employees to step up to train as air marshals and to serve at U.S. diplomatic posts abroad . Both moves follow Obama 's call for immediate reforms to prevent the kind of "  potentially disastrous " failure involved in the unsuccessful attempt to bomb a U.S. jetliner on Christmas Day . In particular , agents from the Immigration and Customs Enforcement division are being sought out for air marshal posts , since they already receive some of the necessary training in their regular jobs . In 2008 , CNN reported that fewer than 1 percent of the average of 28,000 daily commercial flights carried air marshals . Nor was an air marshal aboard Northwest 253 on its Christmas Day flight from Amsterdam , Netherlands , to Detroit , Michigan And DHS employees are being asked to volunteer for assignments at U.S. diplomatic missions to help State Department officials review applications for visas . The assignments , "  some of which are located in high-threat areas , " would last at least 30 days , the notice states . ICE agents already are posted in a dozen countries to weed out applications from potential terrorists or criminals , but the new notice seeks people to conduct in-depth background checks and write intelligence reports . Federal officials told CNN they would back up State Department officials who lack law-enforcement experience to look for security threats . After meeting with his homeland security and counterterrorism team Tuesday , Obama told reporters that the government "  has to do better " to stop attacks like the December 25 attempt to blow up Northwest Airlines Flight 253 . The suspect in that attack , 23-year-old Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , was indicted Wednesday on six criminal counts , including attempting to blow up an airplane and attempting to murder the other 289 people aboard . An unclassified version of the administration 's preliminary report on the plot will be released Thursday , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said . But privately , Obama told his national security team that the incident represented "  a screw-up that could have been disastrous , " according to a senior administration official who spoke on condition of anonymity .	Homeland Security asks employees to step up to train as air marshals They also need people to serve at U.S. diplomatic posts abroad screening visas Agents from Immigration and Customs Enforcement division particularly sought In 2008 , fewer than 1 percent of daily commercial flights carried air marshals
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A business management expert testified Monday as lawyers try to prove Michael Jackson 's last concert promoter is liable in the singer 's death . Human resources consultant Jean Seawright 's analysis of AEG Live 's hiring practices may lack the drama of last week 's testimony by Jackson 's oldest son , but it could be crucial for proving that the company negligently hired , retained or supervised Dr. Conrad Murray . The trial of the lawsuit filed by Jackson 's mother and three children began its tenth week with their lawyers nearing the end of their case . AEG Live lawyers are expected to start presenting their defense around July 15 . AEG Live contends that Michael Jackson , not its executives , chose and controlled Murray , who is serving a prison sentence for an involuntary manslaughter conviction . If the jury decides that AEG Live executives have responsibility for Jackson 's death from an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol , they will then have to decide how much he might have earned in the years he did n't get to live . Nephew : Jackson was murdered Prince and Blanket dancing Jurors would have learned a lot about Michael Jackson 's work and worth if they had traveled with the Jackson family to Las Vegas over the weekend for the premiere of Cirque du Soleil 's "  Michael Jackson One " show . Prince , 16 , and Blanket , 11 , sang and danced while watching the Cirque celebration of their father 's music and life in a Mandalay Bay Casino theater . Paris , 15 , was unable to attend because she is still hospitalized since last month 's suicide attempt . The children never saw their father perform live , one of his motivations for attempting his comeback concerts , but thanks to technology Jackson appeared to be back on stage for a ghostly performance of "  Man in the Mirror . " Prince 's appearance at the opening of the permanent show , which is different from Cirque 's traveling "  Immortal " show , came three days after he appeared in court to tell jurors about his father 's life and last days . His father often cried after talking to AEG Live executives as he prepared for his comeback concerts , his oldest son testified Wednesday . "  After he got off the phone , he would cry , " Prince Jackson testified . "  He would say ` They 're going to kill me , they 're going to kill me . ' " His father told him he was talking about AEG Live CEO Randy Phillips and his ex-manager , Dr. Tohme Tohme , Prince said . Negligent hiring ? Seawright , who has worked as a human resources consultant for businesses for nearly 25 years was paid $ 300 an hour by Jackson lawyers to review documents and testimony on the wrongful death case . After about 100 hours , she said she reached an opinion about if AEG Live 's hiring of Dr. Murray was negligent . "  They did indeed fail to follow adequate hiring practices , " she testified Monday . Serving as a personal doctor for Michael Jackson was "  a very high risk position " that warranted a background check to determine if Murray was fit for the job , competent to do the work and did not have a conflict of interest , Seawright testified . Jackson lawyers contend that Murray 's deep debt , which included $ 1 million in foreclosures and judgments , made him conflicted since he could lose his $ 150,000 a month job if Jackson did n't make to rehearsals and perform his concerts . A simple credit check -- taking five minutes and costing less than $ 10 -- would have revealed the conflict of interest , she said . Credit checks are routine for many companies hiring for high-risk positions , she said . A key piece of evidence used by the Jackson lawyers is an e-mail sent by AEG Live CE Randy Phillips to "  This Is It " show director Kenny Ortega on June 20 , 2009 -- five days before Michael Jackson died from an overdose of propofol administered by Murray . "  This doctor is extremely successful  we check everyone out  and does not need this gig so he is totally unbiased and ethical , " Philips wrote in an effort to assure Ortega Jackson was in good hands with Dr. Murray . Seawright testified that she found no evidence the company did anything to check out Dr Murray for fitness , competence or any conflict of interest that might lead him to provide unsafe treatments . AEG Live argues that it never hired Murray , but simply negotiated with him on Jackson 's behalf . Seawrght said companies have the same obligation in hiring , whether for a regular employee or and independent contractor . Jury tampering ? Jurors can expect to be watched more closely by court bailiffs after an incident near the end of Friday 's session . Two alternate jurors told the judge that a woman approached them during a court break . "  She mention ` Please do n't give anyone any money , ' " alternate juror No. 1 said . Alternate juror No. 5 quoted the woman , saying "  I just wanted to say not to award them any money . " While the woman apparently was opposed to the Jackson 's lawsuit seeking billions of dollars in damages , AEG Live lawyer Marvin Putnam used the incident to suggest that the judge should crack down on Michael Jackson fans who wear Jackson shirts and carry signs of support for Katherine Jackson in the court hallway . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Yvette Palazuelos rejected Putnam 's request , saying Jackson fans have free speech rights that she can not limit . Both alternate jurors said the incident would not affect their ability to make an impartial decision in the case .	NEW : AEG Live did "  fail to follow adequate hiring practices , " expert says Prince and Blanket attend Cirque du Soleil 's "  Michael Jackson One " premiere in Las Vegas Two jurors tell judge a woman approached them during a court break Friday "  She mentioned ` Please do n't give anyone any money , ' " one juror says
BENTON HARBOR , Michigan  CNN  -- Former President George W. Bush on Thursday repeated Dick Cheney 's assertion that the administration 's enhanced interrogation program , which included controversial techniques such as waterboarding , was legal and garnered valuable information that prevented terrorist attacks . Former President George W. Bush defended his administration in speech Thursday in Michigan . Bush told a southwestern Michigan audience of nearly 2,500 -- the largest he has addressed in the United States since leaving the White House in January -- that , after the September 11 attacks , "  I vowed to take whatever steps that were necessary to protect you . " In his speech , Bush did not specifically refer to the high-profile debate over President Obama 's decision to halt the use of harsh interrogation techniques . Bush also did n't mention Cheney , his former vice president , by name . Instead , he described how he proceeded after the capture of terrorism suspect Khalid Sheikh Mohammed in March 2003 . "  The first thing you do is ask what 's legal ? " Bush said . "  What do the lawyers say is possible ? I made the decision , within the law , to get information so I can say to myself , ` I 've done what it takes to do my duty to protect the American people . ' I can tell you that the information we got saved lives . " Bush avoided the sharp tone favored by Cheney in recent weeks and stressed he does not want to disparage Obama . "  Nothing I am saying is meant to criticize my successor , " Bush said . "  There are plenty of people who have weighed in . Trust me , having seen it first-hand . I did n't like it when a former president criticized me , so therefore I am not going to criticize my successor . I wish him all the best . " The former president was speaking to the Economic Club of Southwestern Michigan . In a change in format , he agreed to answer questions directly from the audience instead of responding to pre-submitted questions provided to a moderator . He repeated his disclaimer about not passing judgment on Obama later when asked about North Korea 's nuclear test . Before answering , the 43rd president said he is "  in no way trying to shape my successor 's decisions or criticize them . " "  I know there are news people here , and they love conflict , " he said . Bush then went on to say that diplomacy is impossible without leverage . "  A lot of times people want to give out the carrots , " he said . "  My attitude is , you give out the carrots when the behavior changes . " After his opening remarks , Bush engaged in a nearly hour-long back-and-forth with audience members that touched on nearly all aspects of his presidency , from the September 11 attacks to his ban on embryonic stem cell research , to his consultations with advisers as the economic crisis hit last year . He strongly defended his Troubled Asset Relief Program in response to the economic crisis at the end of his presidency , calling it crucial to preventing capital markets from freezing up , which he said would have led to another Great Depression . However , he said he remains "  a free-market guy . " Asked what he thinks about conservative pundits who say the Obama administration 's fiscal policies are opening the door to socialism , Bush said : "  I think the verdict is out . I think people are waiting to see what all this means . " The former president received a noisy standing ovation when answering a question about what he wants his legacy to be . "  Well , I hope it is this : The man showed up with a set of principles , and he was unwilling to compromise his soul for the sake of popularity , " he said . He also revealed the topic of the first chapter in his forthcoming book , which he said will be about "  the stories of my administration , as I saw them . " That first chapter , he said , will answer the question : "  Why did I run for president ? "	George W. Bush delivers first major domestic speech since leaving White House He says interrogations such as waterboarding prevented attacks , saved lives Former president : "  I made the decision , within the law , to get information " Bush also defends TARP , says he wo n't criticize President Obama
As President Obama battles slumping poll numbers and multiple world crises , twice in the past few days he has laid part of the blame for an anxious public at the feet of the media . While he 's not the first president to fault some of his problems on journalists , he has added a new twist to the argument . Monday at a Labor Day event in Milwaukee the President touted some of the positive economic news the nation has seen adding : "  So , look , I 'm saying all this just because sometimes , you know , if you 're watching TV , it 's just kind of a whole downer . Now , we 've got struggles . We 've got work to do . But there are a lot of reasons to be optimistic about America . " On Friday he also discussed why the public feels so anxious about the economy despite recovery from the great recession and declining unemployment numbers . He told a Democratic National Committee fundraiser in Purchase , New York , some of those reasons for the uneasiness include those still unable to find a job and slower growth in wages and incomes . But then he turned to the media and its impact . "  Second reason people are feeling anxious is that if you watch the nightly news , it feels like the world is falling apart . " Obama acknowledged , "  We are living through some extraordinarily challenging times . A lot of it has to do with changes that are taking place in the Middle East in which an old order that had been in place for 50 years , 60 years , 100 years was unsustainable , and was going to break up at some point . " But at the same time he blamed the explosion of social media for accentuating this concern . "  The truth of the matter is , is that the world has always been messy . In part , we 're just noticing now because of social media and our capacity to see in intimate detail the hardships that people are going through . The good news is that American leadership has never been more necessary , and there 's really no competition out there for the ideas and the values that can create the sort of order that we need in this world . " These are not the first times the President has played media critic . In 2012 while discussing descriptions of his image as aloof , he told Time magazine , "  My suspicion is that this whole critique has to do with the fact that I do n't go to a lot of Washington parties and , as a consequence , the Washington press corps maybe just does n't feel like I 'm in the mix enough with them , and they figure , well , if I 'm not spending time with them , I must be cold and aloof . " Also in 2012 during a commencement speech at Barnard College he told the students : "  No wonder that faith in our institutions has never been lower , particularly when good news does n't get the same kind of ratings as bad news anymore . Every day you receive a steady stream of sensationalism and scandal and stories with a message that suggest change is n't possible ; that you ca n't make a difference ; that you wo n't be able to close that gap between life as it is and life as you want it to be . " And in 2013 he said in an interview with the New Republic that "  one of the biggest factors is going to be how the media shapes debates " while talking about whether some Republicans would work with the White House .	President Obama said Monday , "  if you 're watching TV , it 's just kind of a whole downer " "  If you watch the nightly news , it feels like the world is falling apart , " he said Friday . This is n't the first time Obama has been a media critics "  Good news does n't get the same kind of ratings as bad news anymore , " he said in 2012
CNN  -- Superstorm Sandy inflicted havoc and heartache throughout the Northeast , hitting the Big Apple and its surrounding coastal towns hard . We have seen this kind of destruction before : I had an up-close-and personal view when Hurricane Katrina ravaged New Orleans and the Gulf Coast . On August 31 , 2005 , I was designated commander of Joint Task Force Katrina , responsible for coordinating military relief efforts for damaged areas across the Gulf Coast . My arrival in New Orleans came after what was widely believed to be a poor performance by the Federal Emergency Management Agency and its director Michael D. Brown . We learned a lot about what really works in our Katrina recovery efforts -- but New York and New Jersey seem to be ignoring those lessons . First , I would like to praise the search and rescue operations in New York and New Jersey . But they could be doing much better now that they 've entered the difficult part , the recovery operation . Where is the command center ? Who is in charge ? Where is the National Guard ? During the aftermath of Katrina , National Guard troops were positioned on every block to establish a sense of safety and source of help for the people in need . They did not leave communities till people were safe and sound . This has not happened in New York or New Jersey . Opinion : Rebuilding after Sandy is too big a risk The National Guard has served America as both a wartime force and the first military responders in times of domestic crisis . Hundreds of times each year , the nation 's governors call upon their Guard troops to respond to fires , floods , hurricanes and other natural disasters . Why did New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo only call in half the New York Guard , especially when relief is still not reaching the severely affected communities ? The numbers speak for themselves . During the Hurricane Katrina disaster , about 20,000 federal troops were mobilized ; 20 ships , including a hospital ship , about 50,000 National Guard members and 200 helicopters assisted in the relief efforts . So far , in Sandy relief efforts , about 11,000 National Guard troops were deployed , and only two ships have assisted -- this as people still suffer . Map : See images of destruction , recovery across the East Coast Instead of Doctors Without Borders providing health care to about 300 people in Queens , Brooklyn , Staten Island and Hoboken , New Jersey , why was n't the hospital ship USNS Comfort deployed like it was in Katrina , when it cared for needy people all along the Gulf Coast ? Opinion : What 's next after the superstorm ? People need food and medical attention . People are still without power , people are still homeless and hungry . Following a logistics model to help those hardest hit is a necessity . New York and New Jersey need to establish what is called an "  enabler " model for recovery , which we developed during Katrina . In this approach , you go in with Guard troops and you distribute food , water and medicine , but you also pick up trash , clean out sewer pipes , clean up hospitals , hook up generators , all in order to enable people to live in their communities . Troops should stay in communities until residents get everything they need to live in their homes , or till they can be evacuated . New York City went in with food and rescue teams -- but in many cases , community volunteers were left to take up the slack . News : FEMA 's answers for NY storm victims -- put them back in their homes Some FEMA officials complain that they must drive hours every day to get to the storm victims because New York has not provided them with any living accommodations . What 's needed urgently are more disaster recovery offices in every community , where FEMA representatives can stay . People can easily apply for assistance , food stamps , grants for rebuilding or get food and water . This is especially urgent in New York , as poorer communities are at their most vulnerable now , with cold weather coming on and infrastructure still damaged . Hurricane Sandy was one of the most vicious storm systems to hit the New York City area in nearly two centuries . The city seems to be treating the storm more like an inconvenience than a disaster . Katrina offered great lessons for successful recovery operations -- why did n't New York City pay attention ? The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Lt. Gen. Russel Honor .	Lt. Gen. Russel Honor asks why New York has ignored all the lessons learned from Katrina Honor : Sandy recovery has no command center , nobody in charge and no troop presence After Katrina , National Guard was out in force and hospital ship was available , he says FEMA workers complain they have difficulty reaching Sandy storm victims , he says
LEONE , American Samoa  CNN  -- Another earthquake struck Wednesday near the Samoan islands , an area already devastated by earthquake and tsunami damage which killed more than 130 people . A traditional Samoan fale is destroyed Wednesday in the devastated village of Leone . The 5.5-magnitude earthquake occurred at 6:13 p.m. Wednesday evening  1:13 a.m. Thursday ET  , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The quake 's epicenter was 10 km  6 miles  deep in the Pacific Ocean about 121 miles  194 km  from the city of Apia , Samoa . The quake did not trigger a tsunami warning , according to the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center . It followed an 8.0-magnitude earthquake which hit the small cluster of Samoan islands early Tuesday triggering a tsunami . At least 139 people are confirmed dead as a consequence of Tuesday 's quake and tsunami . They include 22 people killed in American Samoa , 110 in Samoa and seven in Tonga , according to officials on the islands . A huge emergency effort was continuing late Wednesday in the Samoan islands and officials warned that the death toll could rise as rescue workers start to reach outlying villages and discover new casualties . Watch the tsunami take over the street " Survivors like Ropati Opa were trying to find ways to cope . The massive waves had destroyed his home , store and gas station in the village of Leone on the southwest coast of American Samoa . With tears in his eyes , he said "  I do n't have a house . I do n't have a car . I do n't have money . I lost everything yesterday . But thank God I am alive . " iReport.com : Witness describes tsunami hitting land U.S. President Barack Obama addressed the disaster at an event Wednesday in Washington . "  To aid in the response , " he said , "  I 've declared this a major disaster to speed the deployment of resources and FEMA ... is working closely with emergency responders on the ground , and the Coast Guard is working to provide immediate help to those in need . "  We also stand ready to help our friends in neighboring Samoa and throughout the region , and we 'll continue to monitor this situation closely as we keep the many people who have been touched by this tragedy in our thoughts and in our prayers , " Obama said . Journalist Jeff DePonte contributed to this report .	Latest death toll from Tuesday 's quake , tsunami stands at 139 Second quake -- magnitude 5.5 -- shook Samoan islands region Wednesday Quake does not trigger a tsunami warning , Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says Huge rescue effort under way in Samoan islands amid fears death toll could rise
CNN  -- Big parts are coming off a former U.S. Navy minesweeper that became stuck on a Philippine reef in January . Salvage crews have removed the funnel , or smokestack , and mast from the former USS Guardian , the Philippine coast guard reports . The agency posted a series of photos on its website showing large parts of the minesweeper being lifted by a crane and transferred to a barge . Once the top decks of the ship is cleared and heavy machinery is removed from the inside , the 224-foot-long , fiberglass-and-wood hull of the Guardian is expected to be cut into three parts before it is lifted from the reef . Salvage efforts are expected to continue through most of March , the U.S. Navy said , but adverse weather could increase the time needed . Meanwhile , the U.S. Navy said that the Guardian was decommissioned and stricken from the naval registry on February 15 . Another minesweeper , the USS Warrior , is being moved to the Pacific to replace the Guardian , the Navy said . That vessel , currently in Bahrain , will be ferried by a heavy transport ship to the U.S. naval base in Sasebo , Japan , where the Guardian 's crew will take over its operation , according to a Navy statement . The Guardian grounded on Tubbataha Reef , a UNESCO World Heritage site , on January 17 . An investigation of the grounding is ongoing . Navy officials said in January that the U.S. National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency , which prepares the digital navigation charts used by the Navy , has reported the location of the reef was misplaced on a chart by nine miles . The Guardian is estimated to have damaged about 4,000 square meters  about 43,000 square feet  of the reef . The Navy has pledged to clean up the debris created when waves stripped off pieces of fiberglass covering the wooden hull of the ship and to try to restore the reef as much as possible . Philippine officials said last month that the country would seek compensation for reef damage . Harry K. Thomas Jr. , the U.S. ambassador to the Philippines , has assured the Filipinos that the United States "  will provide appropriate compensation for damage to the reef caused by the ship . " The reef is home to a vast array of sea , air and land creatures as well as sizable lagoons and two coral islands . About 500 species of fish and 350 species of coral can be found there , as can whales , dolphins , sharks , turtles and breeding seabirds , according to UNESCO .	Funnel , mast of minesweeper removed U.S. Navy sending ship from Bahrain to replace USS Guardian Ship ran aground on Philippine reef in January
CNN  -- An oil spill that prompted evacuations from one of Thailand 's most popular tourist spots threatens the country 's tourism and fishing industries , Thailand 's deputy prime minister has warned , amid concerns about the long-term effects of the leak . Deputy Prime Minister Plodprasop Suraswadi said his country was ill-equipped to properly contain the leak , and authorities should seek assistance from neighboring countries such as Singapore , if necessary . He made the comments Tuesday during a trip to Mozambique , according to Thai government spokesman Teerat Ratanasevi 's Twitter page . PTT Global Chemical , Thailand 's largest petrochemical producer , admitted a leak had occurred after the waters at Ao Phrao  Phrao Bay  on the popular tourist island of Koh Samet were blackened with oil on Sunday , prompting evacuations of tourists . The company admitted that an estimated 50,000 liters of crude oil had leaked from an offshore pipeline around the area of Rayong 's Map Ta Phut deep sea port Saturday . The company 's president , Bowon Vongsinudom , told CNN Tuesday that he did not know how the leak had occurred . "  That needs a lot of investigation , " he said . "  It should not happen at all ... anyhow , it already happened therefore we need a lot of investigation by experts . " He said the clean-up , which also involved the efforts of the Royal Thai Navy and volunteers , was progressing well . "  We can see developments which is much better . We can see now the white water . " But Greenpeace has said the clean-up efforts are just beginning , and the long-term impacts of the oil were yet to be appreciated . Vongsinudom 's account was "  not the complete picture , " said Greenpeace Thailand 's program manager Ply Pirom . "  We want to know the real impact of the oil leak , and a comprehensive investigation of the environmental impact is needed . " The clean-up effort had relied heavily on spraying the oil with dispersant , which made it sink below the water -- out of sight , but potentially harming marine life . "  It 's now under the sea , which will create a long term impact . " One Thai academic believes the leak could up to twice the size of that admitted by PTT Global Chemical . Somporn Chuai-Aree , a professor of mathematics and computer science at Songklanakarin University , estimated the true size of the leak "  could be from 75,000 liters up to 100,000 liters . " "  We have to try to get a good estimate of the size of the leak , because it will affect the scale and preparation of the work the company needs to do to get the clean-up done , " he said .	Oil leak threatens tourism and fishing industries , says Thai Deputy PM Company responsible says does not know how leak occurred Greenpeace fears dispersed oil sunk beneath water surface will have ongoing impact One academic believes leak could be twice size admitted to by company
CNN  -- With Walter White dead , fans everywhere are mourning , celebrating , tallying up bets and discussing what just happened . Was the series finale of "  Breaking Bad " satisfying ? Did it tie up all loose ends ? Did the character you wanted to live survive and did the ones you wanted to die get their just deserts ? Is it sending you back to the beginning to binge watch it all over again ? Just when it seemed Walt was heading out of his New Hampshire hideaway to exact revenge on Elliot and Gretchen Schwartz  for dismissing his involvement with Gray Matter Technologies in the episode previous  , he pulled the first of several surprises of the evening . Instead of threatening to kill them outright , he asks them to set up a trust fund so that his children would benefit from the money he 'd illegally amassed  presumably the goal of his entire meth enterprise to begin with  . Gretchen and Elliott of course are terrified by his sudden appearance in their ritzy new home , but had they been paying attention , they would have seen Walt waltz on in . His entrance is a bit ironic , considering their wealth and legitimacy is in some way a result of his earlier contributions . He 's always been there , in the shadows , whether they acknowledged him or not . Bryan Cranston , man of the moment Walt wants them to "  make it right , " but of course , he knows he ca n't trust them to take care of his kids on a handshake alone , so he brought backup -- two "  hitmen " who shine sniper-style red lights on the Schwartzes to lend credibility to Walt 's threat that if for any reason his children do n't receive the money , "  a kind of countdown begins , " in which they would be killed . It 's a bluff , but they do n't know that , so it 's a win-win . Walt 's children will get the money in a semi-legal fashion , and no one will actually die in the process . That 's not to say Walt 's above taking a life or two  or more  on his way out . As he progresses down the list of necessary showdowns , Walt crashes a regularly scheduled meeting with Todd and Lydia  "  10 a.m. , every Tuesday "  and slips a little something extra in Lydia 's morning coffee via what she thinks is her favorite sugar substitute Stevia -- actually the long-awaited use of his ricin , made back in season four . With the lingering close-up on her cup , we know long before she starts getting flu-like symptoms that she 's doomed . There 's no antidote . And it 's been inevitable for a long time that Walt would finally successfully use the ricin on somebody , it was just a question of how and when . By the time Lydia realizes that her humidifier is not enough , she 's only got about one day left to live . ` Breaking Bad ' creator signs deal for CBS drama Thinking that Jesse has partnered with the neo-Nazis , Walt preps for his ultimate showdown , but he has one last detour to make -- to see his wife Skyler and their kids . "  I needed a proper goodbye , " he tells her , after it 's revealed he evaded her police protection and slipped in her new home as well . She refuses his money , and he gives her the lotto ticket with the coordinates of where Hank is buried , of where his money used to be . "  If I have to hear one more time that you did this for the family , " she starts , before he finally tells the truth : "  I did it for me . I liked it . I was good at it . And I was alive . " He gets a glimpse of Holly and Flynn , but he has one last threat to take care of , so that men in masks do n't come and threaten his family anymore in the night . Walt must have known that he would n't leave this last altercation alive , but once he realized that Jesse was not a partner but a prisoner of the neo-Nazis , he does his last good deed , and protects Jesse from the barrage of machine gun fire set to emanate from his trunk , throwing him down on the ground just below the firing line . And finally , it comes down to the two of them . Walt puts down his gun , and Jesse picks it up . Opinion : ` Breaking Bad ' is watching you "  Do it , " Walt tells him . "  You want this . " "  Say you want this , " Jesse demands . "  Nothing happens until I hear you say it . " "  I want this , " Walt concedes . And then Jesse drops the gun and tells him , "  Then do it yourself . " After all the grief and pain of their partnership , Walt and Jesse do n't kill each other . They do n't hug it out . They leave each other with a nod and a semi-smile , and poor scarred and tortured Jesse presumably gets to go and actually have a life .  Maybe with Brock ? The kid needs a parental figure , stat  . Chemistry is the study of transformation , as "  Breaking Bad " has repeatedly reminded us . Mr. Chips turned into Scarface-level meth kingpin and died of a gunshot wound from his own device , as police arrived to arrest him for his many crimes . Was Walt always Heisenberg ? Was Heisenberg only a creation out of necessity ? Would Walt have allowed Jane to die if his criminal enterprise were not threatened ? Would Walt have poisoned a child if he did n't need to take down a major rival ? And is his death "  justice ? " AMC fix for ` Breaking Bad ' addicts : ` Better Call Saul ' We 've all seen Walter White 's death coming . It was merely a question of whether his cancer or his criminal activity would get him first . With Walt coughing all the way , we 've had ample warning . This antihero was not long for this world . It took five seasons , but in Walt 's world , it was two years , two long years in which a baby was born , a psychopath was made , a DEA agent finally saw the light  albeit too late  and a mild-mannered chemistry teacher learned what it took to make him feel alive . Of course , not every loose end is tied off , but for now , it 's enough . That is , until the inevitable "  Better Call Saul " spinoff .	Walter White made several surprising moves in the finale Walt 's final confrontation was with his partner Jesse The hit AMC show took five seasons to cover two years of Walter White 's life
CNN  -- Teresa Heinz Kerry , wife of Secretary of State John Kerry , became ill Sunday and was taken by ambulance to a Massachusetts hospital . Heinz Kerry , 74 , was in Nantucket , where the family has a home . Accompanied by her husband , she was taken to Nantucket Cottage Hospital , said Glen Johnson , the secretary 's spokesman . Once her condition was stabilized , she was transferred to Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston . "  The family is grateful for the outpouring of support it has received and aware of the interest in her condition , but they ask for privacy at this time , " Johnson said in a statement . Born in Mozambique , Heinz Kerry worked for the Trusteeship Council of the United Nations in the 1960s when she moved to the United States . Her first husband , Sen. John Heinz of Pennsylvania , died in a plane crash in 1991 . Kerry on yacht day of Egyptian coup Heinz Kerry spoke to CNN 's Larry King in 2010 about her battle with breast cancer . He asked her if she was scared . "  I was n't scared because I 'm very analytical about things like this , " she said . "  I 'm kind of , I guess , a little fatalistic . " CNN 's Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	NEW : Teresa Heinz Kerry , 74 , spoke to CNN about her battle with breast cancer in 2010 She was taken by ambulance to a hospital Her family , through a spokesman , asks for privacy
Cairo  CNN  -- Egypt 's interim military government Tuesday added two more key figures to its list of Muslim Brotherhood leaders under arrest : Mohamed Badie , the group 's spiritual leader , and Safwat Hegazy , a preacher and hardline supporter of the movement . They were among about 100 members of the Muslim Brotherhood taken into custody Tuesday . The brotherhood -- locked in a deadly battle with the military for control of Egypt -- slammed the interim government 's ongoing "  bloody military coup . " In a statement , the group 's Freedom and Justice Party described the charges against Badie as "  trumped up " and "  political . " "  It is well-known that all the charges brought against the leaders of the Muslim Brotherhood and its affiliated political party , the Freedom and Justice Party  FJP  as well as the leaders of the Anti-Coup , Pro-Democracy National Alliance are implausible fabricated charges with no legally acceptable evidence . "  What they are facing are nothing but political trumped up charges thinly painted with criminal colors , " Ali Kamal , a lawyer for the Muslim Brotherhood , said in the statement . Badie was taken in a dawn raid at a residential apartment in Cairo 's Nasr City neighborhood , the Ministry of Interior said . Arresting Badie "  is not the end of the group , which will remain in the hearts of millions of Egyptians , " said Ahmed Arif , spokesman for the Muslim Brotherhood . Badie will be detained for 15 days for investigation on accusations of inciting violence and killing protesters , the Ministry of Interior said . The detention could be extended , as has been done with ousted President Mohamed Morsy . Mahmoud Ezzat , Badie 's deputy , was named supreme guide on a temporary basis . Later , Hegazy was arrested in Nasr City as well , according to state-run broadcaster Al-Masriya . Opinion : Can anyone save Egypt from the brink ? The military has been arresting numerous key figures in the Muslim Brotherhood , including Mohamed Mahdi Akef , the former supreme guide ; his deputy , Khairat al-Shater ; Saad al-Katatni , chairman of the Freedom and Justice Party ; his deputy , Rashad al-Bayoumi ; and Sheikh Hazem Salah Abo Ismael . Armed fighters holed up in school facility , military says Badie was with Syed Abdul Rahim Abdel Naby , a teacher from the Islamic Dawa school in Beni Suef , when he was arrested at dawn , the Ministry of Interior said in its statement . Defterios : Egypt 's cycle of violence threatens to destroy its economy Security forces then searched the school and arrested 38 members of the Muslim Brotherhood "  who were hiding " in the facility and had numerous weapons , including a rifle , pistols , and Molotov cocktails , the statement said . Some of the equipment belonged to the administration of the civil protection unit in Beni Suef , which had been stormed , robbed and set on fire , the statement said . Both sides in the conflict have insisted they reject violence , but fighting has raged . The Muslim Brotherhood changed its profile image on Facebook on Tuesday to an image of Badie , with a quote saying , "  Our peaceful movement is mightier than their tanks . " Nationwide arrests Security forces also arrested 56 administrative leaders of the Muslim Brotherhood in various provinces , the Ministry of Interior said . The arrests came a day after 25 soldiers were killed in a Sinai ambush and onetime ruler Hosni Mubarak won acquittal on a corruption charge . The soldiers were killed when suspected militants armed with rocket-propelled grenades struck two buses carrying security forces Monday in the city of Rafah , on the border between Egypt and Gaza , Nile TV reported . Interim President Adly Mansour declared three days of national mourning following the attack , Nile TV said . The Sinai Peninsula is a lawless area that was the site of frequent attacks even before Egypt 's latest round of turmoil . In May , for example , seven Egyptian solders were kidnapped and held for six days there , a spokesman for Egypt 's armed forces said . But the attack adds to the persistent tension across the country since the military ousted the democratically elected Morsy in a coup . Over the past week , about 900 people -- security personnel as well as citizens -- have been killed . Deaths occurred when the military used force to clear two pro-Morsy sit-in sites in Cairo on Wednesday and violence raged after pro-Morsy supporters staged demonstrations Friday . Billions in aid on the line : What will the U.S. do about Egypt ? CNN 's Saad Abedin reported from Cairo ; CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq , Ali Younes , Schams Elwazer , Ian Lee , Reza Sayah , Hamdi Alkhshali , Slma Shelbayah , and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : The Muslim Brotherhood describes charges as "  trumped up " and "  political " Another prominent Muslim Brotherhood figure , Safwat Hegazy , is arrested Badie will be held at least 15 days , Egypt says About 100 people with the Muslim Brotherhood were arrested Tuesday
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- There 's no doubt that Iran 's election will be a major test for incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . But many Iranian women hope the results will also shake the current status of women in the Islamic republic . Zahra Rahnavard , wife of Iranian candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi , has taken a visible role in the campaign . "  Thirty-four million women demand to have female Cabinet ministers ; 34 million women demand to be eligible to run for president , " Zahra Rahnavard , wife of reformist candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  Thirty-four million women want the civil law to be revised ; 34 million women want the family law revised . " Whether her husband wins or loses Friday , Rahnavard has broken barriers for women just by appearing on the campaign trail with her husband , a rarity for political wives in Iran . "  We look at her , and we say , ` We want to be like her in the future , ' " said Shakiba Shakerhosseie , an Iranian woman who packed into Tehran 's indoor Azadi  Freedom  sports stadium along with nearly 12,000 others to hear Rahnavard speak in March . Rahnavard is a mother of three , as well as an accomplished artist and academic . She has been compared to first ladies in the United States , including Michelle Obama , for her visible role in her husband 's quest for the presidency . "  I am here to say that men and women are equal , " Rahnavard said . Iran became an Islamic republic in 1979 after the ruling monarchy was overthrown and Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was forced into exile . The revolution also ended the ceremonial role of first lady that the last queen , Farah , enjoyed . More women than men have voted in the past few elections , and Rahnavard has made a promise to her female supporters that their vote will count this time if Moussavi wins . "  We have made this promise to the women , and we will stand by it , " she said . Iranian women remain second-class citizens in criminal matters , divorce , child custody and inheritance cases , despite making up 65 percent of university students . Ahmadinejad 's fundamentalist government has tried to make it easier for men to take more than one wife while restricting public sector careers for women . This year , for the first time , the Guardian Council announced that a woman could legally be among the final candidate list . Out of the 42 women who registered , however , none was ultimately allowed to stand . Even Zahra Eshraghi , granddaughter of revolutionary leader Ayatollah Khomeini , was banned from running for parliament as a reformist . "  For Ahmadinejad 's government , women are just living things , " Eshraghi said . "  A woman is there to fill her husband 's stomach and raise children . " Watch one analyst talk about women in Ahmadinejad 's Iran " Moussavi is not the only candidate calling for a stronger role for women in Iran . Mehdi Karroubi , the only cleric in the presidential race , has promised to campaign for women 's rights . Hard-line conservative candidate Mohsen Rezaie also said he would have female ministers if he wins the election . Political science professor Mohammad Marandi downplayed Rahnavard 's impact on the outcome of Friday 's election . He said she may win over reformists and women , but what will win the election is a solution to the floundering economy and a strong performance in the debates . iReport.com : Iranians rally in large numbers "  If Ahmadinejad does well in the debates , I do n't think anyone will be able to defeat him , " Marandi said . But try selling that to Rahnavard 's enthusiastic supporters . "  This is the first time after the revolution we see a lady behind the president , " Farhad Mahmoudi said . "  And this is why we 're so happy , because we can have a first lady . " CNN 's Reza Sayah and Christiane Amanpour contributed to this report	Candidate 's wife has broken barriers by appearing on campaign trail She vows that women 's vote will count if her husband wins Most Iranian university students are women , but they are second-class citizens Cleric running for president has also promised to boost women 's rights
Paris  CNN  -- France and Germany would like heads of state to meet monthly to look at the economic governing of the eurozone , French President Nicolas Sarkozy said Monday . Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel were meeting in Paris Monday to discuss ways to safeguard the euro by increasing economic and political "  convergence . " "  Germany and France are the two big economies of Europe . To risk us diverging is to risk us destroying Europe . The crisis requires of us an extra commitment for unity and Europe will not redo the mistakes of the past , " Sarkozy said after their meeting . The two leaders agreed on a new fiscal pact that they say will help prevent another debt crisis . The pact , which will be presented in detail at a meeting of European leaders later this week , will involve amending or rewriting the treaties that govern the European Union , the leaders said . The leaders of Italy and the Netherlands met earlier Monday , and Ireland 's prime minister is due to announce new budget-cutting measures later the same day . Merkel Friday told lawmakers that a fiscal union was in the works , an effort to correct a basic flaw within the EU -- that it has a common currency and shared monetary policy , but no mechanism to ensure that all members are financially sound . "  We are beginning to create the fiscal union , " Merkel said . But she stressed that the European debt crisis will not be resolved overnight , saying the process "  will take years . " On Thursday and Friday , government leaders from all 27 EU nations will meet in Brussels for what is expected to be the final meeting of the European Council in a year that has seen more than its fair share of such summits . Merkel and Sarkozy both said last week that a fiscal pact should be written into the EU treaty so that budget rules can be properly enforced through broader oversight and automatic penalties for nations that fail to comply . In a sign of what 's at stake for the United States , Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner will spend most of this week in Europe to meet with top officials , including Sarkozy and the newly appointed Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti . President Barack Obama has called the crisis a serious threat to the U.S. economy , noting that Europe is one of America 's biggest trading partners . While Merkel and Sarkozy agree on the need to form a fiscal union , they appear to be at odds over what that would mean . Last Friday , Merkel again ruled out the creation of eurobonds , which could drive up borrowing costs for creditworthy nations such as Germany . The European Commission has proposed issuing so-called stability bonds as part of a plan to pool government debt across Europe . Merkel also stressed that the ECB should remain independent , underscoring the deep opposition in Germany to the central bank risking inflation by printing money to prop up troubled governments . Sarkozy also said the ECB should remain independent , but he sounded much less draconian than his German counterpart . "  Naturally , the European Central Bank has a role to play , " said Sarkozy . He did not want to debate what that role would be , but Sarkozy did say the ECB would act to prevent a deeper economic downturn in Europe . Late Sunday , Italy , which has sparked worry over its weighty debt and rising borrowing costs , unveiled a budget proposal that included    30 billion  $ 40 billion  in new taxes and spending cuts over two years , including reductions to future pensions . About    20 billion  $ 27 billion  would come from cuts , including major changes to how Italian workers ' pensions are calculated and a one-year increase in retirement ages , effective in January , Monti announced Sunday night . In announcing the cuts , Monti -- who also serves as finance minister -- said he would take no salary for either position . The proposal still needs parliamentary approval . CNNMoney 's Ben Rooney contributed to this report .	The European Union is considering a drastic overhaul of its powers French President Nicolas Sarkozy hosts German Chancellor Angela Merkel They disagree on how much authority the EU should have over national budgets Ireland is set to unveil new budget-cutting measures
In a policy shift , President Barack Obama has decided to extend the combat role of U.S. forces in Afghanistan into 2015 , allowing troops to keep fighting the Taliban and other militant groups that threaten American soldiers or the Afghan government , The New York Times reported . Back in May , the President described an exit strategy that called for an end to U.S. combat operations and the withdrawal of the U.S.-led international military force by the end of 2014 . While not confirming the article , a senior administration official told CNN the change is more about force protection designed to protect U.S. personnel in Afghanistan . "  We will no longer target belligerents solely because they are members of the Taliban , " the official said . "  To the extent that Taliban members directly threaten the United States and coalition forces in Afghanistan or provide direct support to al Qaeda , we will take appropriate measures to keep Americans safe . " The policy shift apparently will not affect the number of American troops in Afghanistan . The Times said that half the 9,800 troops would leave by the end of next year . The Times said the new presidential action will allow American planes and drones to support Afghan troops in combat . The official told CNN that "  the United States may provide combat enabler support to the -LSB- Afghan National Security Forces -RSB- in limited circumstances to prevent detrimental strategic effects to these Afghan security forces . " The United States has had troops in Afghanistan for 13 years , following the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . The website for Operation Enduring Freedom says 2,351 American soldiers have died in the conflict , along with 453 soldiers from the United Kingdom and 675 from other nations . The Times said two factors affected Obama 's decision : the poor performance of Iraqi troops as ISIS advances across Iraq and the election of Afghan President Ashraf Ghani , who welcomes an extended U.S. role more than his predecessor , Hamid Karzai . After Ghani 's election , Afghanistan and the United States signed a security agreement that allows U.S. troops to stay in Afghanistan beyond the previous December deadline to withdraw . Obama had said that under the security agreement , virtually all U.S. forces would be out of Afghanistan by the end of 2016 , shortly before his presidency ends . He had called for 9,800 U.S. troops to stay there after the end of 2014 . The number would get cut roughly in half by the end of 2015 , and a year later , the U.S. military presence would scale down to what officials described as a "  normal " embassy security contingent . The administration official told CNN : "  Safety of our personnel is the president 's first priority and our armed forces will continue to engage in operations in self-defense and in support of Afghan Security Forces . "	The New York Times : Obama decides to extend U.S. combat role in Afghanistan Previously , the President had said combat operations would end in 2014 Official tells CNN that U.S. troops will "  continue to engage in operations in self-defense " Operation Enduring Freedom website says 2,351 U.S. soldiers have died in Afghanistan
CNN  The Algerian military has killed the leader of an Algerian terror group that beheaded French hiker Herve Gourdel earlier this year , the state-run Algeria Press Service reported Tuesday . Gouri Abdelmalek , leader of Jund al Khilafa , and two other militants were killed in the Algerian city of Isser after the military set an unspecified "  trap , " for them , APS reported Tuesday , citing Algeria 's defense ministry . The report of Abdelmalek 's death comes roughly three months after Jund al Khilafa -- a small Islamist group formerly linked to al Qaeda -- published a video showing the beheading of Gourdel in what the group said was a display of support to al Qaeda 's rival ISIS . Gourdel , 55 , was hiking in central Algeria 's Djudjura National Park when he was abducted in September . Jund al Khilafa , having just declared allegiance to the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  , then published a video of Gourdel 's beheading on September 24 . The video was titled , "  A message of blood for the French government . " The group said it was responding to an appeal by ISIS spokesman Muhammad al-Adnani to kill "  the spiteful and filthy French " because of their support for military action against the group in Iraq . A video message showing the execution was designed to resemble beheadings carried out by ISIS , as were the words of one of the militants , who said : "  Let the French people know that their blood is cheap for their President , and it is the same as you made the blood of the Muslim women and children cheap in Iraq and Sham  Syria  . " The Algerian government called the beheading an act of "  criminals , " and French President Francois Hollande said at the time that Algeria 's Prime Minister assured him he would do the utmost to find the killers . On Monday , the Algerian army launched its attack in Isser after tracking what it believed was "  a dangerous terrorist group driving a vehicle " in the city , the Algerian defense ministry said , according to APS . Abdelmalek was later confirmed as one of the three that the army killed , APS reported Tuesday . Jund al Khilafa , which means "  Soldiers of the Caliphate , " had been a part of al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb . Abdelmalek , who was the commander of AQIM 's central region , said in September that his fighters were abandoning AQIM because of "  the certain deviation of the methods of the mother organization al-Qaeda , and that of the Islamic Maghreb . " Abdelmalek had been active in a militant Islamist insurgency in Algeria for 14 years . Gourdel was just one of the Westerners to be beheaded by an Islamist extremist group this year . Since mid-August , ISIS has beheaded American journalists Steven Sotloff and James Foley , British aid worker David Haines , British aid convoy volunteer Alan Henning , and American aid worker Peter Kassig . CNN 's Tim Lister and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Gouri Abdelmalek led Jund al Khilafa , which killed French hiker Herve Gourdel in September Jund al Khilafa , an Algerian group that splintered from al Qaeda , linked to ISIS Algerian military says it killed Abdelmalek and two other people in city of Isser on Monday
CNN  -- The Pentagon has revolutionized warfare during the past decade , making unmanned aerial vehicles , known as UAVs , a staple of modern combat in Afghanistan and Iraq . A USAF technician at Creech Air Force Base , checks Hellfire missile attachments on a Predator . Remotely-controlled drones , such as the Predator and the Reaper , have allowed the U.S. military to spy on and attack enemy combatants without putting their own forces at risk , thereby making UAVs a must-have . "  The real advantage of unmanned aerial systems is they allow you to project power without projecting vulnerability , " says USAF Lt. Gen. David Deptula at the Pentagon . But as USAF commanders try to provide enough pilots to take charge of drones , many are considering another aspect of the warfare revolution -- the psychological impact on those controlling the vehicles . As Dr. Kory Cornum , a USAF colonel , explains : "  Whereas we have thousands of years of data on what it 's like to go to war really , we only have a few years of data on what it 's like to go to war virtually . And so we do n't have really enough data . " Pilots are now dealing with something never experienced before -- a rapid transition from intense combat to home comfort , often in less than an hour . Some describe it as a version of post-traumatic stress disorder , often more associated with soldiers directly in harm 's way . Peter Singer , an adviser to U.S. President Barack Obama 's campaign team and author of "  Wired for War , " described one encounter with a frustrated non-commissioned officer . "  She actually banged the table , saying : ` No one is paying attention to this issue of PTSD -LSB- post-traumatic stress disorder -RSB- among my men and women , no one 's paying attention to it , " Singer says . "  And she talked about a scene where they were flying a drone above a set of U.S. soldiers that were killed and the drone was unarmed at the time and they could n't do anything about it . They just circled above and they watched U.S. soldiers die in front of them . " Watch the debate about the impact of UAVs on pilots " USAF fighter pilots like Major Morgan Andrews remotely control drones from Creech Air Force Base in Nevada . Less than an hour after targeting he 'll be back in suburban Las Vegas , his drive home more physically dangerous than the combat mission he has just undertaken . Commanders at Creech say that if there is stress , it comes from relentless around-the-clock shift work . Andrews says that like any good pilot he has learned to compartmentalize his life , using his commute to and from work to transition . "  I think about work , I think about what happened , " Andrews explains , "  what I could 've done better , anything I maybe did wrong that I could 've done differently , how could I do it better next time . I just kind of go through it and usually , by the time I get home , I 've sorted it all through my mind and stick it away in a file and go on with life . " For Andrews , fighting from Nevada more than outweighs the drawbacks of long overseas deployments , allowing him to enjoy life at home with his family and friends . Cornum adds that the drive home is more of a blessing than anyone realized . "  It does give you some amount of time , as opposed to if you lived on base and you could literally walk out of war and into your house , " he says . "  I do n't know if 30 minutes is enough . But it gives you time to decompress . " But conducting remote warfare , as Cornum explains , brings with it stress that vary from those usually experienced by troops . "  The big difference is that when you are actually deployed , you are with all your battle buddies who are experiencing the thing 24/7 . Whereas when you go home , you go home to your family , to your neighbors , who are not in the battle all the time . And that 's good and bad . "	Robotic warfare allows pilots to control armed vehicles without risk to themselves Military experts are now looking at the psychological impact this may have on pilots Pilots now transition from battlefield to home environment in less than an hour Some pilots welcome operating from the U.S. rather than being deployed overseas
A 6.3 magnitude earthquake struck about four miles from the coastal city of Sechura in northern Peru on Saturday , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . No damage or injuries were reported in the quake , which happened at a depth of six miles . The quake happened in a region that marks the boundary between two tectonic plates , where the oceanic crust of the Nazca Plate moves under the South American Plate . These subduction zones are often the sites of volcanic activity and earthquakes . Friday : Earthquake strikes in sea off Japan Monday : Offshore earthquake shakes Northern California Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes The place where two earthquakes hit every hour	6.3 magnitude earthquake strikes coastal Peru ; no injuries or damage reported The quake occurred along on the boundary of two tectonic plates
