CNN Student News  -- January 8 , 2013 Media Literacy Question of the Day How might young people benefit from hearing international news stories ? How might they respond differently to international reports than they would to domestic stories ? Explain . * * Daily Discussion Questions According to the program , what are some of the events making news around the world ? In your opinion , which of these stories is having the greatest impact ? Why ? In your view , what criteria are used to choose top stories in a newscast ? Would you use the same criteria ? Explain . * * Whom has President Obama nominated to head the Central Intelligence Agency and the U.S. Department of Defense ? What might be the duties of the people who lead each of these organizations ? What experience do the nominees have that might help them if they 're confirmed ? How might controversy factor in ? What questions do you think senators will ask the nominees during this process ? * * What are some powers of the U.S. House and Senate ? Why do you think that the Founding Fathers decided on this division of powers ? * * What are some congressional proposals for immigration reform ? What might be the challenges of passing immigration reform laws in America ? According to the program , what approaches do Democrats and Republicans favor in terms of getting immigration legislation passed ? Why do you think lawmakers have different strategies for passing immigration reform ? What might be the benefits and drawbacks of these strategies ? * * What is Carnival ? What is the story behind the Carnival mosaic mentioned in the program ? What was your opinion of the artwork ? If you were to build a work of art to represent your community , what materials would it be made of ? What would it look like , and why ? * * What is one of the goals of the 2013 Passion Conference in Atlanta ? What do some of the event 's participants say about the issue ? How might a cause benefit from young people getting involved ? What might be the challenges of making young people aware of an international cause ? * *	Use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories Today 's Daily Discussion includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- Sea-levels are rising unevenly around the world , with Pacific countries in particular suffering significant increases over the past two decades , according to accurate new satellite data . On average , global sea-levels have been rising at about three millimeters  mm  a year , however , this masks large differences between regions of the world . While some regions have seen sea-level rises of 12 mm a year , others have actually seen decreases of about 12 mm a year . The results are based on radar readings from the European Space Agency  ESA  over an 18-year period from October 1992 to March 2010 . ESA used its satellites to send radar pulses to the sea surface below , recording the time delay in its return and creating a precise measurement of their height above the surface . Special report : Sea-level rises Scientists say sea-level rises are the result of the expansion of water due to rising temperatures , melting of glaciers and the melting of polar ice sheets . The worst hit regions over the past two decades , according to the ESA data , have been the Pacific countries of Indonesia , Papua New Guinea , Philippines and vulnerable Pacific islands like the Solomon Islands . The Philippines for one is already frequently subjected to flooding and landslides caused by heavy rain , with seasonal monsoon rains in August killing at least 11 people . Scientists suggest regions that have seen high sea level rises over the past 20 years will not necessarily continue to see higher than average sea-level rises in the future . "  We suspect that the bigger the differences get , the more they will tend to level out in the future , " says Robert Meisner , a spokesperson for ESA . However , a recent study of coastal cities still predicted the Philippines ' capital Manila would see its vulnerability to flooding double by the end of the century , due to sea-level rises . In some regions of the world , the increasingly accurate sea level data is being used by planners to mitigate against the risk of flooding . See also : Five cities battling flooding , heats and storms In Venice , where the sea-level data was released , engineers are constructing a new set of tidal barriers to protect the historic city . The city , which attracts millions of tourists every year , is seeing sea-level rises of around 2 mm per year , together with slow , mostly natural , subsidence of about another 2 mm every year . The new $ 7.9 billion-barrier system will see giant barriers placed on the sea floor around Venice . When the water levels rise , air will be pumped into the barriers raising them up to block the tidal flow and protect the city from flooding . The system is due to be completed in 2014 and is expected to be able to protect the city for the next 20 years .	Global sea-levels rose by an average of 3 mm a year over the past two decades Most accurate data yet based on satellite data from European Space Agency Sea-level rises uneven around the world with Pacific region hit worst Venice one of many cities upgrading flood protection barriers
CNN  -- Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo thinks Fernando Alonso 's victory at the European Grand Prix can energize his team 's bid to secure their first drivers ' championship since 2007 . The Spaniard became the first driver to record two wins this season , after the opening seven races of the campaign were won by seven different drivers . Alonso had started the race in 11th place but worked his way up the field to take the checkered flag and a 20-point lead in the drivers ' championship . It represented the 30-year-old 's 29th grand prix win and brought with it a ringing endorsement from Ferrari 's president , who hinted the marque were keen to hunt down their first title since Kimi Raikkonen triumphed five years ago . Alonso reclaim world championship lead in Valencia Montezemolo told Ferrari 's official website : "  An exceptional driver , a competitive car and a perfect team : that is what our victory was made of . "  I am happy for  team principal  Stefano Domenicali and for all his team who have worked so hard and so well . I want to thank them individually , both for that and for what they are doing to keep improving . "  The championship is long , every race is unpredictable and there is still so much to do . But yesterday 's win is a real adrenaline rush to encourage even more of a push . " Alonso shared the podium in Valencia with two drivers who are woven deep into Ferrari 's fabric . Raikkonen , who landed the Italian team 's last title , returned to the sport this year after a spell in the World Rally Championship and claimed second place for Lotus . Michael Schumacher was third in his Mercedes , the German winning five of his seven world titles with Ferrari , and Montezemolo expressed his pride at seeing all three take top honors in Spain . "  I saw all three champions of ` my ' Ferrari hugging each other , " he added . "  Thinking back to so many amazing wins in these last 15 years and to the people who have contributed to that -- from Michael to Kimi , from  former Ferrari team boss  Jean Todt to the other drivers , from the engineers to the mechanics -- I was really touched . " Alonso won the first of his two career titles for Renault in 2005 , breaking Schumacher 's dominance of the sport . He successfully defended his crown the following year . He now takes his 20-point lead in the championship to the British Grand Prix at Silverstone next month , hoping to emulate his victory in the 2011 race .	Ferrari president delighted with Fernando Alonso 's victory at the European Grand Prix Luca di Montezemolo says Spaniard 's victory can energize Ferrari 's push for F1 title Alonso is the first driver to win two races this season after he secured victory in Valencia The 30-year-old leads the drivers ' championship by 20 points from Mark Webber
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesia 's Mount Merapi started spewing hot ash clouds Monday morning , sending a 1.5-kilometer plume toward the south . Volcanic ash also blew eastward toward Boyolali , Central Java , said Kurniadi of the Indonesian Volcanology and Geological Disaster Monitoring staff . Kurniadi goes by one name , as many Indonesians do . Residents on the volcano started fleeing yet again . Many had returned to their homes to check on them as well as their farm animals after eruptions last week . Mount Merapi began erupting Tuesday and has killed at least 39 people in the past week . Another 74 have been injured and more than 71,000 people have been evacuated , according to the National Disaster Management Board . The 3,000-meter Merapi is famously unpredictable . An eruption killed two people in 2006 and another killed more than 60 villagers in 1994 . About 1,300 people died when Merapi erupted in 1930 . Also last week , a 7.7-magnitude earthquake hit Indonesia 's coast , triggering a tsunami and killing at least 449 . Hundreds more were injured .	NEW : Death toll from recent eruptions is now 39 Mount Merapi spews hot ash clouds Residents flee once again
Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley signed a law Tuesday that drastically raises the safety requirements for abortion clinics to operate -- a measure that he says "  has been endorsed by pro-life groups across America . " But Planned Parenthood immediately warned of "  an almost certain legal challenge , " saying the new law 's requirements "  would be difficult for nearly all providers to meet " and would shut down clinics . Bentley , a Republican , hailed the new law . "  As a physician , and as a governor , I am proud to sign this legislation , " he said in a statement . "  This bill provides appropriate standards of care . " Doctors who provide abortions must have admitting privileges at local hospitals , the governor 's office said . A similar new law in Mississippi has put that state 's only abortion provider "  on the verge of closing " because of such an admitting privileges requirement , Planned Parenthood said . That clinic is challenging the Mississippi law in federal court , saying the state would end up banning abortion because the clinic 's doctors have n't been able to gain the privileges . Nikema Williams , vice president of public policy for Planned Parenthood Southeast , said that "  medical experts agree that laws requiring admitting privileges for abortion do n't increase health or safety for a woman . "  They just limit a woman 's access to safe and legal abortion , " Williams said in a statement . "  As a high-quality health care provider working every day to support women 's health and safety , Planned Parenthood is evaluating every possible option to protect the health of women in the face of this dangerous law and blatant attack on women 's health and rights , " she said . The Alabama measure passed by overwhelming majorities in both houses of the state legislature . Mike Hubbard , speaker of the Alabama House of Representatives , has said , "  With the passage of this legislation , we are doing everything we can to ensure the procedure is performed in a safe and healthy environment . " North Dakota governor signs law banning most abortions Once signed , Alabama 's new law would require abortion clinics to meet the standards of an "  ambulatory surgical center , " Staci Fox , a spokeswoman for Planned Parenthood , has said . This means the state 's five abortion clinics would have to remodel to increase the sizes of rooms and doorways . "  It puts an undue burden on existing facilities . All of this makes it harder to access health care , " Fox said . The new law also requires doctors at the clinics to ask pregnant minors under age 16 seeking an abortion who the father is , according to a summary of the legislation provided by Hubbard 's office . The pregnant minor will be able to refuse to give the father 's name and age . Arkansas lawmakers back nation 's most restrictive abortion bill If the girl provides the name and the father is two or more years older than the girl , the facility will have to report the pregnant girl and father to police , the legislation says . The legislation is designed to prevent abuse . The law is the centerpiece of the "  We Dare Defend Our Right to Life " section of the House Republican caucus 's 2013 legislative agenda . The law 's House sponsor , Rep. Mary Sue McClurkin , a Republican from Indian Springs Village , Alabama , said abortion clinics truly dedicated to care "  will embrace this legislation rather than oppose it . "  For far too long , Alabama has had more health regulations in place to protect your cat or dog at a vet clinic than it does for a woman receiving an abortion ; this law will correct that shameful disparity , " McClurkin said in a statement .	Planned Parenthood warns of "  an almost certain legal challenge " Similar new law in Mississippi is about to shut down its last abortion clinic The governor , who 's a physician , says law is "  endorsed by pro-life groups " State has had more regulations for vet clinics than a woman seeking abortion , sponsor says
CNN  -- Microsoft founder Bill Gates told CNN on Wednesday that he hopes President-elect Barack Obama and Congress immediately craft a wide-ranging stimulus package , to help jump-start the nation 's sputtering economy , and double the United States ' commitment to foreign aid . Microsoft founder Bill Gates spoke exclusively Wednesday with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  Clearly we need a stimulus that does n't undermine the incentive for businesses to be careful about their spending and making those correct investments , " Gates told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer in an exclusive interview airing on The Situation Room on Wednesday and Thursday . Gates , one of the world 's richest men and founder of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation , is also calling on Obama to increase investments in the nation 's education system and spur technological advances to improve agriculture , prevent disease , and promote economic growth in the world 's poorest nations . "  The key point I 'd make is that in addition to that stimulus , you 've got to fund the kind of scientific work and educational investments that could really have us be a much better country as we emerge from the recession , " he said . Watch Gates discuss economy " On his Web site , Obama has pledged to double the United States ' annual investment in foreign aid to $ 50 billion by the end of his first term , with the goal of fully funding debt cancellation for poor nations and fighting AIDS and global poverty . In the interview with CNN , Gates said he thinks Obama will live up to that commitment . "  Obviously it 's the Congress that gets to actually vote the final decision for how the money is spent , but I do think he will get to that commitment , " Gates said . "  I am thrilled to be able to see that people are responding to the success stories . Aid from the United States did go up in the last eight years . " The interview came shortly before the Microsoft founder delivered a wide-ranging speech at The George Washington University in Washington , D.C. , during which he reiterated his call for a major new stimulus package to spur job growth . "  Spending is the only way we 'll ever come out of this downturn , and with businesses , state governments and consumers pulling back , the federal government must step forward , " Gates told the crowd . The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation has distributed more than $ 17 billion in grant commitments in all 50 states and 100 countries . In his interview with CNN , Gates said he had personally given more than $ 30 billion to the foundation .	Microsoft founder Bill Gates talks to CNN 's Wolf Blitzer Gates says Obama should craft a wide-ranging stimulus package He also wants Obama to increase investments in education , technology "  Spending is the only way we 'll ever come out of this downturn , " he says
CNN  -- A judge issued bench warrants for the arrest of actor Randy Quaid and his wife , Evi , after the couple failed to appear for a court hearing in Santa Barbara , California , Monday morning , a court spokesman said . The Quaids were ordered to appear for a hearing on burglary charges filed last month after police were called to a Montecito , California , residence to investigate a report of squatters . According to a press release from the Santa Barbara Sheriff 's department , a representative for the owner of the property came by the house to check the security alarm because it had gone off earlier that day , and then discovered that someone had been resting their head in the property 's guest house . The Quaids were n't around at the time , but upon their return later that evening the couple told police that they have "  owned the property since the 1990s . " According to the statement , the owners had documentation that another buyer had purchased the property from the Quaids several years earlier . A contractor who worked on the residence told police he believes the couple caused more than $ 5,000 in damages in the guest house , and the Quaids were charged with residential burglary . The judge revoked their $ 50,000 bond when they failed to show up for Monday 's hearing , the court spokesman said . Another hearing was set for next Tuesday . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	The judge issued an arrest warrant after the Quaids failed to appear in court Randy and Evi Quaid are charged with burglarizing a home they once owned A new hearing was set for next Tuesday
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Three decades after serial killings of African-Americans in Georgia shook much of the nation , most respondents to a nonscientific CNN poll say Wayne Williams committed what came to be called the Atlanta Child Murders . Although Williams was convicted only of murdering two adults , police blamed him in the murders of two dozen African-American boys and young men that lasted from 1979 to 1981 . In Williams ' first TV interview in at least a decade , he insisted to CNN 's Soledad O'Brien that he 's innocent . He 's serving two life sentences . A two-hour CNN documentary , "  The Atlanta Child Murders , " invited viewers to weigh the evidence and hear from witnesses in the case , and then go to CNN.com to cast votes on whether Williams is "  guilty , " "  innocent " -- or the case is "  not proven . " Nearly two out of every three persons who voted in the nonscientific poll said they would convict Williams . According to poll results , 68.6 percent of respondents said Williams was guilty . Only 4.3 percent said he was innocent . The remaining 27.1 percent chose a third option , "  not proven , " which was added to the CNN poll to offer a middle ground . More than 55,000 persons took the opportunity to register their opinions about the case on CNN.com . By March and April of 1981 , bodies were turning up at the rate of one a week , stoking fears among Atlanta residents and many people across the nation . In San Mateo , California , news reports detailing the killings drove 8-year-old Tyika Mitchell , her mother and her grandmother to the TV each night . The memory still gives Mitchell chills , she said . "  I remember being scared to death , especially since he was only killing little black kids , and as such , I believed that it was only a matter of time before the killer got to me , " said Mitchell this week . The family had roots in Atlanta , heightening their concern . "  It felt like every day a new dead child had been discovered , " she said . "  I remember my mom and grandmother discussing how they recognized the area of Atlanta the kids were being found in , " she said . iReport : Mitchell 's memories of scary times Growing up in Atlanta , Texas , Lisa Dickerson was a 17-year-old high school student at the time . The murders made her more frightened during a class outing . "  It affected everything that we did , " she said . But looking back on the case , Dickerson feels police may have gotten the wrong man . "  I never thought that -LSB- Williams -RSB- killed the little boys , and I had a doubt about the two older men , " she said . "  I think he made himself look guilty , but I do n't think he did it . " iReport : Atlanta , Texas , remembers too In Atlanta , Georgia , at the time , Jackie Proulx was a 4-year-old white girl , who also recalls being shaken by news of the killings . "  My little friends and I talked about being scared , and would talk about how to defend ourselves against the bad guys , " Proulx said . "  I also had several nightmares during that time about being chased and terrorized by a monster . " Proulx said she just could n't believe there were people in the world that would hurt or kill children . "  I had always assumed adults were to be trusted , so it made me feel vulnerable . " iReport : A frightening time in Atlanta , Georgia Years later , trust for adults , even strangers , became a theme in a college thesis that Mitchell wrote for a criminal justice course . She wrote that children would "  feel comfortable getting into a car with " Williams because he was a black man from the community . Mitchell , who said she holds degrees in criminal justice and social science , also explored a deeper syndrome in her thesis , self-hate , which she attributes to negative images and stereotypes of blacks advanced by mainstream media . "  Then you have Wayne Williams , who took it to the extreme and engaged in a sort-of genocidal killing spree of only downtrodden African-Americans , " she said . To this day , the serial killings affect Proulx 's parenting of her four sons , ages 4 and 8 . "  We have had many discussions about what to do in various situations , like getting lost , or being approached by someone they do n't know , " said Proulx . "  I keep them close to me at all times . I do not let myself just assume they are safe , even in our neighborhood . " Williams was convicted of killing two adults -- Nathaniel Cater , 28 , and Jimmy Ray Payne , 21 -- whose bodies were found downstream from a river bridge where police spotted him . Jack Mallard , who prosecuted the case , believes Williams was responsible for many more deaths during the period . "  I would say about 25 of the 28 male victims on the list , " he said . Early in the case , Williams failed an FBI polygraph test , which is not admissible in court . DNA science was not widely used at the time of Williams ' 1982 trial . But results from the 2007 testing of DNA evidence in the case have implicated Williams in the death of at least one 11-year-old victim , Patrick Baltazar , according to expert DNA scientists . CNN 's Jim Polk and Christina Zdanowicz contributed to this report .	Nonscientific poll : 68.6 percent believe Wayne Williams is the Atlanta child murderer Many African-Americans across the U.S. recall being frightened by the case Years later , one woman says case leads her to closely watch her kids
CNN  -- Roger Federer said he was "  pleased " with his switch to a new racket as he began his 2014 ATP Tour campaign with a straight sets victory over fellow 32-year-old Jarkko Nieminen in Brisbane Wednesday . Federer used the larger-headed racket in a doubles match the night before , but this was his first significant test with the new equipment . Finn Nieminen was admittedly ideal opposition , he had lost 13 previous encounters with the Swiss star , and slipped to a 6-4 6-2 defeat in 69 minutes in the second round match . Federer is playing in Australia in the opening week of the season for the first time since 2000 and is proving a big draw in Queensland . He slipped to No. 7 in the rankings in 2013 and has hired Stefan Edberg to his coaching team to help restore his fortunes . There has also been the introduction of a 98-inch racket head , an experiment he briefly tried after going out early at Wimbledon last summer . Federer is satisfied with the results and lost only five service points in the second set against Nieminen . "  I had a much longer time to get ready for this swing than I had last time around , after Wimbledon , before the American summer , " he told the ATP Tour official website . "  So I 'm not thinking about it when I 'm going out there , which is a great thing . I 'm hitting the ball really well , so I 'm very pleased with the racquet . " He is competing in the doubles with Nicolas Mahut to ramp up his preparation for the opening grand slam in a fortnight . "  Now I have doubles tomorrow and the singles the next day , so it 's really good for rhythm and good for your game . "  I expect myself to play a bit better in the next match , even though today was already very good for a first match in so many weeks , to be honest , and against Nieminen who can play very good tennis . Particularly here in Australia . " In the women 's singles in Brisbane , second seed Victoria Azarenka scored an impressive second round success over Australia 's Casey Dellacqua . The reigning Australian Open champion served notice she will battle to keep that title with a 6-3 6-1 win over the local hope to reach the quarterfinals where she will play unseeded Swiss Stefanie Voegele . A title match-up is looming against top seed Serena Williams , who is also into the last eight after beating Andrea Petkovic on New Year 's Eve . Serena 's elder sister Venus has reached the same stage of the WTA event in Auckland , New Zealand . The 33-year-old Williams trailed by a set and looked set for an upset defeat to Yvonne Meusburger before a typical rally . She won 10 out of 13 games to clinch a 4-6 6-3 6-2 victory . Later Wednesday , there was a shock defeat for Wimbledon champion Andy Murray at the Qatar Open to German Florian Mayer . Murray is playing his first competitive matches since back surgery last autumn , but looked well in control when he led by a set and 3-0 . Mayer , ranked 40th in the world , refused to give up and proceeded to win 11 of the last 14 games for a 3-6 6-4 6-2 victory . Top seed Rafael Nadal survived a scare against another German , Tobias Kamke , dropping the second set in Doha before prevailing 6-3 6-7 6-3 .	Roger Federer kick starts 2014 campaign with straight sets win Beats Finn Jarko Nieminen 6-4 6-2 in 69 minutes in Brisbane Using bigger-headed racket at start of season Andy Murray beaten in second round in Qatar
CNN  -- Will you still be mad for it ? The trailer for "  Mad Max : Fury Road " is out , and it 's gotten a 21st-century makeover . Where the 1979 film starred Mel Gibson , this time around , Tom Hardy and Charlize Theron are at the helm . George Miller , who directed the original , is back on board for this one . The trailer debuted at Comic-Con this weekend , and according to the Sydney Morning Herald , Miller said during the Comic-Con panel that this film packs in a lot of mileage . "  I love chase movies ; I think they 're the purest form of cinema , " Miller said . "  That 's where the film language started . I wanted to make one long , extended chase , and see what we could pick up about the characters along the way . " Based on the trailer , there will be plenty of chasing , dust and drama in the new "  Mad Max , " which has been in the works for years . Filming reportedly began in 2012 . "  Mad Max : Fury Road " is scheduled for release May 15 .	The newest "  Mad Max " trailer premiered at Comic-Con The original film was released in 1979 George Miller , who directed the original , is also directing this one
Joliet , Illinois  CNN  -- The trial of former Chicago-area police Sgt. Drew Peterson , accused of killing his ex-wife , focused Wednesday on an incident in which he allegedly had threatened to kill her with a knife . Defense attorneys sought to discredit Kathleen Savio 's account of the July 2002 incident , in which she had said Peterson pushed her down the stairs of her home , upset about their divorce proceedings , and told her to turn her head so he could kill her . Peterson , 58 , is on trial , charged with the murder of Savio , his third wife , who was found dead in her dry , clean bathtub March 1 , 2004 . A classic case of domestic violence ? The case did not arise until after Peterson 's fourth wife , Stacy , went missing in October 2007 . It was during the search for Stacy Peterson , who has never been found , that investigators said they would look again at Savio 's death , which was initially ruled a drowning . Savio 's death was ruled a homicide in February 2008 , and Peterson was later arrested and indicted on first-degree murder . The court heard Wednesday afternoon from the forensic pathologist who conducted the second autopsy that led to the homicide ruling . Peterson has been called a suspect in Stacy Peterson 's disappearance , though he has never been charged in that case . Wednesday morning 's testimony began with the cross-examination of Bolingbrook , Illinois , Police Lt. Teresa Kernc , who took a police report from Savio about the alleged knife incident in 2002 . Prosecutors examined Kernc on Tuesday . Savio had written in the police report that Peterson pushed her down the stairs and told her not to get up , then told her how "  awful and bitchy " she was and that she should stop being so terrible to him . Savio had written that she grew tired of his rant , so she told him , " ` Go ahead , just kill me . ' He said , ` Where do you want it ? ' and I said , ` In the head . ' He said , ` OK , then turn your head , ' and I did it . And then he said that he would never be able to hurt me . And then he left . " Kernc testified that Savio told her verbally that Peterson threatened her with a knife , but that she did n't include it when she wrote her statement . "  I told her to put in the report what happened . I said , ` The knife part is n't in here . You need to put in here what actually happened , ' " Kernc testified . "  Then she wrote it in there , and a short time later she crossed the knife part out . She expressed concern about him being arrested and losing his job . " Defense attorney Steve Greenberg noted the incident is alleged to have happened July 5 , 2002 , but that Savio did n't call Kernc to make the report until July 18 . He also pointed out that Peterson had served Savio with a criminal complaint just "  10 or 15 minutes " before she filed the police report , but that she never mentioned that to Kernc . Is the defense team too confident ? Savio had told Kernc that after Peterson left she immediately called several people , including friend and neighbor Mary Pontarelli , and told them about the knife incident . But according to Greenberg , Pontarelli said Savio described only a "  nice conversation " with her husband . That description was "  consistent " with what Peterson told Kernc when she interviewed him about the incident , Greenberg said . Kernc ended her testimony by saying she was n't sure whether Savio was telling the truth about Peterson wielding a knife . "  You had some concerns about whether that actually happened ? " Greenberg asked . "  Yes , " Kernc replied . "  And that was based on your complete investigation ? " he asked . "  Yes , " Kernc said . The afternoon session of the trial was expected to include testimony by the doctor who performed Savio 's second autopsy , and by Scott Rossetto , Stacy Peterson 's friend . In the afternoon , the court heard from Dr. Larry Blum , who performed the autopsy on Salvio 's body after she was exhumed in 2007 . Blum testified that Savio suffered a laceration to the back of her scalp , which led to dried blood on her face and around the drain when she was found . He said it would have been "  impossible " for the blood to have dried like that had there been water in the tub . He also testified that Salvio had a number of fresh bruises -- less than an hour old -- on the front of her body , including to her hip bones , thigh , shins , and hands . Blum said he also found a fresh abrasion on her buttocks that "  would not be consistent with someone 's slip and fall . " He did not testify about why the first autopsy would have ruled her death accidental . The Peterson trial began July 31 and is expected to last about four weeks . Repeated missteps by the prosecution are angering Judge Edward Burmila and the defense . At least four times since the trial began , prosecutors have allowed witnesses to testify to details Burmila has told them not to go into -- such as whether Savio had a protective order against her husband or allowing Blum to demonstrate climbing into the bathtub . In some cases the defense has sought a mistrial and in others they have asked the judge to strike entire testimony . Burmila has instead ordered the jury to disregard elements of the testimony that went against his orders . "  The disrespect to the court is shocking , " Burmila told the prosecution Wednesday . Peterson was married to Savio in 2001 when he had an affair with then-17-year-old Stacy Cales , whom he would later marry . Savio and Peterson filed for divorce in October 2001 and their relationship remained contentious for the next several years . Bolingbrook police records indicate officers were called to Savio 's home 18 times to intervene in domestic fights from 2002 to 2004 . Peterson had Savio arrested twice for domestic violence , though she was found not guilty in both cases . Savio 's order of protection On February 27 , 2004 , Peterson picked up his two sons from Savio 's home , spending the next two days with them . Prosecutors believe that he entered her home again early on February 29 and killed Savio . At the time of her death , which authorities initially treated as an accident , a court was mulling how the couple 's marital assets would be divided , and Savio was set to receive part of Peterson 's pension and other support . The defense contends Savio fell accidentally , hit her head , and drowned . In Session 's Michael Christian contributed to this report .	NEW : A pathologist testifies about why he ruled her death a homicide NEW : The judge criticizes repeated missteps by the prosecution Drew Peterson is on trial in the death of his third wife , Kathleen Salvio She had described an incident in which he allegedly threatened her with a knife
CNN  -- Elizabeth Edwards , the estranged wife of 2004 vice presidential candidate and former North Carolina senator John Edwards , died Tuesday after a lengthy battle with cancer . She was 61 . She died at the family home in Chapel Hill , North Carolina , according to a statement released by the family . "  Today we have lost the comfort of Elizabeth 's presence but she remains the heart of this family , " the statement said . "  We love her and will never know anyone more inspiring or full of life . " Edwards was diagnosed with breast cancer shortly after her husband lost his bid for vice president in November 2004 . John Edwards , a one-term Democratic senator , was Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry 's running mate . It was later revealed that she knew before the election she might have cancer , but shielded her husband from the news during the campaign . She immediately underwent treatment , and the cancer was believed to be in remission . In March 2007 -- at the start her husband 's 2008 presidential campaign -- Edwards learned that the cancer had returned and spread . Dr. Lisa Carey , the oncologist treating Edwards , categorized the cancer as metastatic stage four cancer , largely confined to the bones . The cancer was diagnosed treatable but not curable , Edwards said . Despite the diagnosis , Edwards said she was ready to go forward with her husband 's bid for the White House . "  Either you push forward with the things that you were doing yesterday or you start dying , " she said . "  If I had given up everything that my life was about ... I 'd let cancer win before it needed to . " "  Maybe eventually it will win , " she said . "  But I 'd let it win before I needed to . " John Edwards , unable to compete with the attention focused on then-Sens . Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton , withdrew from the presidential race in January 2008 . Several months later , he admitted that tabloid claims about an extramarital affair with former campaign videographer Rielle Hunter were true . Eventually , he also admitted to fathering a child with Hunter -- an allegation he initially vociferously denied even after conceding the affair . John Edwards said the affair happened in 2006 while his wife 's cancer was in remission . He claimed he informed his wife at the time and asked for her forgiveness . The couple was criticized by some activists for not revealing the affair prior to his presidential bid , as the news could have damaged Democratic chances if it became publicly known during a general election campaign in which John Edwards was the party 's standard bearer . "  This was our private matter , and I frankly wanted it to be private because as painful as it was I did not want to have to play it out on a public stage as well , " Elizabeth Edwards said . The affair appeared to end any future political ambitions the former senator may have had . It also led to the couple 's separation . Elizabeth Edwards was born Mary Elizabeth Anania on July 3 , 1949 , in Jacksonville , Florida . Her father was a Navy pilot , and in her early years , she attended school in Japan . She attended the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill , and met her future husband while studying at UNC 's law school . They spent their first date dancing at a local Holiday Inn , and it ended with John kissing Elizabeth on the forehead . "  It was just really sweet , " she said of the kiss . "  I was n't used to men being sweet . " The couple was married July 30 , 1977 , the Saturday after they took their state bar exams . They had four children : Wade , Cate , Emma Claire , and Jack . Wade Edwards was killed in a car accident in 1996 . Mrs. Edwards worked as a clerk for U.S. District Judge Calvitt Clarke Jr. in Norfolk , Virginia , and was a bankruptcy lawyer in Raleigh . In 2006 , after her initial cancer diagnosis , she wrote "  Saving Graces : Finding Solace and Strength from Friends and Strangers , " which chronicled the aftermath of her son 's death and her battle with the disease . When her cancer returned in 2007 , the couple held a news conference to publicize the information and declare their intention to continue with John Edwards ' campaign . "  You can go cower in the corner and hide or you can go out there and stand up for what you believe in , " the former senator said . "  We have no intentions of cowering in the corner . " In an interview with the Detroit Free Press after her husband admitted to his affair , Elizabeth Edwards said the incident helped her focus on resuming her role as an advocate for the poor and for health care reform . She also said it pushed her to refocus on her role as a mother . She also said she did not want her husband 's tarnished public image to overshadow his role as an advocate for the poor -- particularly in the eyes of her children . "  I have to prepare for the possibility if I die before they are grown " to make them "  able to function without an involved , engaged and admiring parent , " she said . "  So I need to create the picture for them that I want them to have . " In a September interview on "  The Nate Berkus Show , " Edwards was asked what she sees when she looks at her estranged husband , John Edwards . "  I see the father of my children , and that 's very important to me , " she said . "  Particularly since I have a terminal disease , this is the person who at some point will take over the primary parenting , and it 's important to me that he heals , if he needs too . " Asked about forgiveness , Elizabeth Edwards said that 's a difficult topic for her . "  It 's really hard to use a word like forgiveness but we found a new of interacting with one another that is healthy -- and I think for the kids -- and really easy for us , which is great , " she said . She said living with stage four cancer "  is like dancing with a partner who keeps changing . " "  Fortunately with the research , it looks like there may be a new drug for me down the line , " she said . "  My job is to stay alive until they find a cure . I do n't think there 's any way to live with this diagnosis than to have that kind of optimism . " On Monday , the Edwards family released a statement saying that further cancer treatment would be unproductive . In a message posted on her Facebook page , Elizabeth Edwards addressed her family and friends : "  The days of our lives , for all of us , are numbered . We know that . And , yes , there are certainly times when we are n't able to muster as much strength and patience as we would like . It 's called being human , " she wrote . "  But I have found that in the simple act of living with hope , and in the daily effort to have a positive impact in the world , the days I do have are made all the more meaningful and precious . And for that I am grateful . It is n't possible to put into words the love and gratitude I feel to everyone who has and continues to support and inspire me every day . To you I simply say : you know . " CNN 's John King contributed to this report .	NEW : Edwards says forgiveness is a difficult topic for her She hid the possibility she had cancer from her husband during the 2004 campaign She met her future husband while they both studied law at the University of North Carolina Her cancer returned in 2007
CNN  -- Try this for a spine-tingling moment : An immensely popular novelist who specializes in eerie , conspiratorial mysteries portrays an evildoer who is , gulp , an awful lot like yourself . And the word "  popular " does n't really come close to describing this novelist , whose every book is launched in multiple languages and shoved into movie production  starring Tom Hanks  before the manuscript is bound in hard copy . It 's Dan Brown , whose "  Inferno , " the latest tale of Robert Langdon , the Harvard iconographer-turned-homicide-hunter , hinges on the deeds of a dastardly biologist who kidnaps the director general of the World Health Organization and compels her to heed his insanity while locked inside the Council on Foreign Relations in Manhattan . I am the only trained biologist working in the New York headquarters of the Council on Foreign Relations , where I am senior fellow for global health . I 've never kidnapped WHO Director-General Dr. Margaret Chan , but I have been known to corner her for some whispered one-on-ones . The day after "  Inferno " was launched with the usual Dan Brown-associated brouhaha , my brother e-mailed "  OMG ! " telling me he was devouring the thing on his e-reader . All day long I received notes from worried friends and family , concerned that Brown 's conspiracy-minded readership would turn its sights on the council , or me , and my global health work . Brown 's ability to raise this kind of intrigue was demonstrated with his first blockbuster , "  The Da Vinci Code " which spawned an entire genre of dark Vatican-oriented novels that imagine self-mutilating , power-grabbing monsters lurking in medieval dungeons beneath St. Peter 's Basilica . With "  Angels and Demons , " Brown had millions of readers convinced that an 18th-century group called The Illuminati was secretly pulling strings of power all over the world , the group allegedly  in Internet conspiracy canon  dominated by David Rockefeller and his pals at ... you guessed it , the Council on Foreign Relations . So it was with more than a little trepidation that I opened "  Inferno " on my Kindle . I can now report that Dan Brown has produced a silly , but interesting and provocative book , delving into biologist Paul Ehrlich 's old "  Population Bomb " ideas , synthetic biology , dual-use research , human genome alteration and even hypothetical germ line mutation of people . Perhaps Brown has grown bored with only castigating Catholicism , for he now chucks his aspersions on science . Of course it 's not realistic or accurate science , given the author 's penchant for mixing Dante 's 14th-century poem "  Inferno " with 21st-century gene sequencing . Dante 's original "  Inferno " guided readers through the most explicit journey of hell and purgatory ever committed to paper . Brown 's "  Inferno " takes a 21st-century spin through a hell of man-made microbes , pandemics and human overpopulation . The Brown hell is just close enough to the edges of biological reality to make for thriller reading . Biology as a discipline is indeed delving into human-directed evolution and creation of life forms in ways that ought to be scrutinized . And while the real work of science is not dark and genocidal , as Brown portrays , there are risks of accidental release of modified organisms and , less likely , terrorism that merit wider attention . For those who fear Brown 's version of inferno might come true , here is some spoiler-alert news from the real world . The private C-130 that "  Inferno " imagines the WHO owns , jetting about the world to stop disease , is not just a fantasy , it would be impossible . Far from affording its own jet , WHO is in deep financial straits , now facing its third year of painful budget deficits and layoffs , leaving its epidemic response division tapped-out for 2013 , Chan has told me . In Brown 's imaginings , the European Union 's version of the Centers for Disease Control has a huge secret SWAT team of hulking , fully armed , military-trained disease-fighters that swoop into countries , violating all local law with impunity , to stop epidemics . Of course there is no such team , nor does the budget-strained U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have Kevlar-wearing , Uzi-toting microbe hunters . On Brown 's version of planet Earth these disease-fighers have such limitless power that prime ministers immediately take their calls , and armies and police forces the world over are at their command . Margaret Chan might dream of having enough clout to command an obstinate national leader to cease covering up his country 's epidemic , but in truth her only tools are persuasion , bluffing and the rage of world media . Would n't it be sweet if the impoverished WHO actually did have a budget large enough to finance an agency C-130 and rapid response team ? The Kindle is switched off . Back to work at the Council on Foreign Relations , trying to create and push policies that spare populations of millions the scourges of disease , malnutrition and climate change . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Laurie Garrett .	Laurie Garrett : Evil character in Dan Brown 's "  Inferno " alarmingly close to her own job Character is biologist at Council on Foreign Relations , but similarity ends there , she says She says book silly but raises provocative issues about potentially dangerous biology Garrett : Book makes council seem nefarious , WHO well-funded
CNN  -- Detroit elected Mike Duggan mayor Tuesday . And he 's white . Of course , he has numerous qualifications for the job -- experience as a hospital CEO , county executive , former prosecutor , etc. -- but in a city where four of five residents are African-American and no Caucasian has held the city 's highest office in almost four decades , the headline is that Duggan is white . The last white mayor to take the city 's helm was former sheriff and prosecutor Roman Gribbs , who served from 1970 to 1974 . Duggan , 55 , will replace outgoing Mayor Dave Bing after defeating his opponent , Wayne County Sheriff Benny Napoleon , by a margin of 55 % to 45 % , according to CNN affiliates WXYZ and WDIV . His campaign slogan was "  Every neighborhood has a future , " and he ran on a platform of financial turnaround , crime reduction and economic development . He told the Detroit Free Press on Wednesday that his first priority will be cutting police response time . "  If you do n't feel safe in this community , people do n't want to live here and do n't want to open a business here , " he told the newspaper . He 'll have his work cut out in a city the FBI says saw 15,011 violent crimes and 386 murders last year . It also has more than 30,000 vacant buildings , WDIV reports , a telling mark of the fiscal crisis through which the city is struggling . It filed for bankruptcy in July . Duggan may have to operate through consensus until at least September , as Gov. Rick Snyder in March appointed Kevyn Orr to serve as emergency manager for at least 18 months . While Duggan told WDIV he 'd liked to "  shorten Kevyn Orr 's stay , " most of the authority in city matters lies with Orr while he 's emergency manager . Snyder has said that will be until Detroit emerges from bankruptcy and repairs its finances . Duggan 's campaign website touts his record of fiscal turnaround : As president and CEO of Detroit Medical Center , Duggan led the hospital to its first profit since 1997 ; as general manager of the SMART bus system , he eliminated the deficit and increased bus service by 50 % ; and as deputy Wayne County executive , he eliminated a $ 130 million deficit and assisted in creating 15 straight balanced budgets . The married father of two and former Wayne County prosecutor attended Detroit Catholic Central High School before graduating from the University of Michigan as an undergraduate and as a law student . Follow Eliott C. McLaughlin on Twitter : @CNNWriters	The last white mayor of Detroit was Roman Gribbs , who served from 1970 to 1974 The mayor-elect tells a newspaper his first priority will be cutting police response times FBI says there were 15,011 violent crimes , 386 homicides in Detroit last year Detroit is run by an emergency manager , whom governor appointed until September
As it continues to ramp up its efforts for the 2012 election cycle , a national umbrella organization for the tea party movement readily admits its grassroots organizing strategy is borrowed from the left 's political playbook . "  Whether they win or lose a campaign , an election , a fight of some kind -- did they come out stronger than they went in ? " is how Brendan Steinhauser , FreedomWorks ' director of state and federal campaigns , described the grassroots approach utilized by liberals . Matt Kibbe , FreedomWorks president and CEO , pointed to a strategy that was "  very consistent with all of the left 's literature on community organizing . " He attributed a specific phrase that the tea party group has adopted -- "  winning by building and building by winning " -- to the Sierra Club in the 1990s . "  I stole it from them , " he said . The strategy was a recurring theme at a recent gathering of roughly 100 conservative activists who came to Washington for a weekend of training hosted by FreedomWorks . Tea party 2.0 : Upgraded for 2012 The event opened up a window into the metamorphosis of the tea party movement -- from mass protests in 2009 into an increasingly sophisticated and coordinated political movement focused on November 's elections and beyond . To that end , FreedomWorks shared its "  triple dip " strategy of focusing on states that will be critical in winning the White House , increasing the Republican majority in the House and flipping control of the Senate into GOP hands . Although the conservative grassroots movement has had some electoral successes , it is not without its critics . Calling them "  wacky , " Sen. Mark Warner , D-Virginia , recently faulted the uncompromising views of Richard Mourdock , the tea party-backed Republican Senate nominee in Indiana who ousted longtime GOP Sen. Richard Lugar . CNN Contributor David Frum was cautious about the ability of the tea party movement to swing control of the Senate to the GOP . Frum pointed out that the Senate does n't have highly ideological districts like the House and , therefore , a GOP Senate candidate must balance appeasing conservatives during the GOP primary against the risk of losing the whole state in the general election . Frum called the tea party 's decision to back Mourdock and unseat Lugar "  a very high-risk decision " because it opens up the possibility that Democrat Joe Donnelly could win the Indiana Senate race in November . Kate Zernike , New York Times political reporter and author of "  Boiling Mad : Behind the Lines in Tea Party America , " observed that while the tea party movement might not have wielded much influence in selecting Mitt Romney as the GOP 's presumptive presidential nominee , the conservative grassroots movement has been influential in some Senate races during this election cycle . Tea party groups target Senate after presidential ` disappointments ' Specifically , Zernike noted the tea party movement 's successful effort to oust Lugar , who many conservatives in Indiana felt was too moderate , and a similarly motivated effort against longtime Utah GOP Sen. Orrin Hatch , who is facing a primary challenge from a tea-party backed candidate . "  If you look at the Indiana Senate race , " said Zernike , "  they got rid of -LSB- Sen. -RSB- Richard Lugar and in Texas they 've kept the candidacy of Ted Cruz alive ... and , of course , Orrin Hatch -LSB- is -RSB- having his fight in Utah . " Texas GOP Senate primary heads to runoff Zernike says the shift toward more targeted grassroots political activism is a natural outgrowth of the tea party movement 's success in the 2010 midterms when dozens of fiscally conservative House members were elected . Kibbe said that when armed with the right tools , the grassroots activists have the power to change the political landscape in the short - and the long-term . "  It 's all about this community of people and how connected they are and how many new people they can bring into the system , " Kibbe told CNN , "  And so every fight we fight -- and it could be a policy fight , it could be building a protest , it could be a book club , it could be a policy seminar , or it could be get-out-the-vote -- all of those things serve two purposes . One is to accomplish whatever the task is , but the other is to build organization . And we think that is the key to everything . " Kibbe added that he believes the tea party movement continues , in his view , to exceed expectations because "  you ca n't see the building of a community . You ca n't measure it until it does something . " Kibbe explained how a connected community of activists can get established and then engage in get-out-the-vote efforts . "  You literally just have to feed the machine -- give them yard signs , give them walking maps -LSB- to help in knocking on voters ' doors -RSB- , give them whatever it is that they want to do and that trumps all sorts of advantages that the establishment has . " Ohio tea party activist Ed Bell echoed Kibbe . "  Everybody 's fully engaged behind the scenes , " Bell said of the tea party movement 's efforts in this key battleground state , "  and the only way you 're going to see us is by the fruits of our work . " John B. McAvoy , another Ohio tea party activist , said the movement has gotten away from the big rallies that got so much national media attention . "  Holding up that sign -LSB- at a rally -RSB- does n't do a damn bit of good , " said McAvoy . Instead , McAvoy pulled out his smartphone and declared that "  the weapon of choice for patriots nowadays is this thing . " While Zernike observed that the tea party movement has been smart strategically in focusing on building an organization and targeting races where they can have the most effect and achieve their desired outcome , she also sounded a cautionary note about the movement 's future . Zernike pointed out that some establishment Republicans have begun to push back against the influence the grassroots movement is wielding within the GOP ; that public favorability ratings for the movement have fallen ; and that recent skirmishes over the debt ceiling have put a premium on achieving political compromise in Washington , a practice that is antithetical to the tea party movement . Mourdock was blunt about his dislike for traditional notions of bipartisan compromise . "  What I 've said about compromise and bipartisanship is I hope to build a conservative majority so bipartisanship becomes Democrats joining Republicans to roll back the size of government , reduce the bureaucracy and get America moving again , " Mourdock said last month on CNN . Jeb Bush : Reagan would n't fit in today 's GOP Zernike also said that since its genesis in 2009 and successes in the 2010 midterms , the tea party movement is maturing into an established special interest group within the GOP -- into a kind of "  MoveOn.org of the right " that works to move the GOP in a more conservative direction . Frum suggested a demographic motivation for the conservative grassroots movement -- that rather than being driven by partisanship or ideology , the tea party movement , with its older demographic , is actually acting to protect its interest in federal entitlement programs such as Social Security . As they look toward and beyond this November , the group of activists returned again and again to a model for how the grassroots conservative movement can coordinate to achieve a desired result . Longest-serving GOP senator loses primary fight After detailing the 18-month campaign to unseat Lugar that was waged by a coalition of dozens of Indiana tea party groups , Greg Fettig of Indiana had a simple message for his fellow activists : "  You unite , you 'll change the world . "	FreedomWorks pursuing grassroots strategy that aims to build long-term organization Author : Tea party movement becoming a permanent special interest group within the GOP FreedomWorks CEO : Once activists become connected , you just have to "  feed the machine " Indiana tea party activist : "  You unite , you 'll change the world "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Negative headlines about drugs and sex abuse charges greatly diminished Michael Jackson 's earning potential , an entertainment consultant said . Jackson 's album sales dropped sharply from his peak and his "  likability " rating turned dramatically negative after "  significantly negative headlines , drug abuse and other issues , " Eric Briggs testified . Briggs ' testimony in the wrongful death trial of AEG Live is intended to counter an expert hired by Jackson lawyers who concluded the pop icon would have earned another $ 1.5 billion from world tours had he not died while preparing for his comeback concerts . AEG Live placed a big bet on Jackson 's ability to sell tickets when it signed him to a three-year deal for his "  This Is It " tour . While the company worked hard to convince Jackson in 2009 to let them produce and promote the concerts , it paid Briggs more than $ 700,000 to prepare testimony for this trial questioning Jackson 's star power . In fact , AEG Live executives bragged at the time about how Jackson 's first 50 London concerts sold out in record time with enough potential buyers lined up to sell out another 50 shows . If a jury decides that AEG Live is liable for Jackson 's death , his lost earnings potential would factor into their determination of damages to be paid by the concert promoter . Michael Jackson 's drug use explored in trial Michael Jackson 's mother and three children are suing AEG Live , contending it negligently hired , retained or supervised the doctor convicted of involuntary manslaughter in his death . AEG Live lawyers argue that Jackson , not their executives , chose and controlled Dr. Conrad Murray and that they had no way of knowing about the dangerous treatments he was giving Jackson in the privacy of his bedroom . They contend the singer was so deceptive and secretive about his medical treatments and drug use that even his family did not know . To help make their case , they 'll play video of Jackson 's youngest brother Randy being questioned about it . His testimony is expected to be shown to jurors after Brigg 's testimony is concluded Wednesday . Jackson 's oldest sister Rebbie and ex-wife Debbie Rowe are also lined up to testify in the coming days . AEG Live is compelling their testimony , hoping to get revelations about Jackson 's drug use . Tuesday marks the 59th day of testimony in the trial , which the judge said could take another six weeks in a Los Angeles courtroom . MJ 's Q score Briggs testified that he studied "  Q score " data for Jackson , the trend of his album sales and his stability to conclude that Jackson had a low chance of earning money from endorsements and sponsorships . An entertainment industry analyst hired by Jackson lawyers testified he was "  reasonably certain " Jackson would have earned $ 300 million from endorsements and sponsorships . Briggs disputed the estimate , saying that while Jackson was "  a great performer " companies decide which celebrities to align their products with based on "  likability " as measured by "  Q scores . " Jackson 's "  Q score " in 1993 was in line with the average male musical performer , with about one person of every two surveyed saying they liked him , Briggs said . That was the year Jackson announced he had a problem with painkillers , and he entered rehab . His score became dramatically negative over the next decade , Briggs said . By 2006 , a year after he was acquitted in a child molestation trial , more than seven people said they disliked Jackson for every one who said they liked him , Briggs testified . Companies would be "  very anxious " about putting someone with such negative "  likability " next to their products , he said . Jackson lawyer Brian Panish will have a chance to question Briggs about his conclusions Tuesday . AEG Live exec : ` Celine Dion 's bigger than MJ '	Michael Jackson 's "  likability " plunged in his last years , expert says Damages for Jackson 's death could be based on how much he might have earned AEG Live execs bragged about how fast Jackson 's first 50 London concerts sold out Upcoming witnesses include Jackson brother Randy , sister Rebbie , ex-wife Debbie Rowe
CNN  -- A young Iranian woman named Neda is gunned down in one of the most iconic images of the last week . Another walks down the street , defiantly showing off her hair and body in a revealing dress . And still another woman says she 's not scared of paramilitary forces -- no matter how many times she gets beaten . Women have taken to the streets of Tehran . "  This shows the new face of Iran , " one expert says . "  When they want to hit me , I say hit . I have been hit so many times and this time it does n't matter . I just want to help my brothers and sisters , " says the 19-year-old woman whose identity is being withheld by CNN for her safety . Amid the clashes and chaos , there has been a recurring scene on the streets of Tehran : Women , in their scarves and traditional clothing , at the heart of the struggle . Some are seen collecting rocks for ammunition against security forces , while video showed one woman trying to protect a fallen pro-government militiaman wounded in the government crackdown . At Shiraz University , riot police clubbed women dressed in black robes . "  Do n't beat them , you bastards , " one man yells . When security forces come to attack , the 19-year-old woman protester says she looks them in the eye and asks : "  Why do you kill your brother ? Why do you hit your mother , your sisters ? " "  We all tell them , if you 're Iranian , you should n't do that to your people , to your own country 's people , " she told CNN by phone . Watch woman stand up in defiance to power " But it 's the woman known as Neda who has become the symbol of women on the front line that has galvanized opponents of the Iranian regime . In a widely circulated video , Neda is seen in the middle of protests over the weekend . She is shot and drops to the ground . Blood runs from the side of her mouth as a few people , including her music professor traveling with her , press on her chest and shout her name . One pleads , "  Do not be afraid . " The camera closes in on her face as her eyes roll back and are still . Karim Sadjadpour , an associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , said the image of Neda and other women at the protests showed the difference from the 1979 revolution . "  The iconic pictures from the revolution 30 years ago were bearded men . This shows the new face of Iran -- the young women who are the vanguards of Iran . " See images of protests " Abbas Milani , the director of Iranian Studies at Stanford University , agreed that Neda was becoming a symbol for all the women who have become involved in the turmoil that has followed the disputed election . "  She will become the image of this brutality and the role -- the truly significant role -- that women have played in fighting this regime . I think that women are the unsung heroes of the last few years . They are the ones who began chipping away the absolute authority of the mullahs . " The protests have n't just been confined to Iran 's everyday women . The daughter of former President Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani was arrested over the weekend while taking part in a protest . She was later released . In addition , Zahra Rahnavard , the wife of Mir Hossein Moussavi , whose apparent defeat in Iran 's presidential election has sparked the unprecedented demonstrations , campaigned for her husband , an unusual step in politics in Iran . Her public support of his candidacy underscored his professed support for women 's rights . Learn more about the timeline of events " And in another act of defiance , apparently from after the election , a woman who appears to be in her 20s or 30s walks down a street in Tehran , showing off her body in a revealing dress and displaying her long , curly hair . In Iran , women are forbidden to show their hair , and they must keep their bodies covered . "  Lady , is it a revolution already ? " one female driver says as she passes by . The 19-year-old demonstrator , who spoke by phone with CNN , says women are out in the streets in much larger numbers than men . She provided CNN with images of paramilitary forces on Saturday confronting protests , just before she was beaten . She says she was beaten again during protests Monday . "  The women are all together and they say , ` We 're going to stay here . ' There are so more -LSB- women -RSB- than men , " she said , referring to the number of women protesters . "  Until now , the women did n't have a chance to express themselves , to say that we are important in our country 's future . But now , they can play an important role in our freedom . It 's a good chance for us . " Is she optimistic ? "  I 'm absolutely optimistic , because history has taught me that all the revolutions start like this , " she said . "  Every revolution has violence and some people die , but nothing stays like this forever . " CNN 's Ivan Watson and Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	Recurring theme of Iranian protests : Women defiantly standing up against authority 19-year-old woman says , "  When they want to hit me , I say hit . " A young woman named Neda has become the rallying cry of protesters "  This shows the new face of Iran -- the young women who are the vanguards of Iran "
With the new trailer for "  Night at the Museum : Secret of the Tomb , " we get a glimpse of Robin Williams in one of his final roles . "  Secret of the Tomb " is the third movie in the "  Night at the Museum " franchise , and it 's one of the four completed projects Williams left behind when he died in August . The third "  Night at the Museum " sees Ben Stiller return as a night security guard at the American Museum of Natural History . This time around , the magic that helps bring all of the museum 's historical figures and creatures to life for those raucous adventures is in danger of running out . Williams starred in the family movie franchise from the start , portraying former President Theodore Roosevelt . "  Night at the Museum : Secret of the Tomb , " which also stars Owen Wilson , Ben Kingsley and Dan Stevens , opens December 19 . After that , there 's "  Avengers : Age of Ultron " and the "  Divergent " sequel "  Insurgent " to look forward to in 2015 -- and both now have new trailers . On Wednesday , eager fans were treated to an extended look at "  Avengers : Age of Ultron , " which opens May 1 . If the trailer Marvel released in October did n't give you enough chills , James Spader 's opening cackle as the psychotic villain Ultron will probably do the trick . On the "  Divergent " front , Wednesday also brought our first look at the second installment of the film series , which is adapted from Veronica Roth 's best-selling young adult books . With "  Insurgent , " Shailene Woodley 's Tris Prior is no longer learning the ropes of what it means to be in her daredevil faction . In the aftermath of the first film 's heartbreak and loss , a fugitive Tris has cut her hair down to a pixie and is clearly still fighting to defeat Kate Winslet 's cold and calculating Jeanine Matthews . If you have n't read the books , the first look at "  Insurgent " is n't going to fill in any blanks . Not to worry ; with that movie due out March 20 , there are plenty of other trailers to come .	Robin Williams ' "  Night at the Museum : Secret of the Tomb " has a new trailer The movie is one of the late actor 's final projects The clip arrived at the same time as trailers for "  Avengers : Age of Ultron " and "  Insurgent "
Washington  CNN  -- When Sarah Palin got a surprise phone call from the McCain campaign one August afternoon , asking whether she 'd like to be on the Republican presidential ticket , the then-Alaska governor did n't doubt for a moment she was ready for the challenge . "  When I got the call , it was not such a shocking call to me , " Palin told talk-show host Oprah Winfrey in a highly anticipated interview that aired Monday . "  I felt quite confident in my abilities and my executive experience and I knew that this is an executive administrative job . I was happy to get in there and contribute . " Nor was Palin deterred by the fact she had five kids at home , including an infant with special needs . "  It never occurred to me that I could n't do the job because of children , " she said . "  My children are my strength . ... They allow me to be grounded . " But what did shock Palin was just how much the campaign knew about her and her family before she even formally met with Sen. John McCain to discuss the job . Contrary to what was reported in the media , Palin said , she was extensively vetted , and the campaign knew exactly "  who they were getting . " "  After this vetting and the hours of discussion about the background , my record , my family , what I stand for ... I thought after all that I better confess it now , the one skeleton is in my closet , " Palin said . "  I did get a D 22 years ago in a college course . And I thought that was going to be the extent of the controversy in Sarah Palin 's life . " One year later , Palin has seen more than her fair share of controversies but has emerged as one of the hottest Republican stars and is among the early leaders for the 2012 presidential nomination . Her session with Oprah came a day before her already-bestseller "  Going Rogue : An American Life " will hit bookstores and Palin will hit the road on a tour of some of America 's most conservative corners . The book and concurrent publicity blitz have all the trappings of an early salvo in the upcoming race for the White House , but Palin said 2012 is n't on her radar screen . "  I am dealing with so many issues that are important ... and what I am finding , clearer and clearer every day , what I am seeing is that you do n't need a title to make a difference . " In the wide-ranging interview , few subject were left untouched , including Palin 's early and frequent clashes with the senior ranks of the McCain campaign . In what was her initial introduction to the high stakes of presidential campaigning , Palin was blindsided by the fact that McCain aides knew that her then-17-year-old daughter Bristol was pregnant , a fact that Palin had yet to disclose back in Alaska . "  I was surprised that they knew . I was surprised , too , that we did n't handle that issue , that challenge better , " she said . "  If we were given the allowance to deal with the issue in a more productive way , we could have perhaps sent a better message : This is not to be emulated . " She added , "  I did not want that message sent out that we were giddy happy to become grandparents , and that 's what that message said . " For the newly minted vice presidential candidate , that was the first sign that she was in for a rocky road with McCain 's campaign advisers . "  I rewrote it , and couple hours later it scrolled across the screen . ... There it is , the message I did n't want sent . Just a little indication about problems to come about what I would be able to say and how I would be able to speak , or not speak , my heart and my values . " The handling of her daughter 's pregnancy was only the first of a string of frustrations for Palin over the course of the campaign , during which , she said , she and her family felt like they could n't be themselves . Palin said nowhere was this made more clear than when McCain advisers forced the family to completely overhaul their wardrobe when they touched down in Minneapolis , Minnesota , for the Republican National convention in early September 2008 . "  I though this was like one of those relationships you have , when you 're young , and somebody says , ' I just love you the way that you are ; now let me change you , ' " she said . Another frustration was the campaign 's insistence that she grant repeated interviews to CBS anchor Katie Couric , after it was exceedingly clear that they were not going well . "  After the first segment , which did n't go well , I did n't do very well -- I was annoyed with her badgering of questions -- I was scheduled to do a second , then a third and then a fourth . ... I know that there were hours of tape that were shot , and I would think that those few minutes that were edited together ... and shown to the American public , if people only know me from that interview , -LSB- they would think -RSB- that I was not qualified , " she said . But the ultimate showdown with McCain aides came on election night , Palin said , when she was prevented from delivering a concession speech before McCain took the stage . "  I was disappointed that the explanation I was given that ... VP candidates never give a speech on election night . That was false because I have seen it happen . In fact four years prior , of course , that had happened . " Ultimately , however , Palin said she thinks that even if she had been allowed to be more herself on the campaign trail , it is likely the GOP presidential ticket would have lost . "  The reason that we lost : The economy changed under a Republican administration , " Palin said . "  People were sincerely looking for change . They were quite concerned about the road that America was on with its economy . They did not want more of the same . They did not want status quo . And I think , unfortunately , our ticket represented what was perceived as status quo . " But since the campaign came to end one year ago -- and with it McCain advisers ' influence over Palin -- she has become more controversial , especially after she abruptly resigned as Alaska 's governor over the summer . "  I resigned as governor of Alaska because I was n't going to run for a second term , and I was heading into a lame duck term , " Palin said of that decision , which shocked political observers . "  We came back -LSB- from the campaign -RSB- to a new normal in Alaska . Everything had so changed in my administration , " Palin continued . "  There were so many opposition researchers up there in Alaska that were sent , probably , by the Obama camp . ... It was a point where my state of Alaska was being hampered by my presence there . " Ultimately though , Palin made clear the move was n't so much an end as it was a beginning . "  My dad 's quote sums it up better than I sum it up , " she said . " ` She 's not retreating ; she 's reloading . ' " CNN 's Mike Roselli contributed to this report .	Palin says she thought a bad grade years ago would be extent of controversy Palin 's interview with Oprah Winfrey comes a day before her book hits The way campaign handled Bristol 's pregnancy was first in string of frustrations for Palin Ticket lost because economy changed under GOP administration , Palin says
For anyone who has experienced the brutality of a bully , a blunt-talking mayor in California with a horseshoe mustache now weighs in with this bit of wisdom : "  Grow a pair . " Looking and talking like an Old West figure , Mayor Cameron Hamilton made his declaration while on the dais of the Porterville City Council last week . "  I 'm against bullying , but I 'm getting damn tired of it being used as a mantra for everything and the ills of the world , " Hamilton said during the City Council meeting . "  Most  people just have to grow a pair and stick up for them damn selves . " Hamilton imparted his advice while discussing a proposal to create an anti-bullying safe zone for students . His remark immediately ricocheted around the council chambers -- and , in subsequent days , around the country . Councilwoman Virginia Gurrola immediately challenged the mayor . "  It 's hard to just grow a pair when you 're a 10-year-old girl , " Gurrola shot back . The councilwoman 's retort was just the beginning of how the mayor 's tough-talking comments have roiled many people nationwide , especially advocates of bullying prevention . What 's bullying Indeed , in the past few years , a robust debate has been unfolding about what is -- and is n't -- bullying . Sponsors of National Bullying Prevention Month say it 's wrong to view bullying as "  a childhood rite of passage " and something to make "  kids tougher . " In fact , bullying can be a traumatic experience , causing school avoidance , anxiety , depression and loss of self-esteem . Some researchers , however , say "  bullying " has been misused and misstated in recent years -- recklessly assigned to describe mere slights , teasing or inevitable growing pains in childhood relationships . The bald , cigar-smoking Hamilton seemed a little wounded this week by the resulting controversy , but he was n't backing down . He has also received some hate e-mail . "  Of course , I wish I would have put it a little different , a little less colorful , but let 's not lose track of what the message is , " Hamilton said in a CNN interview . Watch Hamilton speak about the controversy "  We 're starting to define any action that is a little bit controversial as bullying , " he continued . "  We 're not addressing the fact that the students are running to or running from  something  or never allowed through the zero-tolerance policies of the schools to actually stand up for themselves . "  The one I worry about the most is physical intimidation , and that 's certainly not advocating that we meet violence with violence , " he said . "  But if somebody puts their hands on you , it 's up to you and your friends to put a stop to this . " People should "  just tell the bully we 're not going to put up with this , " he said . Raising two grandchildren Hamilton has been raising two grandchildren for 10 years because he lost his daughter in a wreck . "  I guarantee I 'm not raising them to be whiny , " Hamilton said . But he 's frustrated with school policies that do n't allow bullied pupils to stand up for themselves , he said . His grandson came home from school a month ago after he and another boy had a tussle . In fact , the principal called Hamilton about the incident . "  I asked my grandson afterwards , what 'd you do about it ? " Hamilton said . "  I did n't do anything , " the grandson told him , according to Hamilton . "  Why ? " Hamilton said . "  Because I 'll get in trouble , " the grandson told him . Hamilton expressed exasperation -- and blamed zero-tolerance zones in school as a big part of the problem . Those zones empower bullies , Hamilton said . "  How do you have a safe zone when the schools are telling the kids to stand down and not really holding the bully accountable ? " Hamilton said . "  They do n't expel them or do n't suspend them . They have them come back to class , and you 're brought back in the same environment . " When Hamilton was in 7th grade , he was bullied by "  a guy that kept pullin ' a knife on me , " he said . "  I made up excuses not to go to school . ... I did n't tell my mom and dad what was going on , did n't tell my friends cause I did n't want them to think I was afraid of this guy , " Hamilton said . "  Finally it came to a head . I dropped him like a rag doll . Everything was cool again , " he said . Hate mail Hamilton acknowledged he 's receiving a lot of e-mail excoriating him . "  I could show you e-mails right now that would blow your mind , " he said . One e-mail was profane and condemning , but Hamilton read it aloud in a CNN interview . "  Hey there mayor ... Just reading this makes me want to throw up in my mouth , " the e-mail read , according to Hamilton . "  You have no idea what it 's like to be bullied . You have no idea what it takes for a 10-year-old to stand up to someone who is picking on them . And you have no idea how much bad press you bring on Porterville . That town is a backwards bastion for bigotry , and you made it worse by becoming mayor . " Among experts taking exception with Hamilton is Simone Bienne , a British human behaviorist and therapist who appears on U.S. television programs . "  I would like to say that the mayor is actually coming off as a bully , " Bienne said . "  You can very easily say ` I 'm against bullying , ' but then blame the people , the victims who were being bullied and say grow a pair . "  What does that actually mean ? Be braver and you wo n't get bullied ? I do n't think that 's how bullying works , " Bienne said . "  If we put responsibility on children to do an adult 's job , or to do a politician 's job or to do a teacher 's job , then what we are basically doing is asking children -- children ! -- to be adults . "	Mayor is raising his two grandchildren not to be ` whiny ' His daughter died in a wreck 10 years ago Mayor Cameron Hamilton is now receiving hate e-mail Porterville , California , mayor says at meeting that the bullied should stick up for themselves
New York  CNN  -- The parents of a missing Virginia college student plan to travel to New York on Thursday to assist in his search . Ian Hunter Burnet , a 22-year-old Virginia Commonwealth University student , went missing days after arriving in New York City to celebrate New Year 's Eve , authorities said . Burnet left Richmond on a bus bound for New York on December 26 , according to his father , Mark . He planned to stay with a fellow college student and her friend in an apartment in Harlem , his father said . "  He went up just to have a post-Christmas tourist visit to New York City and celebrate New Year 's Eve . He was intending to have a short time there and then return back to Virginia , " the father said . According to Burnet 's father , Burnet and a friend had made plans to hang out together back in Virginia on January 2 , but Burnet never made it back . The last communication he had with his son was December 28 . "  I received a routine type of text talking about touring in New York , " he said . Some other news outlets have reported that Burnet told friends he was not having a good time in New York , but his father said that was something he had not heard . "  I wish I knew more , " he said , "  If I did , I might be able to understand what happened . " What investigators do know is that the friends with whom Burnet was staying say they last heard from him on December 30 . "  Ian was communicating via text with them and the last bit of information that we had was that he was just stepping out to go out for the evening . And we do n't have any information other than that , " the father said . "  It 's very frustrating , " said New Kent County Sheriff Farrar W. Howard , whose Virginia office is leading the investigation in conjunction with Virginia State Police and the New York City Police Department . "  Nobody has seen him since the 30th . " Burnet 's father said that his son , who graduated as valedictorian from New Kent County High School and was on a full scholarship to study engineering , was looking forward to classes starting back on January 17 . He said Burnet had lived on his own for years , was independent and would have no reason to simply run away . Authorities retrieved Burnet 's phone at the apartment where he was staying , but for Burnet to be without his phone is not uncommon , according to his father . "  He did n't really like talking on the phone . He would send texts and surf the Web , but he did n't like to carry a lot of valuables on his person , " the father said . Authorities say Burnet did take his driver 's license and credit cards with him the last time he left the Harlem apartment . "  Who knows what 's going through a 22-year-old 's head ? " the father said . "  But he would not want us to worry . If he was out there , he would get in touch with us . "	Ian Hunter Burnet , 22 , left Virginia to celebrate New Year 's Eve in New York He stayed with friends in Harlem , who last heard from him December 30 His parents have set up a Facebook page asking for information Ian Burnet is 5 feet , 10 inches and weighs 160 pounds ; he has brown hair , green eyes
CNN  -- Secretary of State John Kerry closed a trip to the Middle East saying countries "  in the region " and "  outside the region " are prepared to engage in military assistance against ISIS and "  in actual strikes if that is what it requires . " Critics have said Kerry 's efforts to build an international coalition of Arab and European nations to fight ISIS were struggling . In an interview taped Saturday in Cairo , Egypt , that aired on CBS ' "  Face The Nation " Sunday , Kerry said some nations "  are clearly prepared to take action in the air alongside the United States and to do airstrikes , if that 's what they 're called on to do , " but did not get more specific . Separately , a U.S. official traveling with Kerry told reporters , "  There have been offers to  U.S. Central Command  from Arab countries willing to take more kinetic actions , " according to a pool report . On CBS , Kerry admitted that airstrikes alone will not solve the challenge of defeating ISIS , but he reiterated the administration 's stance that there is no plan to put troops on the ground outside of local Iraqi forces and Syrian rebel groups . "  Well , we 're not looking to put troops on the ground . There are some  nations  who have offered to do so , but we are not looking for that at this moment anyway , " Kerry said . Integral to the White House strategy is an effort to train and equip Syrian rebel forces . On CNN 's "  State of the Union , " White House chief of staff Denis McDonough said : "  We have had a relationship with these fighters now for a couple of years . They 're getting better and more capable . And what 's most important here is that the Syrian opposition on the ground fighting ISIL can count on American and coalition airpower to supercharge their effort . That 's important and that 's ultimately going to be what is called for in this strategy . " ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , is also known by the acronym ISIL . Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham , who advocates using U.S. special forces if needed to fight ISIS , was harshly critical of the Obama administration on "  Fox News Sunday . " "  I will not let this president suggest to the American people we can outsource our security . And this is not about our safety -- there is no way in hell you can form an army on the ground to go into Syria to destroy ISIL without a substantial American component , " Graham said . "  This is a turning point in the war on terror . We are fighting a terrorist army , not an organization , " Graham said . "  It 's going to take an army to beat an army , and this idea that we 'll never have any boots on the ground to defeat them in Syria is fantasy . " "  This president needs to rise to the occasion before we all get killed back here at home , " Graham said . Kerry seeks Egypt 's support for building coalition against ISIS How foreign fighters are swelling ISIS ranks	Countries inside and outside the region are willing to aid in strikes against ISIS , Kerry said Kerry admitted that airstrikes alone will not solve the challenge of defeating ISIS "  We 're not looking to put troops on the ground , " Kerry said
Sorry , no Chinese researchers allowed ! Oh wait , seems like that was a misunderstanding . Please do come . NASA 's management apparently misinterpreted a security law when it barred Chinese researchers from attending the space agency 's Kepler Science Conference in November , China 's state-run Xinhua news agency reported Sunday . Xinhua said NASA sent a letter to Chinese scientists inviting them back and cited excerpts from the letter . NASA did not immediately respond to a request for comment early Sunday morning . The confusion apparently stemmed from a U.S. law passed in 2011 that prevents NASA funds from being used to collaborate with China or to host Chinese visitors at its facilities . NASA had announced that Chinese nationals would not be allowed to attend the conference for NASA 's Kepler space telescope program at the Ames Research Center due to national security . The space telescope has been searching for planets outside of our solar system . Earlier this month , China slammed NASA for its decision to ban Chinese scholars from the conference , calling it "  discriminatory . " Gong Li , an official with the Party School of the China Central Committee 's Communist party , said the ban was similar to previous U.S. action against the former Soviet Union during the Cold War . He said it also illustrated U.S. fear of China 's fast development . NASA did n't release an official statement on its website due to the U.S. government 's partial shutdown earlier this month . But some U.S. scientists joined in decrying the decision and called for a boycott of the conference . "  In good conscience , I can not attend a meeting that discriminates in this way . The meeting is about planets located trillions of miles away , with no national security implications , " Geoff Marcy , an astronomy professor at the University of California , Berkeley , wrote in an e-mail to the organizers . ` Inaccuracies ' U.S. Republican Rep. Frank Wolf , who drafted the 2011 law , issued a statement on his website that sought to correct "  inaccuracies " about the restrictions first reported by Britain 's Guardian newspaper . "  I was concerned to read an October 4 article in The Guardian that reported on poor guidance about these policies with regard to restrictions on Chinese nationals attending a conference next month at NASA Ames Research Center . Unfortunately , the article is riddled with inaccuracies , as is , it appears , the guidance provided by NASA Ames staff to the attendees , " Wolf wrote . "  As you know , the congressional provision -- which has been in place since early 2011 -- primarily restricts bilateral , not multilateral , meetings and activities with the Communist Chinese government or Chinese-owned companies . It places no restrictions on activities involving individual Chinese nationals unless those nationals are acting as official representatives of the Chinese government . " Security fears Wolf said NASA officials may have believed the decision was needed because of extra temporary restrictions on foreign nationals after a potential security breach by a Chinese citizen at a NASA facility earlier this year . In March this year , a Chinese aerospace contractor who worked for NASA was arrested at Washington 's Dulles International Airport as he boarded a flight to Beijing . Bo Jiang , who worked at NASA 's Langley 's Research Center in Hampton , Virginia , was charged with making false statements to U.S. authorities by failing to disclose all of the electronic devices he was carrying on his one-way flight . Wolf , who oversees congressional funding of several agencies , told reporters in March he believed Jiang was spying and had access to highly sensitive documents , including source codes for high-tech imaging used in missiles , unmanned aerospace equipment and other technology desired by the Chinese government .	NASA had barred from Chinese researchers from next month 's Kepler science conference Xinhua : NASA management apparently misinterpreted a 2011 U.S. security law The law prevents NASA funds from being used to collaborate with China
CNN  FIFA presidential hopeful Luis Figo is selling , but can he tempt 209 football federations to buy into his campaign to topple Sepp Blatter ? The Portuguese great outlined an eye catching $ 3.5 billion giveaway as he seeks to build a base to challenge Blatter in the May election . Figo 's "  For Football Manifesto " promised that 50 % of FIFA 's revenues -- $ 2.5 billion -- would be handed to the national associations over four years to help fund global grassroots football development . The former Barcelona and Real Madrid star also wants to redistribute $ 1 billion of FIFA 's $ 1.5 billion reserves to the member associations . "  After many conversations with football leaders , one of the consistent themes fed back to me is the way FIFA currently distributes revenues to its member associations is very inefficient and ineffective -- especially for developing football across all associations , " said Figo at a media conference to launch his campaign at Wembley Stadium . "  FIFA belongs to its member associations and it is only natural that FIFA 's revenues and reserves are distributed back to them directly . "  The impact of my proposals would mean between $ 8m - $ 10m being distributed to each member association across a four-year period . " "  If done in the right way , with a clearly defined strategy that is centrally audited and monitored , this investment will radically enhance football opportunities for boys and girls and directly benefit all of FIFA 's 209 Member Associations . " Having dealt with FIFA 's finances , Figo faced questioning over his knowledge of the world governing body 's executive committee members . Asked to name the 25 committee members he came up with four names -- haltingly . Moving on , Figo floated the idea of expanding the World Cup to 48 teams in a bid to include more countries outside of Europe . Currently there are 32 teams that compete in the international extravaganza but Figo believes an extra three or four days of play would allow more nations to be accommodated . "  By increasing the number of teams participating in the World Cup , we not only make sure that we include more countries from across the world , but also enable FIFA to raise significant increased revenues that can be used to invest in the growth of the game globally . As for the game itself he wants to put an end to "  triple punishments , " trial out sin bins for unsporting behavior , and revert to the old offside rule -- where players are judged offside whether directly involved in play or not . Ethical issues arguably have been a bit of minefield for FIFA in recent years and Figo pledged to "  lead by example , with the highest ethical and moral standards . " He 's up against Jordanian Prince Ali Bin-Al Hussein who is using the same campaign company -- Vero Communications -- which also works for UEFA , the European confederation within FIFA . "  All I can say is thank God in my life I have had a successful career ... I can stand on my own two feet , " said Figo , who is funding his campaign out of his own pocket .	Luis Figo plans to give national and member states $ 3.5 billion of FIFA 's funds to help grassroots developments The presidential candidate wants to increase the number of teams competing in the World Cup to 48 If successful he would also like to see some changes to game rules
CNN  -- It 's a bromance we never saw coming : Paul Simon and Sting will embark on a tour of North America together early next year . The two , who spilled the news to The New York Times ahead of Tuesday 's official announcement , show plenty of chemistry in the article , teasing each other and fondly recalling their first gig together , at a fundraiser this spring for the Robin Hood Foundation . "  After we finished -LSB- the set -RSB- , " Simon tells the Times , "  we both looked at each other and said : ` Wow . That 's pretty interesting . ' " "  Paul Simon and Sting : On Stage Together " will kick off in February , and feature the two playing their hits in combination and on their own . Tickets go on sale a week from Tuesday . See the original story at EW .	Paul Simon and Sting announce a tour of North America It will kick off in early 2014 Tickets go on sale soon
EW.com  -- Safe to say Ellen DeGeneres has won this round . After conservative Christian group One Million Moms railed against J.C. Penney for hiring the lesbian talk-show host as a spokesperson , DeGeneres addressed them on her show , quipping , "  Not that there 's anyone counting , but for a group that calls themselves the Million Moms , they only have 40,000 members on their page . "  J.C. Penney stood by DeGeneres , and even conservative TV host Bill O'Reilly voiced his support for the comedian . Now Facebook fans have validated the retailer for sticking to their guns . Since yesterday , a group called 1 Million People Who Support Ellen for J.C. Penney has popped up , far surpassing the support of One Million Moms ` Facebook "  Likes "  now 42,634  . As of press time , 1 Million People has 80,244 members and gaining . According to founder Cathie Winter Miller , the group only had 38 "  Likes " yesterday , and a recent check of the group 's page showed pages upon pages of Team Ellen comments in the last 20 minutes alone . Are you heartened to see the Moms ' negative campaign was met by overwhelming positivity for one of the country 's favorite TV personalities ? Do you think One Million Moms will make anything of this surge of support for Ellen ? See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	One Million Moms railed against J.C. Penney for hiring Ellen DeGeneres J.C. Penney stood by DeGeneres 1 Million People Who Support Ellen for J.C. Penney surpasses One Million Moms
CNN  -- Hundreds of secret files from the Argentinean dictatorship have been uncovered , including "  blacklists " that singled out more than 300 artists , actors and writers . Among those the military junta deemed "  dangerous " : novelist Julio Cortazar , singer Mercedes Sosa and actress Norma Aleandro . These three , for example , spent the dictatorship years abroad : Sosa and Aleandro in exile and Cortazar in France . These cultural figures were categorized as "  F1 " to "  F4 , " corresponding to their perceived risk to the state , Defense Minister Agustin Rossi said Monday when he unveiled the findings . Those labeled F1 were considered low-risk , and F4s were those seen as most dangerous to the dictatorship . The works of these artists were banned or censored during the dictatorship , from 1976 to 1983 . Up to 30,000 students , labor leaders , intellectuals and leftists who ran afoul of the dictatorship because of their political views disappeared or were held in secret jails and torture centers during the so-called Dirty War . The documents -- 1,500 in total -- are all from the secret files of the military junta , Rossi said . The files were found in the basement of the building that houses the air force headquarters , Rossi said , according to the state-run Telam news agency . The files have "  historical and judicial " value , Rossi told a radio station Tuesday . "  Thirty years since the return to democracy , there may still exist documentation that can be useful " to reconstruct details from the dictatorship , he said . Hebe de Bonafini of the human rights group Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo gave credit to the military for finding the documents and making their existence known . "  There will be things that we know and things that we wo n't , but the important things is that there are 1,500 unexpected files that come at an unexpected moment , " she told Telam .	1,500 files from the Argentine dictatorship were uncovered The files include blacklists of some cultural icons Human rights groups say there is still a lot of work to do
CNN  -- Nearly 800 dogs were rescued by a Chinese animal protection group last Saturday night in the city of Zigong , in southwest Sichuan province . The Qiming Center , an animal-rights protection group in Sichuan , pulled off the rescue . Last Friday night , a volunteer tipped off the group that hundreds of caged dogs were being loaded onto trucks in Zigong and headed to various restaurants in Southern Guangxi province . The group dispatched a team of five to block the dog-trader while they posted microblogs online calling for help from animal-loving citizens . After a standoff and negotiation , the group agreed to pay the dog trader 83,000 yuan  $ 13,000  to secure the caged dogs ' freedom , said Qiming president Qiao Wei . "  It 's a compromise we took in an effort to let the dogs free -- they are visibly suffering for being packed in small cages with very limited space . We spent hours negotiating with the trader , " Qiao told CNN in a phone interview . "  Finally with the help of local government he was willing to hand over the dogs in exchange for 83,000 yuan -- 60,000 for personal compensation , another 20,000 for cages that we lack . " Qiming volunteers are now helping settle down the dogs , according to state-run media . Dog meat has long been a popular dish in certain regions of China . But over time this cultural and culinary tradition is getting more and more unpopular , as international and Chinese animal protection organizations increase pressure against the dog meat trade . China 's attitudes on pets , palates change Most dogs rescued Saturday were severely dehydrated . Rescuers photographed and registered the dogs before tending to their health . "  It 's a costly work but workers at the center are trying their best to take care of the dogs . Since their arrival , only one dog has died due to respiration system failure , " Qiao told CNN Ms Teng , a Qiming Center employee , said four full-time staff have been working round the clock . On the center 's official blog , the group frequently updates the dogs ' latest conditions and solicits donations or voluntary assistance from animal lovers . "  Some dogs were stolen , and now their owners come to us to take back their pets . Many would leave with a certain amount of money as appreciation for our work , " Teng told CNN . "  Once we 've finished the health check up procedures , we 'll start helping the dogs find new homes . " Teng says through the rescue she and her fellow volunteers hope to send the general public one message : "  No trading , no killing . " Meanwhile , dog trading remains rife in certain regions in China due to lack of a national law on animal welfare and protection . "  A major part of our work is proposing drafts of laws and regulations under which the government can effectively punish this kind of behavior , " Qiao added . "  Now we can only tackle the traders one at a time , and can hardly tell whether they 'll go back to the business again . " In April 520 dogs were saved from dinner table by Chinese animal-rights activists who stopped a truck carrying them in cages on a highway near Beijing . A 15-hour standoff between volunteers and the trader caused a temporary shut-down of nearby exits , until an agreement was reached . The truck driver let the dogs free for 115,000 yuan . The incident stirred online discussions about how far activists should go in protecting animal rights -- a concept still under debate in China .	Nearly 800 dogs were rescued by a Chinese animal protection group The caged dogs were headed to slaughter for dog meat restaurants Dog meat is a popular dish in certain regions of China , but now under attack In April 520 dogs were saved from dinner table by Chinese animal-rights activists
CNN  Late one night on Facebook , a girl with cystic fibrosis messaged a boy with cystic fibrosis , and both their lives were changed forever . The girl , Katie Donovan , read that the boy , Dalton Prager , was very sick . "  If you ever need a friend to talk to , you can reach out to me , " she wrote . "  Sorry , but do I know you ? " he responded . No , you do n't , Katie wrote back , and told Dalton a bit about herself . Like him , she was 18 , and "  my breathing is pretty crappy and I see you are in the hospital . I 'm sorry . I know it sucks ! ... But you just got ta stay strong . " Messages between the two flew back and forth . They realized they were falling in love . For most other couples , the next step would be to meet in person . But for Katie and Dalton , that was complicated -- and dangerous . Cystic fibrosis patients should n't be near each other because they can share infections that could cripple their already fragile lungs . Dr. Michael Anstead at the University of Kentucky , Katie 's pulmonologist since she was a little girl , had lectured her many times that face-to-face meetings with other CF patients were a bad idea . In their online conversations , one of the first things Dalton told Katie about himself was that he had Burkholderia cepacia , a horribly dangerous infection for people with CF. "  I was like , ` Hi , I 'm Dalton from Missouri and I have Burkholderia cepacia , ' because it 's such a big deal in the CF community , " he remembers . "  I left the decision about whether we should meet up completely up to her . " Katie listened to her heart , even if it might hurt her lungs . She asked Dalton to come visit her in Flemingsburg , Kentucky . "  I told Dalton I 'd rather be happy -- like really , really happy -- for five years of my life and die sooner than be mediocre happy and live for twenty years , " Katie says . "  That was definitely something I had to think about , but when you have those feelings , you just know . " So on August 28 , 2009 , Dalton drove more than six hours from St. Charles , Missouri , to Katie 's hometown in Flemingsburg , Kentucky , where they 'd arranged to meet at the Dairy Queen . At 7:10 pm -- they remember the time precisely -- Katie got out of her car and saw Dalton leaning against a brick wall looking cool and handsome in his sunglasses . "  My heart was racing , but I just went right up to him and hugged and kissed him on the mouth without even saying hello , " she remembers . "  I 'm usually not that kind of girl , but it just felt so right . " Katie took Dalton and his mother , Renee , who 'd made the trip with him , to have dinner with her and her parents , Debbie and John Donovan . Later the young couple drove around Flemingsburg , and Dalton gave her a necklace for her nineteenth birthday , which was two days before . Their health quickly deteriorated , and within months , the new husband and wife went on oxygen full time . Too ill to work , Dalton quit his job at his family 's auto repair shop , and Katie quit hers as a store clerk . In August , 2014 , the couple entered the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center together to wait for new lungs . Dalton 's came first , and on November 17 , he had his transplant . Despite his Burkholderia cepacia , which makes transplants more complicated , it was a success . "  I was so thrilled . I was so happy for him , " Katie says . The month after Dalton 's surgery , UPMC discharged Katie -- she says they told her it would be psychologically good for her to get out for a while . When she had serious trouble breathing three days later she tried to get back into the hospital , but UPMC informed her she 'd used up her supply of Medicare days and would n't accept her . Medicare -- the federal insurance program for the elderly and for anyone with disabilities -- would n't pay for another hospitalization until Katie had been out of the hospital for sixty days . But Katie was too sick to stay out of the hospital for six days , much less sixty . So Katie relied on Medicaid , public insurance that was supplied by her home state of Kentucky . She was admitted to the University of Kentucky Hospital , where she was cared for by Anstead , her beloved pulmonologist . But then , another hurdle . Anstead explained that most lung transplant centers , including the two in Kentucky , do n't do transplants on patients with Burkholderia cepacia , referring them to larger centers like UPMC that have more experience with such complicated cases . Katie and Dalton , now 24 and 23 , were desperate . Her doctors predicted she would n't live a year without new lungs . Going on her husband 's private insurance was n't an option , since Dalton is on his father 's policy . In February , Anstead wrote a letter to Medicaid , pleading with them to make an exception and pay for Katie 's care at UPMC , even though it was out of state . Kentucky Medicaid denied his plea , and that 's when the squabbling began . In a statement to CNN , a spokeswoman for the Kentucky Cabinet for Health and Family Services pointed the finger at UPMC , saying the medical center had declined to enroll as a Kentucky Medicaid provider . "  Medicaid policies allow for a simplified enrollment process for out-of-state providers in such situations , " wrote the spokeswoman , Gwenda Bond . "  Should UPMC reverse its decision and choose to enroll as a Kentucky Medicaid provider , the Department for Medicaid Services ... will be happy to expedite their application . " UPMC counters that Kentucky Medicaid told them that if they want to care for Katie , they would have to sign up hundreds of their doctors to accept Kentucky Medicaid patients . While UPMC spokeswoman Wendy Zellner did n't elaborate , a hospital might be loathe to sign up for large-scale coverage of out-of-state Medicaid patients as payments under such programs are typically very low . Asking for hundreds of doctors to sign up to take Kentucky Medicaid is "  an unusually restrictive approach and contrary to single-case agreements that we have signed with other state Medicaid programs , " Zellner wrote . "  UPMC wants to help Katie , and our physicians and staff have done everything possible to make that happen ... It is up to Kentucky Medicaid to address this situation . " Today , Katie waits in limbo in her hospital bed , hoping that the three parties -- Medicare , Medicaid , and UPMC -- will work things out so she can get her new lungs . "  I feel like they 're putting a dollar sign on my life , " she says . "  I do n't want to die because of money . That 's stupid . Nobody should have to do that . " If Katie does n't get her transplant , not only will she die , but she 'll never be near her husband again because of the risk that she could give him her infection , which could be deadly for him as he 's on drugs to suppress his immune system . As a result of inquiries from CNN , on Wednesday Aaron Albright , the director of the media relations group at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services arranged for a caseworker to call Katie at the hospital . But it did n't go very well . Katie says the caller , who identified herself as Pat Pierorazio , was "  rude , mean , and angry . " "  She said someone had told her to call me , and she acted like it was just a pain to have to be talking to me , " she says . Katie says the Medicare representative told her she would look into her situation . In a statement , Albright with CMS wrote to CNN : "  We are working quickly to fully understand this difficult and complex situation so that this patient can get the care she needs . CMS is reaching out to the state agency to find a solution as soon as possible . " Caught in the middle between the hospital and insurance , Katie tries to stay strong , just as she advised her husband to do nearly six years ago in their first Facebook conversation . Skyping with Dalton helps , and raising money on their Facebook page keeps her mind busy . And she 's always thinking about their "  after transplant bucket list , " which they keep in a safe in their house so it wo n't be destroyed by fire or flood . On the list : Drive through every state . Learn another language and visit a country where they speak it . Write a book together about their love story . They have simpler dreams as well . Like going grocery shopping together , or sitting side by side on the couch to watch television . And this is their biggest goal : "  I just want to make it to see our four year anniversary in July and be able to hold hands and just hug . That 's all I really want -- to be able to hug my husband on our fourth anniversary , " she says . Wednesday afternoon , there were signs of hope . Zeller , the UPMC spokeswoman , sent an email to CNN . "  Ky Medicaid has reached out to us to talk . So stay tuned , " she wrote . Katie and Dalton were glad to hear it . "  I do n't care what I have to do to get her lungs , " Dalton said . "  I will just keep trying until there 's nothing left to try . "	Katie and Dalton met as patients dealing with cystic fibrosis Two years later , they were married Dalton received a lung transplant , but Katie is still waiting
CNN  -- The mother of a 17-year-old Rochester , New York , high school student who vanished over the weekend on spring break in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , says she did not give her daughter permission to go on the trip . Brittanee Marie Drexel 's mom says she thought she was at the beach in New York , not South Carolina . In an appearance on HLN 's Nancy Grace , Dawn Drexel said her daughter , Brittanee Marie Drexel , has never run away . Drexel said the high school junior stayed in touch with her by phone , and she last spoke with Brittanee on Saturday afternoon . "  I asked her what she was doing and she says ` Oh , mom , I 'm at the beach . ' And it was an 80-degree day in Rochester so , of course , I thought maybe she was at the beach in Rochester with one of her girlfriends that she had said she was staying overnight , " Drexel said . Watch mom describe daughter 's last call " Drexel said she asked Brittanee to call her later and the girl agreed . "  I said , ' I love you , Brittanee ' and she says , ' I love you , mom . ' And then we hung up the phone . " Brittanee is believed to have last been seen Saturday evening , though an unconfirmed sighting may have placed her at a restaurant on Sunday . She was staying with friends at the Bar Harbor Hotel on North Ocean Boulevard , according to police reports .	Brittanee Drexel disappears on trip to Myrtle Beach , South Carolina Mom says she spoke to daughter but did n't know she was out of state Brittanee is believed to have last been seen Saturday evening
Buenos Aires , Argentina  CNN  -- Four people died , two are missing and 110 were injured when a tornado struck Thursday afternoon in northern Argentina , near the border with Paraguay , the state-run Telam news agency reported Friday . Killed in the tornado were a 1-year-old child , two women ages 19 and 28 , and a person 87-years-old , Telam said . The twister touched down in the town of Pozo del Tigre , the news agency said . Ten of the injured were in grave condition , Telam said . Victims mostly suffered blows to the head , fractured limbs and internal injuries , said provincial health minister Anibal Gomez . About 70 to 80 percent of the town of 10,000 people was left without electricity and cell phone service , Telam said . Information on damage to nearby communities , which also have been hit hard by rain , was unavailable early Friday , the news agency said . Pozo del Tigre residents with damaged homes were housed in schools , a church property and a children 's park , according to Telam .	NEW : Most of the town of Pozo del Tigre was left without electricity or cell phone service The dead included a 1-year-old child and an 87-year-old Ten of the injured are in grave condition , officials said The injured suffered blows to the head , fractured limbs and internal injuries
CNN  -- A U.S. Marine reservist who has been held in a Mexican prison for more than six months on a weapons charge is "  highly despondent " and his mental health has dramatically deteriorated in recent days , his mother said . Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi is currently in the El Hongo Penitentiary in Tecate , Mexico , where he was transferred after allegations of torture at the prison where he was first incarcerated . While his family says cell conditions have improved , Tahmooressi 's communication with the outside world has been limited in the last week after the prison phone he was using to talk to friends and family broke , limiting his contact , his mother Jill Tahmooressi told CNN . Meanwhile , over the last six months his court case has dragged on and been unpredictable , with no certainty or timetable for his release . "  He is lacking confidence that this will end soon and expeditiously , " his mother told CNN in an exclusive phone interview . "  All we have ever asked for is an expeditious due process since he is a current Marine under contract until 2016 . And the merits of the case surely point to accidental entry . " Tahmooressi was arrested March 31 at a Tijuana , Mexico , checkpoint after Mexican customs agents found three firearms in his truck , including a .45 - caliber pistol , a pump shotgun and an AR-15 rifle . Mexico 's strict federal gun laws prohibit anyone illegally bringing weapons into the country . Since his arrest , Tahmooressi has maintained that he took a wrong turn on the California side of the border into Tijuana . His mother told CNN in May that Tahmooressi , who served in Afghanistan , had moved to the San Ysidro , California , area to get treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder . "  He has unresolved , or untreated PTSD , and he can not get the cognitive therapy behavior that veterans of America receive ... in a Mexico jail , where there is no such thing , " his mother told CNN . "  He 's highly discouraged there is no light at the end of the tunnel . " Opinion : Should Marine be in Mexican prison ? Doubts about his story The day of his arrest , Tahmooreesi spent the day in Mexico hanging out with other Marines . He also rented a hotel in Tijuana where he had spent the previous night , he told CNN in an interview this summer . That detail has led some to doubt his story , including some in the State Department , who believe instead that he intended to cross into Mexico the day of his arrest , a State Department source told CNN . Tahmooressi 's mother called any doubt about her son 's story "  highly concerning " and said , "  There is not one piece of evidence brought forward by the prosecution that would substantiate an intentional entry . " When asked by CNN , a State Department official did not respond to the question of doubt , but did release a statement . "  We continue to provide extensive consular assistance to Mr. Tahmooressi , and will do so until his case is resolved , " it said . "  Consular officers have visited Mr. Tahmooressi 20 times since his arrest on March 31 . While we wo n't go into detail about our private diplomatic discussions on this case , U.S. officials , including the Secretary , have talked to Mexican officials at the highest levels regarding Mr. Tahmooressi 's case . " The statement closed by saying , "  We would like to point out that the Mexican authorities have been extremely accommodating and willing to engage on this issue . " Fueling speculation of wrongdoing , Alejandro Gonzalez Guilbot , the director of the Tijuana checkpoint , told Mexican media in June that border agents gave Tahmooressi a chance to surrender his weapons and return to the United States without incident . "  Never , and I want to say this categorically , never did he say that he had made a mistake , " Gonzalez was quoted as saying . "  He never said , ' I got lost . ' He never said , ' I am a Marine . ' " Tahmooressi told CNN in a phone interview from jail this summer that Gonzalez 's statement is "  a lie " and added , "  That 's not true at all . They never told me anything of that sort . " Tahmooressi said the Spanish translator provided to him at the border added to the confusion . "  After I had got off the phone with 911 and I felt like there was no one there to help me , I even told them , I said , ` You can take my guns , take my truck and take all my possessions . Just let me go back to America . ' And they shook their head no in frustration . " Admittedly , Tahmooressi had traveled into Mexico several times before his arrest , but only on foot , according to his mother . Opinion : A mother 's worst nightmare : My son is detained in Mexico 911 tape backs story ? In his latest evidentiary hearing , Tahmooressi 's third official appearance before the judge , his defense submitted surveillance video that "  coincided with Andrew 's truthful and forthcoming statement of accidental entry , " defense attorney Fernando Benitez told CNN . The video , which has not been made public , is said to show Tahmooressi hesitate and "  appear lost " in his car at the border before driving up to the port of entry , his attorney said . The night of the incident , Tahmooressi called 911 to request assistance because he had accidentally crossed into Mexico . An operator can be heard telling the Marine that there was nothing that the U.S. could do since he was already on Mexican soil . "  That 911 tape has not even yet made it to the hands of the judge , " his mother told CNN . Part of what 's complicated things for Tahmooressi is the drama surrounding his defense . The first two attorneys hired by the family were fired , one after trying to coach Tahmooressi into lying about prior visits to Mexico , his mother told CNN . There were also "  missed opportunities , " something Benitez , his current defense attorney , said is one of the reasons the Marine is still in Mexican custody . "  For anybody being involved in a criminal case in Mexico ... those first 96 hours are crucial , " Benitez told CNN in a July interview . "  A lot can be done , and releases can and are obtained regularly , but you have to aggressively address a defensive strategy . " Now , Benitez says , his client is at the mercy of the Mexican judicial system , and there is no timetable for his release . Marine says he 'd walked into Mexico before his arrest on gun charges Celebrity takes up cause Over the last few months , there has been a groundswell of support for the jailed Marine from a wide range of people . Not all of them have the Tahmooressi family 's backing . One rogue supporter has gone so far as to start an online petition for people to help her shut down ports of entry in the Southwest until Tahmooressi is released . TV talk show host and mental health advocate Montel Williams does have the Tahmooressis ' support and is working closely with the family to secure the Marine 's release . A retired U.S. Navy lieutenant commander , Williams has written letters to Mexico 's president and others , calling for an end to the incarceration , citing concerns for Tahmooressi 's declining mental health . "  Yes he broke the law , but he did n't have the capability mentally at the time , " Williams told CNN . "  It 's very easy for you to make one wrong turn . He knows he made a mistake . " As for those who do n't believe Tahmooressi , Williams said , "  How about those who say that , you have a right to say it because he spent two tours in Afghanistan protecting your Constitution , which gives you the right to say anything you want . " Pushing back tears , he continues , "  All I 'm saying is , Why do n't we look at this a little differently . He 's a sick young man , he 's an American . He paid the price for us ! He 's this way because of us ! Bring him home ! " Williams is among a list of people expected to testify at an October 1 hearing on Tahmooressi chaired by Congressman Ed Royce , head of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs . Just as support for Tahmooressi 's release has grown , so has criticism of President Barack Obama for his inaction on the case . Congressman Matt Salmon of Arizona said he urged Vice President Joe Biden to ask Obama to request Tahmooressi 's release during a June meeting with Mexico 's president . The president never brought it up , Salmon said . On the Mexican side of the border , high level meetings regarding Tahmooressi are also taking place , according to a source in Mexico 's attorney general 's office . Within the last week , senior Mexican administration officials and others have met to discuss Tahmooressi 's mental health and whether his condition could be cause for his release , the source told CNN . Ultimately , the decision of what to do with Tahmooressi is in the hands of the district judge hearing the evidence . If convicted , Tahmooressi is facing up to 21 years in prison . His next court hearing is September 29 . Marine tells of abuse in Mexican prison , but says he 's still hopeful CNN 's Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	Andrew Tahmooressi has spent six months in a Tecate , Mexico , prison on a gun charge The U.S. Marine reservist has repeatedly said he entered Mexico after taking wrong turn While some have expressed doubts about his story , lawyer says 911 call backs account His next hearing is September 29 , and there is a congressional hearing slated for October
CNN  -- The number of states reporting widespread seasonal flu activity jumped from four to 10 last week , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Friday . Widespread activity was reported in Alabama , Alaska , Kansas , Louisiana , Massachusetts , New York , Pennsylvania , Texas , Virginia and Wyoming , according to the CDC 's weekly flu advisory report , covering the week ending December 21 . The previous week , only Alabama , Louisiana , New York and Texas reported widespread flu . "  Widespread " means that more than 50 % of geographic regions in a state -- counties , for example -- are reporting flu activity . It addresses the spread of the flu , not its severity . However , six states -- Alabama , Louisiana , Mississippi , Missouri , Oklahoma and Texas -- reported a high proportion of outpatient visits to health care providers for flu-like illnesses . So far , "  it 's a typical influenza season , if I can use that word , " said Dr. Michael Jhung , a medical officer in the CDC 's flu division . The season usually begins in the winter months and peaks in January or February . The only atypical thing seen this year is that the most common strain has been H1N1 , which became known as swine flu during a 2009 outbreak . "  It 's the same virus that we saw in 2009 that caused the pandemic , " Jhung said . At the time , it was called swine flu since it was seen for the first time in humans . But since then , "  it 's established itself very nicely in the human population , " Jhung said . "  We 've seen it every season since 2009 in people . " The virus is no longer referred to as swine flu but instead as a human seasonal virus . The strain is so common that it 's included in the flu vaccine , including this year 's vaccination , he said . 5 ways to combat flu in your home Four pediatric flu deaths have been reported since September 29 , according to the CDC . The agency does not track adult deaths related to the flu , although some states do , and deaths have been reported . The exact number of flu-related adult deaths is hard to track and varies from year to year . The CDC has estimated that from 1976 through 2007 , between 3,000 and 49,000 people died of flu-related causes . "  It depends on the season ; it depends on the virus , " Jhung said . Last year , 381,000 people were hospitalized and 169 children died in what 's being called a relatively severe season . However , the CDC estimates that flu vaccination prevented 6.6 million illnesses last year , 3.2 million doctor visits and at least 79,000 hospitalizations . Flu vaccines are recommended for everyone 6 months and older , especially pregnant women and those at high risk of complications , including the elderly , children younger than 5 years and those with underlying medical conditions such as asthma or diabetes . Antiviral medications are a good treatment if you do get sick , Jhung said , particularly those at high risk for complications . Ideally , antivirals should be started within two days of when symptoms appear . CNN 's Caleb Hellerman contributed to this report .	Widespread seasonal activity is increasing , the CDC says The cases appear to be those of a typical season H1N1 is the primary strain seen ; it 's no longer called "  swine flu "
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Photos of the nude and decapitated body of a murdered hiker , sought by a writer on assignment for Hustler magazine , will not be released , a judge in Georgia ordered Wednesday . The decision came as state lawmakers considered legislation that would ban public release of graphic photos of crime victims . First Amendment lawyers say the legislation could have a chilling effect on open records requests . DeKalb Superior Court Judge Daniel Coursey issued a temporary order restraining the Georgia Bureau of Investigation from releasing "  any and all photographs , visual images or depictions of Meredith Emerson which show Emerson in an unclothed or dismembered state . Emerson 's family sought the order after learning of the request for copies of crime scene photos of the 24-year-old , attorney Lindsay Haigh said . Emerson 's admitted killer , Gary Michael Hilton , received a life sentence in exchange for leading investigators to her body in the north Georgia mountains on January 7 , 2008 , six days after Emerson disappeared . The judge 's order came on the same day the Georgia House Governmental Affairs Committee unanimously passed "  The Meredith Emerson Memorial Privacy Act , " which would prevent gruesome crime scene photos from being publicly released or disseminated , according to Rep. Jill Chambers , the bill 's principal sponsor . House Bill 1322 would prevent the release of photographs of the bodies of crime victims that are "  nude , bruised , bloodied or in a broken state with open wounds , a state of dismemberment or decapitation , " said Chambers . "  We have to walk the line between open record laws and the constitutional provisions that allow women to be able to be photographed nude or in pornography when they knowingly and willingly offer their bodies for dissemination , " she said . "  Meredith is n't in a position to give that kind of permission to have her exploited in that kind of venue , " Chambers said . "  We 're not only protecting future victims of crime , we 're protecting the integrity of what happened to Meredith . " The bill allows credentialed journalists , lawyers and law enforcement to view such photographs at the Georgia Bureau of Investigation 's headquarters , Chambers said , but not make copies of them . Hustler did not respond to a request for comment on the judge 's ruling except to say that it is exploring its legal options . "  Hustler is aware of the GBI 's refusal to honor its reporter 's request for copies of the Emerson crime scenes photos , which were to be used in a news story about this crime . Hustler and Mr. Flynt disagree with the GBI 's position , and are currently exploring all legal options available to them should the decision be made to go forward with the story , " the company said in an e-mail . Members of the state Legislature were quick to condemn the request . "  I think that the request is sickening , disgusting , vile and I think it 's very , very hurtful for this family , " House Speaker David Ralston said in a Monday press conference . Current statute prevents the release of autopsy photos without the permission of next of kin , but a "  gray area " in the law left open the question of whether crime scene photos could be released , Ralston said . "  I am a big proponent of open government . This goes against the grain for me . But in this case , when you have these kind of photographs that depict victims of crime where there may have been sexual assault or mutilation of the body , I just think it goes beyond the pale , " he said . "  We 're going to narrow it to those situations so we do n't have this kind of situation again where we pause and wonder is this something we have to release or not . " "  Meredith was a daughter , a friend and a mentor to many . She lived life to its fullest and was taken from us deliberately and maliciously , " her family said on www.righttohikeinc.com , the charity Web site established in Emerson 's memory . "  Her family and friends live everyday with this tragedy and to know that the possibility of any images , other than those that portray the beautiful , young woman we knew , could be disclosed to the public or may be published would bring further stress and unnecessarily added grief over what is already too much sadness to bear . " The Georgia Bureau of Investigation promptly denied Hustler 's request , agency spokesman John Bankhead said . "  There 's no public interest served by these photographs being publicly displayed , " he said . "  The negative impact on surviving friends and family would be horrific . They had to go through this with the death so to have to go through it again with the pictures ending up on Internet would be incredible . " First Amendment lawyers are watching the outcome of this lawsuit and the bill . "  The photos are awful , but it 's also awful to see pictures of people in wars , soldiers fighting or the victims of wars , " said New York attorney Martin Garbus . "  I do n't think there should be any kind of censorship because of awfulness . " Garbus surmised that privacy laws could be applied in this instance but cautioned that even such laws could be considered limitation of free speech . "  I do n't think you can make it into a narrow context . If you look at a picture of a Sudanese kid starving to death , or people dying in Haiti , those are invasions of privacy . Pictures of people alive in tortuous situations in some other country are just as bad as pictures of disfigured corpses in the United States . "	Judge blocks release of photos of Meredith Emerson "  unclothed or dismembered " Hustler magazine reporter seeks crime scene photos of Emerson 's body House panel OKs measure preventing release of gruesome crime scene photos Hustler says it is reviewing its legal options
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Democratic presidential hopefuls stressed their common ground with the gay and lesbian community in a televised forum , but one significant exception loomed -- same-sex marriage . A panel that included lesbian rocker Melissa Etheridge questions Sen. Barack Obama . Thursday night 's forum in Los Angeles was sponsored by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation . It was broadcast on the gay-themed cable network Logo , making it the first-ever televised presidential forum on gay issues . The group said it offered Republican presidential candidates the opportunity to participate in their own forum , but they declined . The HRC , which claims 700,000 members , is the nation 's largest advocacy group for the gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgendered communities . While officially non-partisan , the HRC overwhelmingly backs Democrats . In 2006 , just 11 of the 219 federal candidates endorsed by the group were Republicans , and the HRC also backed the losing presidential bids of both Sen. John Kerry in 2004 and Al Gore in 2000 . Watch how Democrats consider the gay community a key constituency " With varying degrees of success , the front-running candidates in the Democratic field tried to reconcile their opposition to opening up marriage to gay and lesbian couples with their stated beliefs in gay and lesbian equality . Asked what was at the heart of her opposition to same-sex marriage , Sen. Hillary Clinton said , "  I prefer to think of it as being very positive about civil unions . " "  It 's a personal position , " she said . "  For me , we have made it very clear in our country that we believe in equality . How we get to full equality is the debate we 're having . " Sen. Barack Obama said his view is that "  we should try to disentangle what has historically been the issue of the word ` marriage , ' which has religious connotations to some people , from the civil rights that are given couples . " "  My job as president is going to be to make sure that the legal rights that have consequences on a day-to-day basis for loving same-sex couples all across the country ... are recognized and enforced , " he said . John Edwards , a former senator from North Carolina and the Democratic Party 's 2004 vice-presidential nominee , offered an apology for a previous statement that his religious faith was at the heart of his opposition to same-sex marriage . "  I should n't have said that , " said Edwards , who has previously said he has struggled with his position . "  I believe to my core in equality . My campaign for the presidency is about equality across the board . " "  All I can tell you is where I am today , " he said . "  I do not support same-sex marriage . " New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson cast his opposition to same-sex marriage in pragmatic terms , saying "  it 's a question of doing what 's achievable " and trying to move the country forward on the issue . "  In my heart , I 'm doing what is achievable , " he said . "  And I 'm not there yet , and the country is n't there yet . " However , two long-shot candidates in the field who do support same-sex marriage -- Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio and Mike Gravel , a former senator from Alaska -- made it clear they do n't see why their rivals are so conflicted . "  This is really a question of whether you really believe in equality , " Kucinich said . "  When you understand what real equality is , you understand that people who love each other must have the opportunity to be able to express that in a way that 's meaningful . " Gravel accused his better-known rivals of "  playing it safe " on the marriage issue and said he believes same-sex marriage "  will be a nonissue in the next presidential campaign " in 2012 . "  Marriage is a commitment between two human beings in love , " Gravel said . "  And if there 's anything we need in this world , it 's more love . " A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Thursday found that a majority of Americans -- 57 percent -- oppose same-sex marriage . Forty-three percent oppose both same-sex marriage and civil unions , which offer most or some of the protections and benefits of marriage . All of the 2008 Democratic candidates are on record as supporting civil unions , a position also taken by President Bush , an opponent of same-sex marriage , during his 2004 re-election campaign . While just 3 percent of voters in the 2006 election identified themselves as gay or lesbian , the community has outsized influence , particularly among Democrats , because it is politically active and a source of campaign contributions . Reflecting that sway , six of the eight 2008 Democratic hopefuls -- all but Sens. Christopher Dodd and Joe Biden -- attended Thursday 's event . Eschewing the usual debate format , candidates appeared on stage one at a time , where they sat in an easy chair and fielded questions from a panel that included lesbian rocker Melissa Etheridge . One area where the Democratic candidates were in clear agreement with gay rights advocates was on the question of ending the do n't - ask-don ` t-tell policy , which allows gay men and lesbians to serve in the military only if they do not publicly disclose their sexual orientation . Clinton -- whose husband , former President Bill Clinton , originally proposed the policy in 1993 -- said she changed her mind in 1999 and that repealing it would be "  one of my highest priorities " as president . Edwards also voiced his is opposition , but he noted that " ` do n't - ask-don ` t-tell is not just wrong now , it was wrong when it began . It 's been wrong the entire time . " Thursday 's poll also found strong public support for ditching do n't - ask-don ` t-tell . Fifty-seven percent of those polled opposed the policy itself , while 79 percent said openly gay people should be allowed to serve in the military . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Candy Crowley contributed to this report .	Long-shot candidates criticize front-runners ' stances on same-sex marriage Event is the first-ever televised presidential forum on gay issues Sponsor says Republican candidates rejected their own forum
CNN  -- It 's a moment familiar to any regular air traveler . A passenger 's photo shows oxygen masks hanging from the ceiling on Monday 's Continental Flight 128 . The plane bucks up and down , lurches forward and back , or both . Sometimes overhead bins fly open . The squeamish gasp . Babies cry . Then , usually , it 's all over . In-flight turbulence is often a mere inconvenience . But it 's also the leading cause of airline passenger injuries that are not associated with a fatal crash , experts say . And , on rare occasions , it can be deadly . In the case of Monday 's Continental Flight 128 , an unexpected blast of air led to much more than jangled nerves , bumps and bruises . Turbulence struck the flight , from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , to Houston , Texas , unexpectedly , injuring seven passengers badly enough to require hospitalization after the pilot diverted the flight to Miami , Florida . Police said 26 passengers were injured , four seriously . Learn more about airline turbulence " Turbulence , according to the Federal Aviation Administration , is caused by a quick change in air movement . Jet streams , air shooting off of mountains , cold or warm weather fronts and thunderstorms can all cause changes in speed or direction . The rapid shift in gravity force -- or G-force -- can cause a sensation not unlike being whipped around on a roller coaster . Most of the time , discomfort is the worst byproduct . "  Normally , it 's an inconvenience , " said Kevin Garrison , a retired Delta Air Lines pilot living in Lexington , Kentucky . "  Very rarely does it hurt passengers , which is odd because a lot of them do n't keep their seat belts on . " And wearing seat belts , aviation officials say , is the best way to stay safe . "  In the event that something happens , " said Les Dorr , a spokesman for the FAA , "  that 's the best advice that we or anyone else can give passengers . " Since 1980 , three people have been killed in turbulence-related accidents , according to the administration . At least two of those deaths involved passengers who reportedly were not wearing seat belts while the seat-belt sign was on . There have been 234 turbulence-related accidents since 1980 , and 114 passengers were seriously injured in those accidents , the FAA reported . Flight attendants have been hurt at a much higher rate . During that same time period , 184 attendants were seriously injured , despite their numbers being far smaller than the number of passengers . "  The majority of injuries actually happen to flight attendants , " Dorr said . "  They have to be up performing their tasks , even when the seat-belt light is on . " And while pilots are almost always strapped in with seat belts , even they are n't exempt . "  I 've had a few bloodied heads -- when I hit my head on the overhead when the seat belt was a little loose , " said Garrison , who flew for Delta for 27 years . In Monday 's accident , passengers reported they were slammed into the Boeing 767 's ceiling -- some said two or more times -- when the plane dropped rapidly . "  I saw people being thrown to the roof as if they were dolls , " Fabio Ottolini , who was returning to Houston with his wife and daughter after visiting family in Brazil , told CNN affiliate KTRK-TV . Passengers said most of those injured were not wearing seat belts . Initial reports are that the Monday flight was hit by what 's called clear-air turbulence , or air pockets that hit without warning . While pilots are always on the lookout for regular turbulence spots -- like mountain ranges and places where weather fronts are converging -- clear-air turbulence can happen anywhere . "  You ca n't see it ; you ca n't sense it with radar , " Dorr said . "  The best way to determine if there 's a possibility of clear-air turbulence is to have somebody in front of you that 's already flown through it . " Dorr said passenger injury numbers have dropped over the past few years , during an industry-wide effort to increase safety . No passengers were reported seriously injured in turbulence incidents in 2008 , and five flight attendants -- down from a high of 19 in 2003 -- received serious injuries , according to the FAA . The Commercial Aviation Safety Team has focused on seat-belt awareness and pushed for better communication systems for reporting turbulence , Dorr said . All licensed pilots also receive "  upset training , " which teaches how to deal with extreme turbulence , he said .	Three turbulence-related deaths since 1980 , FAA says At least two of the three were people not wearing seat belts Turbulence is caused by quick changes in air movement Air pockets from "  clear-air " turbulence are hard to detect
CNN  -- Swiss star Roger Federer faces a race against time to be fit for the Davis Cup final against France . The 33-year-old Federer pulled out of the final of World Tour Finals against Novak Djokovic Sunday due to a back injury , raising doubts over his participation in the showpiece match that starts in Lille on Friday . "  We will have to see how severe those back problems are and we hope that Roger will be able to recover until next Friday , " the Swiss Davis Cup captain Severin Luthi said in a statement on Facebook , referring to the final that is being staged November 21-23 . "  He now has to rest , " added Luthi . "  Our team doctor Roland Biedert has come to London and , together with our physiotherapist Daniel Troxler , will work on Roger 's fast recovery . " But speaking at a news conference on Tuesday , Federer sounded cautiously optimistic . "  My back is better than it was Sunday , but not good enough for practice yet . But I 'm hopeful , " he said . After pulling out of Sunday 's final against Djokovic , Federer adopted a more optimistic tone than Luthi . "  This back spasm -LSB- or -RSB- whatever it might be , it 's just not a fun thing to have during the day , " Federer said on the official Davis Cup website . "  It 's just uncomfortable . But I 'm positive and I 'm hopeful that it 's going to go away very soon . " Federer was plagued by back issues in 2013 , largely contributing to a subpar campaign -- by his illustrious standards . He has enjoyed good health in 2014 , though , one of the reasons the 17-time grand slam champion was able to No. 2 in the world rankings . The Swiss star picked up the injury in the third-set tiebreaker of his late-night 4-6 7-5 7-6  6  victory over Davis Cup teammate Stan Wawrinka Saturday . Wawrinka crunched a backhand at Federer when the latter was at the net and also , at one stage , Wawrinka jawed at the Federer camp , seemingly unhappy with something that was said to him . The Davis Cup title , along with an Olympic singles gold medal , is one of the few gaps in Federer 's resume .	Roger Federer faces fitness battle to be ready for Davis Cup final Said he was n't "  match fit " for final of World Tour finals against Novak Djokovic Federer had played for about three hours Saturday in beating fellow Swiss Stan Wawrinka Davis Cup final between Switzerland and France starts Friday in Lille
CNN  -- A family in Washington that was one of two jackpot winners in the Mega Millions drawing will speak to reporters about its windfall Thursday . However , the buyer in Idaho with whom the family will split the $ 380 million prize has yet to come forward . Washington lottery officials have so far only disclosed that the family is from Ephrata , a small town with a population of just over 6,000 . They have scheduled a news conference at 2 p.m.  5 p.m. ET  to introduce the lucky family that will claim $ 190 million -- half of the $ 380 million jackpot -- from the Tuesday night drawing . The ticket was sold at a Safeway store in Ephrata , lottery officials said . Store Manager Geoff Bell told CNN affiliate KREM that the phones began to ring off the hook when news surfaced that the store had sold one of the two winning tickets . "  It 's great for the community . It 's nice that Safeway can be a part of helping somebody make some dreams come true for them , " Bell told the affiliate . The ticket in Idaho was sold in Post Falls . Tuesday 's Mega Millions numbers were 4 , 8 , 15 , 25 , 47 and 42  42 was the Mega Ball number  . As days went by without a winner , residents in the 42 states that take part in the Mega Millions drawing rushed to stores to buy more and more tickets , pushing the jackpot to $ 380 million -- the second-highest in the drawing 's history . The highest was $ 390 million in 2007 .	The family will spilt the $ 380 million jackpot with a mystery buyer in Idaho The jackpot is the second largest in the drawing 's history Ephrata , Washington , is a small town with about 6,000 people
Build it and they will come . That appears to have been the strategy for urban development in China over the last decade , during what has arguably been the largest and fastest urbanization of a society in modern history . In Zhengzhou , the capital of central Henan province , this approach has had mixed results . Just a few years back , a new development zone , an adjunct to the main city , was labeled China 's largest ghost city -- rows and rows of luxury apartments and office buildings sat empty on vast , deserted boulevards . But now locals here say signs of life have sprung up and the city is growing . On a recent national holiday , visitors flocked to a new park by the river . It was a remarkable green oasis of willow trees , ponds , fountains and man-made marshes surrounded by shining new towers of glass and steel . Amid the greenery , several wedding couples posed in tuxedos and gowns for professional photographs , the brides pampered by make-up artists . Among them were the Zhangs , newly-weds who traveled more than a hundred miles for this photo shoot . Though they clearly appreciated their surroundings , they said they could not afford to live in the sprawling , newly-constructed district of Zhengzhou . The same went for 25-year-old Li Cai Juan and her friends . Several years ago , she had an office job at a construction company that built some of Zhengzhou 's rows of towers . Fantasy photos for Chinese weddings Now a school teacher , Li said , "  The housing prices are too high here , " in the newly constructed part of Zhengzhou . According to the local statistics bureau , the average income per month in Zhengzhou is roughly $ 483 while property prices in the new district stand at $ 1,660 per square meter , and are expected to climb . Amid growing unrest over swollen property markets , Premier Li Keqiang has made affordable property prices a pillar of his leadership . However , tighter controls on property markets , such as limitations on homes per person and higher taxes on transactions , have failed to rein in speculative buyers since they were first implemented in 2010 . The following year , as part of its twelfth five-year plan , the government vowed to build 36 million low-income housing units by 2015 in a bid to quell distressed homebuyers . The rush to the cities Demand for housing has followed the migration of workers from rural areas to cities where work is better paid and easier to find . In early 2012 , for the first time in history , figures showed that more than half of the country 's population live in urban areas . The pace of urbanization has been staggering and the government is counting on it as a main driver of economic growth for decades to come . "  Currently China 's urban population is a little over 700 million people , " said Tom Miller , author of "  China 's Urban Billion . " "  By 2030 , we would expect it to be one billion . One in eight people on Earth will live in a Chinese city . So they still need to do a lot more building . " Miller predicts there will always be a huge demand for housing in China . The challenge will be making it affordable for the Chinese people . Zhengzhou 's population boom According to city government statistics , the population in Zhengzhou grew by 30 % between 2000 and 2010 , and today stands at close to nine million people , roughly the same population as New York City  8.245 million in 2011  , London  8.174 , 2011  and Bangkok  8.281 , 2010  . But the city appears to have physically grown even faster . In an area nearly twice the size of San Francisco , entire new districts of towers have sprung where 10 years ago locals say there were empty fields . Armies of construction crews are still hard at work . Dozens of new towers are in various stages of completion , even though real estate companies are still clearly struggling to fill some of the completed buildings . On a street corner , two female university students distributed advertising leaflets to passing drivers and held up a "  buy two floors for the price of one " deal for a residential housing development called "  Harmony Building . " In the office of another real estate development company , a sales representative told CNN all of the units in neighboring residential towers had been sold . If so , nobody was bothering to maintain the grounds around the apartment buildings where knee-high grass and weeds grew between 30-story towers . Speculators move in Meanwhile , real estate sales appeared to be moving more briskly at the Zheng Dong Business Center , where visitors were greeted by football tables , plush velvet couches , a piano , wine and hors d'oeuvres arranged around giant illuminated models of an office park . Upon arrival , a sales team escorted CNN into a cinema with 180 degree , IMAX-like screen that played an elaborate computer-illustrated film advertising five-star hotels , gyms , shopping malls , offices and restaurants that would one day populate the new development . It would be another five or six years before this virtual city center would be completed , said a saleswoman named Song Lei . Asked whether or not she expected there to be enough customers to fill the giant office park , Song said , "  Altogether , probably not . "  There are some people buying office buildings for investment and there are others who are using it themselves , " she explained . Some of China 's soaring real estate market appears to be driven by wealthy Chinese who prefer parking their money in property rather than in banks where interest rates remain the same as inflation . In less than one year , property prices in Zhengzhou jumped 14 % , while the benchmark interest rate remains at 3 % . Two Chinese men who worked as contractors in the construction industry were finalizing a deal on the purchase of two offices in the Zheng Dong Business Center 's still unfinished office park . Both men said they owned multiple properties in the area , some of which were vacant . "  He owns 20 apartments here ! " said one of the businessman 's employees , laughing . "  Come back after 10 years and have a look and it will be completely different , " he said , when asked about Zhengzhou 's "  ghost town " tag . The businessman , who asked not to be named , said he earned far better returns in real estate than from banks . Miller said the buy-up of property in China is further encouraged by the fact that unlike many Western countries , there is no annual property tax . "  You pay transaction taxes when you buy a property , but once you 've bought it you do n't pay anything , which is remarkable , " he said . Build them and they will come ? Compared to China , "  the history of urbanization in the West is different . Things happened at a much slower pace , " said Behzad Yaghmaian , a political economist and author of "  The Accidental Capitalist -- A People 's Story of the New China . " "  China is a huge country with the capacity to supply the world and now its own market . Things are bound to happen faster and with more mistakes . " The jury is still out on whether or not huge urban development projects like the new districts of Zhengzhou will become vibrant city centers . But Miller challenges critics who quickly labeled Zhengzhou a "  ghost city . " He said in the past few years city planners had constructed 14 new university campuses in the city , which he predicted would ensure a quarter of a million new residents . "  China is different because it has this very authoritarian power structure . Power rests in the hands of very few people , and that means that local government officials can take big decisions looking ahead 10 , 15 years ... and create something for a society that has n't really arrived yet , " Miller said . "  It 's build them and they will come , " Miller added , "  and build it and force them to come . But of course there will be some big wasteful developments , white elephants , along the way . "	Zhengzhou is home to what was once called China 's largest ghost city Visitors are now slowing coming back , though many ca n't afford to live there Tighter government controls on housing market has failed to curb price climbs Government is building millions of low-cost housing to meet demand
CNN  -- Veteran Australian paceman Brett Lee has confirmed that he is retiring from Test cricket after being plagued by injuries in recent years . The 33-year-old , who won 76 Test caps , will still make himself available for one - day cricket once he has fully recovered from an elbow operation he underwent last December . Lee , who claimed 310 wickets for Australia , missed last year 's Ashes series against England after suffering a side strain on the eve of the first Test and has not played for his country since the 2008 Boxing Day Test against South Africa . "  I am extremely proud to have played Test cricket for Australia , " Lee told a news conference . "  My reason for retiring from this form of the game is so that I can preserve my body and continue to represent my country in the other forms of the game . " Lee made his debut against India in Melbourne in 1999 and is fourth on Australia 's all-time Test wicket-takers list , behind Shane Warne , Glenn McGrath and Dennis Lillee . "  Brett has played a key role in helping the Australian team be one of the most successful Test teams in history , " said Cricket Australia chief executive officer James Sutherland .	Australian paceman Brett Lee has confirmed that he is retiring from Test cricket The 33-year-old has been plagued by a succession of injuries in recent years Lee won 76 international caps and is still available for the one-day team
CNN  -- With Sharon Osbourne gone , "  America 's Got Talent " has tapped Spice Girl Mel B. to fill the empty seat . Entertainment Weekly reports that the singer and TV personality , whose full name is Melanie Brown , will join fellow judges Howard Stern and Howie Mandel on the NBC reality competition when it returns this summer . Osbourne announced she was leaving "  AGT " last year following claims that NBC discriminated against her son , Jack . Brown , aka Scary Spice , is a veteran of reality competitions . She competed on "  Dancing With the Stars " in the United States , served as a judge on the Australian version of "  The X Factor " and was a guest judge on the UK 's "  X Factor " and "  Britain 's Next Top Model . " "  I 've known Melanie since she did ` Dancing with the Stars , ' and I 've known her as a performer in The Spice Girls before that , " Paul Telegdy , NBC 's president of alternative and late night programming , said in a statement to EW . "  To know her is to know a very frank , strong , enduring entertainer . Someone who has a very strong point of view . We needed somebody who was qualified for the job . She 's an amazing singer , dancer and a huge personality . The contestants will get a lot of constructive feedback from her and I ca n't wait to see her chemistry with Howard and Howie . " Mel B. might not be the only new face on the series this summer -- EW adds that the show is considering hiring a fourth judge as well .	Report : Spice Girl Mel B. is joining "  America 's Got Talent " as a judge The singer/TV personality is experienced with reality shows "  AGT " is said to be considering hiring a fourth judge
CNN  -- A U.S. soldier accused of killing 16 Afghan villagers in a shooting rampage could face the death penalty if he is found guilty in a court-martial . The military has referred the case of Staff Sgt. Robert Bales to a court-martial authorized to consider capital punishment , according to a military statement released Wednesday . Another six Afghans were wounded in the spree near a small U.S. base in Afghanistan 's Kandahar province last March , the military said . "  The charges are merely accusations , and the accused is presumed innocent until proven guilty , " the military emphasized in its statement . Bales ' defense attorney John Henry Browne said Wednesday he did n't receive any notice from the Army or the prosecutors about the decision to pursue the death penalty ; he said he found out about it through the media . "  That 's how much we seem to matter to the prosecutors and the general , " quipped Browne . "  I am concerned this is a death penalty case , but I am not surprised . We 've prepared him for this . He knows he 's being singled out , " Browne said . "  We understand that decision , but we think it 's totally irresponsible of the government and the Army , " Bales ' lawyer said . "  We think the Army is attempting to escape responsibility for the decision to send Sgt. Bales to Afghanistan for his fourth deployment , knowing that he had  post-traumatic stress disorder  and a concussive head injury , " Browne said . "  I think that the person who made the decision to send Sgt. Bales to the most dangerous area in Afghanistan in a small outpost is responsible for Sgt. Bales being in Afghanistan , and he should have never been there . " Bales ' wife , Karilyn , has called the accusations "  completely out of character of the man I know and admire . " In a statement released Wednesday , she wrote , "  I no longer know if a fair trial for Bob is possible , but it very much is my hope and I will have faith . " She and their children visit Bales every weekend , and "  for a few hours I can see and feel the love that flows " between them , she added . Afghan authorities have pushed for swift action . "  He committed a mass killing crime , and we would like the court in the United States to implement justice and punish him according to the crime , " Ahmad Zia Syamak , a spokesman for Afghan President Hamid Karzai , told CNN last month . But Browne said prosecutors may regret hastily moving the case forward . "  The reality is almost every death case in the Army -- almost every -- has been overturned on appeal , and there has n't been an execution in the Army since the early '60s , " Browne said , referencing the 1961 hanging of Pvt. John Bennett . Read more : Afghan survivor : ` He just started shooting ' CNN 's Josh Levs and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report	NEW : Staff Sgt. Robert Bales ' attorney calls Army , government prosecutors "  irresponsible " Bales ' wife , Karilyn , says she 's unsure if he can get a fair trial Bales is accused of killing 16 and wounding six Afghans in March shooting spree
While House Republicans say every option -- including a government shutdown -- is on the table to counter President Barack Obama 's planned executive action on immigration , Colorado Sen.-elect Cory Gardner said shutting down the government is something a "  mature governing body " should n't even consider . "  There 's no time , place or purpose of a government shutdown or default , " Gardner said Friday on MSNBC 's Morning Joe . "  That 's simply ridiculous and something that a mature governing body does n't even contemplate . We ought to make it very clear that that 's simply not acceptable . " Incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said shutting down the government or defaulting on the U.S. 's debt obligations are completely off the table . But House Speaker John Boehner has been under pressure from the conservative faction of his caucus to tie the President 's executive actions to the fate of the government spending bill needed to fund federal agencies by mid-December . On Friday , Gardner , currently a member of the House , said members of Congress need to work together and with the President to make comprehensive immigration reform a reality . Gardner said Republicans should counter the president 's planned action with a plan of their own . "  To simply say no to everything is unacceptable , " Gardner said . "  But I think the President also needs to do the right thing and work with Congress . " Could immigration cause another government shutdown ? Asked about reports that Republicans could consider suing the President over his coming executive order , Gardner urged more bipartisanship , which he suggested was the message voters sent at the polls this month . "  Instead of charging each other with lawsuits or litigation or executive orders or abuses of powers , why do n't we actually do what the American people sent us to do . Let 's work together , let 's be the grownups in the room . That 's what they hope that Washington is , " Gardner said . While the midterm results appeared to bring Obama and GOP leaders in Congress to the table -- and in fact did as they lunched together at the White House -- the spirit of bipartisanship appears to have already soured as Obama stood firm on his pledge to take executive action on immigration by the end of the year and following the announcement of a climate deal with China .	Rep. Cory Gardner was just elected to Colorado 's Senate seat He said considering a government shutdown would be "  ridiculous " The U.S. House of Representatives GOP leadership has not ruled out the option of a shutdown
CNN  -- The search for a lion in Essex , near London , has been called off -- even as the big cat 's fame grows on Twitter . According to a police spokesman , the sighting of a lion Sunday night was most likely a "  large domestic cat or a wildcat . " The spokesman added : "  Nothing has been found to suggest that a lion was in the area . " The search had been underway since holidaymakers reported seeing a lioness roaming through the fields Sunday evening . As the search continued many took to Twitter to claim sightings , while the @EssexLion account picked up more than 35,000 followers . Personal trainer Danny Osborne claimed the "  lion " is in fact a snow leopard with a fake tan and hair extensions , while comedian David Schneider tweeted he spotted the lion taking refuge in the Ecuadorian embassy in London . The police statement said : "  We would like to thank the local community and holidaymakers for their patience and support throughout the past 24 hours , as the police and media presence would have been somewhat overwhelming for them . " The lion 's Twitter fame followed holidaymakers reporting what they believed was a lioness on the loose . Sue Wright told CNN she believed she saw a "  a lioness in the field " when she looked through her binoculars following an alert from her sister-in-law . Wright said the animal was very big -- probably reaching above a person 's waist . She said she became "  very concerned particularly when it stood up , because we were n't sure in what direction it was going to head . " In an earlier statement , Essex Police had said both they and experts from Colchester Zoo had scoured the area , using the police helicopter 's thermal imaging camera to try to find the animal . The police had advised people to be "  extra vigilant and cautious . "	The search for a lion in Essex , near London , has been called off However , Twitter has been active with lion "  sightings " The search came after holidaymakers said they saw a lioness in a field
Ice fishers in Minnesota are reeling from a recent FAA decision prohibiting beer delivery by drone . Local brewery Lakemaid was testing a new drone delivery system to airlift frosty cases of beer to fishermen holed up in ice shacks on Mille Lacs Lake . After spotting a Lakemaid YouTube video that went up last week of one of the unmanned aerial vehicles  UAVs  on a test run , the Federal Aviation Administration contacted Lakemaid and told the company to stop . Unfortunately for Lakemaid fans and anyone else dreading a walk to the corner store , it 's currently against the law to fly drones for commercial purposes or above 400 feet in the United States . The FAA is working on a comprehensive set of rules and regulations that will pave the way for commercial drone flight , but the legislation wo n't be ready until at least 2015 and drones might not be in the skies until 2017 . Until then , thirsty fishermen must obtain their beverages through old-fashioned terrestrial delivery methods . The great beer grounding of 2014 might just be the issue that will turn Americans into pro-drone advocates . A WhiteHouse.gov petition has already gone up , asking the Obama administration to issue Lakemaid an airworthiness certificate . So far , 183 thirsty UAV advocates have signed the petition  only 99,817 signatures to go !  . Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul has previously expressed his support of aerial beer delivery on Twitter . In August he said "  Perhaps I am not against ALL drones ! " and linked to a news story about a drone delivering beers during a music festival in South Africa . Only amateurs are allowed to fly drones at this time , and they 're limited to small vehicles under 55 pounds . They can only operate the aircraft for fun , not for profit , and they must adhere to local and federal laws . For example , drones are not allowed to cruise over populated areas . Some groups have received exceptions to test drones for research purposes . "  While we are evaluating many potential uses of -LSB- UAVs -RSB- as we move toward their safe integration into the nation 's airspace , commercial operation of such aircraft is not yet allowed , " said FAA spokesperson Elizabeth Cory in an e-mail . Announcing plans to deliver goods by drone has been a popular publicity stunt for U.S. companies over the past year . On a recent "  60 Minutes " segment , Amazon demonstrated a drone delivery system it 's working on for packages . The company conducted the tests outside the country to avoid breaking U.S. law . In June , the Domino 's pizza chain said it was developing a drone capable of delivering up to two pizzas . The FAA has asked other companies and institutions to ground their drones in the past year . The agency has contacted a company in Wisconsin that used drones to capture aerial footage for real estate . And the Drone Journalism Lab at the University of Nebraska received a cease-and-desist letter for its attempts to use drones for reporting purposes . Even once FAA regulations are in place , we likely wo n't see the skies filling up with beer deliveries . Interested companies will have to get proper training and licenses . "  We are concerned about possible careless and reckless operation , especially if someone on the ground is hurt by an object or objects falling from the -LSB- UAVs -RSB- , " said Cory , citing the FAA regulation that prohibits careless flying . Delivery of goods is expected to be a small segment of future drone market . The bigger commercial uses will focus on agriculture , law enforcement and aerial photography . Delicious test cases like beer and fast-food delivery might be gimmicky , but they can help ease the public 's concerns about drones in the sky . The technology is mostly known for its military applications , and civil liberties groups are concerned about drones being used for surveillance by law enforcement . Local residents in Deer Trail , Colorado , have even attempted to pass a law that makes it legal to shoot down drones with the proper drone hunting license . But the next generation of friendly drones are n't all packing weapons or collecting data for the NSA . Some just want to bring you a nice cold one and maybe a slice without getting stuck in traffic .	Wisconsin beer company Lakemaid was testing beer delivery by drone for local ice fishermen The FAA has told the company to ground any drones It 's currently illegal to fly the unmanned aerial vehicles for commercial purposes
CNN  -- If you follow scientific developments as if they were football games , this would be a good time to cheer "  Tick-tick-tick-tick ! Tick-tick-tick-tick ! Go , clock , go ! " The reason for such enthusiasm ? Researchers have released a study in the journal Science describing what they believe is the world 's most precise clock . You 'd never need this level of precision for getting to work on time , but the clock could be used for scientific exploration and technological advancements in areas such as navigation systems , said study co-author Andrew Ludlow , researcher at the National Institute of Standards and Technology in Boulder , Colorado . The rate of ticking of this timepiece -- known informally  and awkwardly  as the ytterbium optical lattice clock -- does not change by more than one part in 10 ^ 18 , Ludlow said . In other words , if there is any variation in how a second is measured , it would be in about the 18th decimal place . "  The ytterbium optical lattice clock has demonstrated a groundbreaking , new level of clock stability , " he said . "  One could say that this is like measuring time over a hundred years to a precision of several nanoseconds . " In order to understand what 's so special about this table-sized clock , it helps to have a little background : How clocks work Inside a clock is a mechanism that changes in some regular way , called an oscillator . Imagine , for example , a grandfather clock , whose pendulum swings back and forth denoting time . In a wrist watch there is often a crystal with an electrically oscillating signal . A particular number of "  back and forths " corresponds to one second . An atomic clock makes use of an electromagnetic signal -- in other words , light emitted at an exact , known frequency . At the core of the system , there is an atom . The light is used to excite an electron in the atom . In this model , the excitation and de-excitation of an electron corresponds to a pendulum swinging right to left , but in an atomic clock , the "  tick " denotes an unimaginably tiny fraction of a second . The current gold standard for time is the cesium clock , a type of atomic clock that an international body of experts has used to define what is the unit of one second : About 9.19 billion oscillations . In this clock , a microwave light source is used to excite electrons in cesium atoms . But the new atomic clock at NIST , described in the Science study , uses a different element : Ytterbium , atomic number 70 . Optical light -- specifically , yellow light from a laser with a wavelength of 578 nanometers -- is used to excite the electrons of ytterbium atoms . Whereas scientists talk about billions of oscillations per second in the cesium clock , oscillations per second in the ytterbium clock approach one quadrillion per second , Ludlow said . The new clock is akin to a ruler that has markers for fractions of inches , compared to a ruler that only delineates inches . The first instrument would make more precise measurements . "  You divide time into finer and finer intervals , " Ludlow said . In order to establish the precision of this clock , the scientists had to make two of them , to confirm agreement in the measurement of time . The devices wo n't fit on your wrist , or even on your wall . Because of all the laser equipment and technology necessary for this level of precision , the atomic clock and all of its components occupy a space about the size of a dining room table , Ludlow said . Efforts are under way to shrink the technology , however , particularly so that a version of it might be sent into space . Potential uses Researchers studying Einstein 's theory of general relativity could make use of this clock to more precisely measure how time is different depending on the surrounding gravitational force . Global positioning systems  GPS  already take this into account . Because they are farther from Earth than we are , and therefore experience less gravitational pull , their measurement of time as they orbit Earth is slightly different from what we perceive on the ground . A more precise atomic clock could measure the correctional factors even better . Such clocks could also test alternative theories about the relationship between time and gravity . There could be other applications for navigation and communications systems . But you probably wo n't want one for your alarm clock . Ludlow said the total cost ranges on the order of a half-million dollars . Accuracy Although scientists have proclaimed that this is the world 's most stable clock , they do not yet know as much about its accuracy . This is a subtle but important difference : The ytterbium clock has demonstrated incredible stability of measurement -- it always measures a second in the same way -- but we do not yet know if what it is measuring is a "  true " second . So , we 'll have to wait to find out whether these clocks could be the most accurate in the world . More research is needed . It 's a story we hear time and time again . Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter and Google + .	New study describes atomic clock with unprecedented precision Clock is made with atoms of the element ytterbium Device is at the National Institute of Standards and Technology in Colorado Efforts are under way to make the technology small enough to send into space
Dearborn , Michigan  CNN  -- Steve Bengelsvorf and Terry Flynn are chatting over beers on a hot , humid Wednesday night at Bamboozles , a Dearborn , Michigan , bar and restaurant , and a common pit stop for nearby factory workers . Both these clean-cut men sitting at the bar in polo-style shirts have a lot in common . They work at the nearby Severstal steel company . They 're nearing retirement . And they both have strong opinions about who the next president should be . But their politics are as different as their taste in beer . "  I 'm not for Obamacare , I 'm not for his immigration policies , I do n't particularly agree with 100 % of his economic policies , " Bengelsvorf said . For the record , he 's a Bud Light guy -- and a Mitt Romney supporter . "  We ca n't go further into debt , and Obama is putting us further and further into debt by all these stimulus plans . " Flynn , a Miller Lite guy , supports President Barack Obama . If it were n't for the Obama-backed health care law , Flynn said his friend 's unemployed son  a recent college graduate  would n't have health insurance coverage . CNN Poll : Health care ruling has not impacted race for White House , so far When it comes to the economy , Flynn admits it 's taking too long to recover from the recession . But he said that "  going back to the policies that got us into this mess is not the direction we want to go . " Severstal supplies steel to the big three automakers -- Ford , General Motors and Chrysler -- so Flynn 's and Bengelsvorf 's jobs are tied to the auto industry . Both agree on one thing : The $ 80 billion federal bailout of the auto industry was good for their jobs . Still , Bengelsvorf looks at it through broader lens . At one point he said , "  The other side of me says you do n't bail out a company that 's going bankrupt . " These two friends epitomize what we found when hitting the road in the Rust Belt . CNN took the pulse of voters in auto towns in Wisconsin , Indiana , Michigan and Ohio -- important states that could make or break Election Day for Obama and Romney . In 2008 , Obama captured all four states . But this year Indiana is leaning toward Romney -- and Ohio is a tossup . In the 12 elections between 1964 and 2008 no presidential candidate has won without winning Ohio . This year Ohio has about 30,000 fewer auto manufacturing jobs than it did in 2007 . Michigan has 50,000 fewer automaking jobs . On the bright side , Michigan and Ohio , respectively , have seen the nation 's biggest percentage declines in unemployment over the past two years . Make no mistake , these four states hold keys to the White House because all together they have 55 of 270 electoral votes needed to win . As Obama makes a second journey down the campaign trail , he 's touting the bailout of General Motors and Chrysler -- and you can bet he 'll continue to do so . Romney , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , opposed the bailout and pushed for a privately financed , managed bankruptcy of the two automakers . Watch : Politics in a former GM town During a stop at the Half Moon Restaurant & Brewery in Kokomo , Indiana , a lot of folks with auto industry ties wanted to talk politics , including Cliff Pitcher and his friend DeWayne Bates . Just like in Michigan -- these two auto-industry friends are not supporting the same candidate . Bates does n't think the president deserves another four years . Pitcher does . "  Mitt Romney , I like his economical experience and his business experience , and I think that would help get our country job growth and help us get back on our feet , " said Bates , a retired Chrysler millwright . Pitcher , an electrician at one of four Kokomo Chrysler plants , counters , "  Romney might be able to create jobs , but they 're gon na pay $ 7 or $ 8 an hour and you know ... I ca n't support my family on $ 7 or $ 8 with no benefits . Numbers do n't mean anything in the creation of jobs if they 're not quality jobs . " As a member of the autoworkers ' union that traditionally skews Democratic , Bates said he feels like his support for Romney puts him in the minority . But other union autoworkers spoke out who take issue with Obama 's economic policies -- particularly the auto bailout -- and are throwing their support behind Romney . Among them are Brian Pannebecker , who has worked at a Ford factory in Sterling Heights , Michigan , for 16 years . In Pannebecker 's view , Obama should n't have bailed out the industry . His company , Ford , did not take a bailout . "  What I object to is all of the taxpayer dollars that were used , " Pannebecker said . "  I think markets need to be allowed to work . And there were some fundamental problems that GM and Chrysler had that really were of their own making . " Just a few miles away from Pannebecker , electrician Stacy Steward stood in blistering 95-degree heat across the street from the Chrysler plant where she had just finished a long day 's work . After being laid off from Chrysler in 2008 and out of work for 17 months , she said she was rehired one month after the auto bailout . CNN Poll : Economic optimism jumping "  The Big Three support the entire state of Michigan , " Steward said . "  The auto loans did n't just help Chrysler and GM ; the auto loan also helped all of our suppliers . It helped all the small businesses in the areas . It helped the citizens . " Throughout this road trip in every town we visited -- large or small -- autoworkers expressed countless combinations of opinions about the state of the economy and the political direction of the nation . Come November , after all the stump speeches across the Rust Belt are said and done , many of these folks will cast their votes , hoping their candidate will take the nation 's highest office . Some will get their way -- and others wo n't . No doubt it will be fascinating to watch . CNN Electoral Map Read more on 2012 at CNNpolitics.com Watch CNN Newsroom weekdays 9am to 3pm ET and weekends . For the latest from the CNN Newsroom click here .	Autoworkers in key Rust Belt states disagree over industry bailout CNN talks to workers during road trip across Wisconsin , Indiana , Michigan and Ohio President Barack Obama is "  putting us further into debt , " one worker says Another worker says he fears Mitt Romney wo n't be able to create high-paying jobs
December holiday shoppers were not just interested in buying the hottest electronics and toys -- they also were purchasing record numbers of guns , according to the latest FBI figures on background checks required to buy firearms . With a few days left in December , the FBI reports the number of background checks has already topped the previous one-month record -- set only in November -- of 1,534,414 inquiries by gun dealers to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System also known as NICS . Almost half a million checks were done in just the last six days before Christmas . Two days before Christmas , NICS ran 102,222 background checks , which was the second-busiest day in history . The one-day record was set this year on Black Friday , the big shopping day following Thanksgiving , with 129,166 searches . By comparison , the previous one-day high was set November 28 , 2008 , when gun dealers made slightly less than 98,000 requests for background searches . It 's not possible to tell exactly how many guns have been purchased because buyers often take home more than one gun . But most people pass the background checks . Only 1.3 % of the searches result in people being denied permission to buy a weapon , said FBI spokesman Steve Fischer . FBI officials did not offer a theory on the spike in gun sales . It 's also not clear how many of the background checks were for people who never had owned guns before and how many were for gunowners adding to their collections . The National Rifle Association says the figures indicate more people feel they need guns for self defense . "  I think there 's an increased realization that when something bad occurs , it 's going to be between them and the criminal , " NRA spokesman Andrew Arulanandam told CNN . Arulandandum said Americans realize police can not be everywhere there 's trouble and also that some officers are being laid off due to budget cutting . The NRA spokesman also said an increased number of Americans are participating in skeet shooting and other gun sports . A leading gun-control organization says repeat buyers most likely are responsible for the holiday surge in guns sales . "  The research we 've seen indicates fewer and fewer people are owning more and more guns , " said Caroline Brewer of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence . "  All the trends indicate the number of Americans who own guns has declined . " "  It would appear because of fear-mongering by the NRA since  President Barack  Obama 's election that people are adding more guns to their arsenals out of fear Obama and the Democrats will take away their guns , which is absurd , " said Brewer .	The one-month record for background checks was set in November -- over 1.5 million December has already surpassed that record -- with a few days left in the month The NRA says the figures indicate more people feel they need guns for self defense
CNN  -- Kim Kardashian and Kanye West , aka "  the world 's most talked about couple , " are saying next to nothing about their wedding plans . So of course , as their reported May 24 wedding date draws closer , everyone else is speaking for them . There have been a number of rumors about where the wedding will be , who 's invited , what the bride will wear and what the ceremony will be like . Kardashian has already warned her fans not to believe anything until they hear it from her , so take these bits of gossip with an engagement-ring sized rock of salt . For those having a hard time keeping up with this Kardashian and her wedding details , here 's a roundup of everything we 've heard so far : Where 's it going to be ? The short answer : Europe . The long answer depends on whom you ask . Kardashian has said that she and West , who popped the question last October , had their sights set on marrying in Paris . But lately there 's been a lot of chatter that Kardashian and West will have their rehearsal dinner in France before tying the knot in Florence , Italy . The gossip is that the location has special meaning to them , with West being quoted as telling Florence 's La Nazione newspaper that he thinks their daughter , North , was conceived there , "  among the masterpieces of the Renaissance . " For what it 's worth , Us Weekly says it has spotted wedding preparations at Florence 's Forte di Belvedere , although E! reports the couple held their rehearsal dinner in France at the Palace of Versailles on Friday night . The lavish affair 's guest list reportedly ranged from fashion designer Valentino to movie producer Joel Silver to "  Real Housewife " NeNe Leakes and featured a performance by Lana Del Rey , a surprise arranged by West for his bride-to-be . "  Everyone was crying ! So beautiful , " sources told E! Are n't they already married ? According to Kardashian , no . In early May there was a Life and Style Weekly report that Kardashian and West had already obtained their marriage license , but she personally denied that claim . So who 's invited ? Here 's where the speculation gets interesting . There has been a lot of attention paid to whether West 's friend and musical collaborator , Jay Z , would be in attendance with his wife , Beyonce . Obviously , those two have had some personal issues sprout up in recent weeks , which is fueling the fire on which celebrity is attending and why . In early may , People magazine reported that neither Jay Z nor Beyonce would be attending the nuptials , because the couple is preparing for their summer "  On the Run " tour and "  the wedding hoopla is reportedly just too much for the power couple to make the trip . " Now , however , Us Weekly reports that Jay Z is attending the wedding but that Queen Bey is "  still a ` maybe . ' " One person who will definitely be missing at the ceremony is "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians " executive producer Ryan Seacrest , who has already said he 's not going . Guests expected to attend include members of the Kardashian-Jenner family but minus Brody Jenner , John Legend and Chrissy Teigen , fashion designer Rachel Roy , Vogue contributing editor Andre Leon Talley , star trainer Gunnar Peterson , and the usual assortment of Kardashian pals  Jonathan Cheban , La La Anthony , Brittny Gastineau , etc.  . More importantly , what will they bring ? We 're not sure , but we 've heard Kardashian 's ex Ray J is planning to gift the newlyweds with a portion of his yearly profits from the sex tape he made with the bride-to-be . How thoughtful . What will the ceremony be like ? Kardashian has said that it will be "  VERY small & intimate , " and will not be filmed for her E! reality show . Wedding guests are also supposed to be treated to a private tour of the Palace of Versailles before Saturday 's event . "  You will see everything leading up 'til and after ! " Kardashian tweeted May 7 . "  As much as we would love to share these memories on camera , we 've decided to keep this close to our heart & share thru photos . " Will the groom wear leather jogging pants ? Neither Kardashian nor West have elaborated on their wedding day fashion , but we would n't be surprised . And what about North ? The couple 's 11-month-old daughter is present and accounted for , although whether she 'll have a role in the ceremony remains to be seen . North has been her mother 's pre-wedding shopping partner ; she accompanied Kardashian on a trip to Givenchy . What 's that I 've heard about a pre-nup ? TMZ reported that there is a prenuptial agreement , while RadarOnline has gone a step further in claiming Kardashian would get $ 1 million for every year she stays married to West . But E! has quoted a source who calls that report "  all wrong . " "  Whether or not Kim and Kanye have a pre-nup is a private matter and any speculation is just that , " another source told the network . Hmm . Anything else ? You might be interested to know that Kardashian may rely on Jennifer Aniston 's hairstylist -- the man who came up with "  The Rachel " -- to create her wedding day ` do , and has balanced a pre-wedding diet of ice cream and cheeseburgers with trips to the gym with West . When not out shopping or snapping on-location pics for Instagram , Us Weekly reports the future Mrs. West has also sneaked in a $ 550 stem cell facial .	There are several rumors about Kim Kardashian 's marriage to Kanye West The engaged couple has been very quiet about their wedding details Speculators believe the event will take place on Saturday somewhere in Europe
CNN  -- Reports have surfaced again in the past week that Facebook is working on a phone . The latest news on the long-rumored project is that Facebook has abandoned its plan to work on both the hardware and software , as Apple does , and instead will partner with hardware manufacturer HTC . The Facebook phone 's software , meanwhile , will be a modified version of Google 's Android . The question is : Why ? Why would a social network want to compete in the cell phone business ? And how can it , given that Apple , Google and others already seem to have the market wrapped up ? Does anyone want a Facebook phone ? Perhaps Facebook users are clamoring for a new socially connected phone ? Nope . Judging by the reaction to the news around the Web this past week , a good number of tech commentators and Facebook users are n't the slightest bit keen on the idea of Facebook releasing a cell phone . Privacy concerns are among the top objections . Facebook already has enough information about us , some people fear , and buying a Facebook phone would surely provide the social-networking giant with even more control over our personal data . In fact , an informal poll found that 80 % of respondents did not want a Facebook phone . Only 7.8 % said they 'd consider it . If there 's very little demand for a Facebook phone , then why pursue the idea ? To find the answer , it helps to consider the biggest growth sectors in consumer technology . While social networking is a large-scale trend , the growth of mobile phones is perhaps a larger one . Other tech giants -- Apple , Microsoft , Amazon and Google -- have all made their claims here . Facebook has not . In fact , Facebook is a laggard in mobile networking : Its iPad app launched a full 18 months after the groundbreaking tablet debuted . That 's a lifetime in the fast-paced world of tech . App stores This mobile megatrend breaks down into a series of smaller trends . Take app stores , for instance . The app store is now the dominant way to distribute software to devices : The companies that manage these stores control the future of computing . Facebook 's Silicon Valley rivals , Apple and Google , own the largest app stores , while Amazon is likely to see success building its own app store on top of Google 's Android . Facebook once looked to be the winner in app distribution -- the Facebook Platform showed huge promise -- but now it must go through its competitors to get its software on these devices . By building its own alternative to mobile app stores , either on top of Android or using HTML5 apps on the Web , Facebook might get back in the game . Mobile payments What about mobile payments ? It 's often been said that if Facebook were a country , it would be one of the most populous in the world . Facebook would love for that "  country " to have an economy to match , and that means having all its users embrace Facebook Credits . Meanwhile , using your phone instead of your credit card is set to be a huge trend in 2012 thanks to the addition of "  tap to pay " technology in some handsets . It 's the biggest change in payments technology since the credit card , and Facebook Credits does n't stand a chance . Instead , rival Google is plowing ahead with Google Wallet , which when combined with Google 's Android operating system could make Google a leader in this hot market . Social networking What about social networking itself ? Could the growth of mobile Web browsing undermine Facebook 's leadership here ? Facebook 's closest competitors for the social crown are Twitter and Google + . So what would happen if Google were to put Google + right into Android , the world 's most popular mobile operating system ? For Facebook , that could be disastrous . Google + would come baked in to your phone , but getting Facebook would require an additional download . A win-win ? So why is Facebook making a phone if nobody wants to buy one ? Perhaps because it has to : If Facebook ca n't compete with Google and Apple in mobile technology , it may find itself on the losing side of some of consumer tech 's greatest battles . I , for one , support the effort : If Facebook succeeds , we all benefit from more competition in the smartphone market . And if Facebook fails , we lose nothing . I 'd even be willing to bet on the likely outcome . Facebook wo n't dominate the phone market , but it will figure out new ways to make our phones and our applications more social . That sounds like a positive outcome for all .	Informal poll : 80 % of respondents do n't want a Facebook phone Facebook Credits do n't stand a chance against "  tap to pay " tech in some handsets Despite its size , Facebook lags in mobile networking Cashmore : If Facebook succeeds , we all benefit ; if it fails , we lose nothing
Abu Dhabi  CNN  -- Turkey straddles Europe and Asia , is a gateway for oil and gas imports going into Europe and its economy has trebled in size over the past decade . The country 's gross domestic product is now a sizable $ 773 billion . It also represents the fourth letter of a new acronym crafted by Goldman Sachs  the investment bank which identified the BRIC nations  to highlight stable , fast growing countries : MIST : Mexico , Indonesia , South Korea and Turkey . What 's happening with the BRICS ? But after blistering growth of between 8.5 % and 9 % growth in the past two years , the country has hit a patch of turbulence . Investors are now eager to find out whether this economy can stabilize after tumbling 2.9 % in the second quarter of this year . Mehmet Simsek , a former London-based investment banker and economist who is now finance minister of Turkey , is confident the current quarter represents the trough . "  A modest growth is also likely in the third quarter , but from the fourth quarter onwards a pick up seems reasonably likely , " he told CNN . Turkey 's central bank moved to support growth with a larger than expected 1.5 % cut in the main interest rate Wednesday , pushing it down to 10 % . Now that the U.S. Federal Reserve , the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan have provided more liquidity , Turkey believes there is room to maneuver . "  The move by the Turkish Central Bank should be considered in the context of both domestic and international conditions , " Simsek said in an interview from Ankara . "  The slow down is partly micro-managed . It 's part of moving to more sustainable growth . " Iran and Turkey battle for Iraq supremacy The government is facing other issues . It is having difficulty controlling the two major outbreaks of violence at its doorstep . Syrian refugees continue to flood in , officially 80,000 to date , and there 's been a flare up of the crisis with Kurdish militants in the south-eastern corner of the country . Both challenges will continue to chip away at Turkey 's predominant role as the hub for East-West trade if they escalate and drag on for years rather than months . But there is a silver lining in this slow down . During the years of rapid growth , economists fretted over the country 's double digit current account deficit . Imports have slowed down and exports are booming -- up 20 % in the second quarter -- despite the slowdown in the European Union . From over 10 % of GDP , the deficit is now down to a manageable 7.4 % -- and the finance minister is aiming to get that down to 6 % within the next two years .	Turkey , straddling Europe and Asia , has a gross domestic product of $ 773 billion It represents the fourth letter of a new acronym crafted by Goldman Sachs : MIST After blistering growth in the past two years the country has hit a patch of turbulence But there is a silver lining in this slow down
CNN  -- Costa Rica has taken its border dispute with Nicaragua to international court , repeating claims that its territory has been invaded . In a statement Thursday , Costa Rica 's foreign ministry said the country had filed a lawsuit at the International Court of Justice in The Hague , Netherlands , to end a situation that "  threatens imminent and irreparable harm " to Costa Rica . The suit asks the court to stop "  the construction of a canal on Costa Rican soil , " according to the statement . Tensions between Nicaragua and Costa Rica have flared over Calero Island , a parcel of land on the Atlantic coast . Nicaragua denies its troops are in Costa Rican territory . Costa Rica claims it has been invaded . Costa Rica claims that in addition to the Nicaraguan troops , a dredging project in the river is dumping sediment on its side of the border , and that a Costa Rican flag in the area was replaced with a Nicaraguan flag . Nicaragua has accused Costa Rica of breaking diplomatic relations between the countries . Also Thursday , the Organization of American States approved a resolution convening a meeting of ministers of foreign affairs to discuss the situation on December 7 .	Costa Rica 's foreign ministry says the situation "  threatens imminent and irreparable harm " The suit asks the court to stop "  the construction of a canal on Costa Rican soil " Foreign ministers from the region will discuss the situation December 7
CNN  A leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has claimed responsibility for last week 's deadly attack by brothers Said and Cherif Kouachi on the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo . Here 's what we know about the Islamist extremist group . AQAP has its home in Yemen , an impoverished and troubled nation that borders Saudi Arabia and Oman and eyes strife-torn Somalia across the Gulf of Aden . In recent months , the Sunni extremist group has come under pressure within Yemen from Shiite Houthi rebels and government forces . But the Paris attack shows the group 's apparent continued ability to direct operations beyond Yemen 's borders . Its influence on would-be jihadis is also widereaching , thanks to its slick , English-language online magazine , Inspire , first published in 2010 . As military operations in Afghanistan and Pakistan have squeezed the central leadership of al Qaeda , its affiliates have stepped forward as the main perpetrators of terror attacks , though recently challenged for the spotlight by ISIS . AQAP chief Nasir al-Wuhayshi is al Qaeda 's No. 2 and has so far remained loyal to the terror network 's leader , Ayman al-Zawahiri . He was designated as al-Zawahiri 's global deputy in 2013 . AQAP late last year issued a rebuke to ISIS -- already cut off by al Qaeda 's general command in February -- reflecting a certain rivalry between al Qaeda and ISIS , as the latter seeks to extend its reach beyond Iraq and Syria . Some analysts say that rivalry could prompt each terror group to escalate . "  The tension , and the competition , between al Qaeda and ISIS is tremendous , " says Matthew Levitt at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . "  They 're in competition for money . They 're in competition for recruits . They 're in competition for the attention of the media . " He said AQAP had recently been eclipsed in the race for global impact . "  They had n't carried out anything spectacular in quite some time , and were becoming second fiddle to their jihadi competitors in ISIS , " he said . Meanwhile , "  ISIS has tremendous things to point to for their success : The holding -LSB- of -RSB- territory ; they 've established a caliphate . The vast majority of foreign fighters who are traveling from around the world are flocking not to al Qaeda , but to ISIS . " Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula first emerged in Saudi Arabia in 2002 , but thanks to the efforts of the Saudi authorities was a mostly spent force by 2005 , according to analysis from Jane 's World Insurgency and Terrorism . It re-emerged , reinvigorated , in Yemen in 2009 after the Saudi outfit merged with a Yemeni al Qaeda counterpart , the analysis said . In a video statement released a week after the bloody shooting at the magazine 's Paris offices , AQAP commander Nasr Ibn Ali al-Ansi claimed full responsibility for the attack . "  We clarify to the Islamic world that the one who chose the target , laid the plan , financed the operation and appointed its emir , is the leadership of the organization , " he said . Al-Ansi described the Kouachi brothers as heroes , saying they not only accepted their terror assignment but "  promised and fulfilled . " He said the arrangements for the operation had been made by the group 's late leader , radical American cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , "  who threatens the West both in his life and after his martyrdom . " The attack was revenge for the magazine 's depictions of the Prophet Mohammed , he said . Al-Ansi blamed not only Charlie Hebdo , but also France and the United States in his statement . U.S. National Security Council spokesman Alistair Baskey said the intelligence community was working to determine the video 's authenticity . There have been conflicting accounts as to which of the brothers went to Yemen -- or whether , indeed , it was both -- and how many times . But a senior Yemeni security source told CNN the Yemenis believe both were in Yemen for about three months , starting in April 2011 . It is unclear how much of the time the brothers spent together . The official added the Yemenis do not believe Cherif attended language schools in Sanaa , as his brother had earlier . It is thought likely that one or both of the brothers received weapons training from AQAP while in Yemen and that one may have met with al-Awlaki . A Yemeni journalist and researcher , Mohammed al-Kibsi , told CNN he had twice met and spoken with Said Kouachi in the capital , Sanaa , and that Kouachi had briefly roomed there with the failed "  underwear bomber " Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab . Investigators believe Cherif Kouachi was in Yemen in 2011 and that when he left , he was carrying money from AQAP earmarked to carry out attacks , a U.S. official told CNN . The investigators believe AQAP could have provided as much as $ 20,000 but the United States has n't verified the exact amount . U.S. officials consider AQAP the most dangerous branch of al Qaeda , according to CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank . In November , AQAP released a statement calling on Muslims around the world to forget their differences and renew their efforts to carry out operations against American targets , whether civilian , military or diplomatic . The U.S. State Department 's Rewards for Justice program has posted a reward of up to $ 10 million for information that brings al-Wuhayshi to justice , saying he "  has provided significant support for AQAP terrorist operations . " He has been a Specially Designated Global Terrorist since 2010 . And while al-Awlaki was killed in a U.S. drone strike in Yemen in 2011 , the radical cleric 's influence lives on -- and with it a threat to the United States , says CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen . Al-Awlaki was an influence on Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , who are alleged to have killed three people in the Boston Marathon bombings in 2013 , Bergen said . He also influenced Carlos Bledsoe , who shot up an Army recruiting center in Little Rock , Arkansas , killing an American soldier in 2009 . After the attacks , Bledsoe said his spiritual inspiration was al-Awlaki . Maj. Nidal Hasan killed 13 people at Fort Hood , Texas , in 2009 after sending 18 emails to al-Awlaki in Yemen , a correspondence that was known to the FBI . Al-Awlaki did not direct this attack , but he was the key inspiration for Hasan . AbdulMutallab 's botched attempt to bring down an American jet over Detroit in the fall of 2009 also was directed by al-Awlaki , Bergen said . A video released by AQAP 's official media arm in December showed a short clip of AbdulMutallab together with both al-Wuhayshi and al-Awlaki . AQAP set out its objectives in a May 2010 statement as the "  expulsion of Jews and crusaders " from the Arabian Peninsula , the re-establishment of the Islamic caliphate , the introduction of Sharia , or Islamic law , and the liberation of Muslim lands , according to analysis from Jane 's World Insurgency and Terrorism . This suggests the group aims to rid Yemen and Saudi Arabia of non-Muslims and overthrow the nations ' governments , to be replaced with what it considers to be an Islamic state . To that end , it has targeted foreigners and government forces in Yemen , as well as Saudi leaders . In 2009 , Prince Mohammed bin Naif bin Abdulaziz , the Saudi Arabian deputy minister of interior , survived a bomb attack carried out by an AQAP militant . Through its Inspire magazine , the group also hopes to radicalize Western Muslims and stoke grass-roots jihadist action in Western nations , the Jane 's report says . The group 's current incarnation "  is widely considered to be the al Qaeda regional franchise that represents the most serious international threat , " it concludes . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Tim Lister , Paul Cruickshank , Dugald McConnell , Barbara Starr and Michelle Kosinski contributed to this report , as did journalist Hakim Almasmari .	The Yemen-based al Qaeda affiliate has played a part in several attacks against the West One or both of the Kouachi brothers are believed to have had contact with AQAP in Yemen
Choosing a safari can be a safari in itself . Often it 's a stealthy operation that involves extensive prep work , a great deal of roaming and , occasionally , disappointment . To make it easier , we 've examined the honors in the 2015 Safari Awards -- the Oscars of the safari industry -- and gathered 10 of our favorite finalists . These are the adventures that excel in location , animal encounters , social and environmental responsibility and offer something different . More than 4,000 travel agents , writers and operators were invited to nominate the best safaris across 20 categories . Here 's our best of the best : Norman Carr Walking Safari  Zambia Encounters with animals do n't get closer than when they 're done on foot . While this may seem daunting to the safari newcomer , multi-award winner Norman Carr Walking Safari has 60 years of experience in the Luangwa Valley . The winner of the "  best safari experience in Africa " and "  best walking safari " categories for Zambia in the 2015 Safari Awards offers a different perspective for small groups trekking from camp to camp along the Luwi River . Travelers stay in remote but comfortable chalets before tracking lions , buffalo and leopard through early morning mists in this unchanged wilderness . Norman Carr Walking Safari , Luangwa Valley , Zambia ; +260216246025 ; seven-night packages from $ 2,285 per person , plus flights and park fees,10-night package taking in five camps from $ 4,500 per person Goliath Safaris Luxury Tented Camp  Zimbabwe Being in the wilderness does n't have to mean stinting on comfort . That said , guide Stretch Ferreira has ensured Goliath Safaris Luxury Tented Camp is rated one of the best in Zimbabwe for more than just pillows . En suite tents with teak finishes and open-air showers , right beside the Mana Pools conservation area , ensure guests are close to the action and emerge fresh to face wildlife that includes hippo , elephant , lion , leopard and wild dogs . Goliath has just been voted "  best walking safari " in the country by customers with accolades for its guides and cuisine . Rigid routines are ditched for guest-led adventure , on foot and canoe under the unique auspices of Ferreira and his 30 years experience . Goliath Safaris Luxury Tented Camp , +263 4 882373 ; from $ 640  per person , per night  inclusive of activities , but excluding park fees African Horseback Safaris  Botswana Exploring the 450,000 acres of untouched nature in the Okavango Delta on horseback is a great way to spare both feet and the environment . Two decades in , African Horseback Safaris has bagged awards for its exhilarating rides beside big game stars such as elephant , zebra and giraffe . Relying on hooves instead of wheels , its equine adventures are largely unaffected by the annual flooding that makes many parts of the delta inaccessible to vehicles . The finely tuned horses drop their heads to graze and to signal other animals in the area to relax while riders get an eyeful . At the camp , each en suite safari tent boasts an elevated deck for a view of the floodplains . African Horseback Safaris , Macatoo Camp , Botswana ; +2676861523 ; from $ 695 per person , per night Tongole Wilderness Lodge  Malawi When it comes to pocketing our travel dollars , it 's good to know safari hosts have an eye on the local community , too . Tongole Wilderness Lodge manages to help those around it without skimping on the comfort at its eco-lodge within the Miombo woodlands of the Nkhotakota Wildlife Reserve , Malawi 's oldest protected area . From here , treks explore the bush and canoe trips take in the Bua River to see monkeys , waterbuck , wart hogs and elephants alongside 280 bird species . The lodge -- voted Malawi 's "  best value safari property , " "  best ecologically responsible " and "  best community focused " in the latest Safari Awards -- can also take visitors into the village community to meet local people , including a school supported by the Tongole Foundation . Tongole Wilderness Lodge , Nkhotakota , Malawi ; +44 2081230301 ; from $ 335  per person , per night  , including activities , food and most drinks Samode Safari Lodge  India For those who seeking to tick tigers off their must-see list , Bandhavgarh National Park beckons There 's a high density of big cats , alongside barking deer , chinkaras , wolf , guar , bear and cheetal deer in this forested location in central India . Right next to the forest , Samode Safari Lodge is a sophisticated gateway to a stream and marsh-blessed landscape best explored by jeep . Opened in 2010 in Madhya Pradesh state , the lodge comprises 12 luxury villas and has just won all four categories in the Safari Awards for India including "  best safari guiding team " and "  best community focused safari property . " Samode Safari Lodge , Village Mardhari , Post Dhamokar , District Umaria , Madhya Pradesh ; +911412632370 ; the "  jungle plan " costs from $ 444  per person , per night based on twin sharing  and includes forest guide fees , two scheduled safaris and photographic fees Nyungwe Forest Lodge  Rwanda Some of the planet 's most elusive creatures and plants occupy the ancient forests and mountains around this southwest tea plantation . Orchids and 13 primate species , including chimpanzees , live among the 200 tree species in the largest remaining tract of uninterrupted forest in Central and East Africa -- all viewable on guided walking trails and animal treks . Other safari activities seek out black and white colobus monkeys , gray-cheeked Mangabey and bird-watching at the Kamiranzovu Waterfall . Nyungwe Forest Lodge , Rwanda ; +27214275900 ; voted "  best new safari property " in Rwanda in the 2015 Safari Awards , from $ 295  per person , per night sharing  . Trekking prices given on reservation Leopard Hills  South Africa A six-hour drive from Johannesburg to the edge of the renowned Kruger National Park , Leopard Hills offers safaris through 10,000 hectares of big beast countryside . The main lodge is sited on a rocky outcrop in the western sector of the Sabi Sand Game Reserve overlooking an active waterhole and magnificent plains where the Big Five reside . Rates include two drives per day and optional walking safaris with the chance of close-quarter glimpses of rhino , lion , leopard , buffalo and elephant . Rangers are established photographers and can advise on taking quality safari snaps . Leopard Hills , Hazy View , Mpumalanga , South Africa ; +27113260739 ; from $ 910  per person , per night  . Private guided safari vehicle can be booked for $ 475  per day Pumba Private Game Reserve & Spa  South Africa Hippo , hyena , wildebeest , kudu , eland and antelope are among the attractions at the family-friendly Pumba Private Game Reserve & Spa . The big draw , however , is the majestic and endangered white lion . Pumba , a malaria-free haven dedicated to conservation and boosting the local community , operates a white lion-breeding program and is one of just two homes to the beast in the whole of southern Africa . Accommodation includes the Water Lodge , overlooking Lake Cariega , or Msenge Bush Lodge , looking out over a waterhole and mountain views . Pumba Private Game Reserve & Spa , Highlands , Lothians Road , Makana Municipality , Port Elizabeth , South Africa ; +27466032000 ; from $ 469  per person , per night  plus $ 201  per child  in a Msenge family chalet Fundu Lagoon  Tanzania In addition to the Big Five , Africa boasts great aquatic wildlife and Fundu Lagoon has been collecting plaudits for its accessibility to the stars of the waves . As well as canoe , boat and walking tours , the twice "  best marine safari experience in Africa " winner offers a fully equipped dive center , enabling underwater exploration of coral reefs and wreck-dwelling fish as well as the dolphins , whales and sea turtles . While the lodge offers "  barefoot luxury , " its location on a coastal rainforest makes it easy see flying foxes , colobus monkeys , tropical birds and bush babies , so it 's possible to make like Crusoe , Cousteau or both . Fundu Lagoon , Pemba , Tanzania ; +255777438668 ; average room prices start at $ 440  per person , per night  and include unguided mangrove canoe safaris , a dhow cruise , snorkeling and village treks Karisia Walking Safaris  Kenya Karisia Walking Safaris is an all-inclusive mobile operator with a team of camels guided by Masai and Samburu trackers in the wilds of Laikipia . Tours roam from broad rivers to mountain forests , with camping in stunning scenery under the stars . There 's a diverse range of large animals as the habitat changes , with endangered Grevy 's Zebra , reticulated giraffe and highland hartebeest filling viewfinders . Activities include cultural visits , rock climbing and rafting with a company just voted "  best mobile safari " and "  best walking safari " in Kenya for the second year running in the Safari Awards . Karisia Walking Safaris , Nanyuki , Kenya ; +254721371694 ; from $ 400  per person , per night  , with 50 % off for children under 16	2015 Safari Awards , the Oscars of the Safari industry , are a useful guide to the best available tours Award winners include the Norman Carr Walking Safari in Zambia that offers treks along the Luwi River In India , there 's the chance to glimpse tigers at the the Samode Safari Lodge in Madhya Pradesh
What a difference a year makes ! Last year 's address by President Vladimir Putin to the Federal Council , the joint session of both houses of Russian parliament , was a rather low-key affair by international standards and the world was not exactly losing sleep over it , apart from the usual talking heads on Russian television and newspaper commentators who were listing the main points of the speech without much excitement . Ukraine was mentioned in last year 's address in the sense that Russia was planning to continue working with it with the view of promoting Ukrainian membership of the Customs Union , as part of the bigger Euroasian project . There was no talk of the military build-up and on the economy nothing extraordinary was proposed . On the whole there was no sense of urgency present in the measures suggested . But since then the situation has changed dramatically , with Russia finding itself in a bitter stand-off with the West over the crisis in Ukraine and the new status of Crimea that has become part of Russian territory . So the annual address delivered by Putin this time round was completely different in its tone and rhetoric and it was no wonder that the media , both Russian and foreign , were watching it carefully for any signs that would give an idea of how the Kremlin intends to deal with the new realities . Putin made it clear that Crimea was going to remain Russian and if anyone had other ideas , well , tough luck . He also made the point of insisting that had the crisis in Ukraine not happened at all , the West would have found some other pretext to try to undermine Russia 's economic standing . He even went as far as saying that this policy of containment of Russia by the West dates back years , decades and even centuries : obviously music to the ears of those people in Russia who always said trusting the West was a bad idea . The Russian president warned the West that Russia was prepared to defend itself militarily , should the need arise , and was not going to allow anyone to achieve military superiority over it -- unimaginable a year ago . On the economy Putin refrained from coming up with any dramatic reforms , like for , example , having a closer look at some of the past privatizations schemes and the way they had been conducted and he did not propose any radical changes with the aim of diversifying the economy that is greatly dependent on the sale of oil and gas . What was unusual , though , was his proposal of a one-off amnesty to Russians who are holding their money abroad , offering them to bring it back into the country without fear of having to explain its origins . It remains to be seen whether this offer will be taken by the Russian rich who keep their money abroad in off-shore accounts , considering that the ruble is currently in freefall . Putin did send a signal to banks and investors who were , as he put it , "  rattling the rouble . " The message was primarily directed at state-owned companies and banks that have been lured by large returns from forex operations at a time of the ruble sliding and occasionally picking up strength . Will they listen to him , these barons who get paid more than most top execs in Western companies ? To sum it up , the Kremlin appears to have no taste for any drastic economic measures and will continue to pursue the line that Western sanctions hurt not just Russia but the West as well . Putin has always been known for treading carefully and avoiding any sudden movements or changes in the economy , something that his critics say may have actually prevented Russia from having a more flexible and durable economy . As a result the speech disappointed both liberals and nationalists , as it failed to offer either a dramatic liberalization of the economy or any move to put it on the "  mobilization rails , " as if a war was imminent . But on the whole the speech showed a confident president who still enjoys a very health popularity rating of over 80 % and who can expect the country to stay united behind him , considering that the impact of sanctions and falling oil prices has yet to be felt by most of the population . In fact , the fall of the oil prices is being offset by a weak ruble , as the government sells "  black gold " in dollars and gets plenty of rubles to play with . But if the oil prices fall well below $ 60 per barrel , as some experts are predicting , that would be tough to stomach for Russia , even with its substantial hard currency reserves totaling around $ 450 billion . In the meantime Putin can afford to remain defiant and challenge the West . But who knows how long this situation can last ?	Russia finds itself in bitter stand-off with West over Ukraine crisis , new status of Crimea President Putin made it clear that Crimea was going to remain Russian , says Alexander Nekrassov Nekrassov : Kremlin appears to have no taste for drastic economic measures Sanctions and falling oil prices yet to be felt by most Russians , so Putin still popular - Nekrassov
Port Vila , Vanuatu  CNN  Tropical Cyclone Pam had already been battering Vanuatu 's capital for hours when the River Prima suddenly flooded its banks . A wall of water and mud surged through Sam Upan 's house , toppling the walls of the neighboring church where he serves as a deacon . It was midnight on Friday , and he had no choice but to wade out into the gale force wind and darkness . "  The water was up to my waist ! " he says . Upan eventually made it to higher ground , taking shelter on a parked van . Fortunately , he had sent his family away before the storm to a shelter in the center of the capital , Port Vila . But on Monday , three days after the storm struck , Upan and his daughters sit in the debris strewn rubble of their home . On Sunday , he built a temporary shack for them to sleep under . A bundle of bananas donated by a friend lies nearby in the mud . It 's the only food the family has to eat . Nearby , Upan 's daughter Elsie slowly scrubs mud out of a shirt . Other families all across this tropical town are facing similar difficulties in the aftermath of the storm . To many Westerners , Vanuatu is a holiday destination boasting crystal blue waters and luxury yachts . But it 's also one of the poorest nations in the Pacific , and many of its 260,000 inhabitants live in flimsy houses built of thatch or metal sheets . Those vulnerable homes were dealt a fearsome blow over the weekend by Cyclone Pam , one of the strongest storms ever to make landfall . The aid group Oxfam is warning that the cyclone may have caused "  one of the worst disasters ever seen in the Pacific . " The storm rampaged across Vanuatu 's sprawling archipelago of more than 80 islands on Friday and Saturday , wielding 155 mph  250 kph  winds . About 65 islands in the archipelago are inhabited . The full extent of the devastation remained unclear Monday . With communication lines to many of the outer islands cut , it could take days or even weeks to emerge . Eleven people have so far been confirmed dead , according to Vanuatu authorities said . But the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said the toll was expected to rise . The agency said 3,300 people were taking shelter in 37 evacuation centers . How to help Vanuatu residents Vanuatu President Baldwin Lonsdale told CNN the destruction was the worst his country had ever experienced , describing the storm as "  a monster . " He said it would take the developing nation "  a couple of years " to get back to where it was before Pam struck . In the capital , Port Vila , residents were still reeling from the storm 's impact . Thousands of people have been left homeless and many who rely on subsistence farming to get by have seen their main source of food wiped out . Most people live on root crops , said Jonathan Napat , a ranking natural disaster official . "  What the people depend on entirely is just wiped out . " He was overwhelmed by the dimension of the food loss . "  Just unbearable . Just too much to contain , " he said . A CNN team that arrived in the capital Monday saw more than 100 people taking refuge in church . In one valley , trees were snapped in two or stripped of leaves . Many residents said it was the worst storm that they can remember . And that 's in a Pacific nation that 's regularly hit by cyclones . Officials say Cyclone Pam destroyed or badly damaged 90 % of the houses in Port Vila , as well as flooding parts of the hospital and trashing schools and churches . There were some small signs of progress around the capital . A lack of electricity and running water has n't stopped residents from starting the hard work of clearing away fallen trees and branches , as well as the corrugated metal roofing that Pam ripped off thousands of buildings . The sound of chainsaws and handsaws can be heard throughout the shell-shocked community . The main airport is back in business , allowing military aircraft from Australia and New Zealand to bring in aid workers and supplies . The first commercial flight since the storm landed Monday . But the big unknown remains the scale of the destruction the huge storm wrought on the outer islands to the north and south of the capital . "  It 's certainly deeply concerning because those islands down there were incredibly hard hit , " said Tom Perry , a spokesman for the aid organization CARE International . Many people now lack the basics of life : clean water , food and shelter . "  Homes have been lost , crops are destroyed . The damage is enormous , and people need our help , " said Aurelia Balpe , head of the Red Cross in the Pacific . "  Yet it will still take some time before we really understand the full extent of the damage . " Some 60,000 children are in need of assistance , UNICEF reported Sunday . Vanuatu has officially declared a state of emergency , opening the door for other countries to help . The country 's remote location adds to the challenges facing the international response . Port Vila is more than 1,770 kilometers  1,100 miles  northeast of Brisbane on Australia 's east coast , and some 2,200 kilometers north of Auckland , the closest city in New Zealand . CNN 's Ivan Watson reported from Port Vila , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Pamela Boykoff , Kristie LuStout , Madison Park and Lynda Kinkade contributed to this report .	The death toll of 11 is expected to rise , a U.N. agency says Vanuatu 's President tells CNN the cyclone has set his nation back by years Aid agencies say they fear severe destruction in communities on outlying islands
EW.com  -- Everything is on fire in "  Wrath of the Titans . " Sam Worthington , as the mighty Perseus  otherwise known as the dude who slayed the Kraken  , takes on a two-headed griffin-like creature that trashes a village with its incendiary breath . The spears and tridents that various warriors keep clutching glow in their fists like molten iron . And the film 's most deluxe monster is Kronos  father of Zeus , Hades and Poseidon  , who , after being overthrown and imprisoned , has now risen up in the form of a really , really gigantic giant made entirely of volcanic rock and ash , with humungous arms that disintegrate and reconstitute themselves as they throw off fiery streams of lava . For a movie that 's basically all warmed-over pseudo-mythology and special effects , "  Wrath of the Titans " is certainly more fun , in its solemnly junky way , than "  John Carter . " It may also be a little more fun than its cheeseball predecessor , the 2010 remake of "  Clash of the Titans . " A lot of the digital effects are quite good , though that prompts me to ask : Why do the camerawork and editing have to be so jittery ? In the old days , movies used to invite us to sit back and gaze at monsters , to really drink them in . The beasts did n't need to be photographed as if we were watching "  Saving Private Kraken . " The other limitation of "  Wrath of the Titans " is that the dialogue is mostly made of wet cardboard . What there is of it consists of actors like Liam Neeson , Ralph Fiennes , and   dgar Ramrez  as the evil Ares  staring at each other and saying " You 're my brother and you betrayed me ! " or " You 're my son and you betrayed me ! " We get it : The gods are losing their power , there 's a whole lot of betrayal going on , and this means , somehow , that the world is about to end . It 's up to Perseus to amass an army to fight Kronos and the forces of chaos . Maybe it 's just my imagination , but Sam Worthington seems to be getting slightly less stiff as an actor . He now smiles occasionally , and he 's at least risen to the soulful inexpressiveness of the young Ryan O'Neal . For a movie like "  Wrath of the Titans , " which is basically "  Gladiator " crossed with "  Lord of the Rings " crossed with a special-effects demo reel  call it "  Lord of the Rinky-Dink "  , he 's the perfect actor . And that 's because he never threatens to overshadow all that fire . B -- See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sam Worthington plays the mighty Perseus in "  Wrath of the Titans " A lot of the digital effects are quite good Worthington seems to be getting slightly less stiff as an actor
CNN  -- A number of establishment Republicans are privately blasting former Rep. J.C. Watts and his comments about considering a run for the chairmanship of the Republican National Committee . They call him arrogant for even suggesting he could do the job , and some have said the talk is more about his ego than a vision for the party . In fact , he has been likened to former RNC Chairman Michael Steele . Both are conservative , but clearly that comparison is based on their skin color and not anything else . The Republican Party establishment should tread carefully here , because even if members choose not to vote for Watts -- if he decides to even seek the job -- it is his skin color and perspective that is central to the GOP having any sort of presidential future . We might as well not play footsie : The Republican Party is a group largely composed of and targeting white Americans . Yes , there are minority Republicans . But considering how President Obama was able to destroy Mitt Romney at the ballot box last month with a racial coalition that rolled up massive support among blacks , Hispanics and Asians , the GOP has a problem . The day has passed when the GOP can win the presidency by focusing on white Americans . Folks , this is simple math . With the nation moving toward becoming a majority-minority country , the Republican Party can not afford to continue to ignore , alienate and , frankly , tick off minority voters . What J.C. Watts is trying to do is to get party leaders to understand that as a former college football legend at the University of Oklahoma , he knows when a failed game plan needs to be thrown out . In football , if you lose , you often get rid of the coach and find someone who can recruit better players to put you on the path to winning . Opinion : GOP , break Grover Norquist 's grip on you Does that mean the GOP should throw out RNC chairman Reince Priebus ? Not necessarily . But it is abundantly clear that the modern-day GOP had better find a new game plan or it is going to be on the outside of the Oval Office for quite some time . J.C. Watts is no stranger to this discussion . When he served in the leadership of the House Republican Conference as a member of Congress from Oklahoma , he often tried to quietly address these issues within the party , and his comments often fell on deaf ears . Now Watts can look to his Republican buddies and say , "  Did n't I tell you ? Now are y' all ready to pay attention ? " But as long as guys like Mitt Romney surrogate John Sununu , a former New Hampshire governor and chief of staff to President George H.W. Bush , continue to assert that people voted for President Obama because of handouts , the GOP will resemble that old , drunk uncle you hate to invite over for family dinners because he manages to make everyone look foolish . The Republican Party 's problem is n't that its members have to better explain its policies to minorities . No . It 's that they all need to shut up and listen . Yes , listen . Because every time top GOP officials open their mouths , all they seem to do is insult the very people they need to vote for them . This is about relationships . It is about having a dialogue . It 's about listening to what Americans desire and seeing where there is agreement , whether it 's education , the environment , entrepreneurship , sentencing reform , immigration or a host of other issues . Too often , the GOP is afraid to talk to minorities , especially black folks , and that results in turning them off in a huge way . And just saying , "  Look ! We have elected some minorities to office " ai n't gon na cut it . How did having a Hispanic governor in New Mexico and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio help Mitt Romney in the last election ? J.C. Watts understands that being able to commuincate with black , Hispanic and Asian business owners about issues other than taxes is going to make a difference . Sorry , GOP , just touting smaller government and fewer taxes wo n't cut it . The discussion must be broad and touch upon the issues that affect these voters every day . And the only way a Priebus can even understand how to talk to and work with black folks is having a relationship with the likes of J.C. Watts , Colin Powell , Texas Education Commissioner Michael Williams , Florida Lt. Gov. Jennifer Carroll , South Carolina Rep. Tim Scott , former Citigroup and Time Warner chairman Richard Parsons and so many others and say , "  Please , take the time to educate me on the issues and concerns resonating among black folks , and how our agenda can appeal to them . " Then you sit back , shut up and take notes . Opinion : The GOP is tone-deaf on fiscal cliff The same needs to happen with other constituencies that the Democratic Party has dominated . This is the only effective way the GOP will come to grips with the enormous problems it has in these communities . The party first must know why there is so much resistance , and then go about methodically addressing the issues . And that will mean having an extraordinary outreach program that must be funded and staffed . The fact is , the massive outreach effort that is needed may not pay off for the GOP in 2016 . But laying the groundwork today could mean seeing the fruits of that labor then and beyond . But I can guarantee the GOP one thing : If it ignores minority constituents and dismisses them , it will get destroyed at the ballot box . The only way for fruits to grow is if the seed is planted , cultivated and tended to . The GOP has been unwilling to get its hands dirty and do the hard work when it comes to minority voters . Keep it up and it will starve to death . I guarantee . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Former Rep. J.C. Watts might run for the chairmanship of the Republican National Committee Some establishment Republicans are blasting him , says Roland Martin But if the GOP wants any kind of future , it should listen to Watts very closely , Martin says It 's time for the GOP to "  sit back , shut up and take notes , " says Martin
Adam Ritchie , a Domino 's Pizza manager in Cheyenne , Wyoming , said he 'd never received a call like the one he got Monday night . "  I need to feed my whole plane , " the caller told him . "  Lucky me , I hear 160 people . It ended up being like 38 pizzas , " Ritchie told CNN . A Frontier Airlines flight from Washington to Denver was diverted to Cheyenne because of bad weather . The plane was stuck on the ground for nearly two hours . The food on board was gone , so the pilot decided to order pizzas for everyone , a passenger told CNN affiliate KDVR . Each row got its own pie . "  Next thing you know , Domino 's Pizza was rolling up to the plane , " passenger Logan Torres told CNN . She sent CNN photos of flight attendants passing out boxes . Frontier Airlines spokeswoman Tyri Squyres said she was n't surprised at all by what the pilot did . "  This is not unusual for our pilots to go above and beyond to care for our customers , " she said . "  We have some great pilots who work here . " The hidden beauty of airport runways , and how to decipher them The best ways to kill time at airports Future of travel : Cheap flights , more rail and hands-free cars	Flight from Washington to Denver was diverted because of bad weather The plane was stuck on the ground in Wyoming for about two hours There was no more food aboard , so the pilot decided to order pizza
CNN  -- A man who shot his wife and three children to death before committing suicide in Middletown , Maryland , last weekend had about $ 460,000 in mortgage and credit card debt , the local sheriff said Tuesday . Five people , including three young children , were found dead in this house in Middletown , Maryland . Deputies who examined a computer taken from Christopher Wood 's home found information that showed "  severe financial difficulties , " including money owed on a home in Florida that the family had been unable to sell , Frederick County Sheriff Charles Jenkins said at a news conference . Wood was a salesman for CSX Railroad , where he earned about $ 97,000 a year , the sheriff said . He left six suicide notes , according to authorities . Jenkins said the medical examiner had determined that Christopher Wood , 34 , shot himself with a shotgun Friday after shooting his wife , Francie Billotti-Wood , and their three young children -- Chandler , 5 ; Gavin , 4 ; and Fiona , 2 -- with a small-caliber pistol . "  Traumatic lacerations " found on the bodies were made after their deaths , with either a kitchen knife or a pruning saw , the sheriff said , quoting the medical examiner . Both items were found in the house . "  The injuries were very horrific , " the sheriff said . The wife and children apparently were killed while they slept Thursday night into Friday , Jenkins said . Authorities found a shotgun next to Christopher Wood 's body and a .25 - caliber handgun in a container in the kitchen . Sheriff 's Office Cpl. Jennifer Bailey said Tuesday it was not yet known whether the handgun found was used in the killings . The federal Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives agency was trying to trace the ownership of the pistol and shotgun . Authorities said Wood left individual suicide notes to his wife and each of the three children , expressing his sorrow and love . There was one note left to his mother , father and sister , and one more that was not addressed to anyone in particular but that was more apologetic than the others . In his sixth note , Wood described his "  day-to-day stresses , " Bailey said . "  That one talks about financial problems , how he was going to raise his family , stresses , how he tried a number of medications to control his depression , but felt he had gotten worse over time , " Bailey said . Jenkins said several medications were found in the house , including some used to treat depression and anxiety . Bailey said deputies went to the house shortly after 9 a.m. Saturday , after Francie Billotti-Wood 's father found the bodies . Her father , concerned because he had not seen members of the family for about a day , had gone to the house and forced his way in when no one answered the door . Jenkins said the sheriff 's office had no record of domestic violence or other family disputes at the Woods ' home . He said the results of toxicology tests wo n't be available for a few weeks .	NEW : Christopher Wood was $ 460,000 in debt , sheriff says NEW : Family was unable to sell Florida home , computer reveals Sheriff : Man apparently killed his wife and three young children , then shot himself
CNN  -- It 's not exactly the war of the roses , but a New York couple is taking a divorce case to a new level . Dr. Richard Batista  left  and his attorney , Dominick Barbara , says the divorce case is not just about a kidney . Dr. Richard Batista and his wife , Dawnell , are fighting over a kidney he gave her . Batista and his attorney , Dominick Barbara , appeared on CNN 's Larry King Live on Wednesday to discuss the case and why he filed a lawsuit . The following is an edited version of the interview . Larry King : When did the wife need the kidney ? Richard Batista : Well , she needed three of them . The one that I donated was back in 2001 . King : Who else donated ? Batista : Her father donated the first kidney in -- well , I 'm going to go back -- when she was 13 years old . The second kidney she needed after two years of our marriage and that was back in 1992 . Thereafter , we had three children , prompting the third kidney transplant , which took place in 2001 . King : How is she doing now ? Do you know ? Batista : To the best of my knowledge , I understand that her kidney is doing better than mine . King : When did the marriage go bad ? Batista : It 's hard to say , but it was not on a good foundation around the time of the third transplant . King : What 's it like , by the way , to donate a kidney ? Batista : Well , it is probably the most wonderful feeling that you can possibly ever imagine on this planet . King : Is the surgery difficult ? Batista : The surgery , for me , was performed arthroscopically , so I have several port incisions , with a separate hand incision to allow for the kidney to be extracted . The surgery discomfort and pain itself was not all that horrendous , very tolerable . I was on my feet the following day . King : What was the cause of the divorce ? Batista : Well , she has her allegations . King : What were yours ? Batista : Infidelity . That 's my reason . Dominick Barbara : Actually , Larry , in the state of New York , it 's one of the grounds for divorce . When the show started , you mentioned the demand for the kidney or the value . Really , that 's not what 's going on . We use that as an example of what the doctor wants . What the doctor wants is , A  health to be taken into consideration in the division of the assets , whether or not she 'd be entitled to maintenance or not . But most of all ,  what 's  being done so he can be part of the children 's lives . That 's what really this case is all about . King : He 's not allowed to be part of their lives now ? Batista : It is my belief that the influence that the children are under , from the household , has put such a pressure on them that they no longer have visitation time with me , despite my most strongest efforts , both through phone call attempts through their mother and through the court system . King : What is he going to do with a kidney back ? Barbara : He does n't want the kidney . Remember , this is a God-like act when one gives a kidney . You can certainly understand that . No , what he wants the court to do is take into consideration what he 's done , what a wonderful thing it is he 's done and some understanding from the court . You know , it 's so strange ; here he does this , and when he says he 's allowed to see his children , well , legally he is , but these children have been so alienated from him . By the way , prior to the divorce , you should know that this was a 24/7 dad . The children loved him dearly . He 's a broken-hearted man from that . Before we started the litigation , we thought very deeply how it 's going to affect everyone . It was out of desperation that he did it . King : Dr. Batista , you think this might affect other people donating kidneys ? Batista : I hope , at the very least , first of all , I have to say that the real issue here is for me to get my children back . Aside from that , to draw light to the lack of kidney availability , to the number of poor and dying patients across the country who are yearning to live . I hope , and it 's my prayer , that this fallout will help enlighten those people who have any question about organ donation come forward , because there are so many people who are dying as a result of not having an organ . King : In view of how bitter this has gotten , Dr. Batista , if you had to do it over again , would you not donate it ? Batista : Without hesitation , I would give another kidney .	New York doctor , soon-to-be-ex-wife fighting over kidney he gave her in 2001 Doctor tells CNN 's Larry King "  real issue " is to get his children back Doctor says he hopes case will not deter organ donation
EW.com  -- "  Transformers : Age of Extinction " showed its summer might once more by holding onto the No. 1 spot in its second weekend of release , grossing an estimated $ 36.4 million from 4,233 locations and effectively shutting out the slate of new releases . Michael Bay 's explosive epic also hit $ 400 million internationally after just 12 days in release . But , overall , it was a quiet holiday weekend at the box office , and the gap between 2013 and 2014 summer earnings only continues to grow . None of the week 's new releases were ever going to match last year 's Despicable Me 2 opening . Among the weekend openers was Warner Bros. ' R-rated comedy "  Tammy "  C + Cinema Score  , which managed to take in just $ 21.2 million in its first weekend in release and $ 32.9 million across the five-day , cooling star Melissa McCarthy 's recent box office hot streak . The second place opening is n't a disaster by any means $ " the pic only cost $ 20 million to produce $ " but it also did n't meet the studio 's modest expectations  $ 37 million across five days  . On top of that , the lousy Cinema Score means that this one will drop hard and fast . In third place , Screen Gems ' and Jerry Bruckheimer Films ' "  Deliver Us From Evil "  B - Cinema Score  grossed an estimated $ 9.5 million from 3,049 locations this weekend , bringing its five-day total to $ 15 million . The "  based on true accounts " supernatural tale reportedly cost $ 30 million to produce . It also earned $ 2.5 million from 16 markets internationally . Sony 's 22 "  Jump Street " snagged the fourth place spot in its fourth weekend with $ 9.4 million from 3,324 locations . That 's only a 41 percent fall from last weekend for the comedy , which now boasts a domestic total of $ 158.9 million . Fox 's "  How to Train Your Dragon 2 " rounded out the top five with an $ 8.75 million weekend . 1 . Transformers : Age of Extinction -- $ 36.4 million weekend  $ 174.7 million domestic 2 . Tammy -- $ 21.17 million weekend  $ 32.91 million domestic total 3 . Deliver Us From Evil  $ " $ 9.5 million  $ 15 million domestic total 4 . 22 Jump Street -- $ 9.4 million  $ 158.85 million domestic total 5 . How to Train Your Dragon 2 -- $ 8.75 million  $ 140 million domestic total "  Earth to Echo , " meanwhile , opened at No. 6 and earned an estimated $ 8.25 million across the three-day and $ 13.5 million over its five days in release from 3,230 screens , failing to meet analyst and distributor expectations by a few million dollars . Relativity bought the family-friendly pic from Disney in 2013 , which follows a group of friends who discover an alien in their small town and resolve to help him find his way home . The inexpensive pic  $ 13 million  was released over the holiday in an effort to provide counter-programming to a slate mostly devoid of family films  an industry low since 2007  . And , while it may have missed the mark opening weekend , the A - Cinema Score could indicate that word of mouth will be strong for this movie and that it 'll perform decently across the next few weeks . In notable expansions , distributor Lionsgate rolled out Dinesh D'Souza 's "  America "  A + Cinema Score  to 1,105 theaters this weekend where it brought in an estimated $ 2.7 million , bringing its domestic cume to $ 4.04 million . Snowpiercer also expanded to 250 theaters and took in $ 998K across the three day weekend . Check back in next weekend to see if "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes " can help salvage this summer 's box office slump . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	` Transformers ' held on to the No. 1 spot Overall it was a quiet holiday weekend "  Tammy " had a lackluster performance
CNN  -- Mississippi 's governor has signed into law a bill requiring physicians performing abortions in the state to be a board-certified obstetrician-gynecologist and to have admitting privileges at an area hospital . "  I believe that all human life is precious , and as governor , I will work to ensure that the lives of the born and unborn are protected in Mississippi , " Gov. Phil Bryant said in a statement Monday . He has previously expressed his desire that the state become "  abortion free . " Seven other states require abortion providers to have hospital privileges , but no other state requires that an abortion provider be an OB/GYN , said Elizabeth Nash , state issues manager for the Guttmacher Institute in Washington . Though the 1973 Supreme Court landmark decision in Roe v. Wade made abortion legal in all 50 states , Mississippi 's law could make the state the first where no abortions could be performed , she said . "  It 's an attempt to eliminate access without taking on Roe directly . " Mississippi has only one abortion facility , Jackson Women 's Health Organization . Should it close , Mississippi women seeking abortions would have to leave the state . The clinic 's owner , Diane Derzis , said in a telephone interview this month that all her doctors are obstetrician-gynecologists , but only one has admitting privileges at an area hospital . She vowed to fight to remain open . "  We are going to do everything we can to remain there ... we are not going to let the women of Mississippi down , " said Derzis . But Lt. Gov. Tate Reeves previously said that the bill "  should effectively close the only abortion clinic in Mississippi . " The bill "  puts in place requirements that intentionally try to make it impossible for physicians to provide abortion services , " Felicia Brown-Williams , regional director of public policy for Planned Parenthood in Hattiesburg , Mississippi , said in early April . There is no medical reason to require physicians performing abortions be board-certified OB/GYNs or that they have admitting privileges , she said . If the clinic stops offering abortion services because it is unable to find providers with those qualifications , the bill "  would be a backdoor ban on abortion . " The Center for Reproductive Rights ' state advocacy counsel , Jordan Goldberg , said that , if the goal of the legislation is to impose restrictions on abortion providers that are not imposed on other medical providers offering similar care , then "  that would raise serious constitutional problems and a legal challenge would certainly be possible . " "  It 's not about medicine , " she said . "  It 's just about politics . " Last year , the state introduced a bill known as the Personhood Amendment , which would have defined life as beginning at the moment of conception . The bill was defeated by voters in November . In 2008 , the last year for which data are available , 2,770 abortions were performed in the state , according to Guttmacher . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Tom Watkins contributed to this report	The bill could force the state 's lone abortion clinic to close No other state requires an abortion provider to be an OB/GYN Governor : " "  I believe that all human life is precious " The law could make the state the first where no abortions can be performed
CNN  -- Calvino Inman had just stepped out of the shower one evening in May when a glimpse of his reflection in the mirror caused him to panic . "  I looked up and saw myself , and I thought I was going to die , " says the 15-year-old from Rockwood , Tennessee . His eyes were streaming tears of blood . Doctors are still searching for a medical reason for Calvino Inman 's tears of blood . Inman 's mother , Tammy Mynatt , says she immediately rushed him to the emergency room , but by the time they arrived , the bleeding had stopped . Doctors could n't see what the family was trying to explain . They returned home completely perplexed . When the bloody tears returned a few days later while Inman was on a camping trip , he was rushed back to the hospital . Mynatt hoped that once doctors finally witnessed the phenomenon , there would be answers . But that was n't the case . "  The people at the hospital said they had never seen anything like it , " Mynatt recalls . She says her son underwent an MRI , a CT scan and an ultrasound , but none of the tests had abnormal results . " ` We do n't know how to stop it , ' " Mynatt remembers being told by doctors . "  It just has to run its course . " Dr. Barrett G. Haik , director of the University of Tennessee 's Hamilton Eye Institute , says there is an answer , sort of . He says "  crying blood , " a condition called haemolacria , is common in people who have experienced extreme trauma or who have recently had a serious head injury . But a case such as Inman 's is still a medical mystery . "  What 's really rare is to have a child like this , " Haik says . "  Only once every several years do you see someone with no obvious cause . " Watch more on the teen who cried blood " Haik and a team of researchers published a 2004 study in the Journal of the American Society of Ophthalmic Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery looking specifically at children who developed unexplained , spontaneous episodes of bloody tears between February 1992 and January 2003 . Only four cases were recorded . Because of the rarity of the condition , experts anticipate Inman will have multiple tests from a variety of specialists , including hematologists  blood specialists  , ophthalmologists  eye specialists  and otolaryngologists  ear , nose and throat specialists  . Dr. James C. Flemming , also an ophthalmologist at the Hamilton Eye Institute , has been in touch with Mynatt and her son . He is reviewing Inman 's medical records for possible treatment . Flemming says complications to look for include blood clots , a growth or tumor near the eye , or even a simple infection . He also says the culprit could be something so tiny that none of the standard tests would pick it up . "  It 's a very hard thing to estimate , " Flemming says . "  You may have to watch expectedly for other symptoms to show up . " Inman 's analysis would also include a psychological evaluation to rule out the possibility that the bloody tears were faked . "  When you ca n't find an origin , you ca n't eliminate any of the possibilities " Haik explains . He says there have been cases where children seeking attention have found creative ways to simulate haemolacriatic symptoms . Still , Mynatt and her son are relieved to at least have more guidance . In an interview with CNN affiliate WATE , Mynatt was near tears herself explaining her frustration : "  I just truly want somebody to say they 've seen this and they can help us . " And that 's at least one reassurance Flemming and his team of experts at the Hamilton Eye Institute can offer . "  We get more positive talk now than negative . It really feels like there 's hope , " Mynatt says , relieved . But still , the possibility remains that after endless tests , the underlying cause may never be found . In all four cases Haik examined previously , the bleeding stopped on its own . "  As physicians , that 's disconcerting , because we like to have the answers , " Haik admits . Moreover , he says he knows from previous experience that the toll of not knowing is much worse for patients . "  I could always see the fear in their faces because no matter what we studied , we could n't find an answer . "	Tennessee teen started crying blood tears in May He suffers from a rare condition known as haemolacria , which means "  bloody tears " In four other cases , bleeding stopped spontaneously with no cause found
CNN  Bobbi Kristina Brown , the daughter of Bobby Brown and Whitney Houston , has "  global and irreversible brain damage , " according to her grandmother . Though the 22-year-old is no longer in a medically induced coma , she remains unresponsive , Cissy Houston said in a statement Monday after visiting her granddaughter . "  Meeting with the doctors and understanding that she can live in this condition for a lifetime truly saddens me , " Houston said . "  We can only trust in God for a miracle at this time . " Houston 's statement matched that from a source with knowledge of Brown 's condition , who told CNN on Monday that she remained in the same neurological state she has been in for nearly three months . She does not respond to visitors or familiar voices , and her eyes do not follow a person around the room , the source told CNN . She also has a tracheostomy in her throat , the source said . The reports come two days after Brown 's father , Bobby Brown , said his daughter 's condition had improved . "  I can say today , Bobbi is awake . She 's watching me , " Brown told the audience at Dallas ' Verizon Theatre . The audience cheered . In a statement Monday , an attorney for the Brown family said that Bobbi Kristina Brown 's condition has improved but that the kind of life she will lead remains to be seen . "  Doctors have indicated that she will have a long life , " attorney Christopher Brown said . "  However , Bobbi Kristina is presently embarking on a rehabilitation process , and the quality of her life will not be known for years to come . " Who 's who in the Bobbi Kristina Brown case ? Bobby Brown was in an "  emotional state " on stage when he made the remarks about his daughter being awake , according to the statement . "  She has made it out of ICU , opened her eyes and started a rehabilitation that will be long and hard , " said Bobby Brown 's wife , Alicia Etheredge-Brown .	Bobbi Kristina Brown has "  global and irreversible " brain damage , her grandmother says "  We can only trust in God for a miracle at this time , " Cissy Houston says Bobby Brown , her father , had said at a concert that she was "  awake "
CNN  -- I 'm a lover of books , great ones and not-so-great ones . And I also love lists . So it did n't surprise me when Amazon recently came out with its 100 Books to Read in a Lifetime . I was , however , more than a little shocked by the list , which crudely mixes categories , putting in a few classics , such as George Orwell 's "  1984 " and Charles Dickens ' "  Great Expectations , " alongside "  Kitchen Confidential " by Anthony Bourdain , "  Moneyball " by Michael Lewis , and "  Gone Girl " by Gillian Flynn . Really ? And do you think "  The Very Hungry Caterpillar " by Eric Carle should sit on the shelf of must-reads-before-dying with "  Pride and Prejudice , " the great masterpiece by Jane Austen ? In the novel category , should one read Jacqueline Suzann 's truly terrible "  Valley of the Dolls " instead of , say , Mark Twain 's "  Huckleberry Finn " or -- the greatest of all novels -- "  Middlemarch " by George Eliot ? For poetry , Amazon recommends Shel Silverstein 's "  Where the Sidewalk Ends " instead of the poems of Robert Frost or Walt Whitman or Emily Dickinson . For a great biography , we get Robert A. Caro 's admirable life of Robert Moses . But what about James Boswell 's "  Life of Johnson , " arguably the finest biography ever published ? Certain books here are familiar to high school students , including "  To Kill a Mockingbird , " "  Slaughterhouse-Five , " and "  Catcher in the Rye . " I do n't myself like any of these much , if truth be told . One of my sons recently graduated from high school , and he complained that in the past six years he had been asked every single year to read "  To Kill a Mockingbird . " Surely there are other books about race relations in the American South ? I also wonder about including so many recent popular novels , such as Jonathan Franzen 's "  The Corrections " or "  The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao " by Junot Diaz or , even more puzzling , "  The Secret History " by Donna Tartt . These books made a splash , and continue to find readers , but any one of a dozen or more books could have been substituted for these , and the books in this category would certainly change with the decades . In the '20s , everyone thought you should read "  Java Head " by Joseph Hergesheimer . In the '30s , you would have been asked to read "  Seven Who Fled " by Frederic Prokosch . I liked certain choices here , however : Tim O'Brien 's "  The Things They Carried " is certainly the best book about Vietnam ; more than that , it 's a dazzling work of art . John Irving 's "  The World According to Garp " will always deserve readers , as will "  The Road " by Cormac McCarthy and "  Lolita " by Vladimir Nabokov . But are these the 100 books you must read before you die or the 100 books Amazon will probably sell you before you die ? The latter , I think . If you 're going to die soon , I suggest reading "  Walden " by Henry David Thoreau , which did n't make Amazon 's list . It 's a sublime work of literature , a better memoir than any of the memoirs included here . And read "  The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin " before you read "  The Liars ' Club " by Mary Carr or "  The Year of Magical Thinking " by Joan Didion . The latter are fine books , but they should not crowd out Thoreau or Franklin . It 's sad to see that Shakespeare and Tolstoy do n't make the Amazon list . Nor do John Updike or Saul Bellow or Mark Twain . I 'd say that only about a third of the books on Amazon 's list are in any way essential reading . Buy these books , if you must . And die , if you must . But if you want to know what books you should really read before you die , look elsewhere . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jay Parini .	Amazon recently came out with its "  100 Books to Read in a Lifetime " Jay Parini : I was more than a little shocked by the list , which crudely mixes categories If you 're going to die soon , he suggests reading "  Walden " by Henry David Thoreau Parini : Only about a third of the books on the Amazon list are in any way must-reads
CNN  -- At least 12 people -- five United Nations peacekeepers , two U.N. staff members and five civilian contractors -- were killed Tuesday in an attack in South Sudan , U.N. officials said . The five U.N. peacekeepers were from India and were part of a convoy of 32 Indian peacekeepers that came under attack in an ambush in Jonglei , South Sudan , according to Syed Akbaruddin , spokesman for India 's Ministry of External Affairs . Four others in the Indian group were injured , he added . The U.N. said a total of at least nine peacekeepers and civilians were injured "  and some remain unaccounted for . " The U.N. mission in South Sudan said the attack was "  an ambush by unidentified assailants " near the settlement of Gumuruk in Jonglei , according to a U.N. news release . The area was frequently patrolled "  to provide protection to civilians , as well as providing armed escorts to humanitarian aid convoys , " the release said . UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon "  is appalled by the attack , " the U.N. said , adding that Ban stressed "  the killing of peacekeepers is a war crime that falls under the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court . " India is making arrangements to have the bodies of those killed returned to the country , according to Akbaruddin . There are 2,200 Indian peacekeepers deployed in South Sudan , he said . CNN 's Sumnima Udas contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N. says at least 12 people killed in the attack Ambush happened in Jonglei , South Sudan Five of the dead were U.N. peacekeepers from India They were part of convoy of 32 Indian peacekeepers , an Indian official says
CNN  -- Author Doris Lessing , who won a Nobel Prize for her life of literature , died Sunday at age 94 , her publisher , HarperCollins , said . The British author was best known for "  The Golden Notebook , " which is considered by many critics to be one of the most important feminist novels ever written . Lessing "  passed away peacefully " at her London home early Sunday , according to HarperCollins spokeswoman Susanna Frayn . Lessing began writing at 7 , which she said was not the result of inspiration , but her innate capacity . "  I was born to write , as other people are born to paint ... that 's all , " she said . "  Writers tell stories . This is what we do . " Lessing was awarded the Nobel prize in literature in 2007 at the age of 88 . The Swedish academy called her "  the epicist of the female experience " who had "  subjected a divided civilisation to scrutiny . " "  She is survived by her daughter Jean and granddaughters Anna and Susannah , " the publisher said . "  Her family has asked for privacy at this time . " Lessing was born to British parents in Persia  now Iran  . Much of her fiction was based on her experiences growing up in Southern Rhodesia  now Zimbabwe  , where she moved as a young child . Her mother raised her on storytelling , reading stories that Lessing gave her own spin when sharing them with her younger brother . These childhood stories evolved into the powerful fiction that made up her 50 books . Lessing , who dropped out of a school in the Rhodesian capital , Salisbury , when she was just 13 , developed her writing skills by reading the works of Dickens , Tolstoy , D.H. Lawrence and Dostoevsky . "  I educated myself by reading , " she said . In her Nobel Prize acceptance speech , Lessing spoke of the desperate struggle for knowledge of people in some developing countries . "  Not long ago a friend who had been in Zimbabwe told me about a village where people had not eaten for three days , but they were still talking about books and how to get them , about education . " She left home at 15 to work as a nursemaid but also started writing stories and later sold two of them to magazines in South Africa . Her first novel , "  The Grass is Singing , " was in her suitcase when she moved to London in 1949 , the HarperCollins statement said . Published in 1950 , it examines the tension between oppressed black Africans and white colonials . Lessing "  broke new ground " in 1962 with "  The Golden Notebook , " the publisher said . HarperCollins editor Nicholas Pearson called it "  a handbook to a whole generation . " "  But her many books have spoken to us in so many various ways , " Pearson said . "  Doris has been called a visionary and , to be in her company , which was a privilege I had as her editor towards the end of her writing life , was to experience something of that . Even in very old age she was always intellectually restless , reinventing herself , curious about the changing world around us , always completely inspirational . We 'll miss her hugely . " "  She was a wonderful writer with a fascinating and original mind ; it was a privilege to work for her and we shall miss her immensely , " longtime friend and agent Jonathan Clowes said Sunday . "  Doris Lessing was a one of the great writers of our age , " HarperCollins UK CEO Charlie Redmayne said . "  She was a compelling storyteller with a fierce intellect and a warm heart who was not afraid to fight for what she believed in . It was an honor for HarperCollins to publish her . " People we lost in 2013	NEW : HarperCollins UK CEO says Lessing had "  a fierce intellect and a warm heart " Lessing "  passed away peacefully " at her London home , publisher says "  I was born to write , " Lessing said Lessing won the Nobel prize in literature at the age of 88
Beijing  CNN  -- Chinese police have busted two child-trafficking rings after a six-month nationwide investigation , rescuing 178 children and arresting 608 suspects , the country 's Ministry of Public Security announced this week . Calling it "  the biggest achievement since the launch of a national campaign against human trafficking , " the ministry described in detail the joint effort of police forces in ten provinces in statement posted on its official website . A traffic accident in May in southwestern Sichuan Province unexpectedly led the authorities to a network of child-traffickers headed by man named Cai Lianchao , the ministry said . In August , police in southeastern Fujian Province uncovered another human trafficking ring led by a woman named Chen Xiumei , according to the statement . After gathering initial evidence on the two rings that kidnapped and sold children across China , the ministry said 5,000 police officers conducted a highly coordinated nationwide investigation for several more months before finally arresting the suspects last week . Officials placed rescued children in local orphanages while they tried to reunite them with their families , the ministry said . It added that female police officers were dispatched to take care of the children , some of whom were being treated for illnesses . "  We will strictly adhere to our policy of ` zero tolerance ' on child-trafficking , " the ministry emphasized in its statement . "  This policy is aimed at cracking down on the buyers ' market , " said Chen Shiqu , Director of the anti-human trafficking department at the Ministry of Public Security . "  We will ensure the buyers lose both their money and the purchased children , so that we can address the problem from the source by reducing the demand for kidnapped and trafficked children . " Since the government launched a national campaign against human trafficking in April 2009 , police have arrested almost 50,000 suspects , rescuing more than 18,000 children as well as some 35,000 women , the ministry said . Human trafficking is a major problem in China , with children and women being the primary victims . Premier Wen Jiabao pledged last week that the government would continue to crack down on the crime to protect women and children .	Chinese authorities rescue 178 children and arrest 608 suspects in a smuggling crackdown Traffic accident in May in southwest China unexpectedly led the authorities to network of child-traffickers China : Police have arrested almost 50,000 suspects , rescued more than 18,000 children since 2009
London  CNN  -- The reason for model Peaches Geldof 's death is still not clear , with an autopsy turning up inconclusive results , UK police said Wednesday . Authorities are still waiting for toxicology reports , which could take several weeks , police said . Geldof , the 25-year-old daughter of Irish musician and Live Aid organizer Bob Geldof and TV presenter Paula Yates , was found dead Monday at her home in Wrotham , Kent , southeast of London . Her sudden death prompted shock in the entertainment world and an outpouring of tributes from family , friends and fellow celebrities . According to Kent Police , it is being treated "  as a non-suspicious , unexplained sudden death . " Officers are continuing to investigate the circumstances , the force said . Geldof , who was married with two sons under the age of two , was only 11 years old when her own mother died of a drug overdose . In a poignant column for Mother and Baby magazine , published with the blessing of her family a day after her death , Geldof had written of the huge change her "  two fat little cherubs " had brought to her life . She had "  lived a life of wanton wanderlust " as she partied from Los Angeles to London , "  lost in a haze of youth and no responsibilities , " she wrote . "  But it was becoming boring . I wanted an anchor -- I craved it . And , when I had two wailing , smiling , joyful little blobs of waddling pink flesh , they became my entire existence , and saved me from one of pure apathy . " The transition could be tough , she said , but it was worth it . "  I had the perfect life -- two beautiful babies who loved me more than anything . It was , and is , bliss . " Her widower , rock musician Tom Cohen , said Monday he would bring up their sons , Astala and Phaedra , "  with their mother in their hearts every day . " In a statement , Bob Geldof said his family was "  beyond pain " and would cherish Peaches ' memory forever . A host of celebrities also paid tribute . TV mogul Simon Cowell tweeted his condolences : "  The few times I met Peaches she was a sweet , funny warm person . Much love to her family she has left behind . " CNN presenter Myleene Klass said : "  The news of beautiful Peaches is utterly devastating , God bless her babies . RIP mama xxx . " Geldof was the second daughter of Yates , who rose to fame in the 1980s as presenter of music show "  The Tube . " She died from a heroin overdose in 2000 , aged 41 . Yates had divorced Boomtown Rats singer Bob Geldof in 1996 after starting a relationship with INXS frontman Michael Hutchence . CNN 's Carol Jordan and Elaine Ly contributed to this report .	Police : Postmortem examination after Peaches Geldof 's death is inconclusive A toxicology report may take several weeks , police say Geldof , 25 , was found dead at her home in Kent , southeast of London In a column for a parenting magazine , she wrote of her bliss at being a mother to two babies
CNN  -- The mayor of Piedras Negras , Mexico , and the secretary of public works and transportation in the state of Coahuila were killed in a plane crash Wednesday , the government-run Notimex news agency reported . There was an explosion on the airplane while flying over the Escondido River , Notimex said . The news agency identified the men as Mayor Jose Manuel Maldonado and Coahuila official Horacio del Bosque Davila . The pilot , who was not identified , also was presumed dead . Coahuila Gov. Humberto Moreira Valdes confirmed the deaths , Notimex said . The aircraft , which took off from Piedras Negras , plunged into the Fragua Dam , the news agency said . Notimex said the aircraft was a Piper Cheyenne , a twin-engine turboprop plane . Patricia Rivero of the Coahuila 's prosecutors office told CNN officials were still at the scene and she did not have further information .	Explosion occurred aboard plane before crash , government-run news agency reports Piedras Negras mayor and Coahuila secretary of public works and transportation were killed The pilot , who was unidentified , also was presumed dead Crash is still under investigation , official said Wednesday
CNN  -- Israel came under attack Sunday on two fronts , according to the Israeli military . In an incident near the Israeli-Syrian border , a 15-year-old Israeli civilian was killed and two others were injured , the Israeli military said . "  Today 's event on the Syria border intentionally targeted Israelis . The explosion is the most serious attack against Israel in recent months , " the Israel Defense Forces tweeted from its official account on Sunday morning . "  This is not a case of errant fire , but of an intentional attack , " IDF spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner said . It was unclear whether the incident was connected to the Syrian civil war , but violence from that conflict has spilled over into northeastern Israel before . In response , Israel fired on nine Syrian army positions , including Syrian military headquarters and launching positions , the IDF reported . The IDF reported direct hits . On the southwestern side of the country , two rockets hit the Sha'ar Hanegev Regional Council , which borders Gaza , and an arrest was made of a "  terrorist carrying a hand grenade " who the IDF believes "  infiltrated Israel through the Gaza security fence , " according to the IDF 's blog . In response , the IDF "  targeted four terror activity sites in Gaza , " the blog said . Earlier Sunday , the Israeli military shot and killed two Palestinian men in the West Bank , medical officials said . Mohammad Mahmmoud Ismail , 30 , was killed during a raid in Ramallah . The Israeli military said it was investigating . In addition , Ahmad Saeed Khaled , 27 , was killed during a raid at a refugee camp in Nablus , a Palestinian doctor said . Khaled , a psychiatric patient , was going to morning prayers when he was shot in the legs , chest , and head , according to Dr. Ghassan Hamdan of the Palestinian medical relief society . The Israeli military said it shot a man who approached in a threatening manner in Nablus . "  The force called on the suspect to stop and after he failed to comply , they fired warning shots in the air . The troops then fired toward the suspect , after he did not cease to advance . Initial inquiry suggests that the suspect was mentally unstable , " the IDF said . An investigation is under way . The violence comes amid an Israeli operation in response to the kidnapping of three Israeli teenagers , one of whom is reported to be a U.S. citizen . The Palestinian medical sources say five people have died since the onset of the operation : four from Israeli military fire , and a fifth from a heart attack during a raid on his West Bank home . An additional 463 Palestinians , including children , had been arrested or detained as of Sunday morning , according to the Palestinian Prisoners Society . READ MORE : U.S. church dumps Israeli investments in protest Kareem Khadder wrote and reported on this story from Jerusalem and Brian Walker and Mark Morgenstein wrote this story in Atlanta	Attack from Syria kills Israeli teen , Israel fires back , IDF says 2 Palestinians were killed in the West Bank , officials say More rockets are fired into Israel from Gaza Violence comes amid operation in West Bank after kidnappings of 3 Israeli teens
CNN  -- Luis Suarez returned to Liverpool colors after an eight-game ban but the Uruguay striker could n't transform his side 's home fortunes as they were held to a 0-0 draw by Tottenham in the English Premier League . Suarez 's enforced spell on the sidelines came after the English Football Association found him guilty of racially abusing Manchester United 's Patrice Evra , but he could n't break the deadlock in a tense game . The point was a blow for both teams as third-placed Tottenham failed to grab a victory that would have seen them close within five points of leaders Manchester CIty , and three points of Manchester United in second . For Liverpool , the draw is their eighth at Anfield this season -- a run that has hit their chances of qualifying for the European Champions League . They sit seventh , four points behind Chelsea in fourth . After the match Liverpool manager Kenny Dalglish suggested Suarez should n't have been banned in the first place . He told Sky Sports : "  I 'm delighted that he is back . He should never have been away but we 've taken the punishment and we 've moved on . It would have been unfair to start him , he 's not played since Boxing Day . " Heavy fog in Liverpool meant that Tottenham 's manager Harry Redknapp was unable to attend the match -- his flight from London was canceled after he had spent the day in court where he is being tried on a charge of tax evasion . The first half offered little in the way of chances , Jay Spearing 's shot that arrowed just wide of Tottenham goalkeeper Brad Friedel 's post the highlight . But the game came to life in the second half as Friedel saved Martin Kelly 's long range shot before Suarez was introduced on 66 minutes to a standing ovation . The striker wasted little time making an impact , but for the wrong reasons , as he was booked for kicking Scott Parker in the stomach while attempting a volley . Suarez 's strike partner Andy Carroll wasted a clear chance when he blazed over from 12 yards out after he 'd taken down Steven Gerrard 's cross . It was Tottenham and Wales midfielder Gareth Bale who had the game 's best chance as he went clean through on goal six minutes from time but he sent his shot straight at Pepe Reina . In Spain , Granada beat Malaga 2-1 to climb out of the relegation zone in La Liga . Odion Ighalo 's opener for Granada was canceled out by Rondon but with nine minutes left Inigo Lopez scored the winner to move the home side into 14th place . Malaga remain eighth .	Liverpool and Tottenham draw 0-0 at Anfield in the English Premier League Striker Luis Suarez returns after eight-match ban for racist comments Liverpool dominate but Gareth Bale squanders a late chance for Tottenham Granada beat Malaga 2-1 in the Spanish League thanks to Inigo Lopez 's goal
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwean President Mugabe joined mourners Tuesday at a church service for Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai 's wife , who was killed last week in a car wreck . Robert Mugabe speaks at the memorial service for Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai 's wife , Susan . "  We are doing our best that we create a conducive environment and tell our supporters that the issue of violence must end , " Mugabe told hundreds of people at a service at Mabelreign Methodist Church in Harare . Afterward , about 30,000 people gathered at Glamis Stadium in Harare to remember Susan Tsvangirai . Many wiped away tears as speakers addressed them , and some later held up signs that said , "  We miss you mother , " and "  Goodbye Mama . " Tsvangirai , wearing dark sunglasses , stood impassively during one part of the ceremony . The service at the stadium was an extension of the church service , as the church could not accommodate all those who wanted to attend , Tsvangirai 's spokesman , James Maridadi , told CNN . Watch Tsvangirai at the memorial service " "  Most of us are in pain , but the majority of us are so shocked we could not feel the pain , " Movement for Democratic Change Secretary-General Tendai Biti told the crowd at Glamis Stadium , according to a MDC statement . Susan Tsvangirai was "  an activist and revolutionary in her own right , " Biti said . "  She believed in the same values as her husband in wishing to bring about democratic change in Zimbabwe through a new , people-driven constitution . " Biti said Susan Tsvangirai had given support and guidance to her husband , the longtime opposition leader and head of MDC . "  As a result , we must take her passing on as an inspiration and must stop feeling pity for ourselves , " Biti said , the MDC statement reported . The couple was traveling Friday from Harare to their rural home in Buhera when a truck collided with their vehicle , killing Susan Tsvangirai . The prime minister suffered minor injuries in the wreck , which occurred along a busy two-lane highway . Mark Weinberg , a spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in Harare , told CNN the truck belonged to a U.S. Agency for International Development partner who delivers medical supplies as part of a U.S.-British program . Edwin Tsvangirai , the prime minister 's eldest son , also spoke Tuesday to those gathered at the stadium , and said he saw the president differently after hearing Mugabe 's words at the church service . "  I would like to thank the president of Zimbabwe for his words today that made me change my understanding of him , " he said . Mugabe said the government will provide a state-assisted funeral for Susan Tsvangirai , who will be buried in Buhera on Wednesday . Some people traveled long distances to attend the stadium service . Marriam Garwe said she traveled 200 kilometers  124 miles  to be there . "  I want to pay my last respects to Mrs. Tsvangirai , " said Garwe , 43 , who is from Mutoko . "  I am sad that she died before Mr. Tsvangirai is the president . " Members of the MDC initially said that the prime minister believed Friday 's crash was an assassination attempt . Tsvangirai dismissed those assertions on Monday . "  When something like that happens there is speculation , but I want to assure you , if it was foul play it is one in a thousand , " he said after returning home from neighboring Botswana . "  It was an accident that unfortunately took her life . " Watch Tsvangirai say there was ` no foul play ' " After the crash , Biti said police should have provided better security for Tsvangirai . The wreck might not have happened , he said , if a police escort had been on hand . Tsvangirai has long been a leading opposition figure in Zimbabwe . His agreement to join the coalition government with Mugabe last month seemed to resolve an impasse created by the disputed presidential election between Mugabe and Tsvangirai last year . Tsvangirai received the most votes in the March 2008 election , but he fell short of the 50 percent required to avoid a runoff . He withdrew as a candidate in the runoff , citing political violence and intimidation targeting his supporters . Negotiations between the two sides culminated in the power-sharing agreement . .	Hundreds of people gathered at the Glamis Stadium in the capital , Harare Mugabe : "  Tell our supporters that the issue of violence must end " Susan Tsvangirai died Friday after car was hit by a truck head-on Tsvangirai : There was no foul play , "  It was an accident that ... took her life "
A Japanese governor has approved a measure to allow for the relocation of a controversial U.S. military base on Okinawa , breaking 17 years of stagnation on the base 's transfer plan , the government of Okinawa said Friday . The Okinawa prefecture 's Gov. Hirokazu Nakaima on Friday approved a landfill proposal by the Japanese central government that will permit the construction of new military facilities in a sparsely populated area . The Pentagon praised the move . "  This decision comes after many years of sustained effort between the United States and Japan , and it is the most significant milestone achieved in these realignment efforts so far , " Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said in a written statement , which the Pentagon initially attributed to Rear Adm. John Kirby , the Pentagon press secretary , before correcting it . "  The realignment effort is absolutely critical to the United States ' ongoing rebalance to the Asia-Pacific region and our ability to maintain a geographically distributed , operationally resilient , and politically sustainable force posture in the region . " The Futenma air base , which is in a highly populated area , has been unpopular with the island 's residents due to crimes committed by U.S. military personnel and allegations against them in the past . Many residents were incensed by the rape of a 12-year-old Japanese girl in 1995 by three U.S. military personnel . It sparked some of the worst anti-U.S. military demonstrations seen in Japan in decades . In 2002 , a U.S. staff sergeant in the Air Force was convicted of raping a Japanese woman in a parking lot outside a popular nightclub in Okinawa . Intense media coverage of the case brought pressure on the Japanese government to review its agreement with the United States about handling criminal cases in Japan involving the U.S. military . And allegations that a Marine raped a 14-year-old girl caused a furor in 2008 . The girl later decided not to pursue charges . In 2012 , three U.S. servicemen were arrested in connection with rapes in Okinawa . About half of all U.S. military personnel in Japan are stationed on the island . The stagnation of the relocation issue has been a thorn in the side of relations between Tokyo and Washington since 1996 when the two governments agreed on the original plan to move the base . Nakaima , the governor , also implied that escalating tension with neighboring countries pushed Okinawa to cooperate with the central government . "  Regardless the will of the Okinawa people , the tension is heightening on  the  international front . Okinawa needs to play a certain role for that , " he said . Okinawa administers the Senkaku Isands , a flash point in a territorial dispute between Japan and China . China claims them as territory and calls them the Diaoyu Islands .	The Pentagon praises the move as a "  significant milestone " Regional governor OKs a landfill proposal to permit construction of new military facilities Plan would take Futenma air base away from a more populated area Actions of U.S. service personnel have made base unpopular with residents
Thomas Eric Duncan left Liberia for the United States , by official accounts , a healthy man . Just over two weeks later , he passed away at a Dallas , Texas , hospital with Ebola . Duncan was admitted into isolation at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital on September 28 with common symptoms of Ebola : fever , vomiting and diarrhea . He later tested positive for the virus that has killed more than 3,400 people in West Africa . He was started on the experimental drug brincidofovir on October 4 -- far too long after he arrived at the hospital , his family has said . On Tuesday , the hospital reported that Duncan was on a ventilator and his kidneys were failing . Duncan died on Wednesday at 7:51 a.m. "  His suffering is over , " his partner Louise Troh said in a statement . "  My family is in deep sadness and grief , but we leave him in the hands of God . Our deepest sympathies go out to his father and family in Liberia and here in America . Eric was a wonderful man who showed compassion toward all . " Who was Duncan , besides the first person to be diagnosed with Ebola in the United States ? When did he start to feel sick , and why could n't the U.S. health care system save him ? "  The past week has been an enormous test of our health system , but for one family it has been far more personal , " Dr. David Lakey , commissioner of the Texas Department of State Health Services , said in a statement . "  The doctors , nurses and staff at Presbyterian provided excellent and compassionate care , but Ebola is a disease that attacks the body in many ways . We 'll continue every effort to contain the spread of the virus and protect people from this threat . " Who was Thomas Eric Duncan ? He was a 42-year-old Liberian citizen . Duncan 's Facebook page indicates that he 's from the Liberian capital of Monrovia , where he attended E. Jonathan Goodridge High School . Why did he come to the United States ? To visit family and friends . Duncan was visiting his son and his son 's mother in Dallas , according to Wilfred Smallwood , Duncan 's half-brother , who noted this was Duncan 's first trip to America . When did Duncan leave Liberia ? He departed the West African nation on September 19 , CDC Director Dr. Thomas Frieden says . How did he get Ebola ? Health authorities have n't said . Witnesses say Duncan had been helping Ebola patients in Liberia . Liberian community leader Tugbeh Chieh Tugbeh said Duncan was caring for an Ebola-infected patient at a residence in Paynesville City , just outside Monrovia . The New York Times reported that Duncan had direct contact with a pregnant woman stricken with Ebola on September 15 , days before he left for the United States . Citing the woman 's parents and Duncan 's neighbors in Monrovia , Liberia , the newspaper said Duncan had helped carry the ailing woman home after a hospital turned her away because there was n't enough space in its Ebola treatment ward . Was he screened for Ebola before getting on the plane ? Yes , according to Binyah Kesselly , board chairman of the Liberia Airport Authority . "  The first screening was at the gate , before you get to the parking lot . The second time is before you enter the terminal building and the third is before you board the flight . At every point your temperature is scanned . " His temperature at those checkpoints was a consistent 97.3 degrees Fahrenheit , Centers for Disease Control and Prevention chief Thomas Frieden told reporters Thursday . Yet on a health screening questionnaire , Duncan answered "  no " to questions about whether he had cared for a patient with the deadly virus and whether he had touched the body of someone who died in an area affected by the disease , Kesselly said . Complete coverage on Ebola When did his Ebola symptoms appear ? "  Four or five days " after his trip , according to the CDC 's Frieden . This does n't mean that Duncan actually got infected with Ebola in the United States . The incubation period for the virus is 2 to 21 days , meaning that a person could be infected with the disease for up to three weeks before showing any signs of it . When he did seek medical help ? Duncan first walked into Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas after 10 p.m. on September 25 . Smallwood reports Duncan had a fever and was vomiting during this first visit to the Dallas hospital . The hospital , in a statement , said he had a "  low grade fever and abdominal pain . " He underwent basic blood tests but was n't screened for Ebola , said Dr. Edward Goodman from the Dallas hospital . Duncan left the medical facility after being given antibiotics and a pain reliever , his friend said . "  His condition did not warrant admission , " the hospital said . "  He also was not exhibiting symptoms specific to Ebola . " Were flags raised that Duncan might have Ebola ? After being asked by a nurse , Duncan did say that he 'd traveled from Africa , said Dr. Mark Lester , executive vice president of Texas Health Presbyterian 's parent company . But that detail -- which might have raised an alarm that Duncan might have Ebola , since Liberia is one of the countries hardest hit by the virus -- was not "  fully communicated " to the medical team , according to Lester . When was he admitted to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital ? On September 28 . By the time Duncan arrived via ambulance , "  EMS had already identified potential need for isolation , " the hospital said . What treatment did he receive ? Duncan was given supportive therapy -- meaning fluids and other therapies that would help support his immune system while it was trying to fight off the virus . He was also started on the experimental anti-viral drug brincidofovir on October 4 . Since the drugs being used to treat Ebola are still experimental , it is up to each individual hospital to file the paperwork with the Food and Drug Administration for permission to get the drug from the manufacturer and use it . The hospital has declined to tell CNN when they filed for permission to the FDA to use brincidofovir . "  The care team has been consulting with the CDC and Emory , on a daily basis since Mr. Duncan was admitted to the hospital , discussing the possible course of treatment , including the use of investigational drugs , " hospital spokesman Wendell Watson said in a statement . Family questions wait on experimental drug Duncan was not given a blood transfusion with blood donated by an Ebola survivor , as Ebola patients Dr. Rick Sacra and Ashoka Mukpo were given in Nebraska . Why did he die ? The other Ebola patients brought to the United States for treatment are still alive . Three have been released from the hospital and one is reportedly in stable condition at The Nebraska Medical Center . So what 's different about Duncan ? As Lakey said , Ebola attacks the body in many ways . Experts estimate the current outbreak in West Africa has around a 71 % fatality rate . Supportive therapy can help , but there are no proven cures for the disease . Duncan did not start receiving treatment until several days after he started experiencing symptoms , which may have contributed to his rapid decline . What will happen to his body ? An Ebola patient 's body is still highly infectious . Any contact with the bodily fluids could result in transmission of the virus . "  Only personnel trained in handling infected human remains , and wearing PPE  personal protective equipment  , should touch , or move , any Ebola-infected remains , " CDC guidelines state . "  Autopsies on patients who die of Ebola should be avoided . " Duncan 's body will be enclosed in two bags and the bags will be disinfected for transportation , Texas health officials say . Then the body will be cremated .	Thomas Eric Duncan passed away on October 8 at 7:51 a.m. Duncan , 42 , is the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States Duncan had a fever , was vomiting when he went to a hospital ; he was sent home Liberian man was admitted to the same Dallas hospital , isolated days later
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Gunshots inside a celebrity-filled Sunset Strip party hosted by Chris Brown wounded three people early Sunday , a Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department spokesman said . Former rap mogul Marion "  Suge " Knight was among the wounded , a sheriff 's deputy confirmed . All three victims , two men and a woman , are expected to recover from their gunshot wounds , Deputy Jeff Gordon told CNN . The shooting happened inside the 1 Oak club on Sunset Boulevard in West Hollywood at 1:30 a.m. , Gordon said . Brown posted a tweet after the incident : "  It 's disappointing that we as a society ca n't have fun or enjoy ourselves without any altercations sometimes . Miss me with the bulls ** t !!! " Brown , who is still on probation for beating singer and then-girlfriend Rihanna on the eve of the 2009 Grammys , was hosting the party as a celebration of the MTV Video Music Awards , which will be held in Los Angeles on Sunday . A grainy cell phone video posted on Instagram shows Brown standing on the back of a couch and yelling in the aftermath of the shooting . Brown 's bodyguard can be seen trying to get him down . The singer has colored his hair blond and is wearing a white shirt and jeans in the video . Sheriff 's investigators are handling the shooting investigation , and no arrests have been made , Gordon said . One person inside the club tweeted , "  So 1oak just got shut up . Everyone ducked and ran . Walked out of the club with 20 cops pointing rifles at us . Chris Brown was pissed . " Knight , 49 , rose to fame and fortune after founding Death Row Records in 1991 and signing artists such as Snoop Doggy Dogg and Tupac Shakur . Knight was driving the car which which Shakur was a passenger when the rapper was shot to death in Las Vegas in 1996 . Shortly afterward , Knight spent several years in prison for violating parole on assault and weapons convictions . That prison time -- along with Shakur 's death , feuds between Knight and a number of rappers and desertions by Dr. Dre , Snoop and others -- contributed to the label 's bankruptcy in 2006 . This was not Knight 's first time being shot at a pre-VMA party . He was shot in his leg at a party hosted by rapper Kanye West at a Miami hotel on the eve of the 2005 VMA show . Brown makes ` strides ' to sobriety , ` personal growth , ' doctor says	NEW : Former rap mogul Suge Knight is one of the 3 people shot , deputy says "  It 's disappointing , " Chris Brown tweets about the outbreak of violence at party All three victims are expected to recover from their gunshot wounds , deputy says Sheriff 's Department investigating ; no arrests have been made
InStyle.com  -- Engagement season is in full swing , which , of course , means an influx proposals , but more importantly , tons of creative "  will you marry me ? " scenarios to top . Take a cue from these celebrities by jaunting off to memorable destinations for a proposal your partner wo n't forget  or turn down !  . Venice was the scene of Avril Lavigne and Dereyck Whibley 's engagement . St. Barts On their first date , Billy Joel took Katie Lee out to dinner , but on that November 2002 evening she got much more than a scene from an Italian restaurant . "  Afterward he took me to see "  Movin ' Out " -LSB- the hit musical based on Joel 's tunes -RSB- , got onstage and sang the last two songs , " recalls Lee , 23 , who was visiting New York from Ohio and first met Joel , 55 , in the lobby of the Peninsula Hotel , where both were staying . "  I knew he was trying to impress me . " It must have worked ; six months after that meeting she moved to Long Island , New York , to live with him , and in January 2004 he proposed on a trip to St. Barts . "  He got down on his knee , and it was a complete surprise , " Lee recalls . "  That made me feel really special . " Though Scott Wolf , 35 , of "  Everwood , " and Kelley Limp , 28 , formerly of "  Real World New Orleans , " credit a friend with setting them up , in a way they can thank Oprah Winfrey . "  When I first called Kelley , " says Wolf , "  she said , ' I just sat down with strawberries and chocolate milk to watch "  Oprah . " ' " Apparently it was not the best timing . "  Nobody calls me at 4 o'clock , " says Limp . "  It 's an unwritten rule that I 'm watching "  Oprah " . " So Wolf decided to catch the episode , and they discussed it afterward . The chatting continued over a dinner date at Raoul 's in New York City . A year later , on a trip to St. Barts , Wolf took Limp boating and pulled into a cove for a sunset dinner , where he gave her a Bruce Winston  son of Harry Winston  2.7-carat diamond ring . "  I said yes , like , 15 times , " says Limp . New York City It was Stephanie March 's first and last blind date ever . After weeks of delays , March , then starring on "  Law & Order : Special Victims Unit " , finally agreed to meet Food Network chef Bobby Flay for dinner at Nobu in New York . Within seconds of meeting Flay , her misgivings about blind dates were dispelled . "  I know it 's a clich , but I remember thinking , Oh my gosh , this is the rest of my life , " says March . She was right : Just before Christmas 2003 , Flay took March ice-skating at Rockefeller Center , where he surprised her with another kind of ice -- a princess-cut diamond ring -- and a proposal . Africa On the golf course during the 2001 British Open was probably the last place Tiger Woods , 28 , expected to meet his future wife , Elin Nordegren , 24 . The thunderbolt struck when fellow golfer Jesper Parnevik introduced Woods to Nordegren , who was then working as the Parneviks ' nanny . If his scores are any indication , Woods was more than a little distracted by the stunning Swedish former model . He lost the tournament but soon won her heart . And on a South African safari two years later , Woods proposed to Nordegren during a sunset stroll around the Shamwari Game Reserve . Nantucket , Massachusetts Devon Gummersall , 29 , thought he 'd blown it after a 1998 date with "  Quarterlife 's " Majandra Delfino , 27 . "  I showed up in this awful leather jacket , and Majandra was like , ` Who is this guy ? ' " recalls Gummersall , the former co-star of "  My So-Called Life . " After losing the leather , he reconnected with Delfino at a concert five years later -- and did n't miss a beat . Soon , the future groom bought a garnet ring from the Beverly Hills Watch Co. and hid it for a scavenger hunt on a Nantucket , Massachusetts , beach . Says Delfino , "  I dug up this white box , all sandy , and opened it . Devon said , ` Do you know what this means ? ' " Delfino definitely did . New Zealand The romance that blossomed between "  Two and a Half Men 's " Melanie Lynskey , 30 , and Jimmi Simpson , 31 , star of "  The Farnsworth Invention " on Broadway , surprised them both . The pair , who had become friends while co-starring in a Stephen King miniseries in 2000 , were sharing a taxi when "  good night " turned into a good-night smooch . "  We kissed each other unexpectedly ! " says Lynskey of the moment . "  Once that happened , I was head over heels for him . " Simpson chose a moonlit moment on the deck of Lynskey 's family beach house in New Zealand in 2005 to get down on one knee . "  He opened the ring box , " she recalls , "  but then he set it on the table . I was like , ` Can I try that on ? ' " Six months after Matthew Perry introduced them at a 2004 barbecue , actor Jonathan Silverman , 41 , proposed to "  Close to Home " actress Jennifer Finnigan , 28 , in a New Zealand rain forest . Hawaii Channing Tatum surprised his "  Step Up " costar Jenna Dewan with a weekend proposal in Maui in September 2007 . Tatum arranged to have close friends of the couple fly in for the festivities . Canada When commissioning an engagement ring for his girlfriend Heidi Klum , Seal had one key word for New York City jeweler Lorraine Schwartz : canary . Schwartz 's sister delivered the 10-carat yellow diamond stunner to Whistler , British Columbia , where Seal proposed to Klum on a glacier -- with the sunny piece of ice . England In May 2004 Jason Priestley arranged a trip to London , England , -- to the very street corner where he and girlfriend Naomi Lowde first met . Once there , Priestley presented Lowde with an emerald-cut , three-diamond ring by Steven Pomerantz . "  It became evident that my life was better with Naomi in it , " says Priestley . In the summer of 2006 , after 3 years of dating , "  Superman Return " star Brandon Routh purchased the 3-carat diamond ring that had caught girlfriend Courtney Ford 's eye during an earlier visit to Beverly Hills jeweler Neil Lane . But since the two were traveling for the "  Superman Returns " press tour , Routh asked Gilbert Adler , one of the film 's producers , to hold the ring until they arrived in England . "  Poor man ! " says Routh . "  He carried it around for two and a half weeks . " Finally , while picnicking in Glastonbury , England , Routh popped the question . Italy One year after Avril Lavigne and Dereyck Whibley 's friendship turned romantic , Whibley , 26 , proposed with a 5-carat diamond solitaire after a picnic and gondola ride in Venice , Italy . It was something of a shock for the bride-to-be . "  I might look like a tough chick -- and I am , " Lavigne once said , "  but I 'm a hopeless romantic inside . " Puerto Rico Just two days before Christmas 2007 , under a full moon at midnight in a bay off the coast of the Puerto Rican island of Vieques , Roselyn Sanchez and Eric Winter were seated in a double kayak , taking in the bioluminescent organisms shimmering in the water all alone , except for a tour guide in a second kayak . After giving an "  amazing speech , " Winter pulled out a 4.3-carat brilliant-cut diamond ring by Michael Barin , Snchez 's favorite jeweler . California "  I ca n't remember the exact day I knew she was the one ; I remember it was an accumulation of what she 's about , where she came from , and her family , " says tennis star Pete Sampras of his bride , Bridgette Wilson-Sampras . After nine months of dating , Sampras proposed to Wilson at his Los Angeles , California , home with a platinum ring with oval-shaped diamond from Cartier . The romance between Noah Wyle , 29 , and Tracy Warbin , 31 , a movie makeup artist , was born on the frigid Maine set of the 1997 film "  The Myth of Fingerprints . " Recalls Warbin , "  At the end of one shoot , there was a huge snowball fight . Noah pushed my face into a snowbank . It really , really hurt ! I knew then that he liked me , because it was so kindergarten-y . " Wyle concurs : "  It 's a technique I learned in grade school , and it 's worked for me ever since . " Three years later , on Valentine 's Day 1999 , at a picnic for two on the couple 's Santa Ynez , California , ranch , Wyle got down on one knee to propose , a marquise-cut diamond ring in hand . In February 2005 Christina Aguilera and her beau , Jordan Bratman , went on a Valentine 's Day getaway to Carmel , California , where Bratman proposed with a five-carat diamond-and-platinum ring by Stephen Webster . Eight months later , the pair -- who share a love of the wine country -- wed in Napa Valley . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Billy Joel proposed to Katie Lee in St. Bart 's Roselyn Sanchez and Eric Winter got engaged while in a double kayak Jordan Batman proposed to Christina Aguilera on a Valentine 's Day getaway Seal gave Heidi Klum a 10-karat yellow diamond on a glacier in Canada
CNN  -- Twenty-one U.N. peacekeepers being held by rebels in Syria were taken from an area near the Golan Heights for their own safety due to fighting there , Syrian opposition coalition President Moaz al-Khatib said Thursday . Al-Khatib told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour he wants the Red Cross to pick them up . "  There was a U.N. convoy at risk " in an area under bombardment for seven days when the rebels took the peacekeepers Wednesday , al-Khatib said . The rebels are "  ready to release them on the condition that the Red Cross come and receive them from the border , " al-Khatib said . Injured civilians , including women and children , should also be rescued by the Red Cross , he added . The 21 peacekeepers are Filipino , the Philippine government said earlier Thursday . "  The apprehension and illegal detention of the Filipino peacekeepers are gross violations of international law , " Philippine Foreign Affairs Secretary Albert del Rosario said in a statement . The peacekeepers are reportedly unharmed , and negotiations are under way to secure their safe release , the Philippine government said . The Department of Foreign Affairs said it is coordinating efforts with the United Nations ' peacekeeping agency . A spokesman with the U.N. peacekeeping department said the agency was still waiting Thursday for the release of its forces . The mission has spoken with the peacekeepers over the phone and confirmed they are unharmed , the spokesman said . U.N. spokesman Martin Nesirky told reporters Thursday that decisions on withdrawing peacekeepers from the Golan Heights rest with the U.N. Disengagement Observer Force . "  The security conditions on the ground are not easy and we have said so in recent days , " Nesirky said . "  It 's for the commander of UNDOF to be able to assess the security situation with regard to the mission and patrols they carry out . " A video posted on the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights ' YouTube website shows six of the peacekeepers sitting in a room . CNN could n't immediately verify the authenticity of the video . In it , one peacekeeper gives a statement to the camera : "  We are here safe in this place . We are here because while we are passing through position  unintelligible  to Jamlah , there were bombing and artillery fires . This is why we stopped and , civilian people tell us , for our safety , and distributed us in different places to keep us safe . And they give us good accommodation and give us food to eat and water to drink . " The rebels have said the peacekeepers entered a Syrian village near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights , an area where peacekeepers should not be and where intense fighting has been raging for days between rebels and government forces . The rebels said they suspected the peacekeepers were trying to aid their enemy -- the regime of President Bashar al-Assad . The United Nations said the peacekeepers were on a "  regular supply mission . " Two other videos that rebels posted on YouTube present the rebels ' point of view . In one , a rebel insists that the peacekeepers will be held until al-Assad 's forces withdraw from the village of al-Jamlah . The other video shows rebels walking near several U.N. trucks . "  This U.N. force entered Jamlah village to assist the regime ... and  the U.N. is  claiming that they are here just to stop the clashing , " a rebel says . Members of the U.N. Security Council condemned the detention of the peacekeepers . An Israeli official said Israel , which controls the Golan Heights , would not intervene in the situation . "  It 's happening in Syria . We are following it very closely , " the official said . " We ca n't and wo n't interfere in the events on the other side of the border . We have offered UNDOF  the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force  any kind of assistance they might require and we hope this ends quickly with no harm to anyone . " Earlier this week , al-Khatib posted on the rebels ' Facebook page a letter to U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , the leaders of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation and the League of Arab States . "  What is happening  is a  genocide for the Syrian people with the world watching and listening  and  will lead to the gravest consequences , " he wrote . "  The blood of the people of Syria will be a curse on the whole world if there " is "  no effective action , " it said . There has been "  hardly a Syrian village spared from the regime bombing , " the letter said . "  This might be the last message to you , " it warns . "  I call on you all to bear your international responsibilities before God and the people . " CNN 's Richard Roth and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	NEW : "  There was a U.N. convoy at risk " in an area being bombed , rebel leader tells CNN NEW : U.N. commander would have to decide on withdrawing peacekeepers Opposition President Moaz al-Khatib says Red Cross should also rescue injured civilians Peacekeepers were taken Wednesday from area near the Golan Heights ; U.N. demands their release
CNN  -- The number of confirmed cases of the H1N1 virus has jumped nearly 30 percent with 331 people being infected so far , the World Health Organization said Friday . A young couple in Mexico City wear surgical masks in an attempt to avoid contamination from the virus . The WHO added that the virus had spread to 11 countries , but the hardest hit areas were in the western hemisphere . "  We have not seen sustained human to human transmission anywhere outside the Americas region , " said WHO spokesman Thomas Abraham . Two more countries , Denmark and China , reported cases of the 2009 H1N1 "  swine flu " virus on Friday , but they were still to be confirmed by the WHO . The largest outbreak was in Mexico which had 156 confirmed cases , while there were 141 cases confirmed and one death in the United States , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  CDC  . The WHO said Mexico had 9 deaths attributed to the virus . But Mexican officials said the death toll had risen to 12 . However , more than 150 deaths in Mexico are suspected to have been caused by the virus and are being investigated , officials there said . The higher totals do not necessarily mean that incidence of the disease is increasing , but rather that health investigators are going through their backlog of specimens , said Dr. Keiji Fukuda , assistant director-general of WHO . In addition to Mexico and the United States , the following countries have so far confirmed non-lethal cases : Austria : 1 Canada : 34 China : 1 Denmark : 1 Germany : 3 Israel : 2 Netherlands : 1 New Zealand : 3 Spain : 13 Switzerland : 1 United Kingdom : 9 An additional 642 cases are being investigated in the United Kingdom , and Spain has 84 suspected cases . Australia , which has had no confirmed cases , was investigating 114 .	Largest outbreak was in Mexico which had 156 confirmed cases The virus had spread to 11 countries , with western hemisphere hardest hit Mexico suspects 150 deaths have been caused by H1N1 virus U.S. and Mexico the only countries showing human-to-human spread so far
LONDON , England  CNN  -- This month , CNN Business Traveller takes an in-depth look at how the aviation industry is faring as global fuel prices continue to rise . End of the line : the commercial airline graveyard in the Mojave Desert outside Los Angeles Job losses , losing weight off aircraft , increasing fuel surcharges and retiring old aircraft are options being considered and implemented . Host Richard Quest opens the program in the Mojave Desert , just outside Los Angeles , known as the aircraft graveyard , where retired airliners end up . Old vintage planes like Pan Am and DC-9s , as well as 747s and 737s are all gathered here , and the aircraft are dismantled before their parts are sold . Quest reports on how one particular airline is weathering the storm - Richard Branson 's Virgin Group , and he also looks at the low cost sector . Watch the show . " The World Low Cost Carriers Conference in London provides him with the opportunity to meet key CEOs including Tony Davis from Tiger Airways , Brett Godfrey from Virgin Blue and Tony Fernandes from Air Asia . It 's not just the aviation industry that is feeling the grip of the credit crunch , however : the hotels are beginning to feel the impact too . Demand is down and subsequently rates are lower . Quest asks Andy Cosslett , CEO of the Intercontinental Group , how his hotels are having to adapt in order to remain profitable .	This month 's show examines how airlines are faring as global fuel prices rise The show is presented from the Mojave desert , the commercial airline graveyard We also talk to low cost carriers to find out how they are weathering the storm And we find out how hotels are reacting to the global credit crunch
CNN  -- Here 's a solid bet : At a few minutes after 6 p.m. on Saturday , Chef Jo-Jo Doyle will have goosebumps on his arms , and he 'll be in dire need of a nap . The 35-year-old chef will have been at Churchill Downs since 5 a.m. , working with his teams to prep , among other Southern treats , 1,892 sheets of Derby Pies , 18,000 barbecue sandwiches , 9,700 pounds of chicken , 11,520 Niman Ranch sausages  including a bourbon version specially made for the event  and 120,000 mint juleps to be served to more than 150,000 guests at the 136th annual Kentucky Derby . This is n't Chef Doyle 's first time around the track , though . He 's worked in the Churchill Downs ' kitchens for four years , and this is his second stint as executive chef . He 's learned to pace himself . "  It 's basically like a family reunion , " Doyle told CNN . "  The food is coming in waves all day long . There 's breakfast , then second breakfast , then first lunch ... we 're taking our hats off to Grandma here . You do n't know what to do with yourself , so you just keep eating , " Doyle said . Behind the scenes , hopefully , things will gallop right along . Read preview of the Kentucky Derby "  I thrive on the energy in the kitchen , and I 've learned it 's like climbing a mountain . We train , test , pace , work and plan , " he said . That 's especially important this year , with his addition of some innovative new dishes alongside his family 's classic succotash recipe and the track 's standard barbecue , hot dogs and shrimp salad . The Alabama native collaborates closely with nearby farmers to be able to introduce some fresh -- as in picked 15 to 20 minutes earlier -- new flavors in the form of "  living greens , " which are sponge-grown lettuces plucked from their roots right before they 're served alongside Kentucky blue cheese . And "  Oh my goodness ! " he raves about local tomatoes from Kentucky Hydro . "  Fresh is best . I 'm taking what chefs are doing every day . I 'm just doing it for thousands and thousands of people . " He 's also thrilled to be working with meat supplier Niman Ranch , which raises all their animals hormone-free , humanely and sustainably on family farms . Now about those juleps ... The track 's staff will go through approximately 475,000 pounds of shaved ice , 7,800 liters of bourbon and 2,250 pounds of mint to quench loads of thirsty racegoers . Doyle notes that everyone has their own method . Some people use simple syrup , and others steep mint on their bourbon . But when the silver cup is in his hand , he 'll grab a quantity of fresh Kentucky mint and , "  I muddle really well with sugar -- which does a really good job of releasing the oils . And I like crushed ice because it makes it cold quicker . " And he 's got his crushing method down cold . No "  chewy " little bits for him ; he takes a couple of cubes in the palm of his hand and strikes them with the back of an ice cream scoop . So when does he finally get a chance to chill out ? He 'll step out of the kitchen , right before post time and listen to the crowd sing "  My Old Kentucky Home . " It 's his favorite part of the whole day , and he gets goosebumps every time . The moment it 's all over , it 's back to the races . He assesses the day 's performance and begins planning next year 's menu , without pausing to take a victory lap . Like he says , "  Not everyone gets to be the chef at Churchill Downs . " Here are a few of the recipes used by Kentucky Derby fans : Simple Mint Julep Ingredients : 1 tsp sugar , handful of clean mint leaves and additional mint sprig , crushed ice , 3 oz of bourbon Note : Juleps are traditionally served in silver cups because they retain an even chill . If you do n't have one , a chilled tumbler will do just fine . Spoon the sugar into the bottom of the cup . Place the leaves on top of the sugar and crush , pushing down and twisting with a muddler or wooden spoon until slightly pulped . Fill the cup with crushed ice , pour the bourbon over the ice , garnish with the mint sprig and serve . Kat 's Bourbon Slush Bourbon slush was standard on party buffet tables when I was growing up in Fort Thomas , Kentucky , but I 've rarely -- if ever -- seen it served outside of Northern Kentucky . That 's a real shame . Here 's a fairly standard recipe that packs a solid , sneaky alcohol wallop , as it goes down so very smoothly . It 's easy to double , triple or quadruple , but fair warning -- you can never have enough on hand , because no one ever has just one . My husband and I sampled it at our annual Derby Day party as well as our wedding . Now guests to subsequent soirees barely say hello upon arrival . Even the most demure bee-line for the freezer to scoop out a drink and then start in with the pleasantries . Ingredients : 12 ounces of lemonade , frozen concentrate ; 6 oz of orange juice , frozen concentrate ; 2 cups sugar ; 2 cups hot strong tea ; 2 cups bourbon ; 7 cups water ; ginger ale or lemon-lime soda to taste . In a lidded , freezer-proof container or two  Tupperware and Rubbermaid pitchers work well  , stir together all ingredients except ginger ale until thoroughly blended . The concentrate should not be prediluted with water , and plain tea like Lipton or Red Rose works well . Place the container  s  in the freezer overnight or for at least 4-6 hours depending on the make and model of your appliance . It should be firm all the way through , but it will not freeze completely solid . Scoop around half to three quarters of a cup of the slush into a tumbler , top with ginger ale or lemon-lime soda to taste and serve . And did I mention how sneaky it is ? Keep an eye on your guests , lest they slip too far into the slush pile . Note : Do n't splurge on the good stuff for this . Save your Woodford and Booker 's for sipping and juleps  and hand your Van Winkle on over this way  . Evan Williams is cheap , respectable and gets the job done .	Chef Jo-Jo Doyle has worked at Churchill Downs ' kitchen for four years "  The food is coming in waves all day long , " Doyle says Track 's staff will go through approximately 475,000 pounds of shaved ice
Mexico City  CNN  -- The name of the Facebook page matches the personality of its administrator : Courage for Tamaulipas . Tamaulipas is the northeastern Mexican state that borders Texas , a diverse place whose reputation is overshadowed by violence carried out by rival drug cartels . Under threats from the drug gangs , many media outlets make the choice to self-censor and not cover the violence . But reporting violence is precisely what Courage for Tamaulipas does . The Facebook page , which has reported on the region 's violence for more than a year , will remain active despite a bounty put on the administrator , presumably by a cartel . In an interview with CNNMexico , the blogger says he will continue to post complaints , even though there is now a price for uncovering his identity : 600,000 pesos , or about $ 46,000 . The threat surfaced in recent weeks with fliers offering a reward for information on the identity of the administrator or his family . "  I think what is happening to me is the least relevant thing that is happening in my state , " the blogger said . "  There are hundreds of families waiting for their missing ones , who at their moment of filing complaints were filled with fear by authorities who told them to assume they are dead . " Tamaulipas has one of the highest levels of violence in Mexico . It is among the states with the highest levels of homicide , extortion and kidnapping , according to official statistics . "  The criminals truly think that they are in the right and that everyone else should obey them , " the blogger said . "  They think that crime is a job and causing damage is a right . " Criminals lower their profile The violence in Tamaulipas persists , despite the reduction in the intensity of shootouts between groups , the administrator said . "  Organized crime  has only lowered its profile . It carries out its activities like always , kidnapping , executing , disappearing people , terrorizing , " he said . "  What has declined in the past years are the illegal roadblocks and the very large shootouts , but the criminal control remains the same , or stronger . " The administration of former President Felipe Calderon , who left office in 2012 , attributed the violence in Tamaulipas to a turf war between the Gulf cartel and the Zetas cartel over control of drug smuggling routes to the United States . To combat them , in 2010 he launched an operation that sent additional security forces to Tamaulipas and the neighboring Nuevo Leon state . The threat The offers of reward money in exchange for information about Courage for Tamaulipas first surfaced between February 8 and 10 . During those days , anonymous fliers began to circulate in Ciudad Victoria -- the capital -- and the border cities of Reynosa , Matamoros and Nuevo Laredo . The administrator published a photo of one of the fliers and affirmed that he would not be stopped because the public values his work . "  As long as I have collaborators , even if it is only one person , I will continue doing what is in my reach to provide evidence of the situation we are living , " he said . The government 's response It was not until this week that the blogger received support from local and federal authorities , though some officials had expressed their support for him individually . The state general attorney 's office said it does not have any information about the fliers threatening Courage for Tamaulipas . The agency added that it does not have a protocol for protecting residents in situations like this because it is the first of its kind . The precedents A survey by Freedom House of Mexican journalists and bloggers showed that 96 % of respondents know a colleague who has been attacked . The organization surveyed 102 journalists in 20 Mexican states . Freedom House published a report , Digital and Mobile Security for Mexican Journalists and Bloggers , which cites a September 2011 incident where two people were found hanging from a bridge in Nuevo Laredo . "  A message left near the bodies warned that the same thing could happen to any internet user who crossed that criminal organization . Those murders were followed by the killing of a journalist using the nickname "  la Nena de Laredo " who had posted entries against criminal activity on Nuevo Laredo en Vivo , a social media forum , " the report said . Following these crimes , the administrator of Courage for Tamaulipas published a message condemning the incidents and affirming that "  innumerable " citizens continue to resist against organized crime 's grip .	Fliers offer a reward for information on the identify of a Mexican blogger The blogger is the administrator of a Facebook page about local violence The blogger vows to continue posting news on his Facebook page
CNN  -- A pair of Georgia men faced more than a half-hour of skeptical questions from reporters Friday as they defended their claim that they stumbled upon the body of Bigfoot while hiking in a remote North Georgia forest . The thawed body of a creature reputed to be Bigfoot reportedly weighs more than 500 pounds . Introduced by a publicist and beside a man who promoted what turned out to be a fake Bigfoot discovery in 1995 , Matthew Whitton and Rick Dyer repeatedly said that their claim is not a hoax and that scientific analysis will prove it . "  We were not looking for Bigfoot . ... We would n't know what we were doing if we did , " said Whitton , a police officer on leave after being shot in the hand while making an arrest . "  I did n't believe in Bigfoot at the time . ... But you 've got to come to terms with it and realize you 've got something special . And that 's what it was . " The men say they were hiking in early June when they discovered the body of a 7-foot-7 , 500-pound half-ape , half-human creature near a stream . They also claim to have spotted about three similar living creatures -- and showed reporters video stills of what they say is one of those creatures shadowing them through the woods . Watch report of scientist skeptical of Bigfoot claim " The announcement , which the men first made on the Internet radio show "  Squatch Detective " several weeks ago , has been greeted with healthy skepticism , even among some Bigfoot enthusiasts . Scientists , including the head of North Georgia College and State University 's biology department , have said it 's unlikely a tribe of 7-foot-tall creatures would have avoided discovery in a region popular among hikers , hunters and vacationers . Several Web sites have popped up questioning the claim and comparing a photo that the men say is the creature 's body inside a freezer to a widely available Bigfoot costume . On Friday , Whitton acknowledged creating a pair of videos posted on the Internet video site YouTube , one in which his brother poses as a scientist and another in which Whitton briefly seems to admit that the body is a fake . "  It seems that the stalkers have busted us in a hoax , " he says in the video . But then adds , "  we still have a corpse . We just wanted to give you something to do for the weekend . " At Friday 's news conference , Whitton first said that no video existed in which he calls the discovery a hoax . But after speaking to Tom Biscardi , the self-described "  Real Bigfoot Hunter " who has been searching for the creature of legend since 1971 , he said the video was made "  to have a little fun with it " and was originally intended to throw off the "  psychos " who had stalked him and his family since the men first made their claim . iReport.com : Have you seen ` Bigfoot ' ? The two also promoted a Web site registered to Whitton on June 16 and said they plan to write a book about their experience . Friday 's news conference was held in Palo Alto , California , near the home of Biscardi . About 100 reporters and onlookers attended the event , in a hotel banquet room , including a man who shouted questions while wearing a gorilla suit . Dyer and Whitton said they were carrying a video camera during their hike to film wildlife . They said they handed the body over to Biscardi , who is keeping it at an undisclosed location until a team of scientists can examine it . One of the two photographs the men gave to reporters Friday showed what appears to be the creature 's mouth , an effort to disprove allegations that what 's in the photo is a costume . "  I want to get to the bottom of it , " Biscardi said . "  I 'll tell you what I 've seen and what I 've touched and what I 've felt , what I 've prodded was not a mask sewed onto a bear hide , OK ? " Biscardi acknowledged that he promoted a fake Bigfoot discovery in 1995 , saying the woman who claimed to have the body convinced his staff members before he visited her and discovered that she was mentally ill . Alleged Bigfoot sightings have surfaced from time to time for years , dating to at least the 1800s . The most famous was the so-called Patterson film from 1967 , which is purported to show a tall , furry , apelike creature walking along , at one point looking over its shoulder at the videographer . Most scientists who have studied the film say there 's no way to authenticate it , and many say the creature appears to be a man in a costume . CNN 's Doug Gross and Chuck Afflerback contributed to this report .	North Georgia men say they stumbled upon body while hiking in forest They also claim to have spotted three similar living creatures The body of the furry half man-half ape is 7 feet , 7 inches tall , they say Men wo n't reveal Bigfoot den 's location because they do n't want others disturbed
CNN  -- A year after Anders Behring Breivik killed 77 people in a bomb and gun rampage in Norway , Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg urged Norwegians to "  honor the dead by celebrating life . " Breivik , a self-declared ultranationalist who raged against Muslim immigration and multiculturalism , failed to achieve his goals , Stoltenberg said Sunday . "  The bombs and bullets were intended to change Norway . The Norwegian people responded by reasserting our values , " Stoltenberg said . "  The perpetrator failed to achieve what he set out to do . The people triumphed . " He called on people to remember their murdered loved ones with joy . Norway massacre , mourners pay respect "  No one can take the warm memories away from you . A father 's reassuring hand . The sounds from a child 's playroom . The memories of goodness and joy can not be erased , " he said . And he asked Norwegians to respond to the horror by reaching out to people who may be suffering and in need of help . "  We will not forget you when the long days of summer give way to autumn darkness , " he said at a ceremony marking the anniversary . "  Reach out . Show that you care . A chat about everyday things could help someone regain their will to live . " Norwegians observed a minute of silence to mark the worst atrocity on Norwegian soil since World War II , as Americans reeled from an enormous mass shooting two days earlier . James E. Holmes , 24 , is accused of killing 12 people and wounding 58 in the suburban Denver community of Aurora during a midnight screening of the Batman movie "  The Dark Knight Rises " on Friday . In Norway , Breivik is on trial on charges of voluntary homicide and committing acts of terror in the July 22 , 2011 attacks . He admits bombing a government building in Oslo before heading to an island summer camp , where he opened fire as terrified youth jumped into water to escape the hail of bullets . The twin attacks killed 77 people , including 69 at the Labour Party summer camp . Many of the victims there were teenagers . The court must determine whether Breivik was sane at the time of the killings . Mental health experts have given conflicting opinions . Breivik gave chilling details of the gun rampage during his trial this year . Without apparent emotion , he recounted firing more bullets into teenagers who were injured and could n't escape , killing those who tried to "  play dead " and driving others into the sea to drown . Some survivors and relatives of victims in the courtroom wept as they listened to his detailed account of the attack on the youth camp on Utoya Island . Breivik told the court he had made use of lessons learned from al Qaeda in planning his attacks , and was inspired by the Oklahoma City and World Trade Center bombings . He boasts of being an ultranationalist who killed his victims to fight multiculturalism in Norway , and says he acted out of "  necessity . " Experts ' assessment of Breivik 's sanity will be a factor in determining what punishment he receives if convicted . Sentencing options could include imprisonment or confining him to a mental facility . His verdict is expected August 24 . Numerous events are scheduled nationwide Sunday to mark the first anniversary of the killings , including religious services and wreath-laying ceremonies to pay tribute to victims of the attacks . What will happen to Norway 's mass killer Breivik ? Norway 's Breivik gives chilling account of gun massacre Norway mass-shooting trial reopens debate on violent video games	NEW : "  Memories of goodness and joy can not be erased , " Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg says Anders Behring Breivik admits killing 77 people , including 69 at a youth camp A court must determine whether he was sane at the time of the killings The nation marks a moment of silence at the exact time the bomb detonated in Oslo
Editor 's note : Look for the Martha Stewart Halloween special issue , on newsstands now , and download the digital edition from the App Store . It 's loaded with hundreds of ideas from the silly to the spooky  and every mood in between  . Martha Stewart Living  -- I love getting dressed up in fantastical costumes for Halloween -- and luckily for me , most years I get to do it not once but twice . In addition to whatever I wear on October 31 , I also undergo a complete transformation for our Halloween special issue  on newsstands now  . In order to have this edition available in time for the holiday , we create costumes , carve pumpkins , bake treats , and make all manner of scary and unusual and bewitching decorations months in advance . Martha Stewart Living : 15 kitchen shortcuts that will change the way you cook I thought you might like to go "  behind the scenes " to find out a little about how we dream up these costumes . The notion of a "  Fairy GrandMartha " first came about in March , when our special-projects group was planning the Halloween issue . I met with crafts director Marcie McGoldrick and told her that , this year , I wanted my costume to be something sweet and nice .  Some years I want it to be dark and mysterious . The editors had already been planning a story inspired by classic fairy tales , so a fairygodmother character came to us naturally . I suggested a costume made of tulle , because it is so readily available and economical yet lends itself to beautiful and ethereal effects . Marcie began sketching ideas for a "  low-sew " gown , requiring little stitching , and we discussed all the details : whether it should have a hood or a collar  we went with a dramatic collar  , how my makeup should look  very sparkly  , and how to wear my hair  up , with ringlets and tendrils  . Martha Stewart Living : 19 tips for perfect laundry every time On the day of the photo shoot , in June , I was very pleased to see the wooded wonderland the team had created in our studio -- complete with moss and tree stumps from my farm . It took two and a half hours for me to get into full costume ; I took a break about halfway through and walked the halls of our offices and test kitchens with my Fairy GrandMartha makeup on and my hair in curlers . Funnily enough , colleagues were not too surprised to see me that way ! Martha Stewart Living : Instant organization : Get it together in 15 minutes or less After all that , the photographs , shot by the very talented Fadil Berisha , took 25 minutes . I hope you try this costume -- or maybe the Rapunzel or the Red Riding Hood or the Ogre in the special issue is more your style , or perhaps your kids would like to be elves or sprites -- and enjoy the process of transformation as much as I did . Martha Stewart Living : 20 super-efficient , super-effective ways to clean all the things The Fairy GrandMartha gown Make this elegant gown from soft fine-gauge tulle -- the same whisper-weight fabric used in wedding veils .  Thicker , coarser tulle might feel scratchy . Martha Stewart Living : No-mess one-bowl desserts : 12 recipes for lazy bakers Supplies : 15 yards pink tulle , full  108-inch  width Sewing machine and sewing supplies 4 yards pink gros-grain ribbon , 2-inch width Safety pin 1 . Make ruffles for neck : Cut 6 layers of 5-inch-by-108-inch tulle . Sew to-gether layers along one long edge . gently pull thread at end to gather layers into a ruffle  this one is approximately 16 inches wide  . Repeat with six 7-inch-long lay-ers of tulle . Hand-stitch ruffles together length-wise , near gathers . 2 . Stack 6 layers of tulle that are as long as your desired gown . Sew them at one 108-inch end in same manner as ruffles , pulling thread to gather to the same width . 3 . Hand-stitch neck ruffles to gown . Sew a 12-inch piece of grosgrain ribbon to end of stitching on each side . 4 . To wear , tie ribbon behind neck . Leave top 3 layers of tulle loose in front of body , and pull other layers around waist , forming a skirt shape . Pin them together in back ; tie ribbon around waist as a sash . Wear the gown over a pink unitard . Tulle wo n't unravel when cut -- no hemming required . Martha Stewart Living : Curb your food cravings with yoga	Over the years , Martha Stewart has worn spooky and delightful Halloween costumes This year , for Halloween , Martha Stewart is a "  Fairy GodMartha " You can make and wear the same costume : See the instructions , below
CNN  -- An Egyptian couple has been charged with putting their child at risk and attempted smuggling after security officers at an airport in the United Arab Emirates found their 5-month-old boy hidden in a small handbag . Police said the baby was discovered by an X-ray screening at Sharjah International Airport as the couple was traveling through the airport . The infant is in good condition , police said . According to Sharjah police , the couple arrived in the UAE last Friday but were not allowed to enter the country because they did n't have a visa for the infant . Missing baby locked in chest for 12 hours The parents were told they had to wait two days at the airport until the visa office reopened so the boy 's documents could be processed . On Saturday , the impatient father persuaded his wife to put the baby in their hand luggage in the hope airport security would n't notice , police said . "  We were very surprised . This is the first time we have seen something like this , " police officer Abdel Rahman Shama told CNN . "  Even if you are in a desperate situation , how can you put your child in a bag ? " The parents remain in the UAE under police questioning . Argentine ` miracle ' baby found alive in morgue	The infant , who was in a small handbag , appears to be OK The Egyptian couple did n't have visa for the child Police are questioning the parents
EW.com  -- Millions of "  Game of Thrones " fans are feeling sadness , outrage , and , sure , some perverse excitement after watching Sunday 's episode titled "  The Rains of Castamere . " But for Game of Thrones author George R.R. Martin , such reactions to "  The Red Wedding " are nothing new . Martin has been receiving exclamatory emails about the disastrous Tully-Frey union for more than a decade , ever since he published his Song of Ice and Fire saga 's third novel , A Storm of Swords . Below , the author reveals why Robb had to die , gives his reaction to upset readers and spills the scene 's horrifying real-life inspiration . ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY : How early in the process of writing the book series did you know you were gon na kill off Robb and Catelyn ? George R.R. Martin : I knew it almost from the beginning . Not the first day , but very soon . I 've said in many interviews that I like my fiction to be unpredictable . I like there to be considerable suspense . I killed Ned in the first book and it shocked a lot of people . I killed Ned because everybody thinks he 's the hero and that , sure , he 's going to get into trouble , but then he 'll somehow get out of it . The next predictable thing is to think his eldest son is going to rise up and avenge his father . And everybody is going to expect that . So immediately -LSB- killing Robb -RSB- became the next thing I had to do . Since Song of Ice and Fire so often subverts reader expectations and avoids traditional fantasy storytelling structures , should fans have any real hope that this tale will have a happy ending ? As The Boy recently said on Thrones , "  If you think this has a happy ending , you have n't been paying attention . " I 've stated numerous times that I anticipate a bittersweet ending . EW : What sort of reactions have you received from readers over the years about the scene ? Extreme . Both positive and negative . That was the hardest scene I 've ever had to write . It 's two-thirds of the way through the book , but I skipped over it when I came to it . So the entire book was done and there was still that one chapter left . Then I wrote it . It was like murdering two of your children . I try to make the readers feel they 've lived the events of the book . Just as you grieve if a friend is killed , you should grieve if a fictional character is killed . You should care . If somebody dies and you just go get more popcorn , it 's a superficial experience is n't it ? EW : Why do you think it has such a powerful reaction ? Robb was n't one of your "  viewpoint characters " in the books and Catelyn was n't really a beloved personality . -LSB- Long pause -RSB- That 's an interesting question . I do n't know if I have a good answer . Maybe the way I did it . There 's a certain amount of foreboding leading up to it . It 's a betrayal . It comes out of left field . It 's at a wedding feast . Robb has made his peace and you think the worst is over . Then it comes out of nowhere . There 's also secondary characters killed . Then outside hundreds of Stark people are killed . It 's not just two people . To me , that Robb and Catelyn are family makes it worse . And Catelyn has suffered so much and lost so many people around her , and she actually thinks she 's lost more than she really has  since she does n't know for sure that Arya , Bran and Rickon are alive  . Then this happens . She also has the moment there to plead . There 's also her murdering the hostage . He 's not a son that Frey particularly values . * So in the end her bluff is empty . And she does . She carries through . There 's a certain power to that too . EW : I 'm pretty sure I know the answer to this , but : Have you ever regretted the scene ? Martin : No . Not as a writer . It 's probably the most powerful scene in the books . It cost me some readers , but gained me many more . It 's going to be hard for me to watch it -LSB- on the show -RSB- . It 's going to be a tough night . Because I love these characters too . And in a TV show you get to know the actors . You 're also ending that relationship with an actor that you have affection for . Richard Madden and Michelle Fairley have done an amazing job . EW : What do you say to readers who are upset about the scene ? It depends on what they say . What can you say to someone who says they 'll never read your book again ? People read books for different reasons . I respect that . Some read for comfort . And some of my former readers have said their life is hard , their mother is sick , their dog died , and they read fiction to escape . They do n't want to get hit in the mouth with something horrible . And you read that certain kind of fiction where the guy will always get the girl and the good guys win and it reaffirms to you that life is fair . We all want that at times . There 's a certain vicarious release to that . So I 'm not dismissive of people who want that . But that 's not the kind of fiction I write , in most cases . It 's certainly not what Ice and Fire is . It tries to be more realistic about what life is . It has joy , but it also had pain and fear . I think the best fiction captures life in all its light and darkness . One of my favorite elements of the scene is you introduce this idea of "  salt and bread . " We accept that as readers  $ " Okay , in this fantasy world , people do n't harm each other once they eat a host 's bread and salt in their home . Then you break your own rule . It 's like you 're smacking the reader upside the head for being so dense  $ " "  Of course they 're not going to follow that silly rule ALL the time ! " It was stolen from history . Hospitality laws were real in Dark Ages society . A host and guest were not allowed to harm each other even if they were enemies . By violating that law , the phrase is , they "  condemn themselves for all time . " EW : What about the Red Wedding itself ? Is that based on history too ? The Red Wedding is based on a couple real events from Scottish history . One was a case called The Black Dinner . The king of Scotland was fighting the Black Douglas clan . He reached out to make peace . He offered the young Earl of Douglas safe passage . He came to Edinburgh Castle and had a great feast . Then at the end of the feast , -LSB- the king 's men -RSB- started pounding on a single drum . They brought out a covered plate and put it in front of the Earl and revealed it was the head of a black boar  $ " the symbol of death . And as soon as he saw it , he knew what it meant . They dragged them out and put them to death in the courtyard . The larger instance was the Glencoe Massacre . Clan MacDonald stayed with the Campbell clan overnight and the laws of hospitality supposedly applied . But the Campbells arose and started butchering every MacDonald they could get their hands on . No matter how much I make up , there 's stuff in history that 's just as bad , or worse . * Changed to one of Frey 's young wives in TV version See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	George R.R. Martin explains why Robb had to die He said reactions have been both positive and negative Martin said it was the hardest scene he ever had to write
CNN  -- A Yemeni man pleaded guilty to acts of piracy on Thursday for his role in the hijacking of a yacht off the coast of east Africa that resulted in the deaths of four Americans . Mounir Ali , 23 , accepted a plea deal by U.S. District Judge Mark S. Davis , becoming the 11th person to plead guilty in the armed hijacking of the Quest in February , according to a statement from the U.S. Attorney 's office for the Eastern District of Virginia . Ali said that he and four other men from Yemen were crew members aboard a boat that was pirated by Somalis in February . He "  willingly elected to join them in return for a share of the ransom money , " but did not personally shoot or instruct to shoot any of the four Americans , the statement said . Americans Scott and Jean Adams , Phyllis Macay and Bob Riggle were found shot to death when U.S. forces boarded the yacht . Sentencing for Ali is scheduled for October 21 at 11:30 a.m.	Man pleads guilty to piracy for role in hijacking that left 4 Americans dead Mounir Ali accepted a plea deal by U.S. District Judge Mark S. Davis He is the 11th person to plead guilty
CNN  -- Calling capital punishment in California an "  empty promise , " the father of murdered teen Chelsea King said he supported a deal to take death off the table for his daughter 's killer in order to bring closure to the community . "  We stand here because of a despicable evil act committed against our beautiful daughter , Chelsea , committed against our family and committed against our community , " Brent King said in a news conference Friday . "  While our unequivocal first choice is the death penalty , we acknowledge that in California that penalty has become an empty promise . " San Diego County District Attorney Bonnie Dumanis said the family 's blessing contributed to a plea deal with registered sex offender John Gardner III in Chelsea 's death and two other cases . Gardner , 31 , pleaded guilty Friday to the murder of King , the murder of Amber Dubois , and assault with intent to commit rape of a third person . King , 17 , was last seen alive leaving Poway High School in suburban San Diego on February 25 . Her car , with her cell phone inside , was found at Rancho Bernardo Community Park , where she was known to run on the trails . Her disappearance sparked a massive search that ended a few days later with the discovery of her remains in the park . Dubois , 14 , disappeared in February 2009 while walking to school in Escondido . She was considered a missing person for more than a year , until her remains were found in March . Prosecutors revealed in court Friday that Gardner led authorities to Dubois ' body in exchange for assurances that it would not be used against him in court . In exchange for his guilty pleas , Gardner is to be sentenced to two consecutive terms of life without the possibility of parole . He also waived his right to appeals , ensuring that he will die in prison , Dumanis said at the news conference . Superior Court Judge David Danielsen accepted the plea and scheduled sentencing for June 1 . A gag order is in place until then . The surprise change of plea came during a hearing Friday , after prosecutors charged him with murder with a special circumstance of rape for Dubois 's death . Gardner was facing the death penalty on one charge of murder with a special circumstance of rape for King 's death . Dressed in dark blue jailhouse garb , his wrists chained , Gardner nervously responded "  yes " several times to the judge 's questioning of whether he understood his rights and was entering his plea willingly . He cast his gaze downward as the judge read brief descriptions of how he raped and murdered Dubois and King . Gardner made no statement . According to court documents , on February 13 , 2009 , Gardner abducted Dubois and brought her to a remote area of Pala , where he raped and stabbed her , and buried her in a shallow grave . Gardner admitted to attacking King while she was running and dragging her to a remote area , the documents said . He raped and strangled her , and also buried her body in a shallow grave . Gardner also admitted to attacking another female on December 27 , 2009 , while she was running . In a news conference after Friday 's hearing , Dubois ' father , Moe , expressed gratitude over the case 's resolution . "  As you can imagine , this turn of events in the case came as a surprise to all of us when we were informed about the details yesterday , " he said . "  As a parent I am thankful -LSB- for -RSB- the work put forth by the district attorney 's office and the defense team in coming forth with a resolution in the case and allowing us to have justice and closure for Amber 's case . " Without the plea deal , Dumanis said her office did not have enough evidence to charge Gardner in the death of Dubois . Her remains were not found until Gardner led authorities to her body , three days after he was charged in King 's death , Dumanis said . "  The only promise made to him in exchange for this information was that we could not use it against him in court . This was a somber decision , " the district attorney said in a press conference after Friday 's hearing , surrounded by tearful family members . "  To end the anguish of the unknown for the Dubois family and to bring Amber home , we agreed we would not use this information against Gardner in court . " Further efforts to collect evidence linking Gardner to Dubois ' death were unsuccessful , Dumanis said , leaving her office otherwise unable to pursue charges against him -- until he offered to plead guilty . "  Accepting this plea has been an extremely difficult decision . We have the evidence to pursue a murder charge against the defendant for Chelsea 's murder , but not for Amber 's murder , " she said . "  By accepting this guilty plea , we are obtaining a conviction for the murder of Amber that we otherwise would not have been able to obtain . " The prosecutor also echoed the sentiments of King 's father on the death penalty in California , where 13 executions have been carried out since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated capital punishment in 1976 . "  Most of us realize a death sentence at this time is a hollow promise in California . Even if death was imposed , Brent , Kelly and their family would have to endure a preliminary hearing , a trial , decades of appeals and the pain of reliving the murder over and over again , " she said . "  In addition , as parents they realized what Amber 's parents were facing . Her case would have no legal closure . " A resolution for the Dubois family also figured into the King family 's decision to support the plea , Brent King said . "  We find ourselves in a position to help give another grieving family a measure of closure . The Dubois family has been through unthinkable hell the past 14 months . We could n't imagine the confession to Amber 's murder never seeing the light of day , leaving an eternal question mark , " he said . "  There 's nothing , nothing satisfying about this moment . It 's only one more unbearably painful day that we 'll have to carry in our memory as long as we live . "	John Albert Gardner III admits to raping , murdering Chelsea King , Amber Dubois Plea deal sparing Gardner the death penalty also includes attack on jogger in December Without plea , not enough evidence to charge Gardner in Dubois ' death , prosecutor says Chelsea King 's dad says he wanted to avoid agony of trial , bring closure to Dubois family
Washington  CNN  -- For Washington , Christmas could come early . Or it could not come at all . The deal to end the government shutdown in October included a new deadline -- come up with a plan to fund the government by December 13 -- or risk another partial government shutdown next month . Well , December 13 is Friday and House and Senate negotiators do n't yet have a deal . And that 's not the only thing Congress has to work on before the House is supposed to leave town , also on Friday , and the Senate at the end of next week . The budget The talks , led by Wisconsin Republican Rep. Paul Ryan and Washington Democratic Sen. Patty Murray , are working to formulate a spending bill for the remainder of fiscal 2014 , which ends next September 30 . Current funding for the government runs out in mid-January around the same time as billions in new automatic spending cuts -- known as sequestration -- are set to hit . Insisting that negotiators reach a deal , House Speaker John Boehner said last week that he "  told everybody in the room  the GOP caucus  we are done at 11 a.m. on December 13 . " Sen. Rob Portman , R-Ohio , who sits on the House and Senate negotiating panel , said Sunday on ABC 's "  This Week " that he 's "  hopeful " a deal would be reached by the end of this week . Unemployment benefits An estimated 1.3 million long-term unemployed will be cut from federal jobless benefits by the end of the year . Another 850,000 could fall off the rolls within the first three months of 2014 , according to the National Employment Law Project . That 's unless Congress extends , for the 12th time since 2008 , the federally funded Emergency Unemployment Compensation program . It provides benefits once a jobless worker 's state benefits expire . A ` do-nothing ' Congress ? The unemployment extension could be included in budget talks , adding another challenge that Republicans and Democrats have to overcome . While the second-ranking Democrat in the Senate said he hopes extended unemployment benefits are included , he noted on Sunday that such a step wo n't necessarily be a sticking point for his party in budget negotiations . "  No , I do n't think we 've reached that point where we 've said , ` This is it -- take it or leave it , ' " Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , said on "  This Week " when asked if his party would demand it be included budget talks . While many Democrats want an extension , Republicans are opposed . Kentucky Republican Sen. Rand Paul said an extension of jobs benefits harms the unemployed . "  I do support unemployment benefits for the 26 weeks that they 're paid for . If you extend it beyond that , you do a disservice to these workers , " he said on "  Fox News Sunday . " Farm Bill The Farm Bill , which sets national food policy , is two years overdue . Congress has been passing short-term extensions instead of the usual five-year plan , but key negotiators now say a short-term fix is not an option . Washington gridlock risks $ 7 milk If lawmakers fail to pass a Farm Bill , the economic impact for ordinary Americans could be quite severe . The price of milk would more than double to an estimated $ 7 per gallon as government subsidies expire . The cost of food overall would go up , with supports for commodities , such as corn and wheat , also running out . Another huge factor : food stamps . The Farm Bill authorizes spending for that program as well . House Republicans want to drop 3.8 million people from those rolls next year -- about 8 % of recipients - while Senate Democrats are n't keen on those cuts . But they would likely have to agree to some reductions for a deal to be reached . Food stamp spending is currently Some 47.6 million people , or nearly 15 % of the population , get food stamps , according to September federal data . In 2007 , only 26.3 million , or 8.7 % of the population , received them . The ` Doc Fix ' For doctors , the holidays are a stressful time if they see Medicare patients . That 's because their reimbursements are caught up in political wrangling and budget negotiations . It 's called the "  doc fix " and they would see a 24 % reduction in their reimbursements if Congress fails to act . While there is bipartisan support for doctors to receive payments in full , there is plenty of disagreement between the two parties on how to pay for the costly program . Washington could still screw up your holidays The latest estimate from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office found the "  doc fix " would cost $ 138 billion over the next decade . While that 's far lower than the $ 316 billion the CBO projected the previous year , it 's still hard to find that much money lying around . The House announced a path forward but the Senate has not . It 's unclear how this issue will be resolved . If Congress fails to fully reimburse them , doctors have threatened to stop seeing Medicare patients . That 's not a viable option as more and more baby boomers sign up for Medicare every day . Iran sanctions Despite administration objections , members of Congress are working to pass new sanctions on Iran . The White House is opposed , saying they would undermine an interim deal with Iran meant to halt its nuclear program . A Senate source familiar with the discussions told CNN Capitol Hill Producer Ted Barrett that senior Senators from both parties are nearing agreement on a plan that would prohibit Iran from enriching any uranium . One source said "  the  Obama  administration 's preference is for us to do nothing , " while another said "  they 're fighting us tooth and nail . " Kerry sees hope of progress for Iran , Israel Even if a deal is reached , it 's not clear that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid would defy President Barack Obama and bring the package to a vote . Presidential nominations The Senate is back in town for the first time since it changed the rules to allow a simple majority to confirm Presidential nominations instead of the previous 60-vote threshold . They are expected to clear a backlog of appointments . The first vote is expected on Patricia Ann Millett to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit . Other nominees likely to come up for a vote before the end of the year include Robert Wilkins and Cornelia Pillard , also for the D.C. court , Janet Yellen to head the Federal Reserve , Jeh Johnson to be Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security and Democratic Rep. Melvin Watt of North Carolina to run the Federal Housing Finance Agency . Defense bill Senators also will return to legislation that sets policy goals and spending targets for the military . The Defense Authorization measure has passed the House but is moving slow in the Senate because of the numerous amendments that receive a vote -- common procedure for that legislation . While the Senate is scheduled to be in town for two weeks , it must hurry since the House is set to leave on Friday . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Deirdre Walsh , Dana Davidsen and CNNMoney 's Jeanne Sahadi contributed to this report	Congress has made a habit of working until the last minute to meet fiscal deadlines This year , Congressional negotiators are working on a budget for 2014 If Congress fails to act , the price of milk could spike Doctors face cuts to reimbursements for seeing Medicare patients
CNN  In the midst of a disheartening outbreak of measles and assorted other diseases we thought had been wiped out , comes another outbreak that has just gotten started : a GOP pander war . And those parents who have apparently decided it is in their childrens ' interests to forego vaccines are now smack in the middle of it , and with good reason : Outbreaks of the measles and whooping cough are back , endangering the youngest populations everywhere . But somehow a clear issue of public health has morphed into a political debate over liberty , personal freedom and individual choice . We all understand the past debates over a possible link  now thoroughly disproven  between vaccinations and autism , and no one can challenge parents ' rights to try to protect their children . But the science is now clear : vaccinations are necessary . What 's murky is the politics . The growing anti-government animus in the country and a complete lack of trust in institutions has somehow devolved into paranoia -- that the big government-elite-corporate ideological agenda is driving the push for vaccinations . Whether it 's the skeptical left or the skeptical right , it comes down to the same theory of everything : a deep-seated mistrust in institutions and an unwillingness to defer to them . So maybe it should come as no surprise that libertarian Sen. Rand Paul , while pointing out he 's not "  anti-vaccine , " called it a "  personal decision . " Or that New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , looking to burnish his conservative credentials , allowed that parents "  need to have some measure of choice " about vaccinating their kids  although he later tried to soften that statement by adding there 's "  no question " kids should be vaccinated against measles  . Is this the same Christie who , going against the advice of experts , required a mandatory quarantine of a woman returning from Africa who had been fighting Ebola to keep the public healthy ? Hard to square that circle . In many ways , says Bill Galston , who was domestic policy adviser to former President Bill Clinton , "  vaccines have become the black helicopter of medicine . People think that those in positions of institutional authority are either self-aggrandizing or possessed of some ideological mission . " That 's precisely why it 's so difficult to lead in this country right now . And precisely why the country is in such need of real leaders -- maybe even someone who comes out and says there oughta be a law . Even President Barack Obama 's spokesman says the President "  believes it should n't require a law for people to exercise common sense and do the right thing . " Maybe it should n't , but when children who visit Disneyland are getting sick , something is very wrong . Maybe that 's why conservative pediatric neurosurgeon Dr. Ben Carson is for mandatory vaccines . Or why Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin is rethinking a mandate , as he told CNN 's Dana Bash . "  I 've pulled up short of a federal mandate ... but I am really distressed by some of these comments of wannabe presidential candidates ... , " says Durbin . "  Think of an analogy : What if I said ` It 's my car , I do n't want any brakes ... and it just endangered my life ? -LSB- But -RSB- you 're endangering the lives of other drivers . That 's what this is about . " And for those zealous small-government types , consider this : Even in the most ardent libertarian circles , there 's a classic theory that "  the right to swing my fist ends where the other man 's nose begins . " It 's a pretty standard argument that makes sense . Unless , apparently , you are running for political office .	Gloria Borger says some GOP politicians have pandered to worried parents She says they should be following the advice of scientists and strongly endorsing vaccinations
Columbia , Missouri  CNN  -- She went to the University of Missouri to fulfill her childhood dream of becoming a competitive swimmer . Sasha Menu Courey made the team there , on scholarship , in 2009 . But the following year , something happened that changed the course of her promising college career -- something her parents did n't learn about until after she died . "  People were telling us that she had been raped and she wrote it in her journal , " said Lynn Courey , Courey 's mother . Courey committed suicide in 2011 . In light of a 16-month investigation by ESPN 's "  Outside the Lines " program , new questions are being raised about what the university knew about the alleged assault , and when officials knew it . The president of the university sent a letter to school officials late Sunday , saying that he is asking to hire independent counsel to conduct an investigation of the school 's handing of the case . The investigation has now also been referred to the Columbia Police Department from the University of Missouri Police Department . "  Our detectives will do the best they can with the investigation . It was not reported to us until now and we are almost four years behind , " Sgt. Joe Bernhard , a Columbia police spokesman , told CNN . "  We can make a difference for others " According to the ESPN report , in February 2010 , after a night out drinking with friends , Courey said she went home with a former university football player -- off-campus -- and had consensual sex . Months later , she told a rape crisis counselor and wrote in her journal that after the former football player left , another football player entered the room , locked the door and raped her . Courey 's parents say their daughter also talked about the alleged assault with a campus nurse and a campus doctor , 11 months after the attack . The school never launched an investigation . School officials say they were n't told about the suspected attack by either the nurse or the doctor because of a policy of not reporting sexual assaults without a victim 's consent . Courey 's parents say their daughter had a long history of depression , and in the months after the alleged rape , she grew more and more despondent . In 2011 , Courey took her own life . "  We lost our daughter and we can not bring her back , but we can make a difference for others , " her mother said . "  The University did the right thing " School officials say they later discovered and turned over to Courey 's parents a transcript of Courey 's conversation with the rape counselor . They also sent her parents a letter asking if they wanted the matter investigated . Officials say they got no response . Courey 's father , Mike Menu , said , "  We did not feel supported in this letter . This letter was a check-the-boxes letter and , really to be honest , it did not deserve a response . " In its defense , the university is raising the issue of privacy . "  Victims of sexual assault need to know that they can seek medical care without the concern that reports will be made to police or campus officials without their consent . Otherwise some victims will be deterred from seeking medical care , " it said in a statement . "  We continue to believe that the University did the right thing in trying to be respectful of Sasha 's parents and determine their wishes . We think it is strange and inappropriate for the University to be criticized for not undertaking an investigation when Sasha 's parents chose not to respond to our request for their input . If they wanted an investigation , they simply could have responded or made a report to law enforcement , " it continued . According to Title IX , a federal law that guarantees college men and women are protected equally on campus , universities are legally required to investigate allegations of rape -- even if the alleged victim is no longer alive . Brett Sokolow , executive director of the Association of Title IX Administrators , said he does n't get the sense there is any clear evidence of a coverup at this point . However , he added : "  I certainly feel that the university should have been a little more proactive at trying to bring in information and find out more . " Man pleads guilty to misdemeanor 2 years after teen claimed she was raped Montana judge defends former teacher 's one-month sentence for rape of 14-year-old who later committed suicide CNN 's Dana Ford and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	Sasha Menu Courey killed herself in 2011 , about a year after she was allegedly raped Questions are being raised about what the University of Missouri knew , and when Courey 's mother : "  We lost our daughter ... but we can make a difference for others "
CNN  -- In March 2009 , when I was detained in Evin Prison in Iran , two evangelical Christians were arrested . I never met them but spotted them a few times through the barred window of my cell as they walked back and forth to the bathroom down the hall . I would later learn that Maryam Rostampour and Marzieh Amirizadeh had converted from Islam to Christianity and faced charges of spreading propaganda against the Islamic Republic , insulting religious sanctities , and committing apostasy . They resisted severe pressure to renounce their faith , and in November 2009 , after an international outcry , the two women went free . News headlines are now highlighting the plight of another Iranian Christian accused of apostasy , or abandoning one 's religion . When Pastor Youcef Nadarkhani was 19 , he converted from Islam to Christianity . In 2010 , a provincial court sentenced him to death . This year , Iran 's Supreme Court ruled that the case should be reviewed and the sentence overturned if he recants his faith -- a step Nadarkhani , 34 , has so far refused to take . Now , according to the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran , Iran 's judiciary has ordered the verdict to be delayed , possibly for one year . But Nadarkhani 's supporters hope sustained worldwide pressure will lead to his just and immediate release . As international criticism has mounted , an Iranian official has alleged that Nadarkhani is being prosecuted not for his faith but for crimes including rape and extortion . Nadarkhani 's attorney , however , says the only charge the pastor has faced is apostasy , and court documents support this assertion . Although Iran 's penal code does not include a specific provision for apostasy , judges are given a fairly wide degree of latitude to issue rulings based on their own interpretation of Islamic law . In the past this has led to punishments ranging from imprisonment to death . The last person officially executed in Iran for apostasy was Hossein Soodmand , a Pentecostal minister who converted from Islam before Iran 's 1979 Islamic Revolution and was hanged in 1990 . Iranian officials often say their country 's recognized religious minorities  Christians , Jews , and adherents of the ancient Persian religion of Zoroastrianism  enjoy freedoms equal to their Muslim counterparts . Iran 's constitution gives these three religious minorities certain rights , such as five seats in the 290-member parliament and the freedom to perform their religious rituals . The constitution 's articles , however , are all set within the boundaries of Islam , and Islamic codes grant superior legal status to male Muslims . Many non-Shiites in Iran have also complained of limits on education , work , and exercising their faith . Critics accuse the Islamic regime of having monitored , harassed , abducted , detained , tortured , and killed citizens based upon their religion . Since 1999 , the U.S. State Department has designated Iran a "  country of particular concern " because of religious repression . The State Department has focused on the treatment of Sufi and Sunni Muslims , Protestant evangelical Christians , Jews , Shiites who do n't share the government 's official views , and Baha'is , whose faith is not recognized by Iran 's regime . Christian leaders in Iran have usually blunted their criticism of the regime , in part to avoid tensions . When I attended Christmas Eve Mass in Iran four years ago , I saw a few dozen worshipers , but I also heard that they had to get government permission to hold the service and were not allowed to proselytize . They had a Christian school , but it had to have a Muslim principal . They could print Christian texts but only with the authorities ' approval . A number of Iranian Christians who recently left Iran have told me that since the country 's 2009 disputed presidential election , pressure on their communities has intensified , prompting many more Christians to emigrate . In April , the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom reported a rise in Iranian authorities raiding church services and harassing worshipers . Evangelicals and other Protestants have been particularly targeted . Unlike Iran 's traditionally recognized Christian minorities , such as Armenians , Assyrians , and Chaldeans , evangelical churches hold their services in the Farsi language . Iranian authorities accuse them of spreading Christian writings in Farsi to convert Muslims . "  They are tough on us because we educate others , " a former pastor of an underground evangelical church in Iran told me on condition of anonymity . "  They call it proselytizing , but we do n't proselytize . We discuss the realities that Jesus Christ talks about in the Bible , and we never speak about the Islamic Republic . " Shortly after their release from prison , Maryam and Marzieh , the two Christian converts detained down the corridor from me , left Iran . If they stayed , they may have shared the tragic fate of the Rev. Mehdi Dibaj . Dibaj , a Christian convert from Islam , was jailed for a decade and released in 1994 after international appeals . Soon afterward , he went missing . The authorities reported the discovery of his corpse in a wooded area west of Tehran . Iran 's government blamed an anti-regime group for the murder . If the Iranian regime wants to tout religious freedom , it should respect its citizens ' right to decide one of life 's most personal choices : their spiritual path . A regime that claims to observe human rights and base its actions on the peaceful nature of Islam should also explain how peace would be attained by executing a man whose only crime is his faith . By releasing Youcef Nadarkhani before Christmas , Tehran would take an important step toward respect for human rights and would give his wife and children an unforgettable gift . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roxana Saberi .	Youcef Nadarkhani was sentenced to death in Iran , says Roxana Saberi The 34-year-old pastor converted to Christianity at 19 , Saberi says Saberi : Iran 's last official execution for apostasy occurred in 1990 By freeing Nadarkhani , Iran would show respect for human rights , she says
CNN  -- FIFA will investigate the latest allegations of corruption which have further brought into question the integrity of the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups . Football 's ruling body faces further embarrassment after its former secretary general was accused of identifying members of the current executive committee who are open to bribery . Committee members Amos Adamu , of Nigeria , and Oceania representative Reynald Temarii of Tahiti have already been provisionally suspended ahead of another ethics hearing next month , along with four other FIFA officials . Britain 's Sunday Times newspaper , which provided evidence that led to that decision after an undercover investigation , has now released secretly-filmed video of Michel Zen-Ruffinen offering inside information on others who might be open to selling their votes ahead of the December 2 decisions on which countries will host the 2018 and 2022 tournaments . FIFA must challenge any potential corruption cancer Zen-Ruffinen was forced out of his FIFA post before the 2002 World Cup , having prepared a report which led to FIFA taking unsuccessful legal action against president Sepp Blatter over allegations of corruption and financial mismanagement . He told undercover Times reporters that two current executive committee members could be bribed with money , another would accept sexual favors from women and that a fourth -- "  the biggest gangster you will find on earth " -- would require a payment of $ 500,000 . "  FIFA has already requested to receive all the documents and potential evidence that the newspaper has in relation to this matter , and will in any case analyze the material available , " the Switzerland-based body said in a statement on Monday . "  As announced on October 20 , the FIFA ethics committee decided , at the request of FIFA , to open an investigation into alleged agreements between member associations and between their bid committees in relation to the 2018 and 2022 FIFA World Cup bidding process . FIFA will provide all of the information collected on this matter to the ethics committee . " The Sunday Times reporters posed as lobbyists linked to the United States ' initial bid to host one of the tournaments . The U.S. has since withdrawn from the running for 2018 , meaning a European nation will host the event as only England , Russia , Spain-Portugal and Belgium-Holland remain as candidates . The Americans will bid against Australia , Japan , South Korea and Qatar for the right to host in 2022 .	Soccer 's governing body faces more claims of corruption in World Cup bidding process FIFA to investigate the latest revelations made by a British newspaper on Sunday Its former secretary general was filmed identifying officials who can allegedly be bribed Michel Zen-Ruffinen was dismissed in 2002 following claims against Sepp Blatter
San Diego , California  CNN  -- There was a lot to appreciate in yesterday 's bipartisan White House health care summit between President Obama and members of Congress . No really . This is the kind of thing that our leaders ought to do three or four times a year on a variety of issues -- from Social Security to education to immigration to job creation . Why not ? Put aside the sound bites and partisan barbs . Get beyond the dueling appearances on the Sunday morning talk shows . And bring your best ideas and most constructive suggestions to the table . Obama deserves credit for convening the meeting . His opening remarks were good , especially when he talked about the rising costs of health insurance premiums , the "  exploding costs of Medicare and Medicaid , " and how he wanted to "  make sure that this discussion is actually a discussion and not just us trading talking points . " I also appreciated his candid discussion of health scares years ago involving his own daughters and how he wondered "  What would have happened if I did n't have reliable health care ? " And his acknowledgement that "  Everybody here understands the desperation that people feel when they 're sick . " That is , assuming everything that happened yesterday at Blair House was real -- and not merely a theatrical setup for a Democratic-led effort next week to push through , using reconciliation , what Democrats on the Hill call "  the big bill . " That 's Obama 's comprehensive $ 950 billion plan to radically reform the nation 's health care system -- the one opposed by every Republican in Congress and , according to polls , a majority of Americans . Reconciliation is a procedural maneuver that allows the Senate to pass the health care bill with 51 votes rather than the 60 votes required to end a filibuster . Yet , according to a recent Gallup poll , more than half of Americans -- 52 percent -- oppose Democrats resorting to reconciliation to pass a bill . And while Republicans are still holding out hope that Obama and congressional Democrats will go back to the drawing board and start with a blank piece of paper , that appears unlikely since Democrats seem to be "  all in " on their piece of legislation . So what was the point of the summit ? It might well have been to create a foil . According to what an unnamed Democratic official told Politico.com , the purpose of the event was to give a face to gridlock . Democrats intend over the next few weeks to spin this narrative suggesting that they tried , really tried , to work with Republicans but the "  party of no " was just too obstinate and too uncompromising . So Democrats had no choice but to rely on the perfectly legitimate process known as reconciliation . So the summit was a fraud ? A charade ? I hope not . Even in Washington , there has to be a limit to cynicism . And I 'd hope this would be it . I 'd hope that Obama and Democratic lawmakers would n't toy with the American people on an issue as important as this one . Talk about broken government . The public wants solutions to our health care problems -- however they 're defined -- and not partisan gimmicks that give "  a face to gridlock . " Even many of those Americans who oppose the Democratic plan turn around to tell pollsters , in the next breath , that the current system has too much cost and not enough common sense . No one approves of the status quo . That 's at least something to agree on . And while Obama got a lot of things right in his remarks , he also made a big mistake when -- at the very outset of the discussion -- he defined as the baseline "  the House and the Senate legislation that 's already passed . " That told Republicans that they were not getting their blank sheet of paper , and that the best they could hope for was to tweak but not substantially change the Democratic plans . It also did something else . It reminded the American people of who calls the shots in Washington . It 's the party in power . Democrats control all the levers of government , at both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue . Remember that fact . Write it down . For President Obama and the Democratic congressional leadership , the real obstacles to reform are n't Republicans -- who do n't have any power -- but fellow Democrats who are up for re-election and who are terrified of "  the big bill . " They represent districts that either Obama lost to John McCain in 2008 or in which Obama barely squeaked out a victory . So they 're not going anywhere near this unpopular piece of legislation . Who can blame them ? Whatever happens on health care , Democrats alone deserve , depending on your view , either the credit or the blame . You see , the real face of gridlock is theirs . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarette , Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette Jr. lauds the health care summit , says leaders ought to hold more such events Navarrette : Let 's hope it was real and not preparation for Democrats to pass unpopular health bill Navarrette : Democrats control levers of government in Washington Some Democrats up for re-election are terrified of passing "  the big bill , " he writes
CNN  -- Groundhog Punxsutawney Phil emerged from his hovel Wednesday and did not see his shadow , which -- according to tradition -- means that spring will come early this year . Phil , whose first name comes from the Pennsylvania town where he lives , emerged at 7:20 a.m. and hung out with the well-dressed gentlemen presiding over the event without retreating inside . Wednesday 's Groundhog Day festivities in Punxsutawney marked the town 's 125 celebration of the annual event . Phil 's prediction is likely welcome news for residents in the path of a monster snow and ice storm stretching from Texas to New Hampshire .	Punxsutawney Phil emerges Wednesday and does not see his shadow Tradition has it that that means winter will end soon
TEGUCIGALPA , Honduras  CNN  -- He 's no Julia Child , but Honduran President Manuel Zelaya showed Tuesday he can attack a cantaloupe and U.S. government claims in a single motion . President Manuel Zelaya chews on a slice of Honduran melon to demonstrate its safety . "  It 's not in our fruit , " he said about last week 's report by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration that some Honduran cantaloupes may be contaminated with salmonella . "  It 's not true what they are saying . Logically , we believe it is an error . " Then , the 55-year-old father of four asked the viewers of CNN en Espaol to indulge him as he engaged in a show-and-tell demonstration . "  Permit me a second , " he said as he stretched his left arm across the tabletop and outside the view of the camera , then pulled into view a box of fruit . "  Here I have the box of melons that we are exporting to the United States ; here are the protective bags , " he said . Zelaya lifted a cantaloupe from the box , placed it in front of him , then grabbed a knife and a fork . "  Permit me to make a demonstration , " he said , then cut open the fruit , sliced off a chunk , put it in his mouth and chewed vigorously . "  I eat this fruit without any fear , " he said with his mouth full . "  It 's a delicious fruit . Nothing happens to me ! " Though the symptoms of salmonella infection -- nausea , vomiting , fever , diarrhea and abdominal cramps -- typically do not occur for several hours after eating tainted food , the point was made . The demonstration came three days after the FDA said it had linked 50 cases of salmonella in 16 states and nine in Canada to melons from Agropecuaria Montelibana , a grower and packer in San Lorenzo , Honduras . Though there have been no reports of fatalities , 14 people have been hospitalized in Arizona , California , Colorado , Georgia , Illinois , Missouri , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , Ohio , Oklahoma , Oregon , Tennessee , Utah , Washington and Wisconsin , the FDA said . While the company has continued exporting to Europe and Central America and has received no reports of illness , the daily export of 45 containers of melon to the United States has halted , a company official said Monday . As a result , some 1,500 workers have been laid off , most of them single mothers , and company losses have exceeded $ 3 million , company officials said . The FDA alert advised U.S. grocers , food-service operators and produce processors to remove from their stock any cantaloupes from the company . The agency also recommended consumers throw away any cantaloupes determined to be from the company . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Elvin Sandoval contributed to this story .	President Manuel Zelaya says Honduran fruit has no salmonella To prove his point , he eats some publicly "  without any fear " FDA links 50 cases of salmonella to Honduran grower 1,500 workers laid off , grower reports losses in excess of $ 3 million
When he joined his large family for the first Iftar  evening meal  of Ramadan in July , filmmaker and photographer Mohamed Radwan did not expect to find himself explaining to a hostile group why he had helped organize the sit-in at the Culture Ministry in Cairo and had marched on June 30 to oust Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy . Indeed , the conflict within Radwan 's own family is playing out in homes across Egypt . It represents a secular vs. Islamist confrontation of beliefs and visions for Egypt and is a microcosm of the clashes and violence rocking the nation as followers of ousted President Morsy fight the army and its secular supporters . As the death toll from Wednesday 's crackdown on Rabaa al-Adawiya and Nahda camps , and Friday 's "  Day of Rage , " approaches 600 , much more is at stake than the presidency . Egypt 's very identity is being contested . Radwan 's grandfather is a founder of the radical Islamist Salafi movement , and his uncle and cousins are dedicated members of the Rabaa camp of Morsy supporters ; the filmmaker found himself outnumbered at his family 's gathering . But still he took the floor to explain his actions . He and other cultural leaders had occupied the Ministry of Culture in the runup to June 30 protests , he said , to defend Egyptian culture for future generations , and to show that music , dance and theater were not haram  sinful  , as Islamists had claimed , but part of the Egyptian lifeblood . Radwan and other artists joined with the Tamarod rebellion movement for the sake of a better future for the youth , he said . "  The next generation has the right to lead a good life and to have better conditions than we have , " he explained to his family . Radwan 's mother also seeks a better future for Egypt , but through different means . She says she believes that an Islamist state , such as that reflected in the Wahhabi fundamentalism of her one-time home of Saudi Arabia , offers the best hope for Egypt . To her , supporting the Muslim Brotherhood means following Islam , and she can not imagine a better path . These deep divisions mirror those in families throughout Egypt , and led to the 2012 protests outside the presidential palace . This is more than a dispute about political systems ; it is an emotional debate that cuts to the core of being Egyptian . "  They  the Muslim Brotherhood  tried to change our identity " is an accusation made by Egyptians of all walks of life -- including cab drivers , actors such as Mahmoud Awad , and veteran politicians such as Mona Makram-Ebeid . Political scientist Riham Bahi described feeling like an "  alien in my own country " when it was under Muslim Brotherhood control . One aspect of the Egyptian identity has been peaceful coexistence with Coptic Christians , who are now under attack . A violent assault on churches and Christian businesses was launched on Thursday , and in news reports was portrayed as a Muslim Brotherhood-led reaction to the crackdown on the Rabaa and Al-Nada protest camps in Cairo . When I went to the Al-Nada camp earlier this week , one of the occupiers delivered this summary message in Arabic , "  Anti-coup ; restore Morsy ; down with Christians . " Not surprisingly for the media savvy Muslim Brotherhood , the huge banners in English above the entrance to the camp proclaimed the first two items , but not the third . At the same time , supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood , like Radwan 's mother , say they feel betrayed by democracy . "  Where is my voice ? " she asked her son , when he indicated that the legitimately elected President Morsy would not return to power . The Egyptian media 's slanted reports in the weeks since Morsy 's arrest have deepened the rift between the secularists and the Islamists . State and non-Islamist private channels demonize the Muslim Brotherhood and anyone who supports it . Liberal politicians such as Amr Hamzawy and Mohamed ElBaradei , who urged restraint in dealing with the camps in Rabaa and Al-Nada , have been pilloried in the media . This steady drumbeat of media attacks on both the "  terrorist " Muslim Brotherhood camps and on anyone who questions their eradication has produced a climate of dehumanization , reflected in the widespread acceptance of the military regime 's violent attack . In a shrewd move , Gen. Abdul-Fattah el-Sisi , Egypt 's military ruler , called citizens into the street weeks ago to support his fight against "  potential terrorism . " Hundreds of thousands or people , including revolutionaries and liberals , heeded his call , making Tahrir square -- bizarrely -- the locus of an anti-Morsy , pro-military love fest . The outpouring of support insulated Sisi from domestic criticism of the brutal crackdown that followed . Government officials and ordinary Egyptians dismiss international condemnations of the violence . A member of the current government who asked not to be named , given the volatile climate , told me that the military tried every option to bring the Muslim Brotherhood to the table before attacking the camps . While "  any form of violence is regrettable , " he believes that , with Muslim Brotherhood strongholds disbanded , Egypt will have reached a "  new phase " and will be able to move forward positively in the future . Whether this is possible remains an open question . One ray of hope can be found in the generation gap that exists within families , within the Muslim Brotherhood , and within the secularists . Back to Radwan 's family and the politicized Iftar . After Radwan had defended his beliefs before his Islamist elders , his younger-generation cousins took him aside to confess that they agreed with him . In fact , they told him they all had signed the Tamarod petition , and some had marched on June 30 . But none dared confront the senior members of the family with this information . Within the Muslim Brotherhood , a similar divide between generations exists . Attempts to innovate and open Muslim Brotherhood media and communications have met with approval from the under-40 generation as well as growing audiences , but have been censured by elders , according to a source familiar with the situation , who asked not to be named . So far , the elders have won . If and when the next generation takes over , and positions are moderated , the deep rift between the Islamists and secularists may be healed . Then perhaps the project of the revolution will be renewed . But , for now , the seniors are in charge . To quote the Egyptian scholar Hazem Azmy , "  there is a rewind of the Nasser narrative " -- referring to the Egyptian president Gamal Abdel Nasser , who seized power in a coup and cracked down on the Muslim Brotherhood decades ago . He added : "  the people have chosen security over liberty . "	Cynthia Schneider : The Islamist vs. secular conflict is playing out in Egyption families She says it 's a microcosm of conflict over Egyptian identity playing out in street chaos She says both sides being "  played " by Sisi , media , who dehumanize opponents Schneider : Best hope is that coming , more moderate , generation can heal rifts
Lynchburg , Virginia  CNN  Sen. Ted Cruz , the conservative firebrand from Texas , became the first Republican to announce his campaign for the presidency , and he spent Monday morning telling a crowd at the largest Christian university in the world to imagine what the country will be like when he takes office , and pitching his personal history as a key part of his campaign . "  These are all of our stories , " Cruz told the audience Monday , roaming around the circular stage at Liberty University , in Lynchburg , Virginia , opening his remarks by spotlighting his family history and his own path to Washington . "  These are who we are as Americans . And yet for so many Americans , the promise of America seems more and more distant . " Cruz drew on the past only to focus on the future , repeatedly and emphatically asking the Liberty University student audience to "  imagine " the U.S. under conservative leadership -- laying out his vision for the country and a Cruz presidency . The senator from Texas , who burst into the national limelight with his staunch opposition to Obamacare and his willingness to shut down the federal government , presents a direct challenge to the expected bids of establishment Republicans such as Florida Gov. Jeb Bush -- candidates Cruz coyly refers to as the "  mushy middle . " Monday 's event was the last part of a carefully coordinated media rollout , following Cruz 's announcement of his candidacy in a 30-second video message posted on Twitter shortly after midnight on Monday , roughly 24 hours after the Houston Chronicle first reported his planned announcement . Ten thousand students from Liberty University crowded into the university 's main arena for Cruz 's announcement . The venue choice at this socially conservative campus aims to give Cruz an early boost among evangelical voters , who will be key to boosting presidential hopefuls in states like Iowa and South Carolina that have early nominating contests . It was a youthful crowd , as students are required to attend the University 's tri-weekly convocation address . Not all in the audience were guaranteed Cruz supporters : Several attendees sported red "  Stand with Rand " shirts , repping Kentucky Republican Sen. Rand Paul , who is slated to announce his candidacy early next month . Jerry Falwell Jr. , the university 's president and son of its founder and evangelical icon , introduced Cruz as a senator who "  has gone against the tide " and a "  man of great character , " all while stressing that the university does not endorse candidates for office . Falwell picked up on Cruz 's assertion that millions of evangelical Christians did not vote in 2012 , pointing out that "  if any candidate can energize that group , it will make a huge difference in any national race . " Asked after the speech how he prepared for the event , Cruz said he "  spent some time in prayer " thinking about the message he wants to convey . "  At the end of the day it 's listening to the people about the vision for turning the country around , " Cruz told CNN , adding that he was "  incredibly " encouraged and inspired by the support . Cruz 's announcement came on the five-year anniversary of the passage of the Affordable Care Act , also known as Obamacare , which Cruz has fought in the Senate to repeal . Cruz marked the anniversary by pledging to repeal "  every word " of the healthcare law as president . Cruz also jabbed at Common Core education standards -- which Bush supports -- and repeated his pledge to abolish the IRS , instead suggesting Americans could file their taxes on a postcard . And Cruz drew the longest and loudest applause from the audience when he prompted the audience to "  imagine a President who stands unapologetically with the nation of Israel . " Cruz 's advisers envision a three-pronged strategy that focuses on dominating the tea party faction and competing in the libertarian and Christian conservative circles . A constant and vocal critic of the Obama administration , Cruz is perhaps best known for his stalwart fight against Obamacare in 2013 , which led to a tense standoff between Democrats and Republicans and ultimately resulted in a 17-day government shutdown . The showdown was punctuated by Cruz 's 21-hour speech on the Senate floor . While popular in conservative and tea party circles , Cruz has a long way to go in terms of broader support in the GOP base , according to public opinion polls . A CNN/ORC International survey conducted this month on the hypothetical Republican primary showed Cruz came in with 4 % support among Republicans and independents who lean Republican . But the field is still relatively open , with the top contender -- Bush -- coming in at 16 % support , followed by Scott Walker at 13 % . But Cruz has relatively strong favorability numbers . According to a recent Quinnipiac University poll , he is viewed in a positive light by 45 % of Republicans , compared with only 8 % who do n't have a favorable opinion of him . Still , 46 % say they have n't heard enough about him to form an opinion . Jason Miller , an adviser to Cruz 's campaign , confirmed that the campaign 's fund-raising target is $ 40 million , and the campaign believes it can raise $ 1 million in the first week . Cruz this month finished an early-voting state tour to Iowa , South Carolina and New Hampshire -- and he 's scheduled to return to New Hampshire on March 28 to speak at a brunch in Rockingham County . Depending on the Senate schedule this week , he could possibly make more early-state trips , according to advisers . After his speech Monday , he 'll head up to New York for media appearances and a fund-raiser . Cruz developed a loyal following when he won his 2012 primary battle in Texas as a little-known candidate , forcing then-Lt . Gov. David Dewhurst into a surprise runoff and ultimately defeating the establishment Republican . Along with two other first-term senators who are expected to run for president  Rand Paul and Marco Rubio  , Cruz will likely face questions over experience , an issue that Republicans brought up in 2008 against Barack Obama , who was also a first-term senator at the time . Before running for the Senate in 2012 -- his first campaign for public office -- Cruz was solicitor general of Texas and argued before the Supreme Court . He graduated from Princeton University and Harvard Law School . Born in Canada to a Cuban father and American mother , Cruz was a dual citizen until he renounced Canadian citizenship in 2014 . He faced questions over whether he would qualify for the presidency , though law experts consider him a natural-born citizen because he was born to an American mother . Cruz was swarmed by students and reporters after he descended the stage and started to exit the arena . He took photos and signed autographs for about a half hour , as his team tried to escort him through the crowd . One girl who was raising money selling baked goods offered to give Cruz a dozen cupcakes for free but he pulled out his wallet and gave her $ 20 . A pair of enthusiastic sisters shouted out to Cruz to tell him that , like his own daughters , they were also named Caroline and Catherine and were two years apart . "  That 's just cool , " he said , as he gave them both high fives . "  That is awesome . " One student who said she was Hispanic said she and her whole family were behind him . "  You have the Hispanic vote , " she joked , then proceeded to start talking to him Spanish . While Cruz 's father is Cuban , he 's not fluent in Spanish . "  We grew up speaking Spanglish . My grandmother would be like ` Nino , throw me the remote control ' , " he said This is who we are as a people . We got to tell that story , " Cruz said . CNN 's Adam Levy and Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	Cruz announces candidacy in a video on Twitter He follows up with a speech at Liberty University in Virginia
