CNN  -- In his State of the Union address , President Obama reaffirmed that the country 's war in Afghanistan would be over by the end of 2014 . He also laid out more specifics . Of the approximately 66,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan now , more than half -- 34,000 -- will come home in the next year , Obama said . At the same time , Afghan troops will assume most of the responsibility for combat missions . "  This spring , our forces will move into a support role , while Afghan security forces take the lead , " Obama said . It was previously expected that Afghan forces would take the lead in combat missions by the middle of this year . But a U.S. official told CNN that the military transition has accelerated and that Afghans will lead all security operations by March . What does this news mean for Afghanistan and America 's longest war ? Here are some key questions that will be asked in the coming months : 1 . Are the Afghan troops up to the task ? There are certainly doubts . A Pentagon review in December claimed that only one of 23 Afghan army brigades was capable of functioning on its own . Meanwhile , literacy rates are low , desertion rates are high , and many deserters have joined the insurgency . There also have been a troubling number of "  green-on-blue " attacks : Afghan troops attacking their American comrades . But Defense Secretary Leon Panetta has spoken positively about the progress Afghans have made in growing their army , reducing violence and becoming more self-sufficient . Afghan forces now lead nearly 90 % of operations across the country . "  We 're on the right path to give  Afghanistan  the opportunity to govern itself , " Panetta said earlier this month . Afghan President Hamid Karzai said he welcomes the U.S. troop withdrawal and insists his army can defend the country against the Taliban . "  It is exactly our job to deal with it , and we are capable of dealing with it , " Karzai said during an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . What the army needs now , Karzai says , is more equipment and firepower . He came to the Pentagon last month with a wish list asking for more helicopters , drones and other hardware , according to a senior defense official . "  We need an air force . We need air mobility , " Karzai told Amanpour . "  We need proper mechanized forces . We need , you know , armored vehicles and tanks and all that . " 2 . What presence will the U.S. have after 2014 ? The plan is to withdraw all combat troops but keep a residual force in the country to help train Afghans and carry out counterterrorism operations when needed . The size of that force is still being discussed . Gen. John Allen , the former commander of U.S. troops in Afghanistan , recommended between 6,000 and 15,000 troops . But that figure was lowered to a range between 2,500 and 9,000 , according to a defense official . There might not be any U.S. troops at all if the United States can not come to an agreement over immunity with Afghanistan . There was no American presence in Iraq at the end of that war because the Iraqi government refused to extend legal protections to U.S. troops . Karzai , who 's in favor of a residual force , said he would put the immunity decision in the hands of Afghan elders , and he expressed confidence that he could persuade the elders to see things his way . Leaving no U.S. troops at all would be a major misstep , said Peter Bergen , CNN 's national security analyst . He said the U.S. has abandoned Afghanistan already , in 1989 , and the decision left America with little understanding of the power vacuum that led to the Taliban 's rise in the first place . "  The current public discussion of zero U.S. troop presence in Afghanistan ... will encourage those hardliner elements of the Taliban who have no interest in a negotiated settlement and believe they can simply wait the Americans out , " Bergen wrote in an op-ed for CNN.com . "  It also discourages the many millions of Afghans who see a longtime U.S. presence as the best guarantor that the Taliban wo n't come back in any meaningful way . " 3 . What 's at stake ? The main fear among the Afghan people is that the country could revert to another civil war once the United States withdraws its combat troops . The Taliban are still "  resilient and determined , " according to a recent Pentagon report , and insurgents continue to carry out attacks and pose a major security threat . "  Some people we 've spoken to sort of take it for granted that there 's going to be a civil war when the United States leaves , " said CNN 's Erin Burnett on a recent trip to Afghanistan . "  It happened before when the Soviet Union left  in 1989  . " For all the violence Afghanistan has seen in the past decade , it has also seen major advancements in human rights and quality of life . "  During the Taliban , basically there were thousands of girls going to school in Afghanistan . Now you have millions of girls going to school , " Burnett said . "  So there 's been real progress on women 's rights . Obviously there remain a lot of problems -- honor killings , forced marriages , domestic violence -- but there has been real progress . " Retired Army Gen. Stanley McChrystal , once America 's top commander in Afghanistan , said the Afghan people are "  terrified . " "  They 're terrified because they think they have something to lose , " McChrystal said . "  There has been progress made . There is a better life . There are girls in school . There are things that are better than they were and opportunities potentially ahead . "  But they 're afraid that if we completely abandon them in 2014 , as they perceive we did in 1989 ,  things  would all go back . " And in Washington , there are worries that the wrong move could put the United States right back where it started , with nothing to show for a bloody conflict that started in 2001 . Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee , Rep. Buck McKeon , R-California , expressed concern last week that a hasty withdrawal could be "  needlessly fraught with risk . " "  Since the president took the commendable step of deploying a surge to Afghanistan in 2009 , we have known that our hard-fought gains are fragile and reversible , " McKeon said . "  That is n't my assessment , but the consistent opinion of experts both military and civilian . " 4 . Who will lead after Karzai ? Afghanistan 's only president of this century wo n't be in charge for much longer . Elections are scheduled for April 2014 , and Karzai has reached the term limit set by his country 's constitution . He told Amanpour it 's "  absolutely time to go . " "  A new president will come to this country . A new government will come to this country . And I 'll be a happily retired civil servant , " he said . So while Afghanistan oversees a major military transition , it also will have to make a political transition . Who will lead the country during this critical moment in its history ? Will the vote go smoothly , without violence and without controversy ? There were reports of ballot tampering and other violations in the last one . The answers might be just as important to Afghanistan 's security as the readiness of its troops . "  The single biggest challenge for us is the political transition , the elections of 2014 , " said Saad Mohseni , the media mogul behind Afghanistan 's Tolo Television . "  If  we have credible elections , I think we 'll be OK for the next five , six years .  If  we do n't , there is a real danger that we 'll see instability , especially in 2014 as the U.S. troops withdraw . " 5 . What part will the Taliban play ? Despite the ongoing insurgency , Karzai seems eager to resume stalled peace talks with the Taliban and include them in the political process . The Taliban pulled out of talks last year , but Karzai said last month they "  are very much conveying to us that they want to have peace talks . They 're also people . They 're also families . They also suffer , like the rest of Afghans are suffering . " Javid Ahmad , a Kabul native now with the Asia Program of the German Marshall Fund of the United States , believes revitalized peace talks are essential to Afghanistan 's future and to the legacy of America 's war . "  If withdrawing responsibly in 2014 is indeed high on President Obama 's agenda , then he has little choice but to prioritize and accelerate the peace talks , negotiate a cease-fire between all sides , and reach a settlement that ensures that the Taliban lay down their weapons , " Ahmad wrote in a recent column . But will the Taliban be willing to cooperate ? And if they enter negotiations , how much of an influence would they have on an Afghan society that has seen so many changes in the past decade ? "  There have to be some red lines , " said Jawed Ludin , Afghanistan 's deputy foreign minister for political affairs . "  Some of the achievements that we 've had in the last 10 years ca n't be negotiated . " Karzai sounded confident that most of the Taliban would acknowledge this . "  I think there is now a critical mass in Afghanistan of the educated , of the Afghan people who want a future of progress and stability , " he said . "  And I think also that the Taliban recognize that this corner has been turned , the majority of them . Some may be there among them who would not -- who would remain , you know , in the darkest of the mindset possible . But those are a few . " CNN 's Chris Lawrence , Mike Mount and Jake Tapper contributed to this report .	President Obama has revealed new details about the troop withdrawal in Afghanistan But there are several key issues that still must be resolved in the coming months The Afghan military has its critics , but the U.S. has praised its progress There are fears that Afghanistan 's advancements might be at risk after 2014
CNN  -- Tuesday marks the 10th anniversary of the U.S. and coalition invasion of Iraq . Ten years of conflict caused death , despair and a complete change of life for many Iraqis . Retired Army Sgt. Noah Galloway recently reflected on his time in Iraq after serving during Operation Iraqi Freedom and on what was left behind : "  When any country invades another country there are civilians affected that are n't a part of the conflict and those are lives that need to be taken care of . We have a responsibility as humans on this planet to take care of them . Homes and lives were destroyed . I agree with a lot of Americans that we have struggles of our own in this country that need to be addressed , but even in hard times , we have a lot going for us , " Galloway said . Now , a decade later , the casualties and hardships caused by war are still apparent among Iraqi civilians . Galloway continues , "  If we want our efforts , the lives of the soldiers given , if we want that to not have been in vain , then we have to go in after the invasion and take care of those people because this is going to affect the Iraqis as a people for decades to come . " Galloway is speaking to what he saw at the beginning of this conflict , but the needs of humanitarian aid have only grown since then . As he said , homes were destroyed and many were left with the need of extensive medical attention either from injury as a direct result of the fighting or because of the lack of proper medical care in general . One such example of the latter is Noor al-Zahra Haider , or as she 's known worldwide , Baby Noor . Baby Noor was born with spina bifida , a birth defect in which the vertebrae do not form completely around the spinal cord . In 2005 , a routine raid by U.S. soldiers into her home in the town of Abu Ghraib forever changed the course of her young , fragile life . It was then that Noor 's grandmother boldly pleaded to the soldiers that without their help , this young child would die . Iraq newsmakers : Where are they now ? The troops responded , sending word to their superiors that they needed to help this baby . And help her they did . The troops brought Noor , her father and grandmother back to Camp Liberty while planning her transport to the United States for proper care . Childspring International , an Atlanta-based Christian nonprofit organization dedicated to bringing sick children from the developing world to the United States for medical care , offered assistance in bringing Noor and her family to Atlanta for treatment at Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta . Childsrping International also set up a fund for Baby Noor and are still taking donations through their website . There she endured several surgeries and began what would be a lifelong , uphill battle . But following threats believed to be from al Qaeda , Noor and her family were left with little choice but to return home . She is now a 7-year-old girl in a wheelchair with serious medical needs that are barely being met and at high risk of complications from a urinary tract infection that could cost Noor her life . But Noor 's story is just one of many and represents the greater need for humanitarian aid to the war-ravaged region . There are organizations in Iraq meeting the needs as best as they can . One such organization is the International Medical Corps . Founded in 1984 by volunteer doctors and nurses , the International Medical Corps is a global , humanitarian , nonprofit organization dedicated to saving lives and relieving suffering through health care training and relief and development programs . It has been on the ground in Iraq since before the conflict began . Dr. Tariq Hasoon , national medical director for International Medical Corps Iraq , said of his involvement in this mission : "  Today , I look back at the Iraqi health system and compare it to what I knew a decade ago , and I am amazed at the progress we have made . The most remarkable advances have come in the strategy and planning and the skills of the people running the system . International Medical Corps has played a vital role in that transformation . For example , we introduced a nationwide emergency medicine strategy , which has significantly improved the survival rates of injured people in need of paramedic and emergency room care . " But Hasoon acknowledges that the work is far from complete . He said he will not rest until "  we are done with our task that began 10 years ago this week . " Another organization aiding in efforts in Iraq is the Sponsor Iraqi Children Foundation . Its work brings to light another major issue facing the country after 10 years of war : orphaned children . "  Iraq is facing an urgent humanitarian need . According to UNICEF , there are an estimated 800,000 orphans in a nation that has known 10 years of war and violence , " said Jonathan Webb , a U.S. Army vet and chairman of the Sponsor Iraqi Children Foundation . "  Among them , there are kids who have lost parents and now work on the streets to help support themselves . We need a legacy of love for these kids who are the future of Iraq , " said Webb . Sponsor Iraqi Children Foundation also supports a safe haven for orphans and street children which provides them with healthy food , tutoring , medical care , as well as loving and emotional support . While the official U.S. military mission in Iraq has ended , it is clear that the people of this nation are still suffering and the need for international humanitarian aid is great . Please click on the links above and see how you can make an impact for the Iraqi people .	The U.S. military mission in Iraq is over , but the Iraqi people still need help Baby Noor is the face of a nation in a humanitarian crisis Iraqis need help with basic medical needs The war has left many of the nation 's children orphaned
CNN  -- Troops in the southern Philippines early Sunday took advantage of martial law to hunt down those believed responsible for last week 's killings there . President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo declared martial law in the southern province of Maguindanao after 57 people were killed in politically motivated violence . Maj. Randolph Cabangbang , deputy of operations for the Eastern Mindanao command , told CNN on Saturday that searchers have made arrests and recovered firearms and vehicles from a clan implicated in the killings . He said local residents welcome the deployment of the troops . "  We need this because we do not want those who perpetrated the crime to slip out of the province . And we may be having a hard time catching them , " he said . Army spokesman Lt. Col. Romeo Brawner Jr. said martial law -- under which police can make arrests without a warrant -- went into effect at 9 p.m. Congress would have to approve any extension beyond 60 days . Brawner said the measure was invoked to impose peace on the region after the unrest , which led to troops being mobilized . "  Life is to resume normally and martial law is established to prevent new violence , with troops on the ground monitoring any possible violence breakout , " he said . "  But the civilian government will be running the affairs of the province , not a military governor . " Military police have detained three brothers and their father on suspicion of involvement in the unrest : Akmad Ampatuan , the vice governor of Maguindanao ; Anwar Ampatuan , the mayor of Sherif Auguak , Maguindanao 's capital ; and Zaldy Ampatuan , governor of the Autonomous Region of Muslim Mindanao . Andal Ampatuan Sr. , the patriarch , became ill and was hospitalized after he , too , was taken in . "  Local government will function , it will prevent armed groups from wreaking havoc ... and it will allow the officials search and find the guilty parties , " Brawner said . Security forces on Friday searched the home of Andal Ampatuan Jr. , mayor of Datu Unsay and son of the provincial governor of Maguindanao , according to Brawner . Authorities say Andal Ampatuan Jr. directed the Nov. 23 politically motivated killings . Weapons were found in the house , Brawner said . On Tuesday , Philippine authorities charged Ampatuan and other suspects with 25 counts of murder in the killings . Still more suspects were taken into custody Friday . The Philippine military is investigating its own forces in connection with the case as well , Brawner said . The National Bureau of Investigation has moved a third witness to Manila for questioning , the Philippines News Agency reported Thursday . "  At the moment , we are interviewing the witness so that we would know what he knows about the incident in Maguindanao , " NBI Director Nestor Mantaring said . The witness claimed to have been at the site during the massacre . "  He is very vital , " Mantaring said . "  From what I know ... he knows a lot of information regarding the incident . " Among the victims in the massacre were the wife and sister of political candidate Ismael "  Toto " Mangudadatu , who had sent the women to file paperwork allowing him to run for governor of Maguindanao . He said he had received threats from allies of Gov. Andal Ampatuan , the father of the accused mayor , saying he would be kidnapped if he filed the papers himself . Witnesses and local officials have blamed the younger Ampatuan , a longtime ally of the Philippines president and a known warlord . They said the killings were an attempt to block Mangudadatu from challenging him in the May gubernatorial election . Also killed were a dozen journalists who had accompanied the women . Group : Philippines most dangerous country for journalists Asked why martial law was imposed 12 days after the killings , Cabangbang said authorities "  were trying to build a case -- a tight case " against suspects . "  But it is taking long to build a case , so I think the government gave us a free hand in arresting those who are suspects , and allowed us to search , even without warrant . So we really need this declaration of state of martial law . " Violence in the run-up to elections is not uncommon in the Philippines . The Maguindanao massacre , however , is the worst politically motivated violence in recent Philippine history , according to state media . Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao , which was set up in the 1990s to quell armed uprisings by people seeking an independent Muslim homeland in the predominantly Christian Asian nation . Suspicion fell on Ampatuan after a government construction vehicle was found at the hastily dug mass grave that held the bodies of the massacre victims . CNN 's Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	Searchers make arrests , recover arms from a clan implicated in massacre Martial law follows killings of 57 last week in Maguindanao province Several members of powerful Ampatuan political family detained Datu Unsay Mayor Andal Ampatuan Jr. directed killings , authorities say
CNN  -- They distrust government and the justice system as well as Europe 's political elite . They rail against multiculturalism and believe their national identity is being swamped by immigration and their culture strangled by Islam . They are implacably hostile to "  big money " -- banks and other financial institutions . They are getting organized , online and off , and thriving amid Europe 's eurozone crisis . "  They " are populist groups and parties from Scandinavia to Hungary . Some compete in elections with growing success , picking up protest votes that yield seats in government and the European Parliament . Others are street movements like the English Defense League and Bloc Identitaire in France that eschew the political process . But they have one thing in common : a growing following through social media . A new survey by the think tank Demos found that 14 prominent populist movements in Europe had 436,000 Facebook followers between them -- with the far-right British National Party and the Austrian Freedom Party each having more than 80,000 . Of those followers , 32 % were younger than 21 . Demos asked supporters of these populist groups on Facebook to respond to a survey -- and more than 12,000 did . The survey found the supporters were predominantly young men , more likely to take part in protests than other groups and highly disillusioned with mainstream politics . Only 20 % of these online supporters trusted their national governments . And the vast majority listed immigration and Islamic extremism as their greatest concerns . Significantly , while a majority of those surveyed disavowed violence , 26 % regarded it as "  acceptable to achieve the right outcome . " Among followers of Bloc Identitaire in France and CasaPound Italia in Italy , the proportion rose to well over 40 % . CasaPound is named after American poet Ezra Pound , who supported dictator Benito Mussolini , and its leader told the Guardian newspaper this week that the fascist leader was the group 's "  point of reference . " Several supporters of Bloc Identitaire last month staged a "  white die-in " on the streets of Dijon as a protest against perceived inaction by the authorities after the murder of a white teenager . This mind-set has already led to a violent response among a tiny minority , as the Norway massacre earlier this year -- and admitted to by suspect Anders Breivik -- showed . Breivik purportedly authored a 1,500-page manifesto critical of Muslim immigration and European liberalism . The sort of grievances that motivated Breivik are echoed throughout the Demos survey . One supporter of the English Defense League wrote : "  No way can a Muslim race bring their rules to our country . " Another respondent identifying himself as a supporter of the Dansk Folkeparti , which has 25 seats in the Danish parliament , reflected a view widely held among respondents : "  The foreigners are slowly suffocating our lovely country . They have all these children and raise them so badly that in three or four generations there 'll be no ... well-behaved children at all . " A supporter of the German group Die Freiheit said his priorities were "  human rights ... against Islamisation of Europe and intolerance by Turkish and Arabic immigrants towards gays and Jews , " an unusual twist on the traditional phobias of the far right . By country , supporters of the French National Front and Bloc Identitaire were the most concerned about immigration , while followers of the Dutch Freedom Party were the most likely to rate Islamic extremism among their top concerns . The party , part of the current coalition government in the Netherlands , is led by Geert Wilders , who has described Islam as a ` fascist ' religion . While some respondents were openly racist , others were more concerned that Muslim immigrants avoided assimilation . "  Prevent the oppression of Islamic women , " wrote one Swedish respondent , "  by banning the burqa in public places . " Many respondents share a loathing of what they see as a corrupt and complacent political class . A Facebook follower of the French National Front lamented "  the desperate lies of the MPs , the comfortable way in which they live while the French face a multitude of problems such as insecurity , mass immigration ... " A supporter of the Northern League in Italy , which has a significant presence in the national and regional assemblies , commented "  I hate politicians ; they are all disgusting , especially when they get to the armchair of power . " This sentiment feeds into a gloomy assessment of Europe 's future among followers of these populist movements . Asked whether their country was on the right track , supporters of French , British , German and Belgian groups were the most downbeat , with fewer than 10 % optimistic about the future . Increasingly , the sentiment appears to be feeding growing hostility toward the European Union . Large majorities of supporters in all but one group  the exception being the Northern League in Italy  regard the EU as a waste of money , with inadequate control over its external borders , and hold it responsible for a loss of cultural identity . Demos says the survey shows how the convergence of virtual and real-world political activity "  is the way millions of people -- especially young people -- relate to politics in the 21st century . " The challenge to European politicians , as they lurch from one crisis summit to the next , is to ensure this alienated generation does not desert civic society altogether .	Populist movements in Europe have a large online following Supporters rail against multiculturalism and Islamic extremism Some parties compete in elections with growing success
CNN  -- Rioting has broken out for the past three nights in Sweden 's capital , Stockholm , with scores of cars set alight and violent clashes between police and youths . The shooting death of a man by police is blamed for the demonstrations . More than 100 vehicles were set on fire Sunday night just in the northern suburb of Husby , Stockholm police press officer Kjell Lindgren told CNN on Wednesday . Another 29 were set on fire Tuesday night in the wider district , he said . Eight people were arrested in Husby Tuesday night , which was quieter than the previous two nights , he said . Husby is an area that has a lot of problems and a high crime rate , according to Lindgren . The Swedish version of The Local , an English-language online newspaper , quoted a local youth leader as saying some police officers used racial slurs against residents Sunday as the trouble flared . Tensions have been brewing since May 14 , when police shot dead a 69-year-old Husby man who had a machete , the newspaper said . The disorder led Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt to issue a statement Tuesday appealing for calm . "  We have had two nights of great worry , damage to property and a threatening mood in Husby . There is a risk that it will continue . Now everyone must help out to calm things down , " he said . "  We have groups of young men who believe one should and can change our society through violence . We can not let violence govern . " Police officers are there to maintain order according to laws that apply to everyone and to keep residents safe , Reinfeldt said . "  We should not make the use of violence a part of freedom of expression , " he added . Reinfeldt said the trouble reflects a broader problem in Swedish society ; more should be done to support education and help young people into work , he said . Sweden is generally regarded as having a history of successful integration of various immigrant groups .	Three nights of rioting involves youths and police in Sweden 's capital , Stockholm Husby , a northern suburb of Stockholm , has been at the center of the disorder Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt appeals for calm in the capital
Indiana , U.S.  CNN  -- North Korea will soon test its third nuclear device . Earlier tests in 2006 and 2009 drew worldwide condemnation , Security Council sanctions and led Pyongyang to withdraw from the six-party talks . In resolution 2087 , passed on January 22 , the Council imposed new sanctions on North Korea for its December 12 space missile launch and made clear that new violations would be dealt with harshly . In response , North Korea rejected Council legitimacy , asserted their right to nuclear weapons and deterrence and proclaimed it would soon conduct a new nuclear test . In addition the North engaged in some strong saber-rattling aimed at South Korea . Because some analysts believe this will be a uranium explosion , it is a game-changer for the region and poses new and unfavorable challenges to the Security Council . A successful uranium test indicates that Pyongyang has advanced centrifuge technologies and related support systems . It means that North Korea , if left unchecked , can both produce and export such material , raising new concerns that Pyongyang and Iran cooperate in such developments . Politically the test will reveal that the new regime of Kim Jong-Un exceeds the defiance to U.N. dictates of his predecessors in pursuing his nation 's nuclear goals . Neither the prospect of stronger sanctions , nor the growing discontent of Russia and China with his behavior , appears to deter North Korea 's young leader . OPINION : Rescind North Korea 's license to provoke These dilemmas confront the permanent five members of the Council with a harsh reality check regarding their unity of action and what message to convey to the north via what particular sanctions . If the Council follows the logic of resolution 2087 , it will impose more extensive and punishing sanctions than ever before . Such sanctions will blacklist companies , government agencies and individuals long known for their role in illicit technology procurement and sanctions evasion . They will expand financial sanctions into areas of banking that would require substantial transnational enforcement to bite , and they may call upon countries in the region to inspect almost all North Korean trade . The economic squeeze and further isolation of the DPRK will increase substantially . These sanctions would require China to play an enforcement role against North Korean economic actors it has hitherto resisted . Seizing prohibited goods that pass through Dalian harbor and other trans-shipment points , as well as shutting down various border activities , would also fall to China . These extensive sanctions as punishment operate from the assumption that at some point the north will forego its nuclear program in order to survive as an authoritarian state . But there may be an alternative to the punishment approach that could bring Beijing on board with effective Council action . China might well accept specialized trade sanctions aimed to degrade the DPRK 's ability to sustain the nuclear program for lack of material and due to prohibitive costs of sanctions busting , as a way of conveying to Pyongyang that it must return to the negotiating table . The logic of extensive new product-focused sanctions is that DPRK can make -- or jerry-rig -- only a small fraction of the advanced technologies and specialty materials that sustain an ongoing uranium enrichment program . To choke off these materials -- and the illicit means of financing them -- provides the Council with a possibility to make it technically impossible for DPRK to have a functioning uranium-based bomb program . Precise lists of dozens of the materials used in centrifuge operation that should be sanctioned are already recorded for the Council in the reports of their Panel of Experts for the DPRK . Lists of related materials have also been developed by the Nuclear Supplies Group . To date the permanent five have sanctioned only a very few of the materials on either list . The Council also needs member states to strengthen export , customs and financial controls on dual-use items that are "  below grade " of those newly sanctioned items . This will stifle the North 's ability to upgrade or jerry-rig these hitherto unsanctioned items as a way of maintaining their program . Also critical to the success of this choking of supplies would be stricter controls of the illicit financing that supports such trade . Putting strong enforcement behind the 2087 resolution 's concern about DPRK cash flows , especially through its embassies , is also in order . Another , somewhat unprecedented , sanctions option would be a Council-issued travel ban on North Korea placed on all scientists , engineers and others with specialized expertise in centrifuge technologies and uranium enrichment . Political agreement on these measures will not be easy to attain among the permanent five nations of the Security Council . But a product-focused sanctions approach -- especially leveraged to aim for more direct diplomatic engagement with the DPRK while denying them material to grow their illicit programs -- has the best chance of gaining Council consensus . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of George A. Lopez .	Lopez : Uranium-based blast would pose new challenge to U.N. Security Council Indicates Pyongyang has advanced centrifuge technologies and related systems North Korea 's young leader appears to care little about what U.N. or China think Product-based sanctions may stifle the North 's ability to continue nuclear program
CNN  -- A fire at a karaoke bar and discotheque in Medan , in Indonesia 's North Sumatra province , killed at least 20 people Friday night , according to a hospital . At least two people survived , according to Aida Sofiati of the Pringadi Hospital in Medan . Sofiati said 20 people were killed . Mohammad Zein , a fire official , said the blaze started around 10 p.m. , but firefighters were able to extinguish it within a half-hour . He said the cause of the fire was not known .	Blaze hits karaoke bar and discotheque in Medan , in North Sumatra province Medan hospital official says at least two people survived Fire official : Fire started around 10 p.m. , was extinguished within half-hour ; cause is n't known
CNN  -- Two brothers who were released from prison Monday after nearly 25 years say their convictions were based on mistaken identity . Raymond and Thomas Highers , appearing on "  Erin Burnett OutFront " on Thursday , said they were in the neighborhood the 1987 night a drug dealer was killed in a Detroit home . But not only was a witness wrong about them being the men fleeing from the house , those two men were n't the killers either , one of the brothers said . "  They were more or less victims themselves of the crime and were told at gunpoint to leave , " Raymond Highers told CNN . "  We were mistaken for those young , white men . " After Facebook posts lead to new trial , convicted brothers granted bond The brothers were granted bond after a chance Facebook encounter led to new testimony from a man who says he was one of those two white teens who were at the house to buy drugs that night . John Hielscher , a teenager at the time of the killing , said in an affidavit that he went to the house with friends to buy marijuana and had a gun put to his head by a group of four or five young , African-American men , the Detroit Free Press reported . "  I can remember it as if it was yesterday . It was almost up to my head , " Hielscher said in a recent interview with the newspaper . "  The gunman said , "  Get the f -- out of here . " As they were running away , they heard a shot , he said . Fearing repercussions , he put the night behind him . A former roommate , Kevin Zieleniewski , contacted Hielscher after he had a 2009 Facebook exchange with a woman who posted about the Highers being in prison . Their 1988 convictions were based partly on the testimony of a witness who saw two men go into the house and run out after a gunshot , said Valerie Newman , Thomas Highers ' attorney . That led authorities to presume they were the killers and they were the Highers . With the new testimony "  those presumptions are evaporated , " she said . "  The prosecution has absolutely no case . " Asked if the brothers , born 11 months apart and now 46 , knew the men who allegedly were the killers , Timothy Highers said , "  Absolutely not . We got embroiled in it just by being in the neighborhood that night basically . " The Highers await a new trial after Wayne County Court Judge Lawrence Talon threw out their life sentences in July . A pretrial hearing is set for August 29 . Under Michigan state law , a judge must review an inmate 's conduct in prison before release , even if the inmate 's conviction is set aside . On Monday , the Highers ' former warden and a clinical psychologist testified on the brothers ' behalf at a bond hearing . Carol Howes , former warden of the Lakeland Correctional Facility , where the brothers were periodically incarcerated , said she believes they 're innocent . "  I 've known them for over a decade . I 've never known them to lie to me about anything , " Howes told CNN . "  They have consistently said that they were innocent . " The brothers went home Monday after posting bond . "  We 're feeling very happy and elated , " Thomas Highers said Thursday . "  The last few days have been like a whirlwind ... meeting new family and getting to know everybody once again . " The Wayne County Prosecutor 's Office is appealing the granting of a new trial . CNN 's Julia Greenberg contributed to this report .	Raymond , Timothy Highers say they were in the neighborhood the night a drug dealer was killed A witness said he saw them enter a house about when a shot was fired Brothers were given life and for nearly 25 years they have insisted they are innocent A chance Facebook encounter led to testimony that prompted a judge to order a new trial
Washington  CNN  -- The Justice Department is about to reverse a century of resistance to technology , requiring that federal agents record interviews of most suspects under arrest . It 's a policy change that the department , at the behest of agents , has resisted for decades . A memorandum from Deputy Attorney General James Cole , first reported Wednesday by the Arizona Republic , says that beginning July 11 , "  There is a presumption that the custodial statement of an individual in a place of detention with suitable recording equipment , following arrest but prior to initial appearance , will be electronically recorded . " The policy will apply to the Federal Bureau of Investigation ; the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms & Explosives ; the Drug Enforcement Administration ; and U.S. Marshals Service . Cole 's memo was issued without any public notice on May 12 . U.S. law enforcement officials confirmed the authenticity of the memo . The Justice Department declined to comment . There are exceptions . Those include national security or intelligence interviews or those done under the public safety exception to the requirement that suspects be read their Miranda rights . And it also does n't apply to interviews of suspects before arrest . Recorded interviews are common practice among state and local police departments nationwide . Even inside the Justice Department , the inspector general 's office records interviews . But until the Cole memo , Justice Department policy discouraged recorded interviews for decades , in part because of fears that it could aid defendants on trial . That meant that even in high-profile trials , juries are often treated to the spectacle of FBI or other agents having to testify about what their hand-scribbled notes taken during interviews were supposed to mean . Report raps doctors over roles in post-9 / 11 interrogations In 2012 : Justice Department wo n't prosecute CIA interrogators in two prisoner deaths	Memo from Deputy Attorney General James Cole reverses a century-old policy New policy will apply to FBI , DEA , U.S. Marshals Service and ATF Exceptions include national security or intelligence interviews
L'AQUILA , Italy  CNN  -- Leaders of both industrialized powers and emerging economies have agreed to work together on setting a goal to limit global warming to levels recommended by scientists , U.S. President Barack Obama said at the G-8 summit . G-8 leaders wait for an aide to remove toe markers as they pose for a family photo in L'Aquila , Italy , on July 8 . The G-8 countries -- comprising the United States , Britain , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Canada and Russia -- agreed to a target of reducing their carbon dioxide emissions by 80 percent by the year 2050 to try to prevent the Earth 's atmosphere from warming by more than 2 degrees Celsius  3.6 degrees Fahrenheit  , Obama said . Thursday 's meeting with emerging economies including China also secured a commitment from the developing countries to work for limiting global warming to the 2 degree Celsius threshold , Obama said . "  Developing countries among us will promptly undertake actions whose projected effects on emissions represent a meaningful deviation from business as usual in the midterm , in the context of sustainable development , supported by financing , technology , and capacity-building , " said the declaration from Thursday 's Major Economies Forum on Energy and Climate . The declaration stopped short of setting targets for the developing nations . Obama said the emerging economies agreed to work toward setting specific targets . Watch report from CNN 's Ed Henry " He called the commitment of the emerging economies "  an important stride forward " in minimizing climate change , but acknowledged that the issue he called one of the most challenging of our times would be difficult to confront . Environment groups gave the announcement a cautious welcome . Joanne Green , head of policy at Cafod , told the Press Association : "  Agreeing that average global temperatures should not rise by more than two degrees is forward movement but it is woefully inadequate compared to what was needed . " And Oxfam spokesman Antonio Hill said : "  Today 17 countries , responsible for more than 80 percent of the world 's emissions , agreed for the first time that it 'd be nice to take the road which stops the planet heating up by more than 2 degrees . "  While G-8 countries continue to speed in the opposite direction , towards a cooked planet and climate catastrophe , poor people want to know whether rich coutries will now actually turn around before it 's too late . " The vast majority of climate change scientists warn that warming above the 2 degree Celsius threshold would mean potentially catastrophic impacts on Earth . U.N.-led negotiations on a new global climate change treaty are aiming to conclude with an agreement among 192 nations in Copenhagen , Denmark , in December . Obama said the G-8 targets and work with developing countries are intended to support the international climate change treaty that will succeed the Kyoto Protocol in 2012 . In the United States , Congress is debating a new energy policy that could codify the G-8 target for emissions reductions in law . A House bill that recently passed has the same target of an 80 percent reduction by 2050 , but Senate passage of a measure remains uncertain . Watch as leaders tour quake zone " Republican opponents contend the United States would put itself at a competitive disadvantage by setting firm targets when China and other emerging economies would be free to pollute without limits . Some Democratic senators also fear harmful effects on fossil fuel industries in their states . The Major Economies Forum led by Obama included the G-8 countries along with Brazil , China , India , Mexico , Australia , South Africa and others . The Forum nations account for 80 percent of the world 's greenhouse gas emissions . Its declaration Thursday outlined a range of actions including funding mechanisms for both reducing greenhouse gas emissions and helping nations and ecosystems adapt to global warming , along with more money to pursue alternative energy sources . The declaration said the world 's emissions should peak as soon as possible and then start going down . It acknowledged that industrial powers have emitted most of the pollution causing climate change and therefore have a greater responsibility in responding . Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd announced the creation of an institute to study and advance so-called clean coal technology intended to reduce the harmful pollution from coal-fired energy . In addition , the declaration recognized "  that the timeframe for peaking will be longer in developing countries , bearing in mind that social and economic development and poverty eradication are the first and overriding priorities in developing countries and that low-carbon development is indispensable to sustainable development . " Watch what 's on agenda at G-8 summit " Todd Stern , Obama 's special envoy for climate change , noted that China and other emerging economies had never previously acknowledged the 2-degree Celsius threshold or committed to reducing emissions from current levels . He called those steps "  significant , " but conceded they fell short of binding commitments to meet specific reductions goals . However , Stern said the 2-degree threshold was the "  underpinning " of the global goal for an overall 50 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 , including the 80 percent cuts targeted by the G-8 countries . Obama acknowledged the United States has previously failed to meet its responsibilities regarding climate change , and he pledged a renewed commitment and leadership . In his remarks , Rudd made a point of welcoming the new leadership role by Obama and the United States . Obama will meet Friday with Pope Benedict XVI , who launched a verbal assault on global capitalism ahead of the G-8 meeting , lambasting "  grave deviations and failures " and calling for a "  profoundly new way of understanding business enterprise . " The pope challenged bankers to turn away from the practices blamed for bringing about the global economic crisis and instead use their power to help the world create wealth and economic development . "  Above all , the intention to do good must not be considered incompatible with the effective capacity to produce goods , " Benedict said Wednesday . After his meeting with the pope , the first U.S. African-American president will make his first trip as chief executive to Africa , traveling to Accra , Ghana . Obama 's father was a native of Kenya . CNN 's Paula Newton in L'Aquila , Italy , contributed to this report .	U.S. President Barack Obama : Leaders will work together on climate change At Italy summit , leaders pledge to slash greenhouse gas emissions Leaders pledge aim to achieve a 50 percent reduction in global emissions by 2050 Meeting takes place in heart of quake zone where about 300 people died
If Hillary Clinton runs for president in 2016 , Bill Clinton will be her closest political adviser and confidant . So when the former President laid out a detailed Democratic platform after being asked how he would advise a presidential candidate , the connection to Hillary Clinton 's possible presidential run was not far from anyone 's mind , including Bill Clinton 's . "  Let 's assume that you are advising a presidential candidate , " Charlie Rose said in an interview that was taped Monday at the Clinton Global Initiative meeting in New York . "  That 's a heavy assumption , " Bill Clinton said with a laugh . "  My advice has sometimes been welcome , sometimes not . Sometimes right and sometimes not . " Clinton said that in presidential campaigns , "  the past is relevant insofar as it 's an indication of what might happen in the future , " but he was clear to say that "  by and large , almost all elections are about the future . " Here are , according to Bill Clinton , the forward-looking policies a presidential candidate , and possibly a president , will have to focus on : Economic growth : "  Well first on the home front , we need a table plan that has the prospect of restoring more rapid growth that actually generates jobs and raises incomes and gives poor people a chance to work their way from poverty into the middle class . I think that 's really important . The most likely way to do that is flowing investments into areas that we know will create a lot of jobs and that simultaneously will change the job mix . " Energy and infrastructure investment : "  A much more vigorous orientation toward the future , that is making future-related investments like a modern electrical grid . " "  I think the most reasonable , easy , low-hanging fruit targets are a revived effort in the energy area and particularly in making all these buildings in America more efficient . And then other kinds of infrastructure . " Health care : "  I think secondly , continuing to work on the health care system is important because the four-year hiatus we 've had in health care inflation , we 've got to keep it going . I do n't care what anybody says ; the federal health care law that expanded Medicaid to working people with low incomes and their kids was a big boon . " Education : "  Then you 've got to do , you 've got to keep working on education and reform the student loan problem and figure out a way to deliver online or in person much more affordable higher education . And we have to erase , totally erase , the difference between technical and academic education . " Reforming the corporate tax rate : "  We should bring the money home . The corporate money that 's been lodged overseas can be brought home ; the corporations have told us how to do it . Whether we like it or not , this inversion , this is their money . And we are going to have to have a more competitive corporate tax system . "	Bill Clinton lays out Democratic platform he would suggest for a presidential candidate Connection to Hillary Clinton , his wife and possible candidate , was not lost on anyone Economic growth , energy investment , health care focus , education among his top issues He also suggested bringing "  corporate money " home by reforming the tax code
London  CNN  -- Media magnate Rupert Murdoch 's flagship British Sunday tabloid newspaper officially apologized Sunday for hacking into voice mails , in a scandal which has affected celebrities , politicians and royal household staff . The weekly newspaper offered compensation and "  apologized unreservedly " for the "  unacceptable " hacking . But at least one of the victims is rejecting the deal , her lawyer told CNN Sunday . Nicola Phillips , who used to work for celebrity publicist Max Clifford , has refused a payout offer , lawyer Mark Lewis said . "  She ... needs a declaration of the truth , " Lewis told CNN . "  If I said I will give you 50,000 pounds  $ 82,000  , but you have no way of knowing how many times your phone was hacked , you have no way of knowing how much damage was done . " He declined to say how much she had been offered , citing the terms of a letter Phillips received on Friday from News International , the News of the World 's parent company . She is one of several Lewis clients suing over the scandal . Lewis said none of his other clients had received offers of compensation . He represents "  Who Wants to Be a Millionaire " host Chris Tarrant , among others . News International , which also owns the Sun and the Times of London , Friday apologized for the widespread phone hacking scandal . Murdoch 's empire also encompasses the Wall Street Journal , the New York Post , Fox News and Harper Collins publishers . Actress Sienna Miller on April 5 won a court case to access phone records to see if her phone had been hacked . That same day , London 's Metropolitan Police arrested two men "  on suspicion of unlawfully intercepting mobile phone voice mail messages " on April 5 , they said . British media identified them as Ian Edmonson , a former assistant editor of News of the World , and Neville Thurbeck , its chief reporter . By law , British police do not name people who have been arrested . Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown wrote to police last summer to ask if his voice mail had been hacked into , a source close to the situation told CNN in January . Police declined to say whether Brown had written to them or what action they took . A spokeswoman for Brown would not comment on the record . News International issued a similar apology Friday : "  Following an extensive internal investigation and disclosures through civil legal cases , News International has decided to approach some civil litigants with an unreserved apology and an admission of liability in cases meeting specific criteria . " The company added that it has asked its lawyers to set up a compensation fund to deal with "  justifiable " claims -- but would contest cases that it believed were without merit . "  That said , past behaviour at the News of the World in relation to voice mail interception is a matter of genuine regret . It is now apparent that our previous inquiries failed to uncover important evidence and we acknowledge our actions then were not sufficiently robust . "  We continue to co-operate fully with the Metropolitan Police . It was our discovery and voluntary disclosure of this evidence in January that led to the re-opening of the police investigation . "  With that investigation on going , we can not comment further until its completion . " In January , Prime Minister David Cameron 's spokesman stepped down amid speculation he had known about the hacking -- something he has always denied . Andy Coulson was the editor of the News of the World in 2007 when royal correspondent Clive Goodman and private investigator Glenn Mulcaire were sentenced to prison for hacking into voice mails of members of the royal family 's staff . Goodman also admitted hacking into the messages of model Elle MacPherson . Coulson denied knowing about the hacking but resigned from the paper because Goodman ultimately worked for him . He was later hired to be Cameron 's spokesman , a position he quit earlier this year after an extensive New York Times investigation reignited the scandal . Cameron said Coulson was stepping down because of the continuing pressures on him and his family . The former newspaper editor also believed that the focus surrounding the issue was "  impeding his ability to do his job and was starting to prove a distraction for the Government , " Cameron added . The New York Times alleged in its story last year that -- far from Goodman and Mulcaire being lone culprits -- phone hacking was common practice at the newspaper . One of the few sources who went on the record in the Times article , former News of the World journalist Sean Hoare , said Coulson , then his boss at the tabloid , "  actively encouraged me " to hack into the voice mails of public figures to get stories for the News of the World . But Coulson 's allies have cast doubt on Hoare 's credibility since the Times article came out September 1 , pointing out that Hoare was fired from the paper over allegations of drug and alcohol abuse . A British parliamentary committee has also investigated the tabloid . News Corporation executives insisted in parliamentary testimony that illegal hacking into voice mail messages was not a widespread practice at News of the World . CNN 's Nick Hunt contributed to this report .	Britiain 's News of the World "  apologizes unreservedly " for "  unacceptable " activity Celebrities including Sienna Miller are suing the paper 's owner News International One victim rejects the offer of compensation , her lawyer says Rupert Murdoch also owns the Wall Street Journal , Fox News , and Times of London
CNN  -- The 2012 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine was awarded Monday to Sir John B. Gurdon and Shinya Yamanaka for work that revolutionized the understanding of how cells and organisms develop . The Nobel Assembly 's announcement at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm , Sweden , is the first for what will be a series of prizes announced this week . The Norwegian Nobel committee will announce the most anticipated of the annual honors -- the Nobel Peace Prize -- on Friday in Oslo , Norway . Gurdon , 79 , of Dippenhall , England , and Yamanaka , 50 , of Osaka , Japan , share the prize jointly for their discovery that "  mature , specialised cells can be reprogrammed to become immature cells capable of developing into all tissues of the body , " according to the Nobel Assembly , which consists of 50 professors at the Karolinska Institute . Gurdon discovered in 1962 that the cells are reversible in an experiment with an egg cell of a frog . Yamanaka discovered more than 40 years later how mature cells in mice could be reprogrammed to become immature stem cells "  that are able to develop into all types of cells in the body , " the assembly said in a statement . "  These groundbreaking discoveries have completely changed our view of the development and cellular specialisation . We now understand that the mature cell does not have to be confined forever to its specialised state , " the Nobel Assembly said . "  Textbooks have been rewritten and new research fields have been established . By reprogramming human cells , scientists have created new opportunities to study diseases and develop methods for diagnosis and therapy . Separated by more than 40 years , the work of Gurdon and Yamanaka led to a practical medical use for stem cell research that sidesteps the main argument by anti-abortion opponents . Now embryonic-like stem cells can be created in the laboratory from adult cells of the same organism , rather than using aborted fetuses or embryos , explained Visar Belegu , a stem cell researcher at the Hugo W. Moser Research Institute , part of the Kennedy Krieger Institute in Baltimore . Gurdon pioneered cloning through cell reproduction in a tadpole in 1962 . In 2006 , Yamanaka figured out how to reprogram mature cells so that they revert to their primitive state as "  induced pluripotent stem cells , " or iPS cells , capable of developing into any part of the body , Belegu said . The Nobel Prize awarded Monday is the first for reprogramming cells , which scientists consider a major breakthrough in medical treatment . For example , a person suffering from Parkinson 's disease can have personal iPS cells created from their blood , Belegu said . Those cells , which can be stored forever , can then be used to make new dopaminergic neurons that can be implanted to replace the cells damaged by the disease , he said . Read more : Nobel winner died days before award announced The prizes given to Gurdon and Yamanaka were created in 1895 by Swedish industrialist Alfred Nobel honor work in physics , chemistry , literature and peace . Economics was added as a category in 1968 , and the first prize awarded for economic sciences was in 1969 . The monetary award that accompanies the Nobel Prize was lowered by the foundation this year by 20 % from 10 million Swedish kronor  $ 1.5 million  to 8 million kronor  $ 1.2 million  because of the turbulence that has hit financial markets . On Tuesday , the committee will announce its award for achievement in physics . The next day , the winner of the Nobel Prize in chemistry will be announced . Read more : ` Father of test tube baby ' wins Nobel Prize for medicine On October 15 , the committee will announce its award for the prize for economics . A date for the announcement of the literature prize has not been set . Since 1901 , the committee has handed out the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 101 times . The youngest recipient was Frederick G. Banting , who won in 1923 at the age of 32 . The oldest medicine laureate was Peyton Rous , who was 87 years old when he was awarded the prize in 1966 . Read more : Vatican official criticizes award of Nobel Prize to Robert Edwards To date , no one has been awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine more than once . One-half of the prize in medicine went last year to Ralph Steinman , who died just days before the Nobel committee 's announcement . Read more : IVF doctors , families celebrate creator 's Nobel Prize He was awarded the Nobel Prize for his discovery of the dendritic cell and its role in adaptive immunity . Steinman , a Canadian immunologist , died of pancreatic cancer at the age of 68 . He used a kind of experimental dendritic cell-based immunotherapy he designed in his treatment , according to Rockefeller University , where he conducted his research . The Nobel committee was unaware of his death . Had it known , its own rules would have precluded him being selected as a winner . The other half of the prize went to Bruce Beutler and Jules A. Hoffman for discovering proteins that detect bacteria in the body and activate the immune system 's first line of defense , a process known as innate immunity . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	The pair 's work revolutionized the understanding of how cells and organisms develop It led to a practical medical use for stem cell research , without needing embryonic cells The Nobel prize was created by Swedish industrialist Alfred Nobel in 1895
CNN  -- A pilot performing stunts in an east Florida air show died in a fiery crash Saturday when the Russian military plane he was flying broke from formation and plummeted to the ground , officials said . No one else was injured , the spokesman said . The incident occured at around 4:30 p.m. E.T. in Bunnell , Florida , at Flagler County Airport , according to Carl Laundrie , the county 's communications director . Bunnell is about 25 miles north of Daytona Beach . The pilot , William E. Walker , 58 , of Cookeville , Tennessee , was performing at the 2nd Annual Wings over Flagler air show when the crash occurred , according to a media release from the Florida Highway Patrol . The release stated that the crash was not alcohol related . "  During the aerial demonstration , the pilot lost control of the aircraft by unknown reasons , " the highway patrol release stated . The pilot crashed about a half-mile from spectators attending the event , causing the 1983 Aerostar YAK-52 Russian military trainer aircraft he was flying to burst into flames , according to the highway patrol . The pilot was pronounced dead at the scene , the release stated . The fire was quickly extinguished and the remainder of the Saturday air show was canceled , Laundrie said . Event organizers plan to resume the show on Sunday , Laundrie said . Specialists with the Federal Aviation Administration and National Transportation Safety Board were headed to the crash site Saturday to open an investigation of the crash , according to the highway patrol . CNN 's Ben Smith and Chuck Johnston contributed to this report	NEW : Pilot killed in crash identified Pilot killed while performing stunts at a Florida air show He was flying a Russian military plane that crashed
Editor 's note : Dr. Anthony S. Fauci is director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health . Dr. Anthony S. Fauci : Progress has been made in the fight against HIV/AIDS , but "  our work is just beginning . " CNN  -- When we commemorated the first World AIDS Day on December 1 , 1988 , we had little to celebrate . The number of reported AIDS cases in the United States was nearing 80,000 and rising rapidly . Untold thousands more in this country were living with the human immunodeficiency virus , or HIV . Globally , AIDS cases already had been reported from more than 135 countries . An AIDS tsunami clearly was looming , but we had few defenses at our disposal . For those of us caring for people with AIDS , it was a dark time . We had just one anti-HIV medicine in our pharmacies , AZT , a drug that the virus rapidly defeated by mutating and developing resistance . Lacking other medicines to slow the relentless replication of HIV and its destruction of a person 's immune system , we did our best to help our patients by managing to the extent possible their AIDS-related infections and complications . But the life span of most of the patients was measured in months . Two decades later , much has changed . An unprecedented research effort has led to more than two dozen anti-HIV drugs , more than for all other viral diseases combined . Taken in proper combinations , these medications have dramatically improved the prognosis for people living with HIV by increasing their life span by at least a decade and providing the possibility of a normal life span with continued therapy . Scientifically proven prevention approaches -- education and outreach to at-risk populations , voluntary HIV testing and counseling , condom distribution , prevention of HIV transmission from mother to baby , harm reduction approaches for drug abusers , mass-media campaigns and the screening of donated blood -- have been deployed with great success in the United States and many other countries . Innovative programs such as the President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief and the Global Fund for HIV/AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria , as well as the efforts of nongovernment organizations , have reached millions of people in low - and mid-income countries worldwide with HIV-related services , at a scale unimaginable a few years ago . And gradually -- but too slowly -- we have begun addressing AIDS-related stigma in this country and abroad . Much has been accomplished in the fight against HIV/AIDS from scientific , medical and public health standpoints . However , now is no time to rest on our accomplishments or our laurels . The statistics of the HIV/AIDS pandemic tell us that much more needs to be done . Around the world , a staggering 2.7 million people were infected in 2007 alone . Globally , 33 million people are living with HIV infection , most of them in the developing world . In the United States , more than 1 million people are living with HIV . And 56,000 more people are infected each year in the U.S. , driving HIV prevalence rates in some of our communities to levels that rival those seen in sub-Saharan Africa . Gay and bisexual men , and African-Americans in general , are disproportionately affected . The true ground zero of the HIV epidemic in the United States is in those communities . What is the way forward ? First , even in the face of a world economic crisis , the global community must scale up the delivery of proven HIV therapies and prevention services . In low - and middle-income countries , less than one-third of people in need of anti-HIV therapy are receiving it , and only one in five people at risk of HIV infection have access to prevention services . All around the world , access to HIV services -- and medical care in general -- remains a challenge in many poor communities . The global community must sustain our commitment to investing resources for medicines , clinics , as well as training and salaries for doctors , nurses and community health care workers to provide care for HIV/AIDS and other diseases in the settings where they occur . Here in the United States , more than one-fifth of people living with HIV are unaware of their infection and not receiving appropriate care for their own health or the prevention services that would help them avoid transmitting the virus to others . A frequent scenario is that people learn of their infection status only when they have advanced symptoms of HIV disease , when their health may by irreparably damaged . Now is the time for the medical community and policymakers to embrace U.S. guidelines for all Americans aged 13-64 to be voluntarily tested in routine medical care . Barriers to implementation of HIV testing guidelines , such as state , local or agency regulations that conflict with the recommendations , variability in payment coverage for the test , and concerns about the stigma and discrimination that may accompany an HIV diagnosis , must be addressed . Meanwhile , we also must continue to invest in the next generation of treatment and prevention modalities . Encouragingly , new means of preventing HIV infection are emerging from well-designed and well-implemented clinical research trials . One exciting concept is pre-exposure prophylaxis or PrEP , giving preventive doses of anti-HIV drugs to individuals who are at an increased risk of HIV infection . This still-experimental strategy is based on the concept that if HIV replication can be inhibited immediately following exposure to the virus , permanent infection might be thwarted . Multiple clinical studies of PrEP are under way in the United States and in populations around the world . Ongoing research to develop microbicidal gels or creams to be applied before sex offer the hope of people being able to protect themselves from HIV infection in situations where saying no to sex or insisting on condom use is not an option . Finally , a preventive HIV vaccine remains the greatest hope for halting the relentless spread of HIV/AIDS . We must solve the mystery of how to prompt the human body to produce a protective immune response against HIV , which natural infection with the virus seems unable to do . Historically , it has taken decades to find effective vaccines to combat most infectious diseases . Researchers usually experienced numerous setbacks and disappointments before reaching success , yet they persevered . Finding a safe and effective HIV vaccine demands an equally intense resolve . On this World AIDS Day , we should be proud of the many scientific advances that have been made in the fight against HIV/AIDS . But it is hardly a time for self-congratulation . Rather , we must understand that our work is just beginning . Developing HIV interventions and delivering them to the people who need them will require scientific and public health vision , and dedication from all sectors of society , in good times and bad . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. Anthony S. Fauci .	Dr. Anthony S. Fauci : Access to HIV services , medical care a challenge in poor areas Fauci : Preventive HIV vaccine is best hope for halting spread of HIV/AIDS Medications improved prognosis for people living with HIV by increasing life spans Prevention approaches , education , testing , counseling , condoms deployed
Boston  CNN  -- A federal jury on Tuesday heard the voice of reputed Boston mob boss James "  Whitey " Bulger in conversations recorded during visits by his family members since his incarceration in 2011 . Bulger , who had only been heard uttering choice expletives and inappropriate laughter during trial so far , can be heard imitating a machine gun while describing the death of a Dorchester bartender , who he is charged with killing along with 18 others . "  Bull Dog 's was uh -- Eddie Connors ... the guy in the phone booth ... pa pa pa pa pow , " Bulger says , laughing with his niece and nephew , the son and daughter of his brother William Bulger , who was president of the Massachusetts State Senate for 17 years . Prosecutors allege Bulger killed Connors in a phone booth in 1975 for running his mouth about Bulger and his "  Winter Hill Gang " killing another Charlestown gangster . Whitey Bulger : Fast Facts Karen Smith , who testified earlier about the last time she saw Connors , her father -- who she said used to come home for dinner and put her and her brother to bed every night -- was sobbing in her seat in the courtroom when the audio was played . Bulger did not implicate himself as the killer in the partially transcribed phone conversation of a visit on October 13 , 2012 . He said , "  They threw my name in the mix , " likely referring to others placing the blame on him . "  As usual , " his nephew responded . "  But that is what happened , " Bulger said to his niece and nephew . In another audio recording , Bulger described a run-in with potential robbers at the liquor store he and his partners allegedly used as an "  office . " "  So I picked up a shotgun and I 'm aimin ' it at them and the guy looked up and oh ... , " Bulger said to his brother John Bulger . "  And I put one in the chamber like , ptwwww -- and he looked up and I 'm aimin ' and he says to the other guy , he says , ` Hey ,  Bulger laughs  a bag of peanuts please . ' " "  We were lucky they did n't try to do nothing , " Bulger told his brother during this December 11 , 2012 , visit . Bulger described as a ` hands-on killer ' The prosecution has been trying to prove Bulger is guilty of 19 murder charges , as well as extortion , racketeering and money laundering . Bulger , 83 , has pleaded not guilty . The trial entered its 15th day Tuesday , and will resume Monday after a long holiday weekend . The prosecution has called more than 30 witnesses and could call as many as 80 before the defense is given an opportunity to make its case . Judge Denise Casper advised jurors on Tuesday that court is likely to go into September . William "  Billy " Shea was also called to the stand . Shea said he sold drugs for Bulger and gave him a "  chop , " or piece of the profit , during the reign of Bulger 's South Boston empire , which prosecutor 's say lasted nearly 20 years . Shea also described how he and Bulger cultivated a friendship and a business together , often pointing to "  Jim , " and referring to him during his storytelling , as if they were telling it together . Why we ca n't get enough of the gangster life At one point , Shea was asked to describe how much money he was making at the height of his drug selling , when he was paying Bulger a cut of $ 4,000 a week . "  It was brisk , a good weekly take . I would say plus 100-thousand or more every week . I 'm thinking Jim 's looking at me saying this son of a bitch got that much money and I only got that end ... I do n't know ! " Bulger laughed , as did the courtroom . Shea said he sold "  gangster " weed and later partnered with Joseph Tower to sell cocaine . The jury , and the courtroom , appeared captivated by his storytelling . When Shea was asked to identify Bulger , he pointed at him and said , "  He is that young fella right there , " and Bulger returned his old friend 's smile . Shea , like the other associates , painted Bulger as their insurance , the "  protection " they needed to do business and not be bothered . Both Tower and Shea have testified that Bulger helped them when they most needed it . Tower said Bulger saved his brother 's life . Tower said Tuesday , "  Bulger was well known and well feared -- If you were with Mr. Bulger you could operate , you did n't need the police . " Both Shea and Tower are testifying under immunity agreements with the federal government . Shea told the jury that Bulger got upset with him when Shea indicated he wanted to leave the business . When Shea said he began reconciling with his old friend , it was as if no one was in the courtroom but the two of them . "  It was the first time you ever threatened me . I am sure you remember it . I do . You said , ` You remember what happened to Bucky Barrett ? ' I understood it to be what it meant . Bucky Barrett is someone who is missing . I took it as a threat , " Shea said to Bulger , who was sitting no more than five feet in front of him . Bulger is charged with the murder of Arthur "  Bucky " Barrett after allegedly shaking him down for money after a bank robbery . Then it seemed Shea remembered he was in court and said , "  It changed my perception of Jim just like that . I am looking at a guy who I thought I knew for many years , and he is saying you will do what I say or I 'll whack you , basically . " Shea said shortly after that , Bulger and his associates picked Shea up and took him to the South Boston projects , where Bulger led him into a cellar to "  frighten me or whack me . " Shea said Bulger just wanted to talk about "  trust . " Shea said he had his back to the concrete on the lookout for the associates , who he thought were going to come down the steps to the cellar and "  make " him . Shea said Bulger was also questioning him about "  skimming " the drugs to set up a side business , but Shea said he "  had n't seen the product in years , " adding "  that 's what Jim taught me , to always have buffers . " Shea said about Bulger , "  I have always feared him a little bit because I know he 's smart and clever . I am thinking if he makes a move ... " and then Shea looked at Bulger . "  You make a move , you are going with me , Jim . That 's what was going through my head . " Shea said Bulger did n't want any loose ends , and Shea assured him he did n't rat out Bulger when he was arrested in 1983 on drug trafficking charges , and he was n't going to do it once he backed out of the business . The men finished their conversation and Bulger offered Shea a ride home , but Shea opted to walk , he said . Shea was with his 4-year-old son when he bumped into Bulger on a snowy night a month later . Shea said Bulger immediately told him , "  Bill , we are just here by chance , " in an effort to ease his nerves . Shea said he had n't seen Bulger since then until Tuesday .	Recordings of James "  Whitey " Bulger 's jail visits are played in court Bulger talks about one shooting of which he is accused , but does n't incriminate himself Witness who says he paid Bulger a cut of drug sales captivates courtroom with testimony
London  CNN  -- Britain 's government has evidence Russia was involved in the mysterious poisoning death of former KGB agent Alexander Litvinenko , who was at that time working for British and Spanish intelligence services , a lawyer has said . The allegation emerged at a hearing Thursday in London ahead of an inquest into Litvinenko 's 2006 death that is due to start in May . In Britain , an inquest is an inquiry held where a death is sudden or unexplained to establish the facts around it . Read more : Russian magnate wins libel case over poisoning report Litvinenko , a fierce critic of Russian President Vladimir Putin , came to Britain in 2000 after turning whistle-blower on the FSB , the KGB 's successor . He died at a London hospital November 23 , 2006 , after being poisoned by the radioactive material polonium-210 . In a deathbed statement , he blamed Putin , an accusation the Kremlin has strongly denied . The counsel to the inquest , Hugh Davies , said evidence provided by the UK government "  does establish a prima facie case as to the culpability of the Russian state in the death of Alexander Litvinenko . " Read more : FBI releases Russian spy trove The confidential government material does not , however , support the idea that the British government itself killed Litvinenko , he said . Nor does it suggest that fellow Kremlin critic Boris Berezovsky , the Spanish mafia or other organized crime groups are to blame , Davies added . Prosecutors in London want Russia to extradite Andrei Lugovoi , suspected in the killing , but Russia has repeatedly refused to do so . Lawyer Ben Emmerson , acting for Litvinenko 's widow Marina , told the hearing that Litvinenko was working for the British intelligence service MI6 and had been tasked by MI6 with working also for the Spanish intelligence service as it investigated Russian mafia activities in Spain . Litvinenko had an MI6 handler known only as "  Martin , " whom he would meet in central London , he said . Payments , both from MI6 and from the Spanish intelligence services , were made directly into the joint bank account held by Litvinenko and his wife , Emmerson said . Read more : Washington and Russia agree to swap intelligence gatherers While ill in hospital Litvinenko called Lugovoi about a planned trip together to Spain , a phone call that was witnessed by his wife , Emmerson said . The men were both to provide intelligence to the Spanish prosecutor investigating Russian mafia links to the Kremlin and to Putin , he said . Emmerson also questioned whether the British government did enough to protect Litvinenko from threats to his safety in light of his relationship with MI6 . Russia 's Investigative Committee has confirmed that it wants to be involved in the process as an "  interested party , " the state-run RIA Novosti news agency said Friday . If Russia becomes an interested party , its representatives will be allowed to cross-examine witnesses and study the evidence , it said . A statement on the website of the Russian Embassy in London said the Investigative Committee 's involvement would help the inquest "  in securing the all-sided , comprehensive and objective consideration of the case . " The committee , a federal agency , is carrying out its own investigation into the circumstances of Litvinenko 's death in Russia , the statement said . Read more : Putin : UK spy row is ` mini-crisis ' Emmerson told the hearing , held before high court judge Sir Robert Owen , that he and Litvinenko 's widow were keen for Russia to have interested party status . Russia has not yet commented on the claims of evidence of its involvement in Litvinenko 's death .	Lawyer : UK government evidence suggests Russia tied to ex-KGB agent 's death Alexander Litvinenko worked for MI6 and Spanish intelligence services , widow 's lawyer says Litvinenko died after being poisoned by radioactive material polonium-210 in 2006 Litvinenko on deathbed blamed Russia 's Vladimir Putin , but the Kremlin denies the accusation
"  El-mo . We wo n't go ! " The twist on a popular protest chant echoed Saturday as people marched -- many in costume or with puppets -- in support of public broadcasting . The so-called Million Puppet March in Washington was inspired by comments GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney made during the first debate . Romney promised to stop funding to the Public Broadcasting Service , home to "  Sesame Street " and Big Bird . Protesters met at Lincoln Park and marched to the Capitol Reflecting Pool . "  We came down to support PBS and to support freedom of speech in our nation 's capital , " said Jim Brett , who went to Washington with his kids , along with various puppets . Will Big Bird be downsized ? "  PBS is important to me because I grew up on it , " he said . "  It 's a foundation for our children today . " One protester held a placard that read , "  Hundreds of channels to influence consumers ! Zero channels to invest in citizens ? " Others were dressed like Cookie Monster and the Count , both popular "  Sesame Street " characters . PBS is partially funded through the Corporation for Public Broadcasting , which receives about $ 450 million a year -- a fraction of this year 's $ 3.5 trillion federal government spending . "  Sesame Street " is produced by Sesame Workshop , which says 93 % of its costs are funded by corporate sponsors and licensing . "  I 'm sorry , Jim , I 'm going to stop the subsidy to PBS , " Romney said to Jim Lehrer , who moderated the first debate and anchors "  PBS Newshour . " "  I 'm going to stop other things . I like PBS , I love Big Bird , " he said . "  Actually like you , too . But I 'm not going to -- I 'm not going to keep on spending money on things to borrow money from China to pay for . " Romney really does like PBS	The rally was inspired by comments Romney made during a debate He says he would stop federal funding of PBS , home to "  Sesame Street " and Big Bird Some protesters dressed as their favorite characters
CNN  Love it or hate it , Jared Leto 's interpretation of the Joker is an internet sensation . The Oscar winner put on white makeup  and a lot of tattoos this time  to portray the Clown Prince of Crime in the upcoming movie "  Suicide Squad . " Set for release August 5 , 2016 , "  Suicide Squad " is based on the DC Comics series and also stars Will Smith , Margot Robbie and Viola Davis . Twitter users got their first look at Leto in character Friday night , and the memes started almost immediately . From comparisons to "  Home Alone " to an imagining of Ben Affleck tatted up , people on social media put their Photoshopping skills to work all weekend . Which is your favorite ?	Leto will play the Clown Prince of Crime in 2016 's "  Suicide Squad " The first picture of Leto in character led to a series of spoof photos
CNN  -- An armed airman who allegedly barricaded himself inside a building on a Colorado air base is awaiting sentencing on unrelated charges and will likely face additional charges , the base said Tuesday . Airman 1st Class Nico Cruz Santos , 21 , surrendered to authorities late Monday night after an hours-long standoff with authorities at Schriever Air Force Base . No one was injured . "  While there are lessons to be learned from every situation , by and large yesterday 's incident was resolved with the best possible outcome , " said Col. James Ross , 50th Space Wing commander , in a Tuesday statement . "  Our law enforcement and community partners worked together to ensure the security of our mission and people while helping this airman through a troubling situation . " The airman -- who belongs to the base 's 50th Security Forces Squadron -- locked himself around 10 a.m. inside a building where personnel get paperwork and equipment before being deployed , said Lt. Marie Denson , a spokeswoman at the Colorado Springs base . Soon thereafter , that building and the surrounding area was evacuated . Law enforcement units and other first responders from the Schriever base , nearby Peterson Air Force Base and the El Paso County , Colorado , Sheriff 's Office SWAT team rushed to the scene , Lt. Col. Harold Hoang said . The man was armed with a personal handgun , authorities said . He also had his cell phone , which he had been using -- along with a land-line phone -- to communicate with military officials outside . Mental health professionals were also on site , Denson said . The airman "  is currently facing legal action in a civilian court as well as disciplinary action and possible discharge from the Air Force , " Hoang said . The base said in a statement Tuesday that Santos is awaiting sentencing in Gilpin County on unrelated charges earlier this year . "  It is expected that once the investigation of yesterday 's incident is complete that additional charges may be filed in either the military or civilian court systems , " the statement said . The incident remained under investigation Tuesday . Santos was being held in a Teller County detention facility , the base said . Schriever Air Force Base is also home to the Space Innovation and Development Center , the Missile Defense Agency , 310th Space Wing and other units and groups , according to its website . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy , Greg Botelho and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	NEW : Charges are expected against Airman 1st Class Nico Cruz Santos NEW : Santos is awaiting sentencing on unrelated charges , officials say The Air Force member had a gun and cell phone , and had been talking with authorities The Colorado Springs air base is home to the 50th Space Wing
The families of passengers aboard Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 have been told the plane went down in the southern Indian Ocean . Some got the shaking news from a phone call , others received a text message from Malaysia Airlines telling them to "  assume beyond a reasonable doubt " that their relatives did not survive . Others heard the news in person at hotels in Beijing and Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , around the time Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak made the announcement at a Monday press conference . "  They have told us all lives are lost , " a missing passenger 's relative briefed by the airline in Beijing said . That news gave an official explanation of what happened to the plane , a mystery that captivated global audiences for more than two weeks , but the saga of 370 has produced lingering questions : 1 . How did experts determine where the plane went ? Inmarsat is the British company that carried out the satellite analysis that determined the plane went into the southern Indian Ocean . Malaysia 's Prime Minister said Monday the plane was last tracked over the water , west of Perth , Australia . There is "  no way " the plane went north , said Chris McLaughlin , a senior vice president at Inmarsat . The route into the southern Indian Ocean was the "  best fit " with the signals the plane sent to a communications satellite . But he cautioned to CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , "  Nothing is final . " "  We 're not Earth observation satellites , we 're data satellites . So it will require a lot of different skills , a lot of different people , not least the naked eye , to finally confirm what happened to 370 . " McLaughlin said the mathematics-based process used by Inmarsat and Britain 's Air Accidents Investigation Branch was "  groundbreaking . " The new calculations underwent a peer review process with space agency experts and contributions by Boeing , he said . Here are the details of the number crunching used Learn more about technology used 2 . Has that explanation garnered criticism ? On Tuesday , Najib defended the decision to announce the plane was lost over the Indian Ocean , saying it was based on "  the most conclusive information we have . " He told Parliament he did n't want the government to be seen as hiding information on purpose from the families of the missing passengers -- an accusation Malaysian authorities faced earlier in the investigation into the plane 's disappearance . More answers will come when the plane 's flight data recorder is found , he said . 3 . Wait , the flight data recorder has not been found ? What about wreckage ? Wreckage has not been found . There are a multitude of resources being used to find the flight data recorder and anything connected to the plane . But on Tuesday Australian authorities coordinating the search for the plane in a remote area of the Indian Ocean suspended efforts because of stormy weather . The U.S. Navy 's 7th Fleet has been a major contributor to the search from the beginning . It has provided ships , aircraft and significant technical know-how . As a precautionary measure in case a debris field is discovered , the fleet is moving a "  black box " locator into the region -- which would provide a significant advantage in finding the missing aircraft 's flight data recorder , according to Cmdr. William J. Marks , spokesman for the 7th Fleet . 4 . What could wreckage reveal ? Experts say that scorch marks or soot would indicate there was a fire on board , and how pieces of metal were bent or torn could tell investigators how the plane hit the water or whether it broke up in midair . Former Air Force accident investigator Alan Diehl said the wreckage may show signs of a fire or explosion . If recovered , the cockpit could show signs of fire or indicate if the jet 's emergency oxygen system was activated . "  Impact damage , certainly at the visible and especially at the microscopic level , looks a lot different than an explosion , " he said . Former commercial pilot Shawn Pruchnicki said the wreckage would likely reveal whether the plane plunged nose-first into the ocean , if it gradually descended or it disintegrated in the air . "  We 're going to be able to tell that by looking at the wreckage and looking at the deformity , now not only  how  it 's compressed but how it 's torn , " said Pruchnicki , who teaches aviation safety at Ohio State University . Learn more about what wreckage could show 5 . What are some relatives demanding ? In a word : proof . Hundreds of friends and family members of passengers marched Tuesday to the Malaysian Embassy in Beijing to express their anger and frustration . They said they were n't being told the truth by the Malaysian government . "  If you find something : OK , we accept , " said one relative of a passenger . "  But nothing -- just from the data , just from analysis . " Sarah Bajc , whose partner of two years , Philip Wood , was on the passenger jet , wrote on her Facebook page Tuesday : "  There is still NO PROOF that the plane ` crashed ' and all souls were lost . There is only improved evidence as to the time , approximate location and approximate line of flight as of the last known ` ping . ' This is not irrefutable proof . Dead bodies are irrefutable proof . Until we have those , we will keep hoping !!! It was both irresponsible and heartless for the Malaysia government to release this information in the WAY that did it , together with an unproven conclusion . " Bimal Sharma , an Indian man whose sister Chandrika was on the plane , said , "  I suppose I want to see something from the seas . I do n't know why I just want to see some debris off the aircraft and the ` black box ' to know what exactly happened because there are too many unanswered questions . " Sharma , who has worked for a long time in the Indian merchant navy , told CNN 's Jim Sciutto that he had "  sailed those oceans several times myself . " 6 . Besides relatives , have others been critical of process ? Arthur Rosenberg , an aviation attorney , said he was troubled by the different language used by the satellite company and Malaysian officials . "  On the one hand , you have the executive from Inmarsat saying ` most likely ' and somehow that got booted up to ` beyond reasonable doubt . ' I do n't agree with that , " Rosenberg said . "  I am not convinced that they are certain where this airplane is , " he said . "  I think they have fine-tuned it to a general area , but to say beyond a reasonable doubt this plane went down where they are saying is a stretch . " Aviation experts also expressed dissatisfaction and frustration with the information . "  We 've been waiting for the shoe to drop for more than two weeks now . And what we got was the most tantalizingly unsatisfying thread of a resolution , " Jeff Wise , a private pilot and aviation writer , told CNN . CNN aviation analyst Miles O'Brien said he wanted to see more information about what was behind Malaysian authorities ' announcement . "  There is a saying in science : Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence , " he said . "  Show me . Show me the evidence . " 7 . Is the search for Flight 370 unusual ? Are ocean recoveries complicated ? Ultimately , searchers have to go to the bottom of the ocean , starting in a big area and focusing in as evidence is gathered that indicates where the debris might be , said Ian MacDonald , a professor of oceanography at Florida State University . The search will begin by looking at the surface , using listening devices and then sonar and swath mapping techniques to try to locate "  anomalous debris fields , anomalous objects on the bottom and try to zero in based on that , " he said . Crews could use manned and unmanned vehicles in that next stage of the search . One example of a manned craft is the Jiaolong -- one of the deepest diving research submersibles in the world . The Chinese took it to a depth of more four miles in 2012 , MacDonald said , indicating that country 's capabilities for deep ocean operations . Chinese citizens made up about two-thirds of the passengers on Malaysia Flight 370 . "  I would not be at all surprised to see the Chinese take a very active role in trying to locate this aircraft , " MacDonald said . 8 . Speaking of China , how are officials there reacting ? The Chinese government is demanding to know more . "  We called on the Malaysian side to provide further evidence and all the information , " Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesman Hong Lei said at a news briefing Tuesday . 9 . Who was on board the flight ? Passengers on Flight 370 included engineers , a stunt man , Buddhist pilgrims , vacationers and commuters . They came from at least a dozen nations . Oil painter Memetjan Abdullah was part of a delegation of some 24 artists who were returning to China from the "  Chinese Dream : Red and Green Painting " art exhibition in Kuala Lumpur . One of the 35-year-old 's works , a painting called "  Outlook , " is part of National Art Museum of China collection .	Passengers ' relatives clamor for proof , saying findings are not enough Some aviation experts also expression skepticism about information from Malaysia Wreckage , which has not been found , could reveal important clues about Flight 370
Show us how you celebrate Christmas in your part of the world T+L  -- Blame it on my childhood . During the 1970s in suburban Worcester , Massachusetts , it was long my mother 's ambition to grace our brick Colonial with hush-inducing purity . She thought that by putting a single candle in each of the windows at Christmas , our house would be the envy of the neighborhood -- a magical locus of holiday coziness and kinship , the visual equivalent of nutmeg . What transpired , though , out of inertia and a fear of flames , was a different matter altogether . She bought only two candles , both electric , which were put in two ground-floor windows . Their streaky , uncertain light took the form of two vertical smears on either side of our front door ; it looked like our house was crying . The following week , my mother and I drove by a neighbor 's extravagantly decorated home -- gobs of colorful , twinkly bulbs swathing house and shrubbery ; a sleigh ; windows caked with aerosol snow . Mom : "  We 're gon na need more candles . " We never got those candles , and so my interest in this garish form of beauty is born of deprivation . By turns awesome and hokey , Christmas lights reflect man 's struggle to create something as beautiful as dusk or dawn ; they 're fireworks in suspended animation . Their earliest historical antecedent is probably the pagan Yule log of northern Europe , which burned for many days during the dark winter solstice , thus rendering it a symbol of hope . T+L : America 's prettiest winter towns But if the contemporary iterations of this symbol are any guide -- so often does a Milky Way of man-made twinkle reveal a rat 's maze of black electrical cable -- then the current byword would seem to be less hope and more Martha Stewart 's worst nightmare . Indeed -- whether in Worcester or Copenhagen or Hong Kong or Medelln , Colombia -- Christmas lights have the curious ability simultaneously to slightly repel us and to put us at ease . At first blush we think , "  Good Lord , what is this wanton , throbbing blight on the landscape , and what is its potential damage to the world 's energy resources ? " But upon further reflection we decide , "  Let 's find a parking space , shall we ? " Hark , the Mission Inn Hotel & Spa , in Riverside , California , where 3.6 million lights annually shed their buxom charms on 400-plus animated figures , horse-drawn-carriage rides , Santa , fireworks , and live reindeer ! Hark , the light-bedecked Tanglin Mall , in Singapore , just 85 miles north of the equator , where children have been known to throw "  snowballs " created by a foam-making machine at a shopping center lined with luxury boutiques ! Hark , the Simmons family of Cathedral City , California 's Dancing Christmas Light Show , with seven miles of cable , more than 150,000 LED lights , and narration over a short-range radio station called the Icicle from a former Price Is Right announcer ! T+L : The world 's most traditional holiday foods Christmas lights are a civic obligation . They 're a form of advertising . They 're a gateway drug for other holiday dysfunction . Whatever their particular function -- and regardless of whether they 're hung by cities or their residents -- all these twinkling bulbs help broaden the definition of Christmas . Sure , everyone knows that an elegant wreath of holly , when secured to a mantel or antique wooden door , can distill end-of-year cheer faster than you can say "  Miracle on 34th Street , " or how stumbling upon pine boughs that are maypoled up a shepherd 's - crook streetlight can suddenly transform you into a ruddy-cheeked Dickens character with a name like Mrs. Cumbersnoot . But what of the giant , green fluorescent clam whose Santa hat of twinkly lights looks like a strange , predatory apostrophe ? What of the scrum of light-saddled fiberglass elves that have been cunningly gathered around a city hall 's drainpipe ? These , too , are Christmas , my friend . And these , too , have their charms . For those of us who enjoy Christmas-light viewing as a spectator sport , it 's the regional or location-specific twists that linger long in the mind . When a standard-bearer like New York City 's Rockefeller Center trots out its towering tree , or Vienna strings up its giant , globular , all-white chandeliers of lights that lead up to St. Stephen 's Cathedral , both efforts yield a generalized Christmas ideal that could be happening anywhere in the world . But you know you 're in Ocean City , Maryland , when you see lights that portray how Santa hooked a marlin while trolling from his charter boat , the HoHoHo . You know you 're in San Antonio , Texas , when 1.8 million lights on 200 trees and 20 bridges illuminate flesh-and-blood carolers who warble from the decks of passing river barges . Or maybe the absence of lights is a clue to your location : consider the Sichuan restaurant in Beijing that has covered its tree not with radiant bulbs but with chili peppers . Or maybe , best/worst case scenario , the concept of location itself is altogether a moot point . Think of the swirling cloud of cultural dissonance you 'd witness if you traveled to Copenhagen 's Tivoli Park to look at the lights strung on the park 's Japanese pagoda . For the full effect , you 'll probably want to wear a guayabera and recite from the Koran . T+L : America 's best hot chocolate I also welcome a tiny amount of emperilment to my viewing ; a whiff of danger can be a valuable component in the one-two punch of repulsion and ease . "  Due to high electrical voltage , please DO NOT enter the show area or yard for any reason ! Failure to observe this rule could result in serious injury or death " : this is a warning not for a downtown area or a rodeo , but rather for a private home  belonging to the aforementioned Simmons family of Cathedral City  . Suddenly the stakes are raised . Suddenly I 'm on board . Indeed , there have been instances where I 've walked toward some of these twitching , thrumming displays -- and suddenly feared that these giant spiderwebs of pulsing electricity are bug zappers , but for people . It 's all too easy to imagine how my body would ricochet from bulb to bulb , emitting a scarifying screech of smoke and crackle , whereupon I 'd crash to the floor , a human crouton . So often do lighting displays ' rickety natures or excessiveness lead to anxiety that it takes no effort to misread a haphazardly copyedited 1995 article from the Atlanta Journal-Constitution . Visitors to Atlanta 's Starr Park , the article claimed , would encounter "  a playground area decorated with lighted reindeer . " Run , Blitzen ! A brush with danger , followed by a sense of relief : looking at Christmas lights is a slap and then a kiss . I remember sitting in a caf in the Piazza della Rotonda , in Rome , some years ago , half of my then-boyfriend Jess 's face illuminated by a fiery crimson glow from a string of Christmas lights hanging on the building 's front . The slash of red slicing across his face gave him the look of an angry elf or of the "  before and after " picture in an infomercial for satanic rituals . I could n't reconcile the shaky , blood-evocative light with Jess 's button-down temperament and oxford shirt , nor with the magisterial , late-evening hush of the piazza and its dusty stone monuments . But then I looked across the square at the centuries-old Pantheon and thought of ancient Rome . I thought , Centurions , pillaging , vino . I thought , Bacchanalia , bonfires . Just then , it all came together for me . And what of my mother and Christmas ? The electric candles have long since been lost . A few years back , Mom moved to a retirement community in Durham , North Carolina , whose gift shop she manages . She recently told me , "  Last year I hung all my Christmas lights and swags in the shop . But afterward I was too lazy to put them away in boxes , so they 're all in my bathtub now . " This month , these bulbs and boughs and wreaths will decorate the gift shop again , but Mom and I will be in Key West . We 're excited about the prospect of Floridian holiday excess , and we 're fairly certain the island will cough up some high-level twinkle . I told Mom that last year 's festivities there included a Harbor Walk of Lights , a lighted boat parade , a vodka-company-sponsored tour of decorated Victorian guesthouses , and an underwater light display . She weighed in with , "  Their decorating committee is very active . " Christmas will once more shine Mylar-bright . There will definitely be enough candles . Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Christmas light displays , in their excess , are simultaneously tacky and charming These modern , twinkling lights expand the meaning of Christmas around the world Warnings of high voltage make Christmas light spectating more exciting
CNN  -- Skeletal remains found near an Arizona campground are believed to be those of a missing 2-year-old , the Yavapai County Sheriff 's Office said Tuesday . Sylar Newton was reported missing July 25 from the Beaver Creek Campgrounds in Rimrock . Authorities said last week that the boy was presumed dead as they announced the launch of a criminal investigation into his disappearance . The remains were found Tuesday afternoon at the bottom of a wash less than two miles from the campground , the sheriff 's office said . The office said the remains "  likely came to rest in this area due to recent flash flooding . " "  At this time , the remains are believed to be that of Sylar Newton , but final confirmation is still pending , " the sheriff 's office said . Sylar was last seen shortly after midnight July 24 , sleeping in a tent with his family at the campgrounds . About 1:45 a.m. July 25 , the family noticed that he was missing from his sleeping bag . "  The sheriff 's office believes Sylar did not wander from the campground and he is presumably dead , " Yavapai County Sheriff Steve Waugh told a news conference last week . "  The search effort is now in a recovery mode and the investigation has become criminal in nature . " Sylar was camping with his custodial mother , Christina Priem , and her children , when he disappeared . Priem has said she was in the process of adopting the boy from his biological mother . Sheriff 's spokesman Dwight D'Evelyn said last month that "  there 's no evidence " that the planned adoption played a role in his disappearance , "  but until we 've exhausted every lead , all possibilities are being investigated . " About 25 other people were at the campground the night of Sylar 's disappearance -- all of whom have cooperated with investigators , according to the sheriff 's office .	Sylar Newton was reported missing from a campground July 25 Remains were found Tuesday less than two miles from the camping site Final confirmation is pending , authorities say
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama delivers the first State of the Union address of his second term on Tuesday . Here are five things to watch for as the president lays out his second-term agenda : 1 . Slap and tickle Sources say the president will point out bipartisan progress on immigration reform but he 'll take it to the GOP on debt and tax reform . Already , Republicans are bracing to play victim . Tally up the jabs and weigh them against mentions of common ground . That will be an early scorecard for Wednesday-morning quarterbacking . Obama set to challenge and persuade 2 . Wish lists Expect to forget what the president says . Nothing personal , Mr. President , but State of the Union addresses are notoriously forgotten . John F. Kennedy was a great orator -- quick , what did he say in his State of the Unions ? How about Reagan ? They 're just not great venues for rhetoric . Granted , the Monroe Doctrine and the Four Freedoms were both laid out in State of the Unions , but in general they tend to be laundry lists for party policy wishes . 8 memorable State of the Union moments 3 . What he does n't say An average of 44 million people have watched Obama deliver previous State of the Union addresses . His aides say a huge audience equals a huge opportunity . So , will he seize the opportunity to answer his critics and respond to his base on issues including : U.S. use of unmanned drones , the legal rationale for targeting Americans , U.S. policy in Syria , Iran 's nuclear program , and security of U.S. diplomatic posts ? On the domestic front , will he address poverty in the United States ? Will any of these controversial issues make the cut ? State of the Union to focus on jobs , wages and the economy 4 . Keep count Count how many times your issue gets mentioned . While presidential speechwriters insist the amount of time dedicated to an issue in most speeches does n't matter as much as the language used to describe it , the State of the Union is an exception . That 's because every word is debated . Aides say this speech will be heavy on economic themes . But look to see how much time Obama spends on the other issues he outlined in his inaugural address , including gay rights , women 's rights , climate change and education . Mentions matter . Republicans , Democrats suggest priorities ahead of State of the Union 5 . Will she or wo n't she ? Serious people do n't care -- or so they say . But since first lady Michelle Obama shocked tout de D.C. by showing her guns in the heroes box during the president 's 2009 joint address to Congress , her outfit has become one of the best  sometimes only  surprises of the night . Will she bare her arms again ? Right now , it 's one of the most closely held secrets in Washington . Obama to announce 34,000 troops to come home	Will Obama 's GOP jabs outweigh any olive branches ? State of the Union addresses can sometimes be policy laundry lists Sometimes issues not mentioned say more than what 's in the speech What Michelle Obama wears might be biggest surprise of the night
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Economist Lucas Papademos was formally sworn in Friday as the head of Greece 's new unity government , as the nation seeks to regain political and financial stability after weeks of uncertainty . Papademos , a former banker and European Central Bank vice president , becomes the country 's interim prime minister after several days of political wrangling . His ministers were also sworn in at a ceremony attended by the president and the head of the Greek Orthodox Church . Finance Minister Evangelos Venizelos has retained his post in the new government , the prime minister 's office said . Stavros Dimas , a former EU environment commissioner , is the new foreign minister . He belongs to the New Democracy party , the main opposition to the previous government . Greece 's new defense minister , Dimitris Avramopoulos , is also a New Democracy lawmaker . The newly sworn-in Cabinet was scheduled to head next to the Greek Parliament and later hold its first meeting . A vote of confidence in the new government is expected after debate in Parliament on Monday . Then the coalition will face the challenge of implementing a bailout package and austerity measures agreed to with European leaders last month . The new administration must act quickly to ensure release of the next tranche of money from a 2010 deal . Those funds are essential to ensure that Greece does not default on its debts in the next few weeks . It is hoped that the national unity government will restore political stability in Greece after several weeks of turmoil that have unnerved global financial markets . European markets were up slightly as of lunchtime Friday . U.S. markets also opened higher , calmed by signs of action in Greece and Italy to curb their respective debt crises . Italy 's Senate approved austerity measures demanded by Europe Friday which will be sent to the lower house at the weekend . Papademos has said that ratifying the bailout deal and bringing in the austerity measures will be the priority for his government . He also restated Greece 's commitment to the euro , saying its membership of the eurozone , the 17 nations that use the euro as currency , was a guarantee of financial stability . Papademos , who helped usher Greece into the euro in 2001 , replaces outgoing Prime Minister George Papandreou , who resigned over his handling of the crisis . Fresh elections are likely in February . Vassilis Monastiriotis , a senior lecturer for the Hellenic Observatory at the London School of Economics , said Papademos has the advantage of a well defined assignment -- ratifying the October 26 bailout agreement and passing the legislation to implement it . But he faces a challenge in forming a unity government , especially given the reluctance of the main opposition party to be involved and the divisions within Papandreou 's socialist PASOK party , Monastiriotis said . Papademos is well versed in Greece 's financial and political systems and is well respected by economists , Greece 's politicians and European leaders , Monastiriotis added . It remains to be seen how the Greek people will respond to Papademos ' actions in office , he said , but the general response Thursday was one of relief at the appointment of a man seen as the "  best solution " available . There have been no large demonstrations of public anger in Greece over the past 10 days since the political crisis was sparked by Papandreou 's call for a referendum on the European bailout deal , he added . Before that , tens of thousands of angry demonstrators had rallied in the capital , Athens . "  The public has been quite muted , they do n't know how to react , " he said . While they do n't like the austerity measures attached to the bailout any more than they did two weeks ago , he said , they also do not want discussion of Greece leaving the euro zone . Speaking after his appointment was confirmed , Papademos said the government 's formation would allow Greece to "  face the problems in the near future in the best possible way . " The country is "  at a critical crossroads , " the 64-year-old said , and the choices it makes and policies it implements "  will have a crucial importance for the welfare of the Greek people . " Papademos said Greece 's course would not be easy , but that the country 's problems would be solved -- and that would happen "  sooner , at a lower cost and in a more efficient way , if there is unity , consensus and reasonableness . " He said he had accepted the president 's mandate to form a unity government because he felt everyone should contribute to the country 's recovery . "  The task is big , and the responsibility I assume is even bigger , " he said . Papademos , an economics professor at Harvard University , was the governor of the Bank of Greece when the country adopted the euro in 2001 . He has advised Papandreou on economic matters for the past two years , the Athens News Agency reported . A native of Athens , Papademos studied at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the 1970s , earning undergraduate and graduate degrees before receiving a doctorate in economics , the news agency said . He has taught economics at Columbia University and the University of Athens . The drama in Greece had shaken international markets because investors were afraid the new bailout deal -- which has stringent austerity measures attached -- might not be implemented . CNN 's Elinda Labropoulou and Andrew Carey contributed to this report .	Lucas Papademos is formally sworn in as the head of a unity government Finance Minister Venizelos keeps his role ; Stavros Dimas is new foreign minister The new government will start work next week after a vote of confidence Greece 's political turmoil has shaken global financial markets
CNN  -- A young woman whisked away by Syrian security forces to coax the surrender of her activist brother turned up beheaded and dismembered , activists and human rights groups say , yet another high-profile display of cruelty in the conflict-wracked nation . Nineteen-year-old Zainab Alhusni stepped away from her Homs residence last month to buy groceries . Her family never saw her again until security forces returned her mutilated corpse , two opposition activist groups operating inside Syria and Amnesty International told CNN . As reports of the torture sparked outrage across Homs and the rest of the world , amateur video surfaced of dozens of woman protesting the death . "  They killed the rose Zainab , " their placards said . "  If it is confirmed that Zainab was in custody when she died , this would be one of the most disturbing cases of a death in detention we have seen so far , " said Philip Luther , Amnesty 's deputy director for the Middle East and North Africa . The case also drew the antipathy of the U.N. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights , which characterized the incident as "  appalling " and as one example of the "  targeting and attacking of families and sympathizers of the protesters by security forces . " The ferocious Syrian government crackdown against dissenters began in mid-March when anti-government protests unfolded . The number of people killed over the past six months has reached at least 2,700 , according to the U.N. human rights office . Some activist groups put the toll at around 3,000 . Zainab 's brother Mohammed Alhusni -- a prominent opposition activist praised by colleagues for leading anti-government protests and treating the wounded -- had been evading authorities for weeks when his sister disappeared , said the Homs Quarters Union , an activist group . "  The secret police kidnapped Zainab so they could threaten her brother and pressure him to turn himself in to the authorities . The government often uses this tactic to get to activists , " a union media coordinator told CNN . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an activist group , said security forces called Zainab 's family to trade her "  freedom for her pro-democracy activist brother 's surrender , " LCC said . Mohammed Alhusni was eventually slain on September 10 , when security forces fired on demonstrators in Homs . When the family retrieved Mohammed 's body from a Homs military hospital , medical officials told relatives about another unclaimed body with the label "  Zainab Alhusni " that had been kept in a hospital freezer for some time . Days later , Zainab 's family received the woman 's headless and limbless corpse , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , Amnesty International and the Homs Quarters Union said . The Homs Quarters Union provided a video to CNN showing the pale trunk of a female body beside a detached head with long black hair among dismembered limbs . Authorities forced Zainab 's mother to sign a document saying both Zainab and Mohammad had been kidnapped and killed by an armed gang , Amnesty International said in an online statement . Syrian authorities could not be reached for comment on the Alhusni case . The Syrian government has maintained that armed gangs with foreign agendas , not the regime , are responsible for the violence that has plagued the Arab country for months . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the video , the claims , or the death toll because the government has repeatedly denied requests for journalists to report inside Syria .	"  They killed the rose Zainab , " protesters ' placards say Zainab Alhusni 's death is called "  appalling " by the United Nations The woman was seized to get at her brother , many say
CNN  -- They said he was crazy . And he knew they were a little bit afraid . When a small Swedish industrial town took in thousands of African immigrants , there were some concerns as to how it would work . The locals in Borlnge , located 200 km north of the capital , were already struggling with the economic realities of modern-day life . The arrival of 3,000 Somalis would swell the population to almost 50,000 -- raising the type of fears that have become all too common across Europe . Last May Sweden experienced its worst riots in years following the death of a 69-year-old man who was shot by police earlier while wielding a machete in the Stockholm suburb of Husby , which has a large number of immigrant residents . But one man thought he had the answer . "  I feared there would be problems with a lot of people coming from Somalia to a little town , " says Borlange resident Patrik Andersson . "  That can make problems . I thought integration in sport was a good way to work . It 's something everyone has in common . If we could just do something that everybody could get together around , it would help . "  I do think people in Borlnge were afraid as they 'd not seen that situation before . I think from the start very few people have been angry with me . There have been good vibrations . " Football is often credited with bringing people together , a unifying force -- and indeed a game popular with the Somalis . But Andersson had a better idea . Why not get them to play the local game , Bandy -- a close relative of ice hockey ? "  People on the street said I was crazy , the manager said I was crazy , the people of Somalia asked if I was crazy , the national Bandy organization too . But we are nearly there now , " Andersson told CNN . He has managed to bring together a team of Somali football players , none of whom had ever skated on ice before , and take them to the Bandy World Championships starting in Russia this weekend . "  Just being there is a victory whether we win , lose or draw , " says Ahmed Hussain , who plays in midfield . "  OK , we want to score once but this is our victory . It will be amazing to play in our national colors , to hear our national anthem . " Hussain , who moved to Sweden five years ago , admits he was not well versed in snow or ice -- which is not surprising , having grown up in an east African country where the temperature gauge rarely drops below 23C  73F  . "  Really , I thought ice was just something you put in Coca-Cola , " he says , almost embarrassed by the recollection . Andersson was well aware of the challenge he faced . The players , most of whom are 18 or 19 , were not exactly natural skaters . "  I said to them they were like Bambi on ice -- the problem was they had n't even heard of Bambi , " he adds , laughing . For Hussain , it is a welcome relief from the ordeal of living in his war-torn homeland . "  Life in Somalia was awful and tough to handle , " he admits . "  Every day is like a new day in Somalia . "  You do n't know what 's going to happen tomorrow or even in the next hour . It was a clash every day . There was war and between that you could still be shot . "  My Mum took care of me , and she would keep me at home , but I have seen things . "  I had a friend who was 10 years old when he was shot in the back , who just wanted to go to the football field . He made it , he did n't die , but it 's so hard for him now just to walk . His life is tough . People were just always running . It 's so tough . " When not practicing his Bandy playing two hours a day , the 19-year-old is studying with the aim of becoming a doctor or architect . His father Hussein also lives in Sweden , while his mother has moved to Uganda . "  Initially my father saw the sport and said , ` You 're going to break your arm or leg , ' and he was right , " he says . "  When I first skated I was terrible . There were children aged five on the ice better than me . I was thinking even if I ice-skate for six years I ca n't do this , I spent so much time falling over . " Those first tentative , Bambi-like steps took place just six months ago and now his father 's perceptions have changed . "  He 's OK now , he 's happy , " says Hussain . The Somali players have finally found the target , scoring their first goals in training this week . How the journey ends remains to be seen , but a film is being made of their passage from Somalia to Siberia . A Hollywood ending seems unlikely , though that is hardly the point . "  We want to show the world that everything is possible , " Hussain says . Coached by Per Fosshaug , who won five world titles playing for Sweden , the Somali team will take on Japan , Ukraine , Germany and Mongolia in the tournament , which starts in the Siberian city of Irkutsk on Sunday . Local Borlange band Apopocalyps even recorded a World Championship anthem for the town 's adopted team . Somalia 's entry is a contest that makes David versus Goliath look like a fair fight , as the novices take on the powerhouses of a sport played between two teams of 11 on an ice rink the size of a football field , using hockey sticks and an orange ball . "  I 'm so nervous just to think about it because I never imagined this would be possible , " Hussain says . "  I dreamed one day to be a world champion but I never had anything but football . When I was first told about this , I was like , ` Is this serious or a joke ? ' But it 's now real . "  It has made us so proud . I explain it to my family and friends in Somalia . They do n't understand Bandy completely but they are so proud of us , the country is proud of us . "	Somali national bandy team set up in small Swedish town made up of refugees Swedish local launched it to help integration with the 3,000 new inhabitants from Africa Bandy is akin to ice hockey but played on an ice rink the size of a football pitch Players set to take on top teams at World Championships just six months after starting skating
Sen. Mary Landrieu will reimburse the Senate more than $ 5,700 for a charter flight she paid for with taxpayer money after CNN questioned the expense . The Louisiana Democrat chartered a private plane last September to travel from New Orleans to Shreveport , where she attended an official event . She then traveled on to Dallas , where she attended a fundraiser . Under federal law and Senate rules , the cost of a trip that includes official and campaign stops must often be prorated between Senate and campaign accounts . However , if the campaign activity is "  incidental " to the official trip , the expense does n't need to be split up . In this case , Landrieu 's Senate office picked up the whole cost of the trip . Asked Wednesday about the trip , Landrieu 's Senate spokesman , Matthew Lehner , said in a statement : "  Sen. Landrieu was invited to an official evening event in Shreveport . She was traveling back to D.C. through Dallas , and a fundraiser in Dallas was added to her schedule , " he said . "  Out of an abundance of caution in case there was a cost allocation error connected to this flight , the Senate will be reimbursed for the  Shreveport to Dallas  flight . " A Senate aide said that because Landrieu was already going to be in Dallas , the office considered the fundraiser incidental and not an expense that had to be partially covered by the campaign . The reimbursement comes just one day after CNN learned that the vulnerable Louisiana Democrat used government money last November to charter a private plane to travel to a campaign fundraiser , in violation of federal law . Landrieu spent more than $ 3,200 in taxpayer money to fly 400 miles round trip from New Orleans to Lake Charles , Louisiana , where she attended a $ 40-per person fundraising lunch with hundreds of women , according to Senate records and Landrieu campaign information . It is illegal to spend government money campaigning . Landrieu 's campaign spokesman , Fabien Levy , said in a statement Monday that the charter company mistakenly billed Landrieu 's Senate office instead of her re-election campaign . Levy said the campaign noticed the error a few weeks ago and asked the company to refund the Senate office and bill the campaign , which the company did . Levy said Landrieu 's re-election campaign paid for the flight August 4 , almost nine months after the November 8 trip . "  We take our finances very seriously and are glad we caught the vendor 's mistake and were able to rectify the matter as soon as possible , " Levy said . The campaign did n't notice the mistake until July 29 . Two days later , on July 31 , USA Today published a story showing that Landrieu was one of the Senate 's most frequent fliers , spending $ 47,000 last year on taxpayer-funded charter flights . Levy told CNN that media scrutiny of Senate office expense reports spurred the campaign to review its travel records .	Louisiana Sen. Mary Landrieu to reimburse Senate more than $ 5,700 for charter flight Landrieu had chartered a private plane last September to travel from New Orleans to Shreveport Senator also used taxpayer funds to charter plane for fundraising trip last November Landrieu 's campaign reimbursed the government $ 3,200 for the November flight
CNN  -- Hundred 's of fans and former teammates of Robert Enke gathered to lay flowers and light candles outside of Hannover 96 's Niedersachsen Stadion after the club 's German goalkeeper was struck and killed by a train on Tuesday , in what police called an apparent suicide . Enke , 32 , died around 6:25 p.m.  12:25 p.m. ET  , Hannover police press officer Stefan Wittke said in a statement . "  Preliminary police investigations indicate a suicide , " Wittke said . Police did not elaborate on what evidence they had that pointed to suicide , but Enke 's close friend and advisor Jorg Neblung told the official Web site of football 's world governing body FIFA : "  I can confirm that it was suicide . Robert took his own life shortly before six o'clock . " The team 's official Web site has been converted into a single-page memorial . Enke captained Hannover 96 , a team who currently lie tenth in Germany 's Bundesliga top division , and had been capped by his national side eight times after making his debut aged 29 . The shot-stopper had also appeared for teams including Carl Zeiss Jena , Borussia Monchengladbach , Benfica , Barcelona , Fenerbahce and Tenerife in Spain . His teammates were stunned by news of his death . "  We are in a state of shock , " said team manager Oliver Bierhoff in a statement from the German Football Federation . "  It is beyond words . " The German Football Federation  DFB  said Enke always said he wanted to play for the national team at the 2010 World Cup . Soccer commentator and journalist Rafael Honigstein told CNN International that Enke was on course to be picked as the number-one choice for the team . Enke had missed Germany 's last four matches because of a bacterial infection , but had recently returned to action with Hannover . "  The leadership of the German national team never had any doubt that he was important for the team both as a goalkeeper and as a human being , " the DFB statement said . Enke is survived by his wife and eight-month-old daughter , who the couple adopted . The couple 's two-year-old daughter died in 2006 from a heart condition , and Honigstein said the loss of his child had taken a toll on Enke . "  It 's been well documented that he had a tough time , " Honigstein said . "  People knew it was a terrible , terrible tragedy for him . " "  I do n't know why and how this happened , " said Martin Kind , the chairman of Hannover 96 . "  It is a total catastrophe . I am finding it hard to understand . All I can say for sure is that it had nothing to do with football . " Fellow players said they believed that Enke had been suffering depression . "  He was unstable , " said Mr Kind . "  But he kept it under wraps . " The coach of Germany 's national team , Joachim Lowe , had been preparing his squad for their friendly game against Chile this weekend . The DFB have not yet confirmed whether the game would still be played . A press conference is due to be held by the DFB at 1130 GMT , while Hannover 96 will speak to the media at 1200 GMT on Wednesday . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	Germany international footballer Robert Enke has died at the age of 32 at a rail crossing Police say that the Hannover goalkeeper 's death was apparent suicide He won eight caps for Germany and was expected to be in squad for the 2010 World Cup finals
CNN  -- Look out Liverpool , Mario Balotelli has arrived . As famous for his larger than life demeanor as he is for his goalscoring exploits , the mercurial striker has completed his move from AC Milan to the English Premier League club . He joined on a long-term deal , Liverpool said on its website Monday wit the fee reportedly around $ 26.5 million . "  I 'm very happy , " Balotelli told the club 's official website . "  We 've been talking about coming here and now I 'm happy to be here . "  Liverpool are one of the best teams here in England and the football is very good here . "  It 's a great team with young players , and that 's why I came here . " The Italian is well known to English football fans after a turbulent two-and-a-half-year stint with Manchester City , where he helped the team to a first league title in 44 years while also gaining a cult following for his off-field antics . But Balotelli could be just the man Liverpool needs to help spearhead its Premier League and Champions League challenge following the departure of last season 's top scorer Luis Suarez to Barcelona . "  Suarez 's exit left a hole in the side in terms of his goals but more than that , it also left a hole in terms of Liverpool losing a player idolized by the Kop , " Jim Boardman , writer for Anfield Road and The Anfield Wrap websites , told CNN . "  Few players are idolized at Anfield to the same kind of level that Suarez enjoyed but Balottelli is in prime position to take that crown . "  There are question marks about his temperament but Liverpool are signing a 24-year-old established Italian international , a different proposition to the teenager Manchester City courted , the youngster Jose Mourinho said was unmanageable . "  Every signing is a risk but at  # 16 million in today 's market that risk is far smaller than the ones taken a few transfer windows ago when Liverpool paid  # 35 million for Andy Carroll and Chelsea paid  # 50 million for Fernando Torres . "  Balotelli will bring joy to Anfield , whether it 's more from his natural talent as a comedian or a goalscorer remains to be seen , but the chances are it 'll be both . "	Mario Balotelli joins Liverpool from AC Milan The Italian striker previously played in England with Manchester City Balotelli is famous for his off-field antics He struggled with ill discipline while at Man City , brawling with the team 's coach
CNN  -- A top international Red Cross official will be meeting with Syrian leaders over the next two days to discuss "  urgent humanitarian challenges " in the conflict-wracked nation and permission to visit detainees amid stark reports of prisoner abuse . Jakob Kellenberger , the president of the International Committee of the Red Cross , was to arrive in Damascus on Saturday for a two-day visit , the ICRC said . He will meet with President Bashar al-Assad , Prime Minister Adel Safar , Walid Muallem , the minister of foreign affairs and expatriates , and the Syrian Red Crescent , the ICRC said . This comes as Syria remains engulfed in nearly six months of public protest , and the regime has been reviled internationally for its crackdown on peaceful demonstrators , which has led to more than 2,000 deaths and thousands of arrests . When Kellenberger visited Syrian officials in June , he reached an understanding that would give the ICRC and the Syrian Arab Red Crescent "  enhanced access to areas of unrest , and negotiations would take place concerning ICRC visits to detainees . " "  The purpose of the talks to be held in the Syrian capital today and tomorrow is to review progress made in both these areas , " the ICRC said . "  The ICRC president 's visit will also offer an opportunity to discuss the impending start of ICRC visits to persons detained by the Ministry of the Interior . The ICRC visits detainees in order to assess the conditions in which they are being held and the treatment they receive . " This visit comes on the heels of an Amnesty International report detailing the deaths of at least 88 people in detention and widespread abuse of prisoners . Another issue to be addressed is access to medical care for the sick and wounded . There have been reports of people not being able to access medical care during security operations . Elsewhere in Syria , two people were killed on Saturday in Habash , a village in northwestern Idlib province , said the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , an activist group . This occurred as security and military personnel stormed the city in search of wanted militants , the group said . The latest international pressure on the Syrian regime was Friday , when the European Union banned the import of Syrian oil and added four more Syrians and three entities to a list of those targeted by an asset freeze and a travel ban . Russia 's foreign minister slammed the EU sanctions against Syria , Russian news agency RIA Novosti reported Saturday . "  We 've always said that unilateral sanctions will bring no good . It destroys the partnership approach to any crisis , " Sergei Lavrov said .	The ICRC president will meet with Bashar al-Assad and others Protests have erupted across the country for nearly six months At least two people died in Idlib province Saturday , activists said
CNN  -- When Saher Shaikh first moved to Dubai , the rights of the city 's labor population was the furthest thing from her mind . That changed soon after her arrival , when she spotted one of the UAE 's five million migrant workers in line at the local grocery store . "  I had my chubby baby in my arms , and this guy in front was trying to pay for a tiny bread roll and a small bottle of yoghurt . He did n't have enough coins to pay for it . I was looking at him , and looking at my groceries and feeling bad about it , and I thought , ` how can I make this better ? ' " says Shaikh , a British citizen with Pakistani and Afghan roots . "  It 's my son 's birthday today , and to celebrate , I was wondering if you 'd do the honor of letting us treat you ? " she asked him in Urdu , instructing him to choose anything he wanted from the store . He left the line and came back with a diminutive bottle of strawberry milk . "  He did n't try to take advantage . He was so humble and sweet , " she recalls . Nine years later , and Shaikh heads up Adopt-a-Camp , a charity she started that offers up support services to a handful of the country 's laborers . At any given time , she helps a roster of 53,000 men spread across 52 camps throughout the UAE . "  I have four kids and 53,000 adopted kids . It 's not easy , " she says . Spreading the knowledge bug For the most part , Adopt-a-Camp is a one-woman show  aside from an assistant and a Facebook army of volunteers , Shaikh runs the charity primarily on her own  . An impressive feat , given the range of services she offers . She gives the men counseling , organizes events to get them out of the camps , distributes care packages , and on occasion pays for the men 's medical fees and school fees for their children back home . She also prioritizes hygiene . "  Every camp we adopt we make bed bug-free , cockroach-free and lice-free . We physically shampoo the men 's hair ourselves , " she says . She also gives them hygiene workshops with the understanding that they pass on what they learn to their families and communities back home . "  A lot of these men come from villages where they are n't taught the concept of germs -- these microscopic organisms that exist and can make you sick . We 've had great feedback from the men that have returned home ; in their villages , dysentery levels are down and deaths in childbirth are down . " Knowledge 's infectious potential is a major tenet of the charity . Shaikh has also arranged English lessons for some of the men though American University in Dubai with the similar understanding that they 'll spread their learning . Workers ' rights Adopt-a-Camp has a couple of unexpected sponsors , in the form of the Dubai Chamber of Commerce and Industry and the Ministry of Labor . Shaikh works with the latter to help ensure the country 's laborers are made aware of their rights when they need to impose them -- particularly in the event that their employers stop signing their checks . "  It was a common problem during the recession , but it still happens now and again . We 'd hear from the men that they had n't been paid for months , or even a year , and that their families were starving and they were starving . We worked with the Ministry of Labor to help them get home , or find a better job , " she says . Shaikh , who is careful to lay the blame on unscrupulous employers and not the government , notes that there are labor laws in the UAE designed to protect migrant workers from such an eventuality . "  The law is that if a man is not paid , even for one month , he is entitled to receive his salary , a plane ticket home , and any extraneous costs incurred , " she says . While Nicholas McGeehan , a researcher for Human Rights Watch , concedes that conditions have improved for workers in the UAE over the last few years  mainly in the form of better housing  , he also notes that the laws designed to protect laborers are n't always enforced . "  Theoretically , workers can take complaints to the labor courts . Theoretically , they should be able to get their salaries back , but justice is dispensed in a very ad hoc manner , if it is dispensed at all " he says , " he says . "  The issue is : what happens to the employer after they 're found guilty ? Are they prosecuted ? It seems the worse that happens to them is the government forces them to pay workers their salaries . But if employers are not prosecuted , what message does that send ? " Further complicating the issue , suggests McGeehan , is the lack of separation between the government and the construction companies . "  The line between public and private in the UAE is so fine as to be almost non-existent . The people that own and run some of the biggest construction firms are people in government , " he says . The issue is not unique to the UAE . Other Gulf states , including Saudi Arabia and Qatar , have also been criticized for their treatment of guest workers . McGeehan  who is currently blacklisted from the UAE  says that better transparency in the region would be a step in the right direction . "  It 's obviously admirable that there are people on the ground to assist workers , but it 's also important that NGOs are allowed to criticize the government for their actions when necessary . She 's carrying one part of the equation , and that 's important , but we need the other side as well . " CNN contacted the UAE 's Ministry of Labor for comment but did not receive a reply .	Dubai-based charity Adopt-a-Camp offers support to the UAE 's laborer population Adopt-a-Camp provides free English lessons , counseling and advocacy The charity works with 53,000 workers at any given time
CNN  -- If Liverpool end this season with a first English league title since 1990 , then perhaps the club can look back to a hand dealt by fate on April 6 , 2014 . Multiple hands , in fact , and some arms -- as Brendan Rodgers ' team returned to the top of the Premier League table with a controversial 2-1 win at West Ham . First the outstretched limb of home defender James Tomkins , seeking to stop the progress of Luis Suarez , allowed Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard to put his team ahead from the penalty spot . Then the flailing hand of former $ 50 million Reds flop Andy Carroll clouted the head of Simon Mignolet at a corner . As an encore , he knocked the visiting goalkeeper 's arm away from the ball , allowing Guy Demel to equalize in stoppage time . Referee Anthony Taylor overruled his linesman , who had flagged for a foul by Carroll -- much to the anger of the Liverpool players watching the replay on the big screen at Upton Park . If Taylor got that wrong , he made up for it in the second half by awarding Liverpool another penalty which Gerrard again converted . West Ham keeper Adrian had appeared to make contact with the ball with his outstretched hand before the onrushing Jon Flanagan sprawled to the grass . Rodgers , however , believed the official got that one right . "  The first penalty was clear and I thought the second one was a penalty as well , " the Liverpool manager said . "  Jon gets a touch on the ball and touches it past the goalkeeper . The keeper gets a touch on the ball , but also takes him . " West Ham counterpart Sam Allardyce , whose team remained mid-table and seemingly safe from relegation , was less impressed . "  Flanagan is going down before Adrian plays the ball , " he said . "  The ref  thinks Adrian has n't played the ball and he has . "  I feel let down , the lads feel really let down . We took Liverpool right to the wire . " And that is where the title race appears to be headed , with five rounds remaining for most teams . Liverpool , four points clear of third-placed Manchester City having played two games more , will face a big test of their aspirations when the two teams meet at Anfield next Sunday . The Reds then go to struggling Norwich before hosting Chelsea , second in the table at the end of this weekend -- two points adrift , also with five to play . It was Liverpool 's ninth successive win , and the club will likely have to beat the record of 12 in a row set back in 1990 to have a chance of denying City a second title in three seasons . "  We 'll just keep our focus , keep that concentration . It did n't matter that Manchester City or Chelsea won yesterday -- it ca n't affect us , " Rodgers said . "  We have to control ourselves and our own emotions and get the job done . That was a real tough game today , but we got a great result . " Rodgers said Liverpool have extra incentive to win the title , with this month being the 25th anniversary of the Hillsborough stadium disaster which claimed 96 lives during a crush at the FA Cup semifinal against Nottingham Forest . "  There are 96 people in the sky that will always be supporting this team , " the Northern Irishman said . "  We want to do it for the great support and the football family of Liverpool . If we 're to achieve anything this year , certainly they will always be in our thoughts -- the 96 in the sky and the families that go with them . " Meanwhile , the race for England 's fourth place in next season 's Champions League turned in Everton 's favor on Sunday as Liverpool 's city rivals thrashed the incumbents Arsenal 3-0 . Strikers Steven Naismith and Romelu Lukaku scored before former Everton favorite Mikel Arteta netted an own-goal , putting Roberto Martinez 's team just a point behind the Londoners with a game in hand . "  The implications today were quite unique . We were hoping for a result but what was needed today was breaking many barriers , " said the Spanish manager , who has impressed since taking over after David Moyes left to join Manchester United . "  In 22 games we have played against Arsenal we only scored one goal or less : today we kept a clean sheet and scored three and looked like we could have scored more . "  The performance had an arrogant focus which was very pleasing to see . " Arsene Wenger , whose team had topped the table for large parts of this season , admitted Arsenal 's morale was flagging after some heavy away defeats against the leading teams . "  They have taken something of our charisma from the team . Is that belief ? Is it fear ? Is it confidence ? " said the Frenchman , who has guided Arsenal into Europe 's top competition for 16 successive years . "  I would n't question the spirit of this team . They are focused and want to do well but they have lost something on the confidence front . " Norwich sacked manager Chris Hughton on Sunday after the 1-0 defeat by West Brom left the club one place above the relegation zone , but five points clear of the bottom three teams . The club 's under-18 team coach Neil Adams was appointed to take the place of the former Tottenham player until the end of this season .	Sunday 's 2-1 win at West Ham puts Liverpool back on top of English Premier League Captain Steven Gerrard scores two penalties in team 's ninth successive victory Former Liverpool striker Andy Carroll involved in controversy for West Ham equalizer Arsenal 's top-four hopes dented by 3-0 defeat away to Liverpool 's city rivals Everton
The Moroccan government has urged African soccer 's governing body to delay its flagship bi-annual continental competition over fears that it could help to spread Ebola . Morocco is slated to host the African Cup of Nations , organized by the Confederation of African Football -LSB- CAF -RSB- , in January next year . The 16 team competition has run since 1957 and the north African country has spent millions of dollars upgrading its stadiums for the event as well as December 's FIFA Club World Cup . But the outbreak of ebola in west Africa , which has claimed at least 5,000 lives , has raised fears in Morocco that traveling fans and players could help to spread the disease further . Of the three countries affected , only Guinea is likely to qualify . The statement called any postponement "  from 2015 to 2016 ... a strictly health linked case of force majeure . " Morocco had already called on CAF to push back the tournament . But African football bosses had refused to change the dates and set Morocco a deadline to confirm its hosting of the tournament , which has passed . Officials from CAF will now meet on Tuesday to decide its next steps and decide who , if anyone , is prepared to host the tournament . South Africa and Ghana have already said they are not prepared to host the African Cup of Nations in January .	Moroccan government urges cup delay over Ebola . Misses deadline set by African soccer body . CAF will now meet Tuesday to find an alternative host . South Africa and Ghana decline to step in and host .
CNN  It should have been a peaceful , contemplative night for Levi Rosenblat , studying the Torah inside a Brooklyn synagogue . But that peace was shattered when an intruder came into the Chabad-Lubavitch World Headquarters , stabbing Rosenblat on the left side of his head . There would be no other victims , however . New York police officers quickly arrived at the scene and -- after a verbal back-and-forth captured on video -- shot and killed the attacker . Hours later , Rosenblat -- the 22-year-old student from Israel -- was in stable condition at Brooklyn 's Kings County Hospital . And authorities were trying to piece together what happened and why . At a brief news conference Tuesday , the NYPD 's John Miller described what happened as an "  isolated incident " carried out by a 49-year-old man well known to police . "  At this point ,  this  appears to involve an individual who ... has a history of being an emotionally disturbed person and acting out in other places , " Miller said . Jews in the United States and elsewhere -- including Israel , the site of several recent stabbings -- have been targeted before . Noting that at least one witness heard an "  anti-Jewish comment , " New York police Commissioner William Bratton said that his department 's hate crimes unit is investigating . Rabbi Motti Seligson , a spokesman for the Chabad-Lubavitch movement , said that , "  According to witnesses ,  the attacker  was overheard saying repeatedly , ` Kill the Jews ' or something to that effect . " Yet that was n't the only thing the suspect said , nor is it the only thing that authorities are factoring in during their investigation . One witness said the attacker "  sounded really high or on drugs " or mentally unstable . As Bratton said , "  The motive at this time time : We do n't know . " Studying at prominent Jewish center Describing itself as "  a philosophy , a movement and an organization , " Chabad-Lubavitch dates back 250 years to Russia . It has since evolved into one of the most high-profile educational , outreach and community arms of Orthodox Judaism , operating hundreds of centers worldwide , including more than 1,000 in the United States alone . Its headquarters in Brooklyn 's Crown Heights neighborhood lies at the center of it all . That 's where Rosenblat was around 1:30 a.m. Tuesday , studying the Torah in a synagogue that 's part of Chabad-Lubavitch World Headquarters . "  This ... is a place where everybody is welcome , " said a man who happened to walk into the synagogue at the same time as the attacker . The man , who was delivering food , asked to be identified only as Israel . "  Nobody would even look at you no matter how you look , how you sound , how act . " Israel said the attacker came in with his hands in his pockets , but was soon waving a knife and saying various things such as "  he wants his Bible ,  then  another minute he was saying that he wants to kill people . " These words and antics set most at the still-busy center on guard , but Rosenblat did n't seem to notice . "  Unfortunately ,  Rosenblat  was n't aware of what  the attacker  was doing , " Israel said . "  He was busy with a  holy book  . " Israel described the scene as very chaotic , right up until a New York police officer stationed at a nearby command post learned what was happening and came to the scene . He found the suspect holding a 9-inch knife with a 4 1/2 - inch blade . Yelling , then a single gunshot A cell phone video -- taken by Israel -- showed what happened next . "  Throw it , just throw it , " an officer is heard saying about the knife . He then urges the attacker to step away from the tossed knife and put his hands up . The man initially complies , then slowly walks back toward the weapon . "  Whoa , whoa , whoa ! " someone yells out . An officer yells out again , "  Stay away from me " -- but it does n't stop the man from lunging for , and picking up , the knife he 'd briefly dropped . The man then starts running toward police , saying , "  Are you going to arrest me ? " Police officers -- as , by then , there were three at the scene -- can be heard yelling as well . "  Drop the  expletive  knife ! Drop the  expletive  knife ! " Then comes a gunshot . Police keep up , pointing guns toward the now-downed man and telling him to drop the knife and not to move . "  Stay down ! Stay down ! " one officer yells . Increased police presence at ` houses of worship ' The 49-year-old was shot in the torso , according to police . Officers continued to tell him not to move as they handcuffed him in between the synagogue 's books and desks . An ambulance took him to Kings County Hospital , where he was later pronounced dead . The officer who shot him and two other officers were sent to Brooklyn 's Methodist Hospital for treatment of tinnitus , which is a noise or ringing in the ears . This officer-involved death comes at a time of emotional protests over a grand jury 's decision not to indict New York police Officer Daniel Pantaleo in the death of Eric Garner . That incident got a lot of attention in part because it was captured on video . Israel said he recorded what happened at the synagogue , and made it public , to document it and leave no doubt about what transpired . "  People should at least see this is happening for a reason , " Israel said of police shooting the suspect . "  People actually do crime . " No one is saying this attack is part of any larger plot , and Bratton said police are n't calling it a terrorist attack . Still , given that the news may cause concerns at "  houses of worship around the city , our critical incident response vehicles ... will focus on religious institutions in part today , " the NYPD 's Miller said . "  So you will see some enhanced coverage in terms of police presence at locations , " Miller added . "  But I want to underline that is to really address those concerns while we sort through the details here , not to suggest that ... this had any connection to anything other than this individual and his problems at this time . " CNN 's Tina Burnside in Atlanta and Amir Tal in Jerusalem contributed to this report .	Witness says most were on guard for an attack , but the victim did n't seem aware Hate crimes unit is investigating , terrorism has been ruled out , commissioner says Witness says most were on guard for an attack , but the victim did n't seem aware Levi Rosenblatt , 23 , was stabbed by a man in a Brooklyn synagogue
CNN  -- IN FOCUS : Gaza 's struggling economy As an IMF delegation heads to Egypt to bash out a deal for a multi-billion dollar loan , MME headed over the border to take a look at one economy that relies heavily on Egyptian stability : Gaza . Some goods can only be smuggled into Gaza through tunnels , but they have been shut down following clashes in the region . Their closure combined with restrictions on exports through Israel is hurting the economy . MME reports . IN FOCUS : The ripple effect Tensions in Syria continue to spill over into neighboring Lebanon and Gulf countries this week urged their citizens to leave . Lebanon has long been an popular destination for people from the Gulf looking to escape the summer heat . They are a huge part of the tourism sector , which , as MME found out , is being hit hard by the crisis in Syria .	MME looks at the economy of Gaza , which relies heavily on Egyptian stability As tensions in Syria continue , its neighbor , Lebanon , is feeling the pain too Lebanese tourism sector is hit hard , as Gulf countries urge their citizens to leave
CNN  -- Before middle-aged men started singing "  Viva Viagra " in TV ads , before former Sen. Bob Dole appeared in its commercials in the '90s , before the blue pill with a funny name entered the public lexicon , impotence was hush-hush . Viagra entered the market 10 years ago , bringing once taboo subjects like erectile dysfunction out in the open . Now there 's no getting away from it . In-boxes are clogged daily with spam mail promising cheap and instant manliness delivered fast and in bulk . Couples exchange amorous , come-hither looks followed by a lengthy recitation of side effects on TV ads . The pill helped more than 25 million men get their groove back and blasted the topic of erectile dysfunction into the open . "  It 's like the nuclear explosion , " said Dr. Irwin Goldstein , director of Sexual Medicine at Alvarado Hospital in San Diego , California . "  It created sexual medicine . It allowed the taboo to be broken . " Since the diamond-shaped blue pill debuted 10 years ago , it has become embedded in the public psyche , late-night television jokes and urologists ' offices . "  It is one of the revolutionary steps in sexual health , " said Dr. Ira Sharlip , spokesman for the American Urological Association . "  It ranks with the changes in cultural attitudes about sexuality that were started by -LSB- Sigmund -RSB- Freud , continued by -LSB- William -RSB- Masters and -LSB- Virginia -RSB- Johnson , the two researchers in the '60s , and the work that -LSB- Alfred -RSB- Kinsey did in the '40s . "  These were the huge steps in the development of our understanding of human sexuality and cultural attitudes of sex . " Men seldom talked about their bedroom troubles before the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved Viagra as the first oral medication for erectile dysfunction in 1998 . "  We lamented the fact that the men had so much shame about erectile dysfunction , how rarely anyone came for medical attention , " said Dr. Abraham Morgentaler , an associate clinical professor of urology at Harvard Medical School . Penis injections and vacuum pumps were available , but these treatments were n't appealing . Men with medical conditions such as diabetes , prostate cancer , hyper cholesterol , endocrinological and cardiovascular problems were n't able to enjoy sex , Goldstein said . "  People who could n't enjoy intimacy before have been given a second life ... " he said . "  We have had a better life because of it . " Viagra increases blood flow to the penis , enabling a man to have an erection . The drug does not induce desire and works when the man is sexually aroused , according to Pfizer , the makers of Viagra . Urologists heard from patients who had tried the pill that Viagra made them feel as if they were 20-year-olds again . Anti-impotence drugs Levitra and Cialis have come along since . "  Along with the birth control pill in the '60s , this pill really changed people , society and medicine , " Goldstein said . "  It changed the patient-physician relationship . You can walk in and ask about sexual functions . It was a major taboo at some point . " Dr. Gerald Melchiode , a Texas psychiatrist , agreed that the pill has helped men open up about their sexual health , but finds the commercials a bit much . "  I 've never run across men singing about their impotency , " he said . Since Viagra 's appearance on the market , the dialogue about sexual dysfunctions has helped doctors identify other health problems in their patients , doctors say . "  You always hear someone drops dead , "  said Dr. Chris Steidle , a urologist who wrote the book "  Sex and the Heart . " "  It 's not sudden death if you could n't get an erection . It 's a symptom of a heart condition . You would n't ignore a stroke , but you would ignore erectile dysfunction -- it 's a significant symptom . " The man 's penis is like "  the tip of the iceberg " or "  the canary in the mines , " which serve as an indicator of overall health , Morgentaler said . "  There 's now good evidence that shows that men with ED who have no other symptoms of anything are at increased risk for heart attacks and strokes , " he said . Thousands of studies have been conducted on Viagra . "  The pill that thrills " is also being studied to see whether it gives athletes an edge in competition . It 's been studied to see whether it helps women with their sexual health . Despite the deluge of attention , Viagra does n't work for about 25 percent to 35 percent of men with erectile dysfunction . For others , it has revitalized and strained marriages . Experts say Viagra gave a window into the psyche of men and women . Some complain that sex should be spontaneous and that popping a pill ruins the romance . Eating food decreases the potency of Viagra , and some say the pill forces them to go on a schedule . Another complaint : Having to use Viagra makes a spouse or partner feel undesirable . "  Sometimes their spouse personalizes it , " said Melchiode . "  Why does he have to take this pill ? Are n't I attractive enough ? Are n't I sexy enough for him ? That 's not unusual for the partner . " Even when Viagra is effective , some men realize that it 's not the magic bullet that solves their problems with intimacy , doctors said . Only about half refill their prescription . "  One has to think beyond just giving a pill to cure sexual problems , " Melchiode said . "  A typical example is a couple where there 's been problems over the years and they ca n't deal with the problems on a verbal level , so they start withdrawing from one another . They build up a resentment and anger , they have trouble being close to one another and having sex with each other . Just giving them a pill is n't going to touch on all the problems of the resentment and anger . " Sex , it turns out , is part of a bigger web of relationship issues . Morgentaler , author of "  The Viagra Myth , " said : "  It 's unrealistic that there 's a pill that fixes all of these things . "	Viagra helped 25 million men with erectile dysfunction and bring awareness Blue pill considered a huge step in understanding human sexuality , cultural attitudes ED indicates other health issues and that blood vessels are n't working well Viagra is n't a cure-all , some sex problems are indicative of relationship problems
CNN  -- Comprised of four main islands , and over 6,000 smaller ones , Japan stretches for around 1,500 miles from sub-tropical Okinawa in the south to the frozen climes of Hokkaido in the north . The bulk of the country 's 127 million inhabitants live in urban areas , mostly on Honshu island , the country 's largest . The capital since 1868 , modern Tokyo is a sprawling mega city and home to over 36 million people . From the 12th century until the mid 19th century , Japan was a feudal society dominated by military leaders known as shoguns . A long period of self-imposed international isolation ended when the Emperor Meiji took direct control of the country in 1867 and began a period of modernization . Western trade began to influence the development of the country . The period also saw the beginning of Japan 's pursuit of an overseas empire , the legacy of which still affects relations with its neighbors to this day . Japan is a constitutional monarchy , headed by 80-year-old Emperor Akihito . Although the emperor 's powers are politically limited , he is regarded as the highest authority of the country 's dominant Shinto religion . Reconstruction and recession After the Second World War Japan witnessed spectacular economic growth , transforming a country physically and psychologically scarred by military defeat and the atomic bombs dropped on Nagasaki and Hiroshima into a world leader in electronics and manufacturing , especially in the automotive industry . However , those post-war decades of high growth came to a juddering halt in in 1990 , when real estate and stock market prices plummeted ; the 1990s are now commonly known as the "  lost decade " . Japan has more government debt than any other developed nation -- nearly 230 % of its GDP according to the CIA World Fact Book -- and has struggled to sustain steady economic growth . It has slipped into recession four times since 2008 , the latest being the third quarter of 2014 . That grim economic news led the country 's current Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to call a snap parliamentary election for December 14 . Despite the country 's financial challenges , compounded by an ageing population , Japan has some of the world 's most valuable companies and remains a source of global innovation and cultural trends . It is the world 's third largest economy in terms of GDP . Present day Japan blends modernity and tradition , with society and work environments structured around well-defined hierarchies . According to recent OECD figures , Japan has some of the most highly educated women in the world , yet ranks among the bottom of developed countries when it comes to employing women with college degrees ; only 69 % are in the workforce . While diverse in its climatic regions , much of Japan is mountainous and remains one of the world 's most seismically active areas of the world . Earthquakes and regional relationships On March 11 , 2011 , a 9.0 magnitude earthquake off the eastern coast of the Tohoku region unleashed a devastating tsunami . Over 15,000 people died and thousands more were displaced . The tsunami hit the Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear power plant causing extensive damage and a radiation leak , and leaving surrounding areas uninhabitable . The material damage from the earthquake and tsunami is estimated at around $ 300 billion . On the international stage , Japan exerts considerable soft power as a major aid donor and source of capital . Its projection of power militarily is limited by its post-war pacifist constitution . However pressure has been building from hawkish elements in the country to allow the Japanese Self Defence Forces to take a more assertive role . This summer Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's cabinet approved a white paper on defence policy that allows the military to act in support of its allies . The background to this recent revision of military policy has been an increase in regional tensions . While North Korea 's missile program remains an ongoing security concern , conflicting territorial claims by Japan and China in the East China Sea over a group of islands known as the Senkaku Islands in Japan and the Diaoyu Islands in China have inflamed nationalist rhetoric on both sides and strained relations between the countries . Other tensions with China and South Korea persist over the use of so-called "  comfort women " by the Japanese military before and during the Second World War . While an official government apology was issued in 1993 , known as the Kono statement , it remains a sensitive international issue and source of contention within Japan . Some conservative elements in Japan suggest there remains insufficient evidence to prove that the military directly recruited women as sex slaves . In September , South Korea 's President Park Geun-hye has stated that no formal summit meeting with Abe can happen until "  sincere efforts to heal the wounds of the past " are made . Follow CNN 's On the Road Japan coverage .	Japan is the world 's third largest economy in terms of GDP size Rapid post-war growth ended in 1990s ; country has slipped in to recession four times since 2008 Exerts global power as source of capital , innovation and cultural trends Relationship with neighbors strained over territorial claims and colonial history
A group of 23 students has filed a federal complaint against Columbia University alleging the school failed to protect victims of sexual assault , according to a statement from the students . The complaint alleges the Ivy League university discouraged students from reporting sexual assaults , allowed perpetrators to remain on campus , sanctioned inadequate disciplinary actions for perpetrators and discriminated against students based on their sexual orientation , according to a statement from the students who are calling themselves Our Stories CU . The students collectively filed the complaint Thursday with the U.S. Department of Education , alleging violations of Title II , Title IX and the Clery Act against Columbia and Barnard College , the affiliated women 's school . Title II is a part of the Americans With Disabilities Act , and Title IX is part of the Higher Education Act . The Clery Act is a federal law that requires colleges and universities across the United States to disclose information about crime on and around their campuses . In a statement Friday to CNN , Columbia said it had been informed of the complaint but it had not seen it and could not comment on the allegations . "  Sexual assault and gender misconduct are unacceptable , including on college and university campuses , " Columbia said in a statement . "  We have been working with students , faculty and staff to make that emphatically clear on our campus and have already taken the first of a series of significant new measures dedicated to preventing such sexual misconduct , supporting survivors , and improving adjudication of these painful cases . " Ending rape on campus : Activism takes several forms The students ' statement described the complaint in detail , but the group refused to release any copies , saying it wanted to protect those who do not want their names publicized . As a policy , the Department of Education 's Office for Civil Rights does not release information to the public until after a formal investigation has been opened into a complaint . "  Columbia is more willing to silence and punish survivors and their supporters than serial rapists , " the students said in their statement . "  Because of this reality , students have decided to file ...  the complaint  to hold the university accountable for its deliberate mishandling of campus sexual violence and mental health . " Their statement details multiple allegations , ranging from one student being denied mental health accommodations and another transgender student having an attack dismissed "  because it did n't fit the normative ` boy-rapes-girl ' narrative . " "  I do n't trust the University to take my experience or my safety more seriously than they take their own public image , " one complainant said in the students ' statement . Zoe Ridolfi-Starr , a Columbia junior and lead complainant , told CNN on Friday that activists from universities across the country offered plenty of advice and support to the group , saying , "  It 's absolutely a national issue . " Ridolfi-Starr said she was sexually assaulted the summer after her freshman year at Columbia and said the primary goal of the complaint is to pressure the university to make reforms . Ridolfi-Starr said that four more students reached out to her Friday asking to join in the complaint and that the group plans to file an addendum over the next few days . The students ' actions come on the heels of a similar complaint against Harvard University in early April . The Harvard Crimson , the university 's daily student newspaper , published an open letter from a student citing repeated misconduct on the part of administrators after reporting a sexual assault . 55 colleges under investigation over handling sexual violence complaints	Twenty-three students allege Columbia University failed to protect victims of sexual assault Complaint filed with U.S. Department of Education also includes Barnard College Columbia says it has n't seen complaint , ca n't comment on allegations Students : "  Columbia is more willing to silence and punish survivors and their supporters "
CNN  -- Several weeks ago , President Obama announced that $ 8 billion in government-loan guarantees would be made available to Southern Co. to begin construction of two nuclear reactors in Georgia . If built , it would be the first nuclear power plant constructed in the United States in almost 30 years . More importantly , this would be the first of what is expected to be many such projects initiated in coming years . I am a big believer in the necessity for energy independence . I accept that we will all have to make some compromises in achieving that goal . I am willing to consider that nuclear power may have to be one piece of the plan we put together for how to break ourselves free from our dependence on foreign oil . I would submit , however , that before we start building reactors we need to address another urgent matter . We need to make current reactors secure . Roughly 18 months ago I started work on a project that ultimately lead to the writing of my recently published book , "  Willful Neglect , " on homeland security in the United States . I examined security at a wide range of potential targets inside the United States , including chemical plants , liquefied natural gas facilities , biological research laboratories and nuclear power plants . This was not a theoretical study . I did my homework up front , but after that , I went out on the street and I did what my 20 years in the CIA had trained me to do . I looked at all these targets in the same way as an adversary would . What I found was deeply disturbing . Eight years after 9/11 , we had done little or nothing to enhance security in most areas . Nuclear power plants were no exception . Security at nuclear power plants is in the hands of private security companies hired to protect the facilities by the power companies that own them . Before 9/11 , the Nuclear Regulatory Commission mandated that there would be five to 10 private security guards on duty at each site per shift . After 9/11 that number was increased . On average , there are now a total of 20 such security personnel on duty at any one time to guard a nuclear power plant . That is 20 individuals to secure the entire perimeter and interior of what may be a vast facility . These guards are grossly underpaid . In many cases , they make less than the janitors at the facilities in question . They train with their weapons no more than two to three times a year . Some of them are prior military and have combat experience . Many others are hired off the street and given less than a week 's worth of training before they begin to stand post . Much of that week of training is consumed with administrative matters , which have nothing to do with learning how to repel a terrorist attack . Morale among the guards at nuclear power plants is chronically low . I was told by many individuals during my research that it was common to hear discussions among guards about where they would hide if there were an attack . These guard forces are typically trained to respond to a limited number of scenarios . These scenarios are always designed around attacks by very small numbers and are artificially constrained so as to not allow these attackers to use many weapons , such as rocket launchers and machine guns , commonly in use by terrorist groups today . Even so , the guard forces are defeated at least half the time . These deficiencies have been pointed out for years by any number of watchdog organizations . Likewise , detailed recommendations have been put forth regarding how to improve the situation and increase the size and ability of power plant guard forces . These include requiring them to demonstrate the capacity to repel attacks by teams of terrorists using the weapons and tactics commonly in use around the world today . These have been largely ignored . An interest in nuclear power plants by al Qaeda or another terrorist group is not theoretical . Among the targets considered for the 9/11 attacks were nuclear power plants . Yemeni security forces recently captured a suspected member of al Qaeda , a New Jersey native named Sharif Mobley . Between 2002 and 2008 , he worked at several U.S. nuclear power plants . It does not take a counterterrorism expert to imagine what al Qaeda might be able to do with the knowledge supplied by an individual who had spent the better part of six years inside nuclear facilities . The stakes here are enormous . A team of terrorists , which was able to seize control of a nuclear power plant , could cause it to melt down with relatively basic knowledge of the plant 's operation . A full-scale meltdown of a major reactor would be catastrophic . Such an incident at the Indian Point Plant in New York state , for instance , would likely render large parts of the metropolitan New York City area uninhabitable for decades and likely kill tens of thousands . We have neglected this issue for too long . It needs to be addressed , and the decision to push the building of reactors simply adds urgency . Before we move ahead with any new nuclear power plants , let 's attend to unfinished business and fix security at the ones we have . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles S. Faddis .	Obama administration is backing expansion of nuclear power Charles Faddis says U.S. should first make existing plants secure He says security forces are n't well-trained or numerous enough to counter threats Faddis : A terrorist attack at a nuclear plant could have dire consequences
CNN  -- On Wednesday night , on a small patch of lawn in central Ohio , generations of people bearing affection and gratitude will gather to say one last goodbye to Miss Barbara . That 's what she was called her entire adult life , and that 's the way she wanted it . Barbara Drugan was 85 when she died in the waning days of September , as a new school year was getting started . She was a young woman just out of St. Mary of the Springs Academy and the Ohio State University when , in 1947 , she commenced her life 's work : teaching kindergarten in Bexley , Ohio . For 32 years , Miss Barbara would greet new , nervous , excited groups of 5-year-olds in her classroom at the south end of the first-floor hallway of Cassingham Elementary School on Cassingham Road . That is where the memorial gathering will be held on Wednesday night : on the lawn right outside the window of her old classroom . And the reason the town will gather for Miss Barbara ... Well , if you have ever lived in a community in which one person 's devotion to the town , and to its residents , is a part of everyone 's memory , then you will understand . Miss Barbara never forgot a child 's face or a child 's name , even when the boys and girls had grown older and had children and grandchildren of their own . How she did it , I do n't know . She knew your name , she knew your parents ' names , she knew your brothers ' and sisters ' names -- 20 , 30 , 40 years after you had left her kindergarten class , she knew . "  She was everything to this town , " said Tim Madison , an attorney who lives in Bexley and who was a child in Miss Barbara 's kindergarten class in 1969 . "  She was a part of the town 's life for as long as many of us can ever remember . And she remembered each one of us . " That matters . In a world where relationships can be fast and fleeting , that matters . For generations , men and women who had once been her students would sometimes move away , pursuing jobs elsewhere or starting families in other parts of the country . When they would return for a visit years later and run into Miss Barbara as she walked around town , the sight of her face and the sound of her welcoming voice made it official : They were home . She dealt with the ups and downs that are a part of a long life with a smile and the will to keep on going . After she retired , there was an item in a local newspaper saying that the school had decided to have crossing guards at Cassingham Road and Fair Avenue . There had always been patrol boys and girls at the other end of the block -- at Cassingham and Elm , where there was a stoplight . But now the school was looking for adults to help out at the unguarded far end , and the story in the paper announced a time and place for a meeting for volunteers . Miss Barbara went to the meeting . She was the only one to show up . And for the next 27 years , as she grew old , she was on that corner every day , helping the children get safely to school . She was there in the rain and she was there in the snow , and once I asked her if it would n't be better for her to stay home in such foul weather . No , she said ; that 's when it was most important for her to be on duty , when visibility was bad and accidents more likely . In 1952 , in Miss Barbara 's kindergarten class , I met Jack Roth , who would become my friend for the next 52 years -- my oldest friend in life . Miss Barbara watched the friendship begin . When Jack died of cancer in 2004 , and his wife and daughter asked me to deliver the eulogy at his funeral , it was a very difficult day to get through . At the end of the service , as I followed his casket up the aisle , I felt a hand reach out from one of the seats , and hold my own hand . Of course . Miss Barbara . She never married ; if you read the formal obituaries last week , you might have surmised that she never had children . But that is untrue . She had hundreds of children ; hundreds upon hundreds upon hundreds , who she never forgot , and who never forgot her . Who loved her then . Who love her still . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene says a favorite kindergarten teacher died ; her service is Wednesday He says the teacher , Miss Barbara , was much beloved and bound to her Ohio town He says she remembered names , was a touchstone for many ; later was crossing guard Greene : In a fragmented world of fleeting relationships , Miss Barbara mattered
CNN  -- The FBI shelled out $ 2.1 million for tips that led to the arrest of fugitive James "  Whitey " Bulger and his companion , Catherine E. Greig , the agency 's Boston office announced Friday . The reward recipients were not identified in a press release , which said the information was a direct result of an FBI public service campaign aimed at netting the pair . At least two people received money . "  To protect the anonymity and privacy of those responsible for providing information which directly led to the arrests of Mr. Bulger and Ms. Greig , the FBI will not comment further regarding this matter , " the FBI said in a statement . Bulger has pleaded not guilty to all counts against him , including his alleged role in 19 murders . Greig has pleaded not guilty to harboring and concealing him . Prosecutors say Bulger was the head of a South Boston Irish gang before he fled an impending racketeering indictment in 1995 . Greig , 60 , allegedly assisted Bulger from January 1995 until late June , when the pair was arrested in California , the U.S. Attorney 's Office said . The FBI 's public service campaign included 30-second spots on television shows that appealed to female viewers in Greig 's age group . "  The FBI is targeting that audience with the belief that a friend , co-worker , neighbor , hairstylist , manicurist , doctor or dentist might recognize Greig , " according to an FBI press release in June . As part of the media campaign , the FBI said it would place images of Greig and Bulger on digital billboards in Times Square in New York and in other cities . The FBI offered a $ 2 million reward for Bulger 's arrest and $ 100,000 for the arrest of Greig . According to an indictment , Greig and Bulger posed as a married couple under different false identities and claimed to be from states other than Massachusetts . She would shop and handle bills so that Bulger would "  minimize his time in public , " it asserts .	The couple was arrested in California in June James "  Whitey " Bulger is accused in 19 homicides At least two people received reward money
CNN  -- Two new missile production plants opened in Iran on Saturday . The inauguration of the production lines for the anti-helicopter Qaem missile , and the anti-armor Toofan-5  Hurricane  missile , came three days after Iran test-launched a rocket capable of carrying a satellite , a launch deemed a "  provocative act " by Washington . The Defense Ministry told Iran 's semi-official Fars News Agency that both missiles have "  high penetration and destructive powers . " By mass producing and delivering these modern arms , Iran 's department of defense aims to increase its ground and air defenses , the semi-official Fars news agency reported . The announcement of new missile production coincided with a 10-day period marking the 31st anniversary of the 1979 Islamic revolution that toppled the U.S.-backed shah . "  Toofan 5 is one of the most advanced missiles . It has two warheads which can destroy tanks and other armored vehicles , " Defense Minister Ahmad Vahidi told Fars . The Qaem is a "  missile which can destroy targets in the air traveling at low speed and at low altitude , especially assault helicopters , " Vahidi added . The laser guided anti-helicopter Qaem rocket is designed to resist enemy actions in electronic warfare . Iran is embroiled in a dispute with the West over its nuclear program and often makes announcements of progress in its military capabilities . The West suspects Iran of trying to build nuclear bombs , but Iran says its program is for peaceful power generation . On Friday , Iran 's foreign minister said he believes a solution will be reached over a proposed deal to export uranium for enrichment abroad , a demand of Western nations that worry that Tehran plans to use its program to build nuclear weapons . "  The amount of uranium -LSB- for export -RSB- is negotiable . But I am confident that a solution can be found , " Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki said on the sidelines of the Munich Security Conference in Germany , Iran 's state-run Press TV reported . Earlier this week , Iran 's atomic energy chief said no deal had been struck to export uranium for enrichment . "  The discussions are still being conducted , and we will inform the nation of any final agreements , " said Ali Akbar Salehi , director of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran , on Wednesday according to the state-run Iranian Labour News Agency . Asked what countries in addition to France and Brazil were under consideration , he said it was an Asian country but would not name it . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has told Press TV that Iran would have "  no problem " turning over most of its low-enriched uranium to the West for further enrichment . Iranian diplomats had initially accepted the idea , which was proposed by the West , but then rejected a plan put forth by the International Atomic Energy Agency , the atomic watchdog of the United Nations . "  In our opinion , there are no issues with the exchange " of 3 percent to 5 percent enriched uranium for 20 percent enriched uranium , Ahmadinejad said . He added that , if the West were to refuse to return the enriched fuel , world opinion would shift . "  If they do n't live up to their agreement , the international atmosphere will change in our favor , " he said . "  They -LSB- Western countries -RSB- can come and build 20 nuclear power plants for us ; Russia , France and the United States can come and sign contracts and build the power plants . It serves our interests as well as theirs . Of course if they do n't come to do this , we will reach a point to build our own power plants . " Mottaki on Friday said Ahmadinejad 's comments show that the Islamic republic is "  eager " to discuss the proposal . Iran insists its nuclear program is intended solely for peaceful purposes .	The West says it suspects Iran is trying to build nuclear bombs Earlier this week Washington called Iranian rocket test-launch a "  provocative act " Iran says that its program is for peaceful power generation Iranian FM said Friday a solution will be found over uranium enrichment issue
CNN  -- The alarm in my phone fires into life at 6.30 a.m. and jolts me from my sleep . The year is 2014 and I 'm recovering from jet lag after flying back to London from New York , and the time difference has got to me -- again . It 's worse than usual because I did n't sleep on the plane . Too much work to do and as all transatlantic flights now have Wi-Fi , the urge to get stuff finished was overwhelming . It should be a quiet day back in the office . I say office of course , but since we all successfully worked from home during the London Olympics , bosses now understand that people can be just as productive working from home or on the go . That 's helped by blanket internet coverage and better connectivity at home , on the train , and pretty much everywhere thanks to marriage of Wi-Fi hotspots and the 4G network that has been rolled out in the UK . Read related : A future with fewer mobile apps ? I look down at my phone and its large Super AMOLED screen . It beeps a second time , this time with information about my day 's itinerary , what the weather is like where I am , where I 've got my meetings and some headlines from my favorite news sites curated and cross-polled against my social circles . I hop out of bed , flick and swipe a command on my phone and the home music system kicks into gear , instantly playing in various rooms in the house . That will wake the kids up . Read related : How mobiles of the future will get under our skin Downstairs and breakfast is quickly under way . We 're running short on milk , so I scan the carton with a shopping app on my phone . We 've got until Friday before the order gets processed and sent out . Adding bits along the way is so much easier than traipsing around a supermarket . I dump my phone on the kitchen counter and it starts charging . All the surfaces in our kitchen have the ability to give power to specific devices like the kettle , toaster , tablet or phone . It 's good go grab the extra juice while I can . In 2014 , phone batteries are quicker to charge , but they still do n't last that long . Wireless charging points help make a difference . If only Intel would get a move on and create a commercial version of the wireless power concept they showed off in 2008 , devices might charge just by being in the same room ! Breakfast done I 've got to head into London for some meetings . The phone goes in my pocket and off I go . I get to the station and touch in through the barriers with my phone . We 've come a long way from when phones displayed barcode boarding passes . Now the phone has replaced the Oyster card in London , using NFC technology embedded in the handset to confirm payments on the go . Read more : How technology makes us vulnerable Inside the station I use my phone to buy a coffee . Papers are still around , but I do n't really see the point -- it 's so easy to get curated news from a vast number of sources around the world . The idea of reading news from one source -- a newsroom in east London and printed over 12 hours ago -- seems strange . On the train I start watching a TV show I recorded on the Sky box last night but did n't have a chance to watch . I 'm skipping the adverts . An hour later I 'm in another coffee shop about to start my first meeting . This place not only has free Wi-Fi , but also free wireless power charging spots . There used to be a time when free Wi-Fi was enough to lure me in ; now I need power too . Before my contact arrives I scan our last e-mail conversation . A quick swipe to the left and the phone 's operating system not only retrieves all our messages , but a number of social elements too about my contact and her employer . I discover the company she works for just announced it 's laying off 3,000 workers . Could she be one of them , I wonder ? The meeting goes well . I 've had access to all the relevant files I 've needed . All pulled from the cloud on request , of course . I have a laptop , but it rarely comes out . It 's all tablet work these days , and when I do need to type something I 've got a keyboard on the case . The desktop is so 2012 . Read related : Could mobile apps save local news ? One annoying meeting later , my phone chimes to tell me an old school friend is just around the corner . He has just checked into a local pub , so this is a great chance to see how he is . I have no idea where the pub is so I launch the finder app on my phone . It 's basically an augmented reality city app that quickly draws me a map and indicates the right direction to start walking . I do n't want to be holding my phone in the air looking like a tourist . A quick drink later and I 've got one more meeting before heading back to the train station . The phone , knowing where I am , has automatically plotted the best route back , and instantly lets me know what the train times are . I need to hustle if I 'm going to catch the one I want . Back onboard the train and I finish watching the TV show from earlier . My phone recommends another based on what my friends have been watching . Better to start watching than listen to everyone else on the train chatting on their phones . The train pulls into my station and 15 minutes later I walk into my house . The wife and family have gone to a friend 's house so I 've still got time to pick up where I left off . A quick swipe on my phone turns on the television and picks up the TV show where I left it . This time my phone doubles as the remote . Easy . Read related : In AT&T 's vision of the future , your home may be run by a tablet My family returns . My phone knows that this is family time . While it still receives messages , e-mail and notifications , it does n't actively alert me to the fact . You 've got to switch off sometimes . A couple of hours later and I am heading to bed . The phone beeps , breaking the silence . An alert has been triggered . Daughter number two has just got home and on stepped into a wi-fi perimeter I created around my house , prompting her phone to text mine . She 's back before we agreed . Peace of mind assured , I go to sleep , ready to do it all again tomorrow . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Stuart Miles .	In 2014 , blanket internet coverage will help us stay connected at all times Shopping , working and socializing will all be impacted by mobile , says Miles Kitchen surfaces will have the ability to charge electronic devices , he says Wi-Fi perimeters will better enable parents to keep track of children , he predicts
Buenos Aires , Argentina  CNN  -- Argentina 's Supreme Court has upheld a ruling that will decriminalize abortions in cases of rape . Tuesday 's ruling will ease what has been a very strict interpretation of the tough anti-abortion laws on the books . "  The statute has been on the books more than 80 years . However , there were contradictory interpretations by lower courts throughout the country , and these interpretations , in some cases , said that women who were raped are only permitted an abortion if they are mentally challenged or demented , which is what the statute says , " said Alvaro Herrero of the Association of Civil Rights . "  The court made a clarification about this issue and said that in all cases in which there was rape there exists the right to an abortion . " Abortion is illegal in Argentina . As interpreted , in addition to cases of mental incapacity , the law only permitted abortions in some instances in which the mother 's life was at risk . The original case involved a 15-year-old girl who became pregnant after being raped by her stepfather . A lower court ruled in March 2010 that an abortion was permissible in cases of rape , but that decision was appealed to the nation 's highest court . In its ruling , the Supreme Court clarified that Argentina 's Constitution and human rights treaties would not allow such a prohibition in cases of rape . "  On the contrary , they forbid punishing all victims of rape in accordance to the principles of equality , personal dignity , and legality , " the country 's center for judicial information reported . The ruling also specified that judicial authorization is not needed before performing an abortion . The only necessary declaration is the patient 's statement that she was raped , the court ruled . Despite the country 's tough anti-abortion laws , the health ministry estimates that some 460,000 abortions are performed each year in Argentina . The ministry estimated that about 100 women die each year because the procedures were not carried out with the required medical expertise . Roberto Castaneda , a member of an Argentine pro-life group , said despite the ruling , there are other options besides abortion . "  A woman who has difficulties must have assistance . Legal , medical , psychological assistance . We have to promote the adoption system . There are thousands of couples in Argentina without children and who ca n't have children . It is a much more humane situation than killing , " he said . The head of Argentina 's bishops conference , Monsignor Jose Maria Arancedo , said he was surprised to hear of the court 's decision . "  Abortion is the suppression of an innocent life , and there does not exist any motive or reason that justifies the elimination of an innocent life , not even the unfortunate case of a rape , " he said . CNN 's Javier Doberti contributed to this report .	Abortion is illegal in Argentina The Supreme Court ruled that it is permitted in cases of rape The ruling clarifies an 80-year-old statute
CNN  -- Prediction : 2013 will be a year of serious global crisis . That crisis is predictable , and in fact has already begun . It will inescapably confront the next president of the United States . Yet this emerging crisis got not a mention at the Republican National Convention in Tampa . We 'll see if the Democrats do better . The crisis originates in this summer 's extreme weather . Almost 80 % of the continental United States experienced drought conditions . Russia and Australia experienced drought as well . The drought has ruined key crops . The corn harvest is expected to drop to the lowest level since 1995 . In just July , prices for corn and wheat jumped about 25 % each , prices for soybeans about 17 % . These higher grain prices will flow through to higher food prices . For consumers in developed countries , higher food prices are a burden -- but in almost all cases , a manageable burden . Americans spend only about 10 % of their after-tax incomes on food of all kinds , including restaurant meals and prepackaged foods . Surveys for Gallup find that the typical American family is spending one-third less on food today , adjusting for inflation , than in 1969 . But step outside the developed world , and the price of food suddenly becomes the single most important fact of human economic life . In poor countries , people typically spend half their incomes on food -- and by "  food , " they mean first and foremost bread . When grain prices spiked in 2007-2008 , bread riots shook 30 countries across the developing world , from Haiti to Bangladesh , according to the Financial Times .  A drought in Russia in 2010 forced suspension of Russian grain exports that year and set in motion the so-called Arab spring . Since the days of Gamal Abdel Nasser , the Egyptian government has provided subsidized bread to the population . A disk of round flat bread costs about a penny . In the later 2000s , however , the Mubarak government found it could not keep pace with surging grain costs . As Egypt 's population doubled from 20 million in 1950 to 40 million in 1980 and now more than 80 million , Egypt has gained first place as the world 's largest wheat importer . The price rises of 2007-2010 exceeded the Mubarak government 's resources . Cheap bread vanished from the stores . Discontent gathered . In the August 18 issue of the British magazine The Spectator , John R. Bradley , an Arabic-speaking journalist long resident in Egypt , described what happened next :  "  The conversations of tiny groups of Cairo 's English-speaking elites , and their Western drinking companions , were a world apart from talk among the Egyptian masses . ... The main hope of those who poured into Tahrir Square was shared by the revolutionaries in Tunisia : that sudden and radical change would miraculously mean affordable food . " And if food prices surge again ? China is especially vulnerable to food cost inflation . In just one month , July 2011 , the cost of living jumped 6.5 % . Inflation happily subsided over the course of 2012 . Springtime hopes for a bumper U.S. grain crop in 2012 enabled the Chinese central bank to ease credit in the earlier part of the summer . Now the Chinese authorities will face some tough choices over what to do next . The Arab Spring of 2011 is sometimes compared to the revolutions of 1848 . That 's apter than people realize : the "  hungry '40s " were years of bad harvests across Europe . Hungry people are angry people , and angry people bring governments down . Will 2013 bring us social turmoil in Brazil , strikes in China or revolution in Pakistan ? The answer can probably be read in the price indexes of the commodities exchanges -- and it is anything but reassuring. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : The drought in the U.S. , Russia and Australia is driving up food prices He says sharp rises in prices have long been tied to unrest among the world 's poor High prices have been cited as a cause of last year 's upheaval in Egypt and Tunisia , he says Frum : The winner of November election in U.S. will have to deal with the consequences
CNN  -- For one of the farthest , coldest places in the solar system , Pluto sure stirs a lot of hot emotions right here on Earth . This montage of images taken by Voyager shows , from left to right , Neptune , Uranus , Saturn and Jupiter . It was three years ago Monday that the International Astronomical Union demoted Pluto from a planet to a dwarf planet , a decision that made jaws drop around the world . An outcry followed , textbooks had to be rewritten , long-held beliefs were shattered , and many people felt our cosmic neighborhood just did n't seem the same with eight -- instead of nine -- planets in the solar system . Today , debate still rages over how to classify the little celestial body , along with others orbiting the sun , but the IAU stands by its definition . "  I think that most of the astronomical community has come to terms with the fact that we now know that the solar system has a continuous distribution of objects from very large down to very small , " said Lars Lindberg Christensen , a spokesman for the IAU . "  We now know that what we call the different objects has to necessarily change with time . " Do n't tell that to Plutophiles still seething about the decision . Some are even taking action . Earlier this year , the Illinois Senate adopted a resolution declaring that Pluto was "  unfairly downgraded " and restoring "  full planetary status " to the celestial body as it "  passes overhead through Illinois ' night skies . " It also designated March 13 , 2009 , as "  Pluto Day " in honor of the date that its discovery was announced in 1930 .  In case you are wondering why the state is so passionate about Pluto : Clyde Tombaugh , who discovered the planet-now-dwarf-planet , was born in Illinois . Meanwhile , New Mexico 's House of Representatives proclaimed February 18 , 2009 , as "  Pluto is a Planet in New Mexico Day " and praised Tombaugh , who worked in the state for decades and died there in 1997 . Passionate about Pluto Do n't live in those states and want to make your voice heard ? You can order "  Plutophile " bumper stickers to proclaim your firm support for Pluto , print out a Pluto Fan Club card -- which allows you to declare , "  In my heart , Pluto will always be a planet " -- or sign an online petition . Christensen said 90 percent of the critical e-mails and letters the IAU received after its decision in 2006 came from North America . Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson , director of New York City 's Hayden Planetarium and author of "  The Pluto Files , " believes there are two reasons why Americans are so engaged in the issue . "  Disney 's dog Pluto was sketched the same year the cosmic object was discovered . And Pluto was discovered by an American . So here you have a recipe for Americans falling in love with a planet that really is just a tiny ice ball , " Tyson told Time magazine . Still , astronomers are divided about the best way to classify Pluto . See photos of other planets and find out what makes them stand out " At the heart of the matter lies the question : What makes a planet in the solar system ? According to the IAU 's definition , it must orbit the sun , it must be big enough for gravity to crush it into a nearly round shape , and it must clear the neighborhood around its orbit . In other words , it must be dominant enough to clear away objects in its orbital space , according to NASA . This last point is what proved to be Pluto 's demise as a planet : There are other competing objects in its orbit . Crowded solar system ? Some scientists say that part of the definition does n't make sense . "  It 's kind of like , I 'm going to tell you what your car is on the basis of how the traffic around you is behaving , " said Mark Sykes , director of the Planetary Science Institute . The more logical way to classify planets is the geophysical definition , which simply states that planets are round objects that orbit the sun , Sykes argues . The objects must still be big enough so that gravity crushes them into a ball . "  The problem with the geophysical definition is we might have a couple of dozen planets in the solar system as more are discovered in the distant reaches , " Sykes said . He believes the International Astronomical Union 's definition wo n't stick around after NASA spacecraft reach Pluto and Ceres , a Texas-size asteroid in an orbit between Mars and Jupiter that is now also classified as a dwarf planet . "  I think -LSB- the IAU 's definition -RSB- is going to collapse by 2015 when the Dawn mission gets to Ceres and the New Horizons mission gets to Pluto because we 're not going to see irregular-shaped , impact crater-filled , boring surfaces . We 're going to see dynamic worlds , " Sykes said . The IAU 's decision also came under fire because only 4 percent of its scientists participated in the vote that reclassified Pluto . But Christensen said the IAU was following its statutes and bylaws and has passed other resolutions in a similar way . The subject of Pluto did n't come up at the IAU 's general assembly earlier this month in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , Christensen added . Sykes countered that astronomers wanted to discuss the issue , just as they have at other recent major meetings , but the IAU did n't allow there to be any sessions on planet classification . "  I think the IAU did a terrible disservice to science , because it gives the public the impression that science is done by votes , " Sykes said . "  And that 's not the way science is done at all . "	International Astronomical Union demoted Pluto to a dwarf planet three years ago 90 percent of the critical letters the IAU received afterward came from North America In spring , Illinois lawmakers restored "  full planetary status " to Pluto Some scientists say the IAU 's definition of a planet does n't make sense
CNN  -- Dharun Ravi , the former Rutgers University student convicted of bias intimidation by use of a hidden webcam , is expected to appear in court on Wednesday , one day after he apologized for his behavior and said he plans to submit to his impending jail sentence . "  I accept responsibility for and regret my thoughtless , insensitive , immature , stupid and childish choices that I made on September 19 , 2010 , and September 21 , 2010 , " Ravi said in a written statement on Tuesday . Ravi was sentenced to serve 30 days in jail , three years of probation and must complete 300 hours of community service aimed at assisting victims of bias crimes . He plans to surrender himself on Thursday . Ravi also must pay more than $ 11,000 in restitution . The state 's decision to appeal the sentence automatically stayed it , according to Ravi 's attorney Steven Altman . He is allowed , however , to chose to go ahead and serve it so long as he waives any double jeopardy claim , the attorney said . The purpose of Wednesday 's court appearance is to place that waiver on the record , said Altman . "  I decided to accept and hopefully complete the sentence as soon as possible . It 's the only way I can go on with my life , " Ravi said in his statement . Ravi 's gay roommate killed himself by jumping off New York 's George Washington Bridge . Tyler Clementi , an 18-year-old freshman , plunged to his death into the Hudson River after learning Ravi had secretly spied via a webcam as Clementi had an intimate encounter with another man . Middlesex County Prosecutor Bruce J. Kaplan has said Ravi 's crimes warranted "  more than a 30-day jail term " and called Superior Judge Glenn Berman 's sentence "  insufficient under the sentencing laws of this state , the facts that were determined by a jury and long-standing appellate precedent . " Was 30-day sentence fair ? Calling the appeal "  a registering of outrage , " CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin said there is "  very little chance " the sentence will be overturned . He noted that under New Jersey law , the judge had the flexibility to sentence Ravi to anything from zero to 10 years in prison .	NEW : Dharun Ravi is expected to appear in court on Wednesday He was sentenced to serve 30 days in jail and three years of probation Tyler Clementi , an 18-year-old freshman , plunged to his death into the Hudson River Ravi had secretly recorded Clementi in a sexual encounter with another man
Oakland , California  CNN  -- A judge has concluded that 13-year-old Jahi McMath , who suffered complications after tonsil surgery , is brain dead . But it 's unclear what will happen next to the California teen . An attorney representing her family told reporters they have n't decided yet whether to appeal the judge 's decision , which came after a court-appointed doctor testified Tuesday that Jahi was brain dead . The judge has ruled that Jahi will remain on life support at least until December 30 . Family members said they planned to spend Christmas in her hospital room , opening gifts and sipping hot chocolate . Earlier Tuesday , Children 's Hospital & Research Center Oakland argued that the court should lift a restraining order that requires life support for the girl . "  Because Ms. McMath is dead , practically and legally , there is no course of medical treatment to continue or discontinue ; there is nothing to which the family 's consent is applicable , " the hospital wrote in court papers . Standing outside the courthouse on Tuesday , family members said they were hoping for a holiday miracle while Jahi remains hospitalized . "  Christmas is tomorrow , so it 'd be great if she woke up tomorrow . ... If this was your daughter , would n't you want her to wake up in the next five minutes ? " said Omari Sealey , the girl 's uncle . Mother : ' I wo n't stop fighting ' for daughter Complications after tonsil surgery Jahi was declared brain dead December 12 , three days after tonsil surgery . The case has drawn national attention and sparked protests from some local leaders who say the hospital should have provided better care . On Monday , a judge appointed Dr. Paul Fisher , chief of pediatric neurology at Stanford Children 's Hospital , to evaluate Jahi as an independent expert . Fisher testified Tuesday that Jahi meets the criteria for brain death . Alameda Superior Court Judge Evelio Grillo previously ruled that the hospital must hold off on any decisions regarding discontinuing life support until December 30 and encouraged both sides to work together . "  This is a very , very charged case . The stakes are very high . There is a young girl involved , and I think it would suit both parties well if you would speak with each other about how we are going to get through the next few days , " Grillo said . Attorney : Family needs to process judge 's ruling Attorney Christopher Dolan said family members need to evaluate what the judge said on Tuesday before they decide on their next move . "  This involves some very serious religious beliefs about life and death , " he said . But he said he hoped the judge 's decision sends a message to hospitals everywhere : "  The parents come first . " "  What this case represents legally is that parents can say no when a hospital says , ` We 're pulling the plug . ' They thought that a hospital should n't tell them their child was going to be removed from a ventilator , " Dolan told reporters . Mom vows to keep fighting Mother Nailah Winkfield has said she 'll keep fighting no matter what . "  I 'm going to support her . It 's my job to do it . Any mother would do it , " Winkfield said in an exclusive interview with CNN 's "  The Lead " on Monday . "  I just want her to have more time . There are so many stories of people waking up in her situation . " Doctors say people do n't wake up from Jahi 's situation and that in her arguments , Winkfield has pointed to cases in which the patient had brain activity . "  Children 's is currently merely preserving Ms. McMath 's body from the natural post-mortem course of events . There is no legal , ethical or moral requirement that it continue to do so or that the family consent in the decision to stop doing so , " the hospital 's filing said . "  We have the deepest sympathy for Jahi 's mother , who wishes her daughter was alive ; but the ventilator can not reverse the brain death that has occurred and it would be wrong to give false hope that Jahi will ever come back to life , " Dr. David Durand , the hospital 's chief of pediatrics , said in a statement Monday . Winkfield told CNN on Monday that she 'd seen recent improvements in her daughter 's condition . A hospital monitor suggests her daughter is trying to breathe on her own , she said . "  They told me without your brain , you ca n't take your own breath , " Winkfield said . "  Well , she 's trying , so that means something 's working . " Hospital says they 're investigating Durand said Monday that hospital officials are looking into the matter and are "  committed to learning what led to this catastrophic outcome . " "  We are sorry that Jahi McMath suffered tragic complications from her complex surgery , " he said . "  Our hearts go out to the grieving family and community about this sad situation . " In its court filing Tuesday , the hospital also fought against a request by Winkfield to bring in Dr. Paul Byrne as an expert to study the case . Byrne , a neonatologist and pediatrician , wrote on the website RenewAmerica.com that he believes "  Jahi is not truly dead . " The political site pushes its view of the Constitution . He is "  a crusader with an ideology-based bias , " and is "  neither a neurologist nor a California physician , " the hospital argued . When routine surgeries go wrong CNN 's Dan Simon reported from Oakland . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Josh Levs , Dana Bash , Elizabeth Chmurak and Stephanie Elam contributed to this report .	NEW : An attorney says the family has n't decided whether to appeal A judge rules that Jahi McMath is brain dead "  I just want her to have more time , " her mother says 13-year-old was declared brain dead after tonsil surgery
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea 's national police chief resigned Monday amid criticism over authorities ' handling of an emergency call from a woman who was later found murdered . Cho Hyun-oh , commissioner of the National Police Agency , issued an apology , acknowledging "  police incompetence and carelessness . " A woman in her 20s called police the night of April 1 , saying she was being raped , according to authorities in the city of Suwon , south of Seoul . She gave police details as to her whereabouts , using a nearby school and playground as landmarks . Suwon police said the woman 's seven-minute phone call to authorities was tracked , but the police operator who took the call did not tell police at the scene the woman reported being inside a house . As a result , police only checked outside areas and did not search homes in the area . By the time authorities located the woman , she had been murdered . A man has been arrested in connection with her death . The woman 's body was found at the home of the murder suspect , according to South Korea 's Yonhap news agency . Cho also said he regrets attempts at a police cover-up . Authorities initially claimed they dispatched more officers to the scene than they actually had , and said the victim 's phone call lasted only seconds . Six family members of the victim met Monday with Cho and other police officials to protest police handling of the case , Yonhap reported . "  I pray for the victim 's soul , express my condolences to her family and ask for forgiveness , " Cho told reporters in a press conference , Yonhap said . "  I blame myself deeply and express my heartfelt apology for the carelessness of the police and the horrendous results it led to , as well as for causing disappointment to the people through the police 's attempt to cover up  the case  and their lies . "	Cho Hyun-oh acknowledges police bungled an emergency call The woman who called was later found murdered Cho says police also attempted to cover up their mistake
CNN  -- When Ashton Kutcher posed for a photo with a high school student at a University of Iowa football game on September 11 , it was "  unintentional and accidental , " not a violation of college athletic recruiting rules , the NCAA decided Monday . The NCAA launched an investigation that could have penalized the sports teams at Kutcher 's former college after the high school student posted a message on Twitter , along with a photo . "  What a better way to celebrate a birthday than to meet a cool guy like Ashton ? " Marcus Paige tweeted soon after meeting Kutcher and his wife , actress Demi Moore . "  Go Hawks ! " Kutcher said in his own tweet , sent the same day from Iowa 's Kinnick Stadium during the Iowa-Iowa State game . Kutcher , who studied at Iowa before dropping out to work as a model , was in a stadium skybox suite with his wife when two highly sought basketball prospects , including Paige , were brought there during halftime . The NCAA bans boosters , such as Kutcher , from meeting with potential recruits because of the influence they could have on a student 's choice of schools , school spokesman Steve Roe said . "  Casual greetings are allowed , " Roe said . "  That 's what this was . It was not previously arranged . " The university responded to "  Letters of Inquiry " from the NCAA concerning "  activities involving its football program and its men 's basketball program , " University of Iowa Athletic Director Gary Barta said . The NCAA informed Iowa 's athletics department Monday afternoon that it accepted the school 's response . "  As part of that decision , the NCAA has fully cleared the recruits involved , and has determined the UI 's actions to be of a ` secondary ' nature in terms of violation of NCAA policy , " the university said in a written statement Monday . Kutcher , who is on a trip to Russia , did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment . CNN 's Rafer Weigel contributed to this report .	NEW : University of Iowa will not be punished for actor 's meeting with recruits NEW : Kutcher 's meeting with teens was "  accidental , " NCAA decides Kutcher posed with a high school recruit at an University of Iowa game The NCAA bans school boosters from meeting with athletic prospects
CNN  -- Diana Nyad 's personal test has begun . At 7:45 p.m. ET Sunday she jumped into the water and began her 103-mile swim between Cuba and Florida . "  I 'm almost 62 years old and I 'm standing here at the prime of my life , " she said as she walked toward the sea . "  I think this is the prime . When one reaches this age , you still have a body that 's strong but now you have a better mind . " Nyad did a few stretches and played reveille , the traditional Army wake-up song , on a bugle before she dived in . Map : Follow Nyad on the position tracker She likes a challenge . At 61 , a lot of people are considering retirement and spending time with grandchildren . Not Nyad . For nearly two years , she 's been training to set a record for open-water swims without a shark cage . Nyad in good spirits in 18th hour Nyad announced Sunday morning at a Havana news conference that she planned to enter the water at Havana 's Marina Hemingway to begin her attempt . "  We 're going to get started tonight , " she said early Sunday as she stepped out of a car on her way to the news conference . "  As you can probably tell , I 'm pretty nervous . My adrenaline is flowing , but I 've been training for two years . "  All my life , I dreamed of being the first one ever to swim across without a shark cage , " she said , adding that when she turned 60 , she "  started thinking what if I went back and started to chase that elusive dream of Cuba . " One theory about Nyad 's drive to make this swim is that she 's avenging a failed attempt at this trip more than 30 years ago . And though Nyad admits there is some bit of athletic ego involved , she says it 's more about proving to herself and to the world that 60 is not old . "  When I walk up on those shores of Florida , I want to prove to the AARP crowd that it 's not too late to go back and write that book or adopt that child , " she said . On Sunday , she said : "  The joke is the 60s are the new 40s , and it 's true . ... I want to be there to say we have many , many years of vitality and strength and service left in us . " The swim was planned for summer 2010 , but was called off because of bad weather . She continued to train . Immense planning and logistics go into making an attempt like this . First , the sheer amount of training it takes to get her body in shape is remarkable : Almost two years of daily six - , eight , 10 - or 12-hour swims . She 's faced political as well as physical challenges . Nyad is determined to swim from Cuba to Florida . Getting permission from both sides took several months . At several points along the way , bureaucratic snags threatened to tank the whole operation . Nyad 's team of more than 30 people consists of about 10 handlers , who will take turns minding Nyad 's every move for the estimated 60 hours it will take her to complete this swim . Boat captains will take shifts driving the five boats in Nyad 's small armada . Six ocean kayakers will switch off paddling kayaks mere inches from Nyad 's side throughout the journey , towing underneath them electronic Shark Shields that emit a harmless but annoying electrical impulse that repels most species of sharks . Shark safety officers trained to distract any creatures that may get curious will take turns in the water surrounding her . "  There 's no getting around the fact that we 're in an ocean here where some dangerous species of shark swim , " she said at the news conference . She said the whitetip shark , however , was n't bothered by the Shark Shields , so she will also have shark divers on hand to help distract them . "  Nobody is going to use any lethal weapon on this swim , " she added . A team doctor will also be on board to monitor Nyad 's hydration and nutrition and to tend to any bites or stings from jellyfish , Portuguese man-of-war and other sea creatures . The navigator will ensure Nyad is swimming in the right direction and guiding her to avoid detrimental ocean currents . CNN will have a crew of seven on board , as well as a special marine tracking satellite dish to provide live pictures of the swim . A sixth boat carrying Nyad 's friends is expected to join the flotilla for the last several hours of the trip , and an equally large team of people will be standing by on land to witness the end of the swim . Nyad will be burning tens of thousands of calories . She will be replacing that energy with nutritionally rich fuel . Every hour , Nyad will stop swimming for just a few minutes to take in food and hydration . A typical meal at one of these pit stops may include hard-boiled eggs , protein gels or peanut butter and a few ounces of an electrolyte-filled beverage . Dr. Ken Kamler , a microsurgeon and expert on practicing medicine under extreme conditions , says that as Nyad swims , her body will first turn to glucose for energy . Once her body burns through that available sugar , it will next start burning body fat as fuel , and finally turn to protein once her fat stores are exhausted . Once her body starts burning protein for energy , he says , she will be in a race to hit Key West before her body destroys muscle tissue . Nyad is undaunted . "  I am a better athlete today than I was at 29 , " she told CNN . CNN 's Shasta Darlington in Havana , Cuba , contributed to this report .	"  I 'm standing here at the prime of my life " Diana Nyad began her Cuba-to-Florida swim at 7:45 p.m. ET Sunday 103-mile swim could take 60 hours or more Every hour Nyad will stop swimming for just a few minutes to take in food and hydration
CNN  -- Americans know Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad for his belligerence toward the United States and Israel and for clashes with international regulators over Iran 's pursuit of nuclear technology . President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's foreign policy has affected Iran 's domestic economy . The conservative Ahmadinejad , 52 , the former mayor of Tehran , was elected president in a landslide in June 2005 , defeating centrist Ayatollah Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani . A tighter race is expected in this Friday 's presidential contest , which pits Ahmadinejad against self-described reformist Mir Hossein Moussavi and two other candidates . Ahmadinejad is expected by many to be re-elected . "  He 's pretty charming . He 's a little bullheaded , but he 's definitely got his charms and charisma in a strange sort of way , " said Hooman Majd , an Iranian-American writer who travels to Iran several times a year . Ahmadinejad and his wife , Parvin , have three children . Rumors that he was among the revolutionaries who held hostages at the American Embassy in Tehran from 1979 to 1981 have never been confirmed . "  He 's an interesting man , " Majd said . "  He 's very smart . There 's no question about that . " Watch the intensity of the campaign " A few months after taking office , Ahmadinejad stated during a speech at the World Without Zionism conference in Tehran that "  Israel must be wiped off the map . " In another speech two months later , he referred to the Holocaust as "  a myth " started by Europeans . Last week at the site of the Buchenwald concentration camp in Germany , President Obama did n't mention Ahmadinejad by name but denounced "  those who insist that the Holocaust never happened -- a denial of fact and truth that is baseless and ignorant and hateful . " Ahmadinejad , the son of a blacksmith and holder of a doctorate in transportation engineering , enjoys strong support among the lower classes and in smaller cities , where he has liberally disbursed government money , said Mehdi Khalaji , a senior fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . He also appeals to poorly educated people who are most influenced by religious hard-liners , Khalaji said . "  Honestly , we 've never seen anyone as courageous as Ahmadinejad , " one man said at a Tehran rally this week . "  He is a true son of the Revolution , " said another . The president 's revolutionary fervor is genuine , Majd said , and it is his political bread and butter . "  There are people who support that , who like the idea of Iran maintaining that revolutionary zeal and being that revolutionary state , " Majd said . However , even some of Ahmadinejad 's supporters acknowledge that voters may be looking for a change . "  Most of the people voting for Moussavi are doing it just to get rid of Ahmadinejad , " one woman in Tehran said . Watch what some of the key issues are " Many want Iran to have better relations with the West , relations that have been strained by Ahmadinejad 's remarks about Israel and his refusal to submit to inspections of nuclear facilities by the International Atomic Energy Agency . That stance has led to isolation from the West , hampering foreign investment and limiting Iran 's economic growth , a sore point with many voters . "  There 's a sort of overwhelming support now for an opening up of the country to the international community and some access to the free-market economy because , frankly , Iran 's own economy is on the verge of utter collapse , " said Reza Aslan , an analyst for DailyBeast.com and author of the book "  No God But God , " an analysis of Islam in politics and culture . Majd , who has translated for Ahmadinejad at the United Nations and who spent four of the last six weeks in Tehran , agreed . "  A less belligerent foreign policy , a slight , strategic alteration of the foreign policy , is going to bode well for Iran . That 's how a lot of voters are viewing it , " he said . The success or failure of Obama 's diplomatic overtures toward Iran could hinge on Friday 's election , Aslan said . "  Let 's be frank . The Obama administration is going to open up to Iran regardless of who wins this election , " Aslan said . "  But it would certainly be a lot easier , not to mention more politically palatable in the United States , if it were n't Ahmadinejad . " CNN chief international correspondent Christiane Amanpour contributed to this report .	Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad known for hostility toward U.S. , Israel Incumbent in tight race to win second four-year term as president Ahmadinejad has defied IAEA over inspections of nuclear facilities Some voters think less belligerent foreign policy would help economy , writer says
CNN  -- A 47-year-old woman who became paralyzed after breaking her neck and back on a turbulent flight is developing some motion in her toes and regaining some sensation after two operations , her doctor said Wednesday . Dr. Trey Fulp , an orthopedic spine surgeon who performed the surgeries at McAllen Medical Center in McAllen , Texas , told CNN that the woman initially was paralyzed from the chest down . She underwent six hours of surgery Saturday and a more than five-hour operation late Tuesday , the surgeon said . "  She is very brave and is talking , " Fulp said . "  If she walks again , I get the first dance . " The woman was on Continental Flight 511 en route from Houston , Texas , to McAllen early Saturday , a one-hour trip that had been delayed more than three hours because of severe storms that barreled through the Houston area on Friday night . The woman 's attorney , Ramon Garcia , said Tuesday that his client struck her head on the bathroom ceiling when the plane suddenly dropped during turbulence . "  We have a lady who got out of her seat and went to the bathroom , " Garcia said . "  And while either in the bathroom or coming out of the bathroom is when this situation occurred . " The woman was stretched out on the plane 's floor for the remainder of the flight until paramedics could start treating her , the attorney said . Fulp said another physician was on the flight . When that doctor realized the woman could n't get up , he held her until the flight landed 20 minutes later . Garcia said his client , a mother of three , did not want to be identified . Continental spokeswoman Mary Clark on Tuesday confirmed that the flight -- carrying 104 passengers and five crew members -- experienced turbulence and that two passengers and a crew member were transported to a hospital in McAllen . Clark said one passenger and the crew member were released , but the other passenger remains hospitalized . "  Our focus is assisting the customer who is still in hospital and her family , " Clark said . Seat belt lights were illuminated during the turbulence , the spokeswoman said . However , it 's not clear whether the passenger was already out of her seat when the light came on or whether she ignored the light and got up to go to the bathroom . Federal aviation authorities are investigating . The Federal Aviation Administration said it 's providing crucial flight information to the National Transportation Safety Board . CNN 's Melanie Whitley and Ekin Middleton contributed to this report .	NEW : Woman has two operations after injuries led to paralysis , surgeon says NEW : "  She is very brave and is talking , " surgeon says Woman struck head on bathroom ceiling during turbulence on plane , lawyer says Federal aviation authorities investigating flight from Houston to McAllen , Texas
Washington  CNN  -- For the past year the FBI has been actively working a new lead in the unsolved case involving skyjacker D.B. Cooper . But the information concerns a new suspect who has been dead for more than a decade , an FBI spokesman told CNN on Monday . In November 1971 , a man calling himself Dan Cooper hijacked a plane and succeeded in getting authorities to give him $ 200,000 and parachutes in return for letting passengers off the plane . The man then asked to be flown to Mexico but jumped out of the back of Northwest Orient Flight 305 somewhere between Seattle and Reno , Nevada . Authorities have never been able to prove whether the man survived or what his actual identity was . A retired law enforcement officer brought a tip to the FBI about a year ago , said Fred Gutt , a spokesman for the FBI 's Seattle Field Office . The retired officer had a contact who thought he or she knew the skyjacker 's identity but added the suspect was dead . But that did n't mark the end of the trail . "  Family members of the deceased have cooperated with us and given us access to items which belonged to the deceased , " Gutt said . The FBI 's lab started looking for evidence that might prove the dead person was the man who skyjacked Flight 305 . The FBI wanted to retrieve items with fingerprints belonging to the new suspect . Gutt said the FBI knows Cooper had handled certain papers , including his plane ticket , and touched plane seats , but many fingerprints were found on those items . Through the years the FBI managed to identify some fingerprints but not all of them . Gutt would not discuss the suspect 's identity , the evidence retrieved or what the lab results were . But , Gutt said , "  so far there 's not a lot that 's inconsistent " with the suspect matching D.B. Cooper . Gutt added the FBI has not been able to prove the person is the mysterious skyjacker and the law enforcement agency still does not know for certain whether Cooper survived his leap out of the plane almost four decades ago during bad weather . Although the FBI has been looking into the new lead for a year , it was first revealed during an interview with The Telegraph of London in advance of the 40th anniversary of the unsolved case this coming November . On the afternoon of November 24 , 1971 , Cooper -- the "  D.B. " apparently was a myth created by the press , according to the FBI -- approached the ticket counter of Northwest Orient airlines in Portland , Oregon , and used cash to buy a one-way ticket to Seattle . "  Cooper was a quiet man who appeared to be in his mid-forties , wearing a business suit with a black tie and white shirt , " the FBI said in a summary of the case on its website . "  He ordered a drink -- bourbon and soda -- while the flight was waiting to take off . " But later , he handed a flight attendant a note saying he had a bomb in his briefcase and asking her to sit beside him . She did as she was told , and the man opened a "  cheap attache case " and showed her a mass of wires and red-colored sticks and demanded that she write down what he told her . She wrote a note demanding four parachutes and $ 200,000 in $ 20 bills and walked it up to the captain , the FBI said . When the flight landed in Seattle , the hijacker exchanged the flight 's 36 passengers for the money and parachutes , the FBI said , keeping several crew members on board . The flight took off again after he ordered it to fly to Mexico City . But Cooper jumped out of the plane . "  The pilots landed safely , but Cooper had disappeared into the night and his ultimate fate remains a mystery to this day , " the FBI said . One clue came in 1980 , when a young boy found a rotting package full of $ 20 bills -- $ 5,800 in all -- that matched the serial numbers of the ransom money . The FBI returned most of the bills to the boy , named Brian Ingram , and Ingram has since auctioned some of them , the Seattle Post-Intelligencer reported . The "  D.B. " stemmed from confusion in a United Press International newsroom , the Post-Intelligencer said . "  We 've run down thousands of leads and considered all sorts of scenarios , " the FBI said in 2007 . "  And amateur sleuths have put forward plenty of their own theories . Yet the case remains unsolved . Would we still like to get our man ? Absolutely . " The FBI appealed for help from the public , releasing pictures of Cooper 's black J.C. Penney tie -- which he removed before jumping and which later provided authorities with a DNA sample -- along with some of the found money . The agency reminded the public that Cooper was no expert skydiver . "  We originally thought Cooper was an experienced jumper , perhaps even a paratrooper , " said Special Agent Larry Carr in 2007 . "  We concluded after a few years this was simply not true . No experienced parachutist would have jumped in the pitch-black night , in the rain , with a 200-mile-an-hour wind in his face , wearing loafers and a trench coat . It was simply too risky . He also missed that his reserve chute was only for training and had been sewn shut -- something a skilled skydiver would have checked . " Agents also believe Cooper had no help on the ground . If he had had an accomplice , he would have needed to coordinate closely with the flight crew and jump at just the right moment . "  But Cooper simply said , ` Fly to Mexico , ' and he had no idea where he was when he jumped , " authorities said . "  There was also no visibility of the ground due to cloud cover at 5,000 feet . " Two flight attendants who were in contact with Cooper gave nearly identical descriptions of him , as did those who encountered him on the ground . He was said to be between 5 foot 10 and 6 feet tall , weighing 170 to 180 pounds with brown eyes . Carr said in 2007 he believed it was unlikely Cooper survived the jump . "  Diving into the wilderness without a plan , without the right equipment , in such terrible conditions , he probably never even got his chute open , " he said . By the five-year anniversary of the hijacking , the FBI said it had considered more than 800 suspects and eliminated all but two dozen from consideration . Several high-profile suspects have been ruled out over the years . Duane Weber , who claimed on his deathbed to be Cooper , was eliminated by DNA testing , the FBI said . Another man , Kenneth Christiansen , did not match the physical description and was a skilled paratrooper . A third , Richard McCoy , who died in 1974 , also did not match the description and was at home the day after the hijacking having Thanksgiving dinner with his family in Utah -- "  an unlikely scenario unless he had help , " the agency said . Fred Gutt said while the FBI understands there is great public interest in this long-unsolved case "  it 's a fairly low-priority case for the FBI " as it pursues new investigations involving cases like missing children that have a current impact on public safety . Even so , Gutt said the FBI always follows up on any new tips on the case . On Sunday , another FBI spokesperson , Ayn Sandalo Dietrich , told CNN the information on the new suspect is not expected to be "  a big break in the investigation . " CNN 's Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	Family of new suspect offer access to dead man 's belongings A man calling himself Dan Cooper hijacked a plane in 1971 He jumped from the plane carrying a parachute and pilfered money Cooper has never been found and his fate is unknown
CNN  -- Two interim leaders of the war-torn Central African Republic have announced their resignations , the French Foreign Ministry said Friday . Interim President Michel Djotodia and Prime Minister Nicolas Tiangaye said they were stepping down at the Central African States summit in N'Djamena , Chad , French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said in a statement . The development comes despite an earlier denial from a Djotodia spokesman that the interim president was resigning at the regional summit in Chad . The country plunged into chaos last year after a coalition of rebels dubbed Seleka ousted President Francois Bozize , the latest in a series of coups since it gained independence . Rebels infiltrated the capital in March , sending Bozize fleeing to Cameroon . Djotodia , one of the Seleka leaders , became interim President . Since then , political turmoil and violence have spiraled . Seleka is a predominantly Muslim coalition , and to counter the attacks on Christian communities , vigilante Christian groups have fought back . The United Nations has said it fears a genocide is brewing , and aid agencies warn of a humanitarian crisis . U.N. aid deliveries resume at capital 's airport Meanwhile , the U.N. refugee agency resumed aid deliveries earlier this week to an estimated 100,000 people who 've sought refuge from the violence at the capital 's international airport . The UNHCR had halted assistance to the refugees thronged at the airport in Bangui amid security concerns . But the distribution of food and supplies started again Tuesday after steps were taken to calm the situation , including the deployment of African Union and French peacekeeping troops around the airport , a news release said Thursday . The UNHCR will now distribute aid including blankets , sleeping mats , soap , mosquito nets and plastic sheets to some 20,000 families , or about 100,000 people , it said . "  It is a relief for UNHCR and the displaced people staying at the airport site . We had to suspend distribution of aid on several occasions , and were frustrated that we could not properly assist people living on this site due to security concerns , " said Kouassi Lazare Etien , the agency 's representative in the Central African Republic . People at the airport are "  living in a desperate situation , " he added . More than 1,000 families have been moved to another part of the airport zone , which should ease the delivery of aid , the U.N. refugee agency said . It appealed Friday for $ 40.2 million to help respond to the crisis over the next three months . The money is intended to support more than 1 million people , the agency said , including 958,000 people displaced by fighting , many of whom are children . There are also more than 86,000 refugees in Cameroon , Chad , the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo who fled the Central African Republic in 2013 , the UNHCR said . The latest appeal comes on the back of previous U.N. requests for funds and reflects the worsening situation in the country , the UNHCR said . The humanitarian group Doctors Without Borders warned this week of measles outbreaks among children in camps in Bangui . The group is vaccinating 68,000 children in five camps to prevent an outbreak . Measles , which can be deadly to children , is highly contagious and can spread rapidly in overcrowded conditions . CNN 's Alexander Felton , Faith Karimi , Pierre Meilhan , Azadeh Ansari and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	NEW : French ministry says interim leaders of Central African Republic stepping down Fighting has displaced nearly 1 million people from their homes , U.N. agency says The agency appeals for $ 40.2 million to help it respond to the crisis Agency resumes aid deliveries to about 100,000 refugees at Bangui airport
London  CNN  -- Though she may have had numerous husbands and lovers , Hollywood icon Elizabeth Taylor had one enduring love : jewelry . Her dazzling collection of jewels , many of which were given to her as presents by husbands including Richard Burton and Mike Todd , were referred to Friday in London by Jonathan Rendell , Deputy Chairman of Christie 's Americas , as "  the crown jewels of Hollywood . " Fans of the screen idol can now ogle highlights from her extensive jewelry collection , along with a selection of her haute couture dresses by designers including Chanel and Christian Dior , and paintings by artists such as Edgar Degas and Camille Pissarro , at Christie 's auction house in London . They are being exhibited there as part of a world tour that will culminate in a series of high-profile sales at Christie 's in New York in December . Taylor 's jewel collection has been valued in excess of $ 30 million , according to the auction house . Keith Penton , head of the jewelry department at Christie 's in London , said that Taylor 's taste in jewels was "  extraordinarily refined . She really understood her gemstones  -LSB- and  she had a passion for design and workmanship , quite a rare combination . " And not only do they speak of her infamous and tempestuous romance with actor Richard Burton , he said , the jewels come with their own dramatic histories -- such as a 50-carat pearl known as "  La Peregrina , " given to her by Burton in 1969 , that was once part of the crown jewels of Spain . It was mounted onto a specially commissioned diamond and ruby Cartier necklace and is estimated to fetch between $ 2 million and $ 3 million at auction in December . There is also the Taj Mahal diamond pendant necklace , which Burton gave her on her 40th birthday in 1972 and which had been a gift from the Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan to his wife in the 17th century . "  If a jewel had a historic provenance , they were particularly enamored , " said Penton of the pair 's taste in gems . According to Nancy Schoenberger , co-author of the book "  Furious Love : Elizabeth Taylor , Richard Burton , The Marriage of the Century , " Taylor developed a taste for jewels from a young age . "  Her father was an art and antiques dealer , " Schoenberger explained . "  She grew up surrounded by beautiful things and was always drawn to jewelry as a young girl , " she said . But it was n't until Taylor 's marriage to film and Broadway producer Mike Todd that her passion for collecting serious jewels took hold , Schoenberger said . Todd , her third husband , bought Taylor a 29.4-carat diamond ring as well as a diamond tiara , which she wore to the 1957 Academy Awards . Schoenberger believes that when Richard Burton bought Taylor the 33.19-carat Krupp Diamond ring in 1968 -- possibly the star piece in the exhibition at Christie 's , estimated to fetch between $ 2.5 million and $ 3.5 million -- he was trying to out-do Mike Todd , who had died unexpectedly just over a year into his marriage with Taylor . "  I think that was a big deal for Richard , to buy her a diamond as big as Mike Todd 's . And he liked showing that the son of a Welsh coal-miner could buy his lady love these extravagant jewels , " she said . Penton believes that the collection will induce feverish bidding in the salesroom , for the quality of the collection but also for their added Hollywood glamor . "  Judging from past sales , which have never been as spectacular as this one -- I think the sky 's the limit , " he said . The actress , who died this year aged 79 , eulogized her love of gems in her 2002 memoir , "  My Love Affair With Jewelry . " In it , she wrote : "  I never , never thought of my jewelry as trophies . I 'm here to take care of them and to love them . When I die and they go off to auction I hope whoever buys them gives them a really good home . " At a press conference on Friday , Rendell of Christie 's said that the collection reveals "  one of the great characters , this was one of the great stars , this was someone who understood her contract with the public . " Penton agreed and said , "  Looking at the couture , you can see that she was not a very large lady but obviously with the hair , with the presence , with the glamor , it all added up to something very fabulous . " In memory of the actress 's life-long devotion to humanitarian causes , a portion of profits generated by admissions , events and select publications related to the sales will be donated to the Elizabeth Taylor AIDS Foundation  ETAF  , which she set up in 1991 . "  Highlights from the Collection of Elizabeth Taylor " is on public display at Christie 's , London , on 24 , 25 and 26 September , after which it will travel to Los Angeles , Dubai , Geneva , Paris , Hong Kong and finally , New York .	Highlights from Elizabeth Taylor 's extensive jewelry collection on display at Christie 's in London Dazzling gems include 33.19-carat diamond , a present from Richard Burton to Taylor Collection known as the "  crown jewels of Hollywood " Jewels may cause bidding frenzy in the salesroom , say Christie 's
CNN  -- Seven peacekeepers from Niger were killed Friday in an ambush in southwestern Ivory Coast , and more may be in danger , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said . The blue-helmeted peacekeepers were part of the U.N. Operation in Cote d'Ivoire on patrol near the border with Liberia , where threats of attacks against civilians have prompted the operation to strengthen its presence , the United Nations said in a statement . "  These brave soldiers have died in the service of peace , " Ban said . "  I condemn this attack in the strongest possible terms . " The incident occurred near Para Village , a spokesperson for Ban said in a statement . Ban called on the government of Ivory Coast "  to do its utmost to identify the perpetrators and hold them accountable . " He added that he understood that other peacekeepers remained in danger . "  Even tonight , after the attack , more than 40 peacekeepers remain with the villagers in this remote region to protect them from this armed group , " he said . Clinton urges Ivory Coast dialogue A spokeswoman for the U.N. mission in Ivory Coast said Friday 's incident was the first attack on peacekeepers since they entered the country in 2004 . Sylvie van den Wildenberg , in a telephone interview from her office in Abidjan , said the remaining forces were continuing to protect area residents , "  who are living in a very difficult terrain -- their villages scattered . " Van den Wildenberg said it was not clear who was responsible for the attack , which occurred mid-afternoon . "  This is an area where you have so many different types of armed people , " she said . "  People have different aims and different reasons to carry arms and to perpetrate attack . So this is a very complex environment . We ca n't extrapolate . We just ca n't fingerpoint any group . " The peacekeepers were on a reconnaissance patrol because U.N. officials had heard rumors several days earlier of armed men in the area threatening to attack a village , she said . Van den Wildenberg said she had received reports that some Ivorian citizens may also have been killed or wounded , "  but we are still checking the facts . " Because the shooting occurred in such a remote location , "  it 's going to take time for us to get the information . " U.N. peacekeepers remained in Ivory Coast after the 2010 presidential election , when the country was thrown into crisis after incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo refused to acknowledge defeat to former Prime Minister Alassane Ouattara . The latter was sworn in on May 21 . Gbagbo is in custody at the Hague , accused of crimes against humanity during post-election violence that killed thousands . In the statement , Ban 's spokesperson said the secretary-general "  remains seriously concerned about the continued instability in the border areas between Cote d'Ivoire and Liberia since the Ivorian post-elections crisis , which has resulted in the death of a number of individuals in that region . " According to the United Nations , its peacekeeping force in Ivory Coast as of April 30 included nearly 11,000 uniformed personnel , as well as several hundred international civilian personnel , local staff and volunteers . They provide technical , logistical and security support to the government . CNN 's Umaro Djau contributed to this report .	More may be in danger , U.N. secretary-general says The peacekeepers were on patrol near the border with Liberia "  We never had such an attack , " a mission spokeswoman says U.N. peacekeepers have been in Ivory Coast since 2004
CNN  -- News that U.S. President Barack Obama is planning to attend next week 's Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Beijing has been extremely welcome . China is thrilled to have President Obama as one of our guests , especially as the success of any initiatives that emerge from APEC rest squarely on cooperation between China and the United States . Such cooperation is as important as ever , and this meeting -- an event I have been involved in for many years -- offers an opening to ending confusion among neighbors in the Asia-Pacific region while setting the stage for vigorous economic cooperation and integration in the coming decades . The reality is that without strong participation by China and the United States , APEC would not have made such remarkable progress . When China and the United States find ways to work together , all nations benefit . But shared economic growth can not come through the decisions or actions of a single country . Instead , economic integration should be seen as a vital driving force for economic growth and prosperity in the region . For example , there have been at least 70,000 jobs created in the United States as a result of Chinese investment , according to the Rhodium Group , a New York-based economic analysis think tank . These ventures have been characterized by shared goals and a spirit of trust and cooperation . Meanwhile , the realization of a Free Trade Area of the Asia-Pacific , which was first initiated by the United States at APEC in 2006 , has grown ripe with economic potential . How ? The FTAAP would open a free trade zone that would considerably expand commerce and economic growth in the region . No existing mechanism incorporates both the United States and China , the two largest economies in the world , into a free trade agreement framework , something that would be remedied by the FTAAP . If we put FTAAP into action , the income gains for the United States could approach $ 202 billion by 2025 , according to the Peterson Institute for International Economics . Such enormous economic activity across the Pacific would in turn translate into more jobs for Americans , among other benefits . Another key factor if we want to boost economic growth across the region is infrastructure . Right now , there is a huge gap between how things stand and the growing demand for greater connectivity and infrastructure development in the Asia-Pacific region . This shortfall is acting as a bottleneck for further development of the regional economy , a fact underscored by the Asian Development Bank , which estimates the region needs $ 8 trillion for infrastructure development between 2010 and 2020 . To help eliminate this bottleneck , China has proposed the establishment of a new , internationally funded and managed bank -- the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank . Such a body would offer efficient financing for badly needed transportation , telecommunications and energy projects across the region , and it could be a strong , complementary source of financing development to institutions such as the World Bank and Asian Development Bank . We therefore hope this idea will secure the necessary support as the United States and other nations recognize the need to fund such critical projects . Finally , innovation is vital if we are to boost the overall prospects for the region , and the United States and China have a unique opportunity to find ways to combine their expertise and experience to find innovative ways of enhancing our economies , as well as those of our friends in the region . Chinese tech company Alibaba offers an example of what such teamwork can look like in practice . In September , Alibaba 's initial public offering listing on the New York Stock Exchange was priced at $ 68 per share , raising $ 21.8 billion for the company and investors and making it the largest U.S. IPO in history , with Yahoo the largest U.S. investor . In this case , China provided an innovative business model in Alibaba , and the U.S. provided a financing platform -- a clear example of the benefits for both nations of working together , and something we need to do more of . When I started working closely with APEC , I could not have imagined that it would develop into such a leading forum for economic cooperation in the Asia-Pacific region . Fast forward more than 20 years , and it is now clear the group is ready to shape and inspire future partnerships for all of us .	Chinese ambassador to U.S. : China is thrilled President Obama will be attending APEC Cooperation between our two countries essential , he says The recent Alibaba IPO is an example of the benefits of a Sino-U.S. partnership , he says
CNN  -- The 2014 Soul Train Music Awards had something for just about everyone . The show aired Sunday and had not only reunions but some meme-worthy moments . Talk show host Wendy Williams served as the mistress of ceremonies for the event , which included a medley from singer Chris Brown . But the word for the night was "  throwback " as acts from the past took to the stage at the Orleans Arena in Las Vegas . One of the main draws was the reunion of 1990s R&B group Jodeci . Original members brothers K-Ci and Jojo Hailey and brothers Devante and Dalvin DeGrate performed some of their hits and debuted a new song , "  Nobody Wins , " with B.o.B. . But the Internet quickly fell in love with Devante 's hairstyle : a little side ponytail , reminding some of the photo on a popular African-American hair care product , Just for Me . "  Devante what happened ?? " one viewer tweeted . Singer Eric Benet offered an assist for the reunion of rappers Lil Kim , Missy Elliott and Da Brat along with girl group Total for a performance of '90s hit "  Not Tonight  Ladies Night Remix  . " It included a tribute to late TLC singer Lisa "  Left Eye " Lopes . Oh , and there were some awards handed out during the festivities . Beyonce snagged best R&B / Soul female artist as well as album of the year , and Pharrell Williams took home song of the year and video of the year for "  Happy . " Here is a list of the winners : Best New Artist Nico & Vinz Centric Certified Award Leela James Best Gospel/Inspirational Song Erica Campbell feat . Lecrae , "  Help " Best Hip-Hop Song of the Year Chris Brown feat . Lil Wayne & Tyga , "  Loyal " Best R&B / Soul Female Artist Beyonce Best R&B / Soul Male Artist Trey Songz Album of the Year Beyonce , "  Beyonce " Song of the Year Pharrell Williams , "  Happy " The Ashford and Simpson Songwriter 's Award John Legend  Toby Gad , John Stephens , Dave Tozer  , "  All of Me " Best Dance Performance Chris Brown feat . Lil Wayne & Tyga , "  Loyal " Best Collaboration Chris Brown feat . Lil Wayne & Tyga , "  Loyal ' " Video of the Year Pharrell Williams , "  Happy " Best Traditional Jazz Performance Wynton Marsalis , "  Flee as A Bird to the Mountain  Live  " Best Contemporary Jazz Performance Liv Warfield , " ` Stay ' / ` Soul Lifted ' " Best Independent R&B / Soul Performance Joe feat . Kelly Rowland , "  Love & Sex Pt . 2 "	The 2014 Soul Train Music Awards aired Sunday night Talk show host Wendy Williams was mistress of ceremonies 1990s group Jodeci reunited for the awards ; hairstyle lit up social media
CNN  -- Although many people think of a heart attack as a painful , sometimes fatal event , there are some heart attacks that go entirely unnoticed . Some people may have had heart attacks without knowing it , studies show . Undiagnosed , or "  silent , " heart attacks affect nearly 200,000 people in the United States annually . As many as 40 to 60 percent of all heart attacks are unrecognized , studies show . By definition , a heart attack usually happens when a clot gets in the way of blood flow from a coronary artery to the heart . This may cause symptoms such as severe chest pain , shortness of breath , fainting and nausea . Anyone who believes that he or she is having a heart attack should seek emergency medical attention . But sometimes a heart attack is not painful , or the person experiencing it does not recognize the symptoms as heart-related , so he or she does not go to a hospital for treatment . Cardiologists have only recently become attuned to the prevalence of these silent heart attacks , and research on treatment is limited . The risk factors for silent heart attacks are the same as for regular heart attacks , experts say , and include smoking , diabetes , stress and family history . Watch CNN Health Files : Heart attacks " A new study from Duke University Medical Center shows that these silent heart attacks may occur more frequently than physicians thought . Even if a heart attack occurred in the distant past , it may still leave a signature called a Q-wave on an electrocardiogram . But there are silent heart attacks that do not have associated Q-waves . Researchers used a relatively new technique called delayed-enhancement cardiovascular magnetic resonance and then followed up with patients after about two years . The study was done on 185 patients who had never had a diagnosed heart attack but were suspected of having coronary artery disease . The researchers found that 35 percent of patients had evidence of a heart attack and that silent heart attacks without Q-waves were three times more common than those that had Q-waves . Patients with non-Q-wave silent heart attacks also had 11 times higher risk of death from any cause and a 17-fold risk of death from heart problems compared with patients without any heart damage . But experts do not recommend that people generally be screened for silent heart attacks unless they have other heart-related problems . "  Currently , there has not been a study that has demonstrated that early identification and therapy changes how patients with unrecognized heart attacks do in the future , " said Dr. Han Kim , a cardiologist at Duke University and lead author of the study . "  If you do n't know when an actual event occurred , it becomes difficult to prescribe therapy . " Although the study was done on a relatively small sample of people at risk of coronary artery disease , meaning the results may not apply to the general population , other cardiologists say the study has merit in adding to the knowledge of silent heart attacks . "  Ultimately , we 're going to need trials to really establish what treatment works and what does n't , " said Dr. Eric Schelbert , a cardiologist at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine who was not involved in the study . Treatment for someone who has had a silent heart attack is usually the same for someone who came to the hospital immediately after a heart attack , Kim said . This may include beta blockers , statin drugs , aspirin or other medications , Schelbert said . Schelbert said he has seen plenty of patients who have had silent heart attacks ; in fact , he has treated some of his own colleagues who have experienced them . "  It 's an incredibly important thing that the physician scientist community needs to explore further , " he said . Researchers noted that patients with non-Q-wave silent heart attacks were also generally older and were more likely to have diabetes . There needs to be more of a focus on prevention among these risk groups , said Dr. David Wiener , a cardiologist at the Thomas Jefferson University Hospital in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , who was not involved in the study .	Silent heart attacks affect nearly 200,000 people in the United States annually Researchers studied 185 people at risk of coronary artery disease Treatment for "  silent " heart attacks is similar to that for regular attacks More research is necessary to determine whether screening is useful
CNN  German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Saturday that prospects for peace in Ukraine are "  uncertain " following talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin . Merkel and French President Francois Hollande met with Putin in Moscow on Friday . On Saturday , at the annual Munich Security Conference , she said it is uncertain whether their talks were successful , but it was worth trying . She defended borders in Europe as "  inviolable . " Russia has shown disrespect for peace and territorial integrity , she said , and Moscow 's actions in Ukraine stand in stark contrast to their commitments . Changing borders by force is out of line with peace and security , and risks escalation , she said . The French , German and Russian leaders met to begin drawing up a new proposal to end the bitter conflict in eastern Ukraine . The peace talks lasted into early Saturday . The parties will engage in further talks by phone on Sunday , the Kremlin said . "  We want to shape security with Russia , not against it , " Merkel said . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden , addressing the conference after Merkel , said it was time for Russia not to just agree to peace -- referring to a September ceasefire between Ukraine and pro-Russian separatists that was agreed in Minsk , Belarus -- but to act on it . "  Too many times , President Putin has promised peace and delivered tanks , troops and weapons , " Biden said , restating Western assertions about Russia 's involvement in the conflict . "  We believe we should attempt an honorable peace . We also believe the Ukrainian people have the right to defend themselves , " Biden said , drawing robust applause . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told the conference that his country "  will be committed to peace . " "  We are against combat . We would like to see a withdrawal of heavy weapons , " Lavrov said . He called for "  a direct negotiation " between Ukrainian government leaders and separatist leaders in Donetsk "  within the framework of territorial integrity . " Lavrov said talks will continue , adding , "  We believe that there are good grounds for optimism to issue recommendations for conflict resolution . " The new diplomatic push comes as a worsening conflict in eastern Ukraine is taking an increasingly heavy toll on civilians . Merkel made clear that she would not do a deal with Russia that bypasses Ukraine 's leadership , saying she "  will not decide anything over the heads of anyone . " The solution must be in line with the Minsk agreement , she said . Russia , Ukraine and separatist leaders signed that pact , but continued fighting has left it in shreds . It 's not yet clear how the new proposal differs from the Minsk agreement . Hollande said Thursday that the joint proposal for new negotiations would be "  based upon the territorial integrity of Ukraine . " The pair hope the proposal will be acceptable to all parties in the conflict , he said . But he said that "  the option of negotiation , of diplomacy , can not be extended indefinitely . " Merkel is scheduled to meet with U.S. President Barack Obama in Washington on Monday to discuss , among other topics , Ukraine . Western leaders and Kiev accuse Russia of fostering the conflict by providing weapons and training to the pro-Russian separatists battling Ukrainian forces in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions , as well as sending regular Russian troops over the border to fight . Moscow denies the allegations . Civilians increasingly are falling victim to the violence in Ukraine , with at least 224 killed and more than 540 injured in the final three weeks of January , the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights said this week . CNN 's Brian Walker , Jason Hanna , Matthew Hoye and Hande Atay contributed to this report	Merkel and French President Francois Hollande met with the Russian leader in Moscow She defended borders in Europe as "  inviolable " Biden : "  Too many times , President Putin has promised peace and delivered tanks "
CNN  -- A small group of observers resumed the United Nations ' mission to monitor a truce in Syria that was tenuous from the start and showed signs Wednesday of unraveling as opposition activists again reported widespread violence . In what appeared to be a pattern of retaliation , security forces were accused of attacking a number of hot spots , including the cities of Hama and Douma , after U.N. monitors had left the areas . Security forces have also reportedly targeted residents who have spoken to the monitors , according to Ahmad Fawzi , spokesman for special envoy Kofi Annan . Fawzi told the U.N. Security Council that people have been harassed and even killed for speaking with the monitors . One activist in Douma urged the monitors to return to the besieged city to see what was unfolding in the wake of their departure . "  The security forces have continued their siege on Douma for the second day today , " said Mohammed , identified only by his first name for safety reasons . "  We desperately call on the international monitors to return to Douma to see the other face of the regime , " he said . In remarks to the Security Council on Tuesday , Annan criticized reports of actions forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad . "  I am particularly alarmed by reports that government troops entered Hama  Monday  after observers departed , firing automatic weapons and killing a significant number of people , " Annan said . "  If confirmed , this is totally unacceptable and reprehensible . " Violence erupted again nationwide Wednesday . At least 100 people were killed , including 70 in Hama , 16 of whom were children , said the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . The reported violence in the southern city of Hama occurred two days after a visit to the city by U.N. observers . An activist in Hama told CNN that at least 56 people were killed in the shelling of the city 's Masha Tayar neighborhood on Wednesday . The activist said that the Syrian military began shelling the neighborhood at noon  5 a.m. ET  , causing a number of houses to collapse , killing those inside . The LCC said residents were still pulling bodies from the rubble late in the evening . CNN can not independently verify reports of violence and deaths within Syria , as the government has restricted access by international media . A handful of U.N. observers have in recent days toured restive cities and towns after Annan , the joint U.N.-Arab League envoy , brokered a six-point peace plan with al-Assad . Annan said Syria 's foreign minister told him that heavy weapons and troops had been withdrawn from population centers and that military operations had ended , key elements of the peace plan . Annan described the communication as "  encouraging , " but added , "  the only promises that count are the promises that are kept . " U.S. Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , told CNN that he had little hope for success for the United Nations mission in Syria . "  How atrocious is it that the government allows these monitors in , people have the courage to come out and express their grievances and then they slaughter people , " he said . "  If it was n't so serious , it would be a bad joke . " The ongoing carnage , say opposition activists , is proof that al-Assad does not intend to keep his promises . At least 38 people were killed across the country Tuesday , the LCC said . The Red Cross said Mohammed al-Khadraa , a Syrian Arab Red Crescent volunteer , was killed and three others were injured in Douma on Tuesday evening . Al-Khadraa was shot and killed in a vehicle clearly marked with the Red Crescent emblem , the agency said . The U.N. Security Council recently authorized sending up to 300 monitors to Syria for 90 days . They are tasked with observing a cease-fire that was supposed to have begun April 12 . By next Monday , 30 observers are expected to be on the ground , with that number swelling to 100 by month 's end . But as of Wednesday , only 13 were in Syria . One problem is that Damascus is unwilling to allow monitors from any of the 60-plus nations that are part of the "  Friends of Syria , " a group that aims to find a solution to the crisis . The group , which includes the United States , France and Britain , met this month and recognized the opposition Syrian National Council as a legitimate representative of the Syrian people . Analysis : U.N. mission does nothing to change endgame in Syria Nationalities aside , some question whether the observers will be able to get an objective , comprehensive view of the situation . "  They are all the time watched by the security forces of the regime , " said one opposition activist , who is not being identified for safety reasons . The observers are also tasked with implementing the peace plan , which calls for the government and the opposition to end the bloodshed , provide access to the population for humanitarian groups , release detainees and start a political dialogue . The crisis began in March 2011 , when the government started cracking down on peaceful protesters calling for the ouster of al - Assad , whose family has ruled Syria for 42 years . The United Nations estimates at least 9,000 people have since died , while activist groups put the death toll at more than 11,000 . CNN 's Yousuf Basil , Amir Ahmed , Holly Yan , Moni Basu , Joe Vaccarello , Jill Dougherty and Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report .	NEW : Shelling in Hama causes a number of buildings to collapse , witness says They say fresh violence erupts in Douma and Hama after U.N. observers leave Syria is not accepting monitors from Friends of Syria nations , a U.N. official says Hillary Clinton : It is "  absolutely deplorable " if the regime is killing those who spoke to monitors
CNN  -- Lerone Clarke of Jamaica held off the challenge of England 's Mark Lewis-Francis to win the men 's 100 meters title at the Commonwealth Games on Thursday . The 29-year-old stormed over the line in 10.12 seconds , 0.08 faster than Lewis-Francis . Trinidad and Tobago 's Aaron Amstrong took the bronze in 10.24 . Clarke took advantage of the absence of his better-known countrymen Usain Bolt and Asafa Powell to claim his Jamaica 's first gold of the Delhi games . But it could have been even better for the Caribbean nation had Oshane Bailey not missed the final after pulling up with a hamstring injury after the semifinals . Lewis-Francis blamed a loose block for his failure to improve on the silver he won at the European Championships earlier this year . "  That 's one of the hardest races I 've done this season , there 's just that little bit of disappointment knowing what could have been , " he told BBC television . "  This is an amazing season for me , I want to say one thing : I would 've won that . "  My block slipped , that 's why it looks like I 'm so far behind . I had to run deep within just to get a medal . There 's a lot more there . " Meanwhile , Australia 's Sally Pearson won the women 's 100m in 11.28 seconds , but was later disqualified for a false start . Although no medals ceremony has been held , the official results list on the Games web site promoted Nigeria 's Osayemi Oludamola into the gold medal position , with Natasha Mayers of St Vincent and the Grenadines  11.37  taking silver and England 's Katherine Endacott getting the bronze . The Australian Commonwealth Games Association is appealing the decision . Leading sprinters Veronica Campbell-Brown , Shelly-Ann Fraser and Kerron Stewart , all from Jamaica , were not competing in Delhi . There was better news for Australia in the swimming pool , with Alicia Coutts claiming her third gold medal of the Games . Coutts had already won the 200m individual medley and 100m freestyle titles . "  It 's an amazing feeling , " she told reporters . "  I did n't think I would get one gold , let alone three - I 'm stoked . "  My first win was a huge confidence booster and it 's powered me through these Games . " Chad Le Clos , an 18-year old from South Africa set a Games record as he added the men 's 400m individual medley gold to his 200m butterfly title . Elsewhere , there were golds for Brent Hayden of Canada in the 100m freestyle and England 's Rebecca Adlington in the women 's 800m freestyle .	NEW Australia 's Sally Pearson disqualified after winning gold in the women 's 100m Nigeria 's Osayemi Oludamola promoted into gold medal position Lerone Clarke wins men 's 100 meters in Delhi in 10.12 seconds Mark Lewis-Francis of England comes second in 10.20 after his block slipped
Roswell , New Mexico  CNN  -- A skydiver 's historic free-fall from the stratosphere was called off Tuesday due to wind gusts that ruined the helium balloon set to hoist him to high altitude for the record-breaking attempt . Another attempt is not expected before Thursday due to weather conditions . Felix Baumgartner is aiming to jump from a higher altitude than anyone ever has -- 120,000 feet  about 23 miles  , more than three times the cruising altitude of the average airliner -- with nothing but a space suit , helmet and parachute . He also hopes to be the first person to break the sound barrier in such a dive . At that altitude , the thin air provides so little resistance that after just 40 seconds , he is expected to be free-falling faster than 690 miles an hour . Organizers initially delayed the balloon launch Tuesday morning because of gusting winds , then tried to make it happen a few hours later at the Roswell launch site . However , as Baumgartner waited in the capsule to be carried up to high altitude , another wind gust whipped the more than 500-foot-tall white balloon and ruined it for the mission . Art Thompson , the technical project director for the mission , said only one back-up balloon is now available to carry out the attempt . "  There 's a lot riding on that , so the main thing for us is making sure the probability is very high , " Thompson said . Asked how he felt about having to call off the attempt , Thompson replied : "  Deflated . No pun intended . " "  For Felix , it 's a lot of frustration , " Thompson added . "  A lot of anticipation getting to this point , and then feeling that he 's going to have to wait -- it 's a lot of anxiety on his part , I 'm sure . " ` Human helicopter ' breaks record for world 's longest flight Years of preparation and untold costs to the primary sponsor , Red Bull , led to Tuesday 's scheduled attempt . When the launch occurs , Baumgartner expects to spend two or three hours on the ascent in a capsule hanging from the helium balloon . Then he will climb out of the capsule , jump off the step with a bunny hop and form a crouched "  delta " position to maximize his speed . He plans to fall 115,000 feet in less than five minutes , then deploy a parachute for the final 5,000 feet to Earth . The attempt has serious risks . He and his team have practiced how he can avoid getting trapped in a dangerous "  horizontal spin . " At temperatures that could hit 70 degrees below zero Fahrenheit or lower , and an atmosphere so thin that his blood would vaporize if he were unprotected , his life will depend on the integrity of his pressure suit . If he loses consciousness during the five-minute plunge , he will survive only if his parachute deploys automatically . Another unknown : the effects on the body of breaking the sound barrier . While reaching such speeds can cause stress on an aircraft , planners for this jump believe there will be little effect on Baumgartner because he will be at an altitude at which there is so little air that shock waves are barely transmitted . "  I 'm not nuts , " Baumgartner said when CNN first interviewed him about the project in 2010 . "  You know , our records are meant to be broken , and I 'm a very competitive person . I like the challenge . " On a more serious note , he added , "  Of course I 'm afraid of dying , because I worked so hard to reach this level . You know , I 'm living a good life . I think the most important thing I 'm doing is to come back alive . " Baumgartner is an Austrian helicopter pilot and former soldier who has BASE jumped from such landmarks as the Petronas Towers in Malaysia and the Christ the Redeemer statue in Rio de Janeiro . BASE is an acronym for buildings , antennas , spans and Earth -- the four things from which you can jump . He has been preparing for his latest feat for five years -- both physically and mentally . "  You have to remember all the procedures , " he said in an interview during testing for the jump . "  You know you 're in a really hostile environment . And you can not think about anything else . You have to be focused . Otherwise , you 're gon na die . " The balloon being used is light and translucent . The material is only .0008 of an inch thick , and it will change shape and size as it rises . The pressurized helmet and suit , which restrict Baumgartner 's mobility and together weigh 100 pounds , have been equipped with sensors and recorders to measure everything from his speed to his heart rate . Cameras on the ground and on the capsule will transmit live images of his attempt . Baumgartner was not doing interviews leading up to the jump , but his performance coach , Andy Walshe , described him as mentally well-prepared . "  He knows that he 's rehearsed it and knows what to do , " Walshe said Sunday . "  We want him in the right state of mind . We ask him to reflect on what he 's done , what he 's been through and what he 's achieving for himself personally , so he can relax and focus . " The record for such a jump is currently held by Col. Joe Kittinger , who in 1960 jumped from 102,800 feet as part of a U.S. Air Force mission . More than 50 years later , Kittinger is a consultant and mentor for Baumgartner 's effort . Kittinger has also been giving Baumgartner advice on what to expect . For example , he described what it feels like to fall through space when there is so little air : "  There 's no way you can tell how fast you 're going , because there 's no visual cues . " Kittinger rejects any suggestion that he is jealous that Baumgartner is poised to beat his record . "  Oh no . I 'm delighted , " he told CNN recently . "  He 's advancing science , and he 'll do a great job . "	NEW : Another attempt could happen this week , perhaps Thursday Felix Baumgartner hopes to be the first person to break the sound barrier without a vehicle Risks include low temperatures , thin atmosphere and a possible loss of consciousness Baumgartner will have only a space suit , helmet and chute for the 120,000-foot jump
Rolling Stone  -- Winner of the week : The big chart story this week is rapper Mac Miller , whose independent debut "  Blue Slide Park " sold 144,000 copies and hit Number One on the Billboard album charts . But we 're more intrigued by the latest single action from Katy Perry -- last Friday , she put out the video for "  The One That Got Away , " the sixth single from "  Teenage Dream , " and it 's killer . Perry , in old-lady makeup , sits on her bed staring into space as she flashes back to the "  younger " Perry in a goofy romance with actor Diego Luna . The whole thing ends tragically with the perfect closing : Johnny Cash singing "  You Are My Sunshine " from his 2003 album "  Unearthed III : Redemption Songs . " Anyway , the video premiered on "  The Ellen DeGeneres Show " and has since hit more than 12.4 million views . What 's extraordinary is that even before that , radio was picking it up , boosting the single 38 spots up the Ultimate Chart , from 63 to 25 . Look for this one to have serious longevity , given Perry 's hit history this year and the video boost . Loser of the week : Justin Bieber . His "  Under the Mistletoe " dropped from Number One to Number Six this week , shedding 54 percent  97,000 total this week  . On the flip side , Michael Bubl 's "  Christmas " surged from Number Eight to Number Two , selling 123,000 copies and gaining 38 percent in sales . Bubl is clearly on the verge of dominating Christmas season . Lucky for him , holiday albums are traditional sales phenomena , as opposed to downloads -- Bubl is just Number Seven on this week 's iTunes chart , and Bieber did n't place at all . Why ? Our guess is that most people still have CD players in their living rooms , where they decorate trees and such , and probably have n't gotten around to syncing old-school hi-fis with iTunes and Spotify . Thus , holiday music is somewhat invulnerable to music piracy , which is why record companies love to release as much of it as possible during this time of year . As to why Bubl and not Bieber ? No idea . A hearty wobble dee wobble dee wop to you , too : And finally , a word about a **** . Detroit rapper Big Sean 's "  Dance  A **  " is one of the most hilariously , gloriously cynical videos we 've seen in a long time -- it 's all bling , booze and scantily clad ladies , plus the word "  a ** " repeated like a mantra and superimposed in various languages . The remix video contains a lengthy cameo from Nicki Minaj , who gamely shakes her own you-know-what  squeezed into Union Jack shorts , among other things  and actually elevates the video for a few seconds with her bug-eyed power-rapping . It 's up to 10.5 million views on YouTube and Ultimate Chart ranks it Number 14 , up from Number 29 the previous week . We do n't expect it to hit bottom  sorry  soon . See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Katy Perry 's "  The One That Got Away " video has hit more than 12.4 million views Justin Bieber 's "  Under the Mistletoe " dropped from Number One to Number Six Michael Bubl 's "  Christmas " surged from Number Eight to Number Two
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Taliban in Pakistan have issued a direct challenge to the legitimacy of the Pakistani government , by declaring the country 's entire legal system "  un-Islamic . " Taliban representatives leave talks in Peshawar in February after reaching a deal on Sharia law in Swat . "  Let the judges and the lawyers go to Islamic university , " said Muslim Khan , a Taliban spokesman in Pakistan 's Swat Valley . "  After  they learn Islamic rules , Islamic regulation , they can continue to work . " In a telephone interview Tuesday with CNN , Khan demanded the imposition of Islamic sharia law all across the country . He also called for the creation of jaziya , an Islamic tax , to be levied on all non-Muslims in Pakistan . And Khan denounced any Pakistanis who disagreed with his interpretation of Islam , calling them "  non-Muslims . " The Taliban militant echoed statements made by Sufi Muhammed , an Islamist fundamentalist leader who helped broker a peace deal between the Pakistani government and the Taliban in Swat Valley . Last week , the deal led to the implementation of sharia law in Swat , an alpine region that was once one of Pakistan 's most popular destinations for foreign tourists . Speaking before an audience of tens of thousands on Sunday , Sufi Muhammed declared democracy and Pakistan 's judicial system "  un-Islamic . " Since reaching his peace deal with the government in Islamabad , Muhammed has been appointing qazis , or clerics , to serve as judges in Islamic courts in Swat . The rise of the Taliban in Swat has alarmed and frightened some members of local civil society there . "  This is a time bomb for the country , " said Aftab Alam , the head of the lawyers ' association in Swat district . Speaking by telephone from the town of Mingora , Alam claimed Taliban militants have kidnapped , ransomed and even killed lawyers in recent months . "  The only sane voice against the militants , the only sane voice against the criminals , is the lawyer community , " he said . "  And this is why we have been declared by them , I mean the militants , liable to death . " This week , some secular Pakistani political parties publicly condemned the Taliban 's strict interpretation of Islam . But many other prominent officials appear unwilling or unable to challenge the creeping Taliban conversion of Pakistani society . For example , Ali Ahmed Kurd , one of the leaders of the lawyers protest movement which helped bring down the government of military ruler Pervez Musharraf , declined to comment on Tuesday when asked by CNN about Sufi Mohammed 's comments . In recent months , videos have emerged showing what appear to be Taliban militants in Swat meting out vigilante justice . One video shows men beating a woman accused of adultery with a cane . Taliban spokesman Muslim Khan initially claimed responsibility for the public caning in interviews with Pakistani TV stations . But in his interview with CNN on Tuesday he reversed his position , accusing "  opponents of Islam " of making fake videos to hurt his movement 's image . Meanwhile , in another Taliban-run region called Orakzai , details emerged of militants forcing a small community of Sikhs to pay a jaziya or "  minority tax " of 10.5 million rupees , roughly 18,000 dollars earlier this month . During his interview , Taliban spokesman Muslim Khan said that if his vision of an Islamic society is fulfilled in Pakistan , terror mastermind Osama Bin Laden will be welcome to travel and live openly here . "  Sure , he 's a Muslim , he can go anywhere , " Khan said . Khan added that he would like to see sharia law implemented beyond Pakistan , even in America , a country he knows intimately . For four years , the Taliban spokesman lived in the United States , working as a painter near Boston .	Taliban in Pakistan demand imposition of Islamic sharia law across country Government-Taliban deal has led to implementation of sharia law in Swat Valley Fundamentalist leader declares Pakistan 's judicial system "  un-Islamic " Secular Pakistani political parties have condemned strict interpretation of Islam
CNN  -- At first blush , it sounds like a torturous way to read an 8,500-word short story . But in a nod to the social media age , The New Yorker is offering up new fiction on Twitter in a series of 140-character bursts . "  Black Box , " a new story by Pulitzer Prize-winning author Jennifer Egan , was to begin appearing on the New Yorker Fiction Twitter account Thursday at 8 p.m. ET . A single line will be published every minute for the next hour , then from 8-9 p.m. on each of the following nine nights , through June 2 . While waiting for new snippets might not sound like the most fun way to consume a story , lovers of the written word can take some solace in the fact that Egan , no stranger to nontraditional storytelling , wrote "  Black Box " with Twitter in mind . Egan 's 2010 novel , "  A Visit From the Goon Squad , " won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the National Book Critics Circle Award . "  Black Box , " she says , takes a character from that book and tells a "  spy-thriller " version of her tale . "  This is not a new idea , of course , but it 's a rich one -- because of the intimacy of reaching people through their phones , and because of the odd poetry that can happen in 140 characters , " she said in a New Yorker post about the experiment . "  I found myself imagining a series of terse mental dispatches from a female spy of the future , working undercover by the Mediterranean Sea . I wrote these bulletins by hand in a Japanese notebook that had eight rectangles on each page . " Egan said the story was originally twice its present length and that she spent about a year writing and revising it -- using Twitter 's character-counting tool to make sure the final lines would make the cut . As Egan 's statement suggests , she 's not the first to tackle fiction on Twitter and other digital short forms . In Japan , "  keitai shousetsu , " or "  cellphone novels " written in the form of text messages , have become perennial best-sellers since originating in the early 2000s . In 2008 , Penguin Books launched the "  We Tell Stories " project in which six of its authors used interactive media , including Twitter , to tell new tales .  One , Toby Litt 's "  Slice , " was told as a series of blog posts and tweets from the story 's main character and her parents  . And in 2009 , author and noted Twitter-phile Neil Gaiman worked with BBC Audiobooks on an interactive novel built from tweets . Egan is no stranger to nontraditional approaches to writing herself . "  Goon Squad " hovers somewhere between being a novel and a series of related short stories about an aging music-industry executive and other rock 'n' roll characters . In it , one chapter appears as a PowerPoint presentation . In July , The Guardian printed Egan 's "  To Do , " a short story told as a seemingly innocuous list of chores . Call "  Black Box " gimmicky if you like , but you ca n't claim it 's just Egan wanting to screw around on Twitter . She has an account , but before two tweets promoting Thursday 's serialization , she 'd only posted four times since signing up in 2010 . And fear not if you ca n't stand the thought of reading a story tucked into your Twitter feed  of , for that matter , if you ca n't stand the thought of Twitter  . The New Yorker will be publishing a daily summary of the story-so-far on its Page Turner fiction blog . The story also will appear in its entirety in the venerable magazine 's upcoming science-fiction issue .	The New Yorker was to begin posting a short story tweet by tweet on Twitter Thursday night Jennifer Egan 's "  Black Box " will be serialized each night for 10 nights A Pulitzer winner , Egan has embraced nontraditional storytelling Other authors have tried fiction on Twitter and in other digital forms
CNN  -- The California shooting rampage began in a parking lot of a $ 56-a-night motel outside downtown Sacramento when two sheriff 's deputies checked on a suspicious car there . By the time the spree was over , authorities said , the suspects killed two sheriff 's deputies in two counties , wounded a third deputy , attempted three car carjackings and shot one of those drivers in the head -- all during a span of six hours Friday , prompting school lockdowns and a massive manhunt . The dragnet was successful : Marcelo Marquez , 34 , of Salt Lake City , Utah , was arrested Friday after police found him in a home in Auburn , about 30 miles from the initial shooting , authorities said . Also arrested was Jannelle Monroy , 38 , of Sacramento County , who was allegedly with Marquez during the rampage , authorities said . Killed was Sacramento County Deputy Danny Oliver , 47 , a 15-year veteran with a wife and two daughters . The other slain officer was Placer County Deputy Michael David Davis Jr. , 42 , an 18-year veteran with a wife and four children . Davis died exactly 26 years later to the day that his father , a Riverside County sheriff 's deputy , was killed in the line of duty , authorities said . The wounded deputy , Jeff Davis of Placer County , was shot in the arm and later treated and released , and the driver , Anthony Holmes , 38 , was in serious condition in a hospital , according to authorities and CNN affiliates . "  A one-man crime spree " The two suspects ' motive remained a mystery on Saturday as authorities continued their investigation and weighed what charges to file . Investigators will take weeks in putting together the string of crime scenes , police said . Officials believe Marquez is responsible for all the shootings , according to reports . "  This guy was on a one-man crime spree today . He has no idea of the damage he did , " Placer County Sheriff 's Office spokesman Dena Erwin told reporters after Marquez 's arrest . Added Placer County Sheriff Ed Bonner at a news conference : "  I think there 's those people who would say , ` You know what , I wish you 'd killed him . ' "  Now , that 's not who we are . We are not him . We did our job , " Bonner told reporters . Shot in the jaw Events began shortly before 10:30 a.m. when Oliver and his partner found themselves being fired upon by at least one of the suspects in a vehicle in the parking lot of Motel 6 , authorities said . The gunfire surprised Oliver , who was n't able to fire a shot , but his partner did return fire , and the suspects fled , authorities said . Oliver was shot in the forehead , police said . Then a total of three attempted carjacking occurred , two of them successful , according to CNN affiliate KCRA , citing authorities . The first was Holmes ' vehicle , but he fought the carjacking attempt , police said . He was shot in the jaw , CNN affiliate KOVR reported . "  Anthony Holmes is a strong guy , " friend Tyrone Murphy told KOVR . "  He would n't let someone take his car , but officially the guy had a gun , and he could n't beat the bullet . " Holmes fell back into his car , police said . "  By his falling back  into his car  , that could explain why the suspect was unable to carjack that vehicle , " Sacramento County Sheriff Scott Jones said . Final carjacking The two suspects carjacked a Mustang and ditched it . They then carjacked a red Ford F-150 truck and drove to Placer County , KCRA reported . Another gunfire erupted again in Auburn , when two Placer County sheriff 's deputies were wounded , police said . Authorities arrested Monroy in or near the hijacked truck , and Marquez allegedly ran from the scene , said Erwin . All Auburn schools were locked down while police hunted for Marquez , authorities said . Placer High School 's homecoming football game on Friday was postponed until Saturday , KCRA reported . A SWAT team , police armored vehicles and gun-drawing officers formed a perimeter around the neighborhood and set up checkpoints to inspect the car trunks of passing motorists , the Sacramento Bee reported . "  It looks like a TV show around here , " Hazel Haase , who lived next door to the home where Marquez allegedly was hiding , told the newspaper by telephone during the siege . The owner of the home where Marquez was found helped police by drawing a floor plan , the newspaper reported . Marquez was arrested without putting up a struggle and was taken to a hospital with a gunshot wound to his hand , according to a CNN affiliate . His ID was found on the dashboard of one of the vehicles he allegedly carjacked , KCRA reported .	One deputy is killed by surprise gunfire from suspicious car in a motel parking lot Suspects allegedly attempt three carjackings , two of which are successful A deputy in nearby county is killed in another gunfight Marcelo Marquez , 34 , and Jannelle Monroy , 38 , are in custody after six-hour rampage
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Car bombers targeted throngs of Iraqis on Wednesday as they spilled into Baghdad streets to cheer a national soccer victory , killing at least 50 people and leaving scores more wounded . Iraqis carry the coffins Wednesday of relatives killed Tuesday in a suicide car bombing in Hilla . Attacking revelers in the Mansour district of western Baghdad , a suicide car bomber killed at least 30 people and wounded 75 , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said . Later , in the southeastern neighborhood of Ghadir , a second car bomb killed at least 20 and wounded at least 60 , the official said . The attack is near an Iraqi army checkpoint . Thousands of fans had filled the streets of the capital after Iraqi athletes competing in Malaysia defeated South Korea , catapulting the nation to the Asian Cup finals for the first time . In addition to the dual Baghdad bombings , random gunfire across the capital led to the deaths of two people and the wounding of 12 , the ministry said . Iraq defeated South Korea 4-3 in a penalty shootout in a semifinal game Wednesday night in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . There had been street violence Saturday after Iraq won its quarterfinal game . Three people died and 25 were wounded during raucous celebrations in which people fired guns into the air . Iraq and Saudi Arabia play for the championship in Jakarta , Indonesia , on Sunday . Meanwhile , the top U.S. commander in charge of troops in northern Iraq says that a coalition troop presence will be needed in his region over the next year and a half . But Maj. Gen. Benjamin Mixon told CNN on Wednesday that it is possible the number of troops in the north could drop by sometime next year . "  As I look at my area , I certainly can see we will need some level of troop presence by well into 2009 . The numbers will depend on the situation , " said Mixon , who has 23,000 troops under his command . Mixon reported strides in Operation Arrowhead Ripper , the major offensive in and around Baquba that began last month : "  We have taken Baquba back from the enemy . We have pushed them into the Diyala River valley and are continuing to attack them in the Diyala River valley . " A U.S. soldier with the 13th Sustainment Command  Expeditionary  died Tuesday of a "  non-battle related " cause , the U.S. military said Wednesday . The death put the total U.S. military personnel killed in the Iraq war at 3,637 , including seven civilian contractors of the Defense Department . The number of American troop deaths for July is 58 . Also Wednesday , morning raids in three cities by coalition forces targeting al Qaeda in Iraq detained 20 suspected terrorists , according to a U.S. military statement . "  With every operation coalition forces conduct we are further degrading and destroying the al Qaeda in Iraq network , " said Maj. Marc Young . "  Al Qaeda and its foreign leadership seek only to bring violence and fear to the Iraqi people in its attempt to prevent a secure and democratic Iraq . " The raids took place in Baghdad , Mosul and Tarmiya , according to the statement . At least 18 slain bodies were found across the capital on Wednesday , the Iraqi Interior Ministry said . The total number of such deaths this month stands at 504 . Iraqi authorities suspect the fatalities are the result of sectarian violence . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. general says troops will be needed in northern Iraq into 2009 Death toll from car bombs rises to 50 as thousands celebrate soccer win U.S. soldier dies of "  non-battle related " causes , military says U.S.-led coalition raids in three cities detain 20 suspected terrorists , U.S. says
PLEASANT GROVE , Utah  CNN  -- The Supreme Court wrestled on Wednesday with how to handle a small religious group 's effort to erect a granite monument in a Utah park , next to an existing Ten Commandments display , in a free-speech case involving competing faiths , politics and social norms . The U.S. Supreme Court hears a case mixing religion , politics and social norms with national implications . On one side is Summum , a tax-exempt religious organization that believes in mummification , the rites of transference , and "  The Seven Aphorisms , " which include the Principle of Psychokinesis and the Principle of Vibration , among others . Opposing them are the elected leaders of Pleasant Grove , Utah , who control the small patch of public land in question . At issue is whether such donated monuments on public property represent "  private " or "  government " speech . A ruling from the justices clarifying the difference would affect municipalities nationwide , as well as a range of expressive memorials , from 9/11 victim tributes to battlefield markers . "  The heart of the question is whether the government may discriminate based on content , and that 's a First Amendment question , " said Justice Anthony Kennedy . Local officials in Pleasant Grove want the discretion to decide the kinds of permanent displays that can be erected in the park , because they would claim ultimate ownership and control . Summum , a Salt Lake City-based group , wants to put up a three-foot granite slab on the "  Seven Aphorisms of Summum , " at their expense . Necessary permits were denied , so Summum sued , saying it was being discriminated against . A Ten Commandments monument was placed in the park in 1971 by a private group , the Fraternal Order of Eagles . The justices appeared uneasy with arguments from both sides , posing a range of hypotheticals to explore the free speech limits cities and private groups should enjoy . "  You have a Statute of Liberty , do we have to have a statue of despotism ? " said Chief Justice John Roberts . "  Or do we have to put up any president who wants to be on Mount Rushmore ? " "  Suppose they only accept Democrats who are sculptors , " for donated artworks , asked Justice Stephen Breyer , "  and they reject all the Republicans ? " The Bush administration supports the Utah town . Deputy Daryl Joseffer told the court that municipal ownership implies control . "  It chooses to display it , and then it can do whatever it wants with it . It can move it , modify it , destroy it , drop it to the bottom of the ocean , sell it on eBay . " But Justice David Souter warned about unfettered government discretion to approve or disapprove a particular message . "  That is control with a vengeance , " he said . "  The government says : OK , we 'll take the Eagles monument . We will not on identical terms take the Summum monument because we disagree with the message ... Why is n't that a First Amendment violation ? " "  There is a fundamental difference between opening up a forum , taking acres of a park and saying everybody gets to go in , " said Jay Sekulow , head of the American Center for Law and Justice , which is representing the city , "  and another situation where the government is clearly controlling it not for a subversive reason . " "  But really , in this case , the debates as to whether the policy justifications are a sham are relevant , " countered a skeptical Justice John Paul Stevens , "  You just put up those monuments that agree with the message . " "  Is n't this just government endorsement of this memorial ? " asked Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg . Summum was founded in 1975 by Summum "  Corky " Ra , who said alien visitors -- or "  advanced living beings " -- visited him one day after work , appearing hairless and blue and revealing to him the Summum concepts . After spreading the word and launching his legal fight to erect his monuments , Corky died earlier this year . Classified as a tax-exempt church , the roughly several dozen members of Summum prefer to call themselves a philosophical group . They have no over-arching doctrine or supreme being , but their movement is extensively laid out in pamphlets , on a Web site , and in Internet radio broadcasts . A 27-foot-tall , 40-foot-wide copper-shelled pyramid sits on the group 's one-acre site in Salt Lake City . Scattered about are preserved animals encased in bronze , Egyptian symbols , sofas and candles ; bright murals adorn the walls . Off to the side is a large stainless-steel fermentation tank , where alcoholic , sacramental "  nectars " or "  liquid knowledge " are produced for meditation sessions . Next door is a building where the rite of mummification is performed . It is a key aspect of Summum , central to the idea , says group leader Su Menu , that "  the soul moves forward . " Using resins and fiberglass , the lengthy , sophisticated procedures are performed on site , on pets and humans . Also key are seven principles , or aphorisms . Taking a different path from traditional Christian faith , followers believe Moses first descended from Mount Sinai with the aphorisms instead of the Ten Commandments . "  All we want to do is share what we have with everyone else . I mean , it 's not like proselytizing , " said the 53-year-old Menu , who is a piano teacher . "  Not everyone follows the Ten Commandments , so maybe people are looking for something else , and all we want to do is show them the possibility . " The aphorisms are the seven principles of creation according to the group : psychokinesis , correspondence , vibration , opposition , rhythm , cause and effect , and gender . Pleasant Grove was founded by Mormon settlers in 1850 . With a population of 30,000 , it lies between Salt Lake City and Provo and is a bedroom community for both . A centerpiece of the town is Pioneer Park , where along with an old schoolhouse and wagons , the Ten Commandments monument sits tucked near a 9/11 memorial placed by a local Boy Scouts troop . "  This park is dedicated to the history of the people , the founding of the city , and significant citizens who have lived and contributed to the community , " said Mayor Mike Daniels . The Eagles have erected similar monuments in hundreds of other communities since the 1950s . Daniels says that group 's long-standing ties to the community and their continuing charity work were reason enough to allow the Ten Commandments to be displayed . A federal appeals court ruled for Summum , concluding parks are a "  public forum " to which private groups have access under free speech protections . By allowing Ten Commandments displays for decades , the judges concluded , various cities have historically been treating permanent displays on public property as private speech . Summum says the alternative would be for cities to simply ban all such displays , including the Ten Commandments . Although the appeals court dealt strictly with the case as a free speech issue , the justices raised concerns about religious freedom and the constitutional ban on government favoring one religion over another . The Supreme Court has refused to offer a broad rule on religious monuments , taking a more case-specific approach . Ten Commandments displays in public schools were banned in 1980 . But the justices in 2005 allowed a 57-year-old Ten Commandments granite monument to stay on the Texas statehouse grounds , where it stands amid a series of nonreligious symbols . A similar display in Kentucky was ordered removed after the high court concluded it violated the separation between church and state . Unlike Utah , those cases involved efforts to remove the monuments . Then-Chief Justice William Rehnquist noted there was "  no exact formula " to determine when such a display crosses the constitutional line . The high court is now being asked to adopt such a distinction . The case is Pleasant Grove v. Summum  07-665  . A ruling is expected by June .	Religious group wants to place three-foot granite monument in public park Officials in Utah town with Mormon roots have said no to the request Existing monument in same park displays Ten Commandments Town cites right to government discretion ; group cites free-speech rights
CNN  -- Iran 's parliament has asked authorities to arrest "  the main instigators and directors " of Sunday 's violent anti-government protests , the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency reported Wednesday , the same day massive pro-government rallies were held in Tehran and other cities . Legislator Hassan Noroozi named three people he said "  must be arrested " : Mehdi Karrubi , Mir Hossein Moussavi and Fa'ezeh Hashemi . Karoubi and Moussavi are opposition politicians who challenged President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in June 's elections . Hashemi is the daughter of the former reformist president , Ayatollah Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani . "  They must not remain on the sidelines and be safe , " Noroozi said . "  Those who issue statements and invite people to create chaos in the streets and attack one another must be dealt with according to Islamic laws . " In Sunday 's protests , at least seven demonstrators were killed in clashes with security forces , although the Iranian government has denied that its security forces killed anyone . Still , a video released Tuesday appeared to show green and white Iranian police vehicles driving into crowds of protesters and running over at least one . Other videos purported to show people said to have been killed by the police vehicles . Iranian authorities reported that most of the seven dead had died after being struck with "  hard objects or due to similar causes , " according to chief prosecutor Abbas Jafari Dolatabadi . Amateur video shot by demonstrators showed clashes , and a number of protesters with serious and possibly fatal injuries , including some with apparent gunshot wounds . But the battles -- depicted in sometimes grainy and shaky amateur videos anonymously posted on the Internet -- have drawn harsh criticisms from the international community , and subsequently harsh criticisms from the Iranian government . State media sourced an official as saying that about 500 people had been arrested in conjunction with the clashes . The protests fell on Ashura , a holy day for Shiite Muslims commemorating the martyrdom of Hussein , the grandson of the Prophet Mohammed who was killed in battle in Karbala in 680 A.D. . Earlier Wednesday , IRNA reported that "  two known plotters " of the violent post-election protests and Sunday 's demonstrations had "  escaped " from Tehran and fled to the north of the country "  to be safe from people 's anger . " But the Fars news agency later retracted IRNA 's report , saying that "  informed sources have denied the news that leaders of the plotters have left Tehran . " As Wednesday 's pro-government crowds headed toward Revolution Square in Tehran , they cried "  Death to America , " "  Death to Israel , " and "  Death to Moussavi . " Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei told a group of Islamic students from Europe who were visiting Iran that international leaders who condemned Iran 's actions "  want to malevolently change the facts and realities and are also influenced by the Zionist media , " according to the Iranian Labor News Agency . No government opponents were seen at the rally , said CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr from the capital . Opposition Web sites advised their supporters to stay home . Bozorgmehr , who watched the demonstrations from the sidelines , said that at Vali Asr square , the crowd was so dense he could not make his way through on foot . From a bridge , he overlooked an area from Imam Hossein Square to Revolution  Enghelab  Square , a distance of about 18 kilometers  11 miles  . There were "  easily hundreds of thousands , if not over a million people , " he said . There also were protests in Tabriz , Shiraz , Arak , Gilan and Sistan-Baluchestan province , according to government-funded Press TV . Read more Iran coverage State television ran messages across the bottom of the screen indicating the nationwide gatherings , which lasted at least two hours , were "  huge . " "  Millions of Iranians gather to condemn insulting Ashura , " one ticker read . Others reported that marchers had renewed their allegiance to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei , supported the Iranian system and renewed their allegiance to the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , who led Iran for a decade after the 1979 revolution . According to Bozorgmehr , "  The march was orderly and I saw no sign of security forces in any large numbers . The crowd was a mix of men , women and children , as well as large religious processions accompanied by loud speakers denouncing Sunday 's protests . " Ahmadinejad said Wednesday 's march showed that criticism by foreign nations can never have a negative impact on his country . "  The officials of these countries should understand that their attempts will not affect the Iranian nations ' equations , stances and idealistic and perfectionist move , " Ahmadinejad told reporters at the end of a Cabinet meeting . He said the United States and certain European countries were trying to foment unrest in Iran , and described those efforts as futile , Fars reported . Ahmadinejad also advised President Obama and his European allies to learn from the experiences of their predecessors . "  Officials of the U.S. and certain European states showed again that they have embarked on wrong plans , stances and attitude , " Ahmadinejad said . The semi-official , state-run ILNA also reported Wednesday that Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki had summoned Britain 's ambassador to Tehran , Simon Gass , and notified him of Iran 's protest over the "  intervening stance of the British foreign minister . " Mottaki threatened Britain with a "  slap in the mouth , " ILNA reported . Rally organizers distributed a news release after the march that condemned the Ashura protests . They accused those who participated of acting against Ashura , the holy Quran , Islamic values and the Islamic Republic , according to ILNA  Iranian Labour News Agency  . The declaration called the rioters "  Mofsed Bel Arz "  corrupt on Earth  and said they had waged war against God . The declaration also demanded that Iranian authorities review the country 's relations with Britain and France , which , along with the United States , have criticized the Iranian government 's intolerance for anti-government protesters . The document praises Iran 's state media for their "  courageous work " in exposing the "  plotters " and those in the media who were influenced by foreign spy agencies and had "  incited people to riot . " Among the seven who died in Sunday 's violence was Moussavi 's nephew , Seyyed Ali Moussavi , who was buried quickly on Wednesday with security personnel watching from nearby . There were no demonstrations or disturbances during the burial , and several plainclothes and uniformed security personnel patrolled the area . According to NoroozNews , a pro-reformist news Web site , at least six journalists and political and civil rights activists were arrested early Wednesday . Among them were Badr-Alsadat Mofidi , director of the Professional Journalists ' Association ; Keyvan Mehregan ; political director of the Eetemad Meli newspaper ; Nasrin Vaziri , who covers parliament for the semi-official ILNA ; and Morteza Kazemian , a staff writer and political activist for the opposition Web site Rahesabz.net , who was detained at 1 a.m. Another journalist , Masha-Allah Shams Alvazein , was arrested Tuesday morning , NoroozNews said . According to its report , "  three young agents showed up at his house with a nameless arrest warrant , and about one hour after he resisted and asked for a name-specific arrest warrant , two older agents showed up and threatened to take him by force if he did not go willingly . " NoroozNews said Mansoureh Shojaey , a women 's rights activist , also was arrested Wednesday , shortly after midnight , at her house . There were reports that a prosecutor has signed arrest warrants for 200 journalists , NoroozNews said . In Jerusalem on Wednesday , international representatives of jurists , parliamentarians , human rights activists and Iranian dissidents held a news conference to reveal their petition for additional sanctions against Iran . They cited the country 's "  harsh crackdown on opposition demonstrators " as well as its defiance over its nuclear program . Leading the coalition of about 60 people was Irwin Cotler , a former Justice Minister of Canada , now a Liberal Party member of the Canadian Parliament . He accused the Iranian government of "  gross violations of international law . " "  What we are witnessing in Ahmadinejad 's Iran is a toxic convergence of four distinct yet interrelated dangers : the danger of a nuclear Iran , the danger of state-sanctioned incitement to genocide , the danger of state sponsorship of international terrorism and the danger of a massive assault on human rights , " Cotler said .	NEW : Iran 's parliament calls on authorities to arrest three key opposition leaders NEW : Mir Hussein Moussavi , Mehdi Karoubi and Fa'ezeh Hashemi named Massive pro-government rallies were held in Tehran and other cities Wednesday Rallies were in response to Sunday 's violent protests , which fell on Shiite holy day
CNN  -- Democrats increased their 36-seat majority in the U.S. House , according to CNN projections , by defeating established Republicans and winning open seats as they capitalized on an unpopular GOP president . Rep. Chris Shays , R-Connecticut , failed to win his 11th full term . Democrats clinched a majority and took at least 21 seats from Republicans , with the GOP taking only four from the Democrats , according to CNN projections as of 4 a.m. ET Wednesday . With winners yet to be called for 11 of the House 's 435 seats , Democrats were projected to win 251 seats , with Republicans having 173 . Heading into Election Day , the Democrats had a 235-199 majority . The Democrats ' apparent gains Tuesday come two years after they took control of the House -- with a gain of 30 seats -- after 12 years in the minority . Among Tuesday 's GOP casualties was longtime Rep. Chris Shays of Connecticut , whose reputation for occasionally bucking his party could n't keep him from losing to Democrat Jim Himes . Shays ' defeat leaves New England without any Republicans in the House . Shays was seeking his 11th full term . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , said Tuesday night she was confident Democrats would ride a "  wave " of pro-Democratic sentiment across the country and add to their House majority , though she declined to predict by how much . Watch Pelosi say Americans voted for change "  We have surfers to ride that wave , " Pelosi said at the Democratic National Committee headquarters in Washington , where she was watching election results . Here are highlights of other races with projected winners :  Democrats gained at least two seats in Ohio , including that of Rep. Steve Chabot , who was seeking an eighth term in a Cincinnati-area district that normally votes about evenly for GOP and Democratic presidential candidates . CNN projects that Chabot lost to Democrat Steve Driehaus . Just two years earlier , Chabot was re-elected with 52 percent of the vote despite an anti-Republican tide that helped Democrats capture Ohio 's governorship and take a U.S. Senate seat . Democrats also gained a seat left open by retiring Rep. Ralph Regula . Democrat John Boccieri defeated the GOP 's Kirk Schuring in the northeastern Ohio contest .  In New York , Democrats won three Republican seats , including two left open by incumbents not seeking re-election . In one of the open races , Democrat Mike McMahon won the last GOP-held seat in New York City , defeating the GOP 's Robert Straniere . Democrat Dan Maffei defeated Republican Dale Sweetland , who was trying to win a seat vacated by 10-term GOP Rep. Jim Walsh . In a rematch of a 2006 race , former naval officer Eric Massa beat GOP Rep. Randy Kuhl in a western New York district that generally votes Republican .  Freshman Rep. Michele Bachmann , R-Minnesota , was projected to survive a race that tightened after she made comments about Sen. Barack Obama last month . She was leading Democratic challenger Elwyn Tinklenberg 47 percent to 43 percent with 86 percent of precincts reporting . Bachmann set off a storm of criticism in October when she said Obama 's connection to 1960s radical William Ayers made her concerned that Obama may have anti-American views . Bachmann 's comments prompted a flood of fundraising for Tinklenberg .  In Florida , Democrats captured from Republicans two of the four seats that analysts thought they could win . Democrat Suzanne Kosmas defeated Rep. Tom Fenney , and Democrat Alan Grayson defeated Rep. Ric Keller . However , brothers and Republicans Lincoln Diaz-Balart and Mario Diaz-Balart , who represent districts in southern Florida , held off their Democratic challengers . Lincoln Diaz-Balart won a ninth term , defeating former Hialeah Mayor Raul Martinez .  Democratic incumbents were n't invulnerable in Florida . Rep. Tim Mahoney -- a south-central Florida Democrat elected to replace scandal-plagued GOP Rep. Mark Foley in 2006 -- lost to his Republican challenger , Tom Rooney . Mahoney already was going to have a tough race in his Republican-leaning district . But the race became tougher in mid-October with allegations that Mahoney had an affair with one of his aides and paid her thousands of dollars in hush money . Mahoney admitted to causing "  pain " in his marriage , but he denied paying the aide to keep quiet .  In Pennsylvania , Rep. John Murtha handily defeated Republican challenger William Russell . Republicans had hoped to defeat Murtha after he called his western Pennsylvania district "  a racist area " and "  redneck . "  The House 's third-ranking Republican , Rep. Adam Putnam of central Florida , was re-elected but wrote to his colleagues Tuesday night that he would n't run again for a leadership post , saying he wanted to return his focus "  to crafting public policy solutions for America 's generational challenges . " He is currently the GOP conference chairman .  In a heavily Republican district near Houston , Texas , Democratic Rep. Nick Lampson lost his re-election bid against Pete Olson . Lampson won the seat in 2006 after Republican and former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay resigned to fight state money laundering charges .  In Ohio 's 11th District , Democrats easily took a seat that was vacant since the death of Democratic Rep. Stephanie Tubbs Jones . Democrat Marcia Fudge defeated Republican Thomas Pekarek . Tubbs Jones , who represented the district that covers parts of Cleveland and its suburbs , died in August after brain hemorrhaging caused by an aneurysm .  The House 's first two Muslim members , Rep. Keith Ellison of Minnesota and Rep. Andre Carson of Indiana , won their contests Tuesday . Carson has won his first full term ; he had succeeded his grandmother , the late Rep. Julia Carson , in a March special election . Not all 435 seats will be decided immediately . Two Louisiana districts used Election Day for primary run-offs ; the general election for those seats will be December 6 .	Projections : House Dems take at least 21 GOP seats ; Republicans snatch four Reps. Chris Shays , Steve Chabot among Republicans losing seats House Speaker : Democrats will increase numbers Democrats gained control of House in 2006 elections after 12 years as minority
CNN  -- The iPad from Apple is the latest member of a new , multi-use generation of technology . It 's a book , it 's e-mail , it 's your social network or your office , it 's your music and your photos plus the apps for all of that . And the more ways we can use a device , the more we 'll want to take a look at how using it affects those around us . In a nutshell , that 's how "  old " etiquette is applied to new technology . If you have an iPad , here are a few places you might find yourself : First , be prepared for jealous looks , curious stares and questions from strangers . Do n't break it out in public unless you 're ready to play show and tell , and possibly share . "  Can I see it ? Can I touch it ? Can I try it ? " Know your answer , because like a proud momma with a new infant , all the old ladies will want to hold your baby . Have kids ? Set the rules for use first thing . Tell them it 's only for mommy 's or daddy 's work , or else be prepared to lose your latest spreadsheet when you walk in the door . Back at the office , think about your work culture . Will the iPad be a handy tool , Mr. Early Adopter , or overkill ? Be explicit with colleagues about what you 're using it for , such as taking notes or checking a calendar , so they do n't think you 're playing online Scrabble during your morning meeting . The reading feature is a huge component of iPad use , so feel free to pull it out during your morning commute . The upside : No more awkwardly folding your newspaper into a postage stamp . The downside ? People are bound to read over your shoulder ; until iPads are ubiquitous , curiosity will draw wandering eyes . When you 're with your family , equate iPad reading to the same choices you make with your books and magazines . For example , if your family is watching "  So You Think You Can Dance " but it is n't your thing , and you 'd be reading a magazine during the show regardless , fire up the iPad . Just consider dimming it if the room is dark . But if the idea is to spend quality time interacting with your family , put it away . Even if you think you 're paying attention , you wo n't look like it -- and that 's all that 's going to matter to your spouse . Without question , turn it off at the dinner table . Reading in bed is another time to think about dimming the iPad . Again , how will it affect others ? If their light is out , it 's time to dim . What about reading in the car ? It 's sad to have to spell this out , but never use it if you 're the driver ! Causing an accident is the ultimate rudeness , to say the least . You know what else is rude ? Getting carsick . No matter how excited you are to read the latest updates on Twitter , the laws of physics still apply . Have an iron stomach ? While catching up on "  CSI " may be a good idea , using headphones might be a better one if you 'll spoil it for the driver who ca n't watch . The internet abounds with free recipes , making the iPad handy in the kitchen . Greasy fingerprints on your new gadget are n't so nice , however . If you share your iPad with someone else , wipe it down after kitchen use . As for the bathroom , this debate may continue to rage as it does now for magazines . But since the iPad 's resting place in your home is n't likely to be the back of the toilet , this is the one time treating it like a magazine is n't such a hot idea . The iPhone has already created a debate with its access to answers anywhere , anytime . Need to know the capital of Bolivia to win an argument at the dinner table ? Pulling out your iPad may win you the debate , but trumping others this way may come off a bit know-it-all . Then again , it could be a huge success . The point of etiquette ? Know your audience , and think before you trump . Technology and etiquette have a fascinating intersection . Etiquette lets people know how to act in common -- and sometimes uncommon -- situations , and how to expect others to react . But the pace of technology is blazingly fast and creates new situations daily . So we have to apply a basic tenet of etiquette -- be considerate of those around us -- to constantly adapt to how we , as a society , want to use technology . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anna Post .	When taking out your iPad , be prepared for jealous looks , curious stares and questions Free recipes make the iPad handy in the kitchen , but greasy fingerprints are n't nice Have kids ? Set the rules for use first thing : Tell them it 's only for your work
Washington  CNN  -- Republican leaders on Wednesday named fiscal conservatives for their six picks for a new congressional "  super committee " charged with crafting a plan to reduce the country 's mounting deficits . In separate announcements , House Speaker John Boehner and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell filled the GOP spots on the 12-member bipartisan panel created in last week 's debt ceiling deal , passed by Congress and signed into law by President Barack Obama . Boehner , R-Ohio , chose Reps. Jeb Hensarling of Texas , Dave Camp of Michigan and Fred Upton of Michigan , while McConnell , R-Kentucky , picked Sens. Jon Kyl of Arizona , Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania and Rob Portman of Ohio . All six are known for conservative stances on economic issues . Hensarling is the Republican Conference chairman and will be co-chair of the panel with Democratic Sen. Patty Murray of Washington state , who was appointed Tuesday by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid . "  The debt crisis is a legitimate threat to our nation 's future , and the American people can not afford to wait any longer , " Hensarling said in a statement after his appointment . "  Everyone can agree that we must stop spending money we do n't have , and the time to act is now . " He added that the committee "  will not be able to solve the crisis in a matter of months , but we can work together to tackle these challenges in order to bring back jobs , hope and opportunity for the American people . " Toomey , despite his credentials of fiscal conservatism , noted Wednesday that he recently voted to eliminate the ethanol tax subsidy and believed there were other subsidies or loopholes that could be ended as part of broad tax reform . Many conservative Republicans oppose any moves that could increase tax revenue . "  The goal should be to broaden the base and lower rates so that we can create an environment that 's more conducive to economic growth , " he said . The committee will follow up on negotiations that started last year with the bipartisan debt commission appointed by Obama , then continued in Congress , including work by the so-called Gang of Six senators -- three Democrats and three Republicans . Both the debt commission and the other group recommended comprehensive packages that included tax reform , changes to politically sensitive entitlement programs such as Social Security and Medicare , and spending cuts . Obama will bring "  very specific ideas about " how "  the committee could come together in a balanced way to significantly reduce the deficit , " White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters Wednesday . Former Republican Sen. Alan Simpson of Wyoming , who co-chaired Obama 's debt commission , told CNN on Wednesday that the new special committee has plenty of information to work with and should n't need a lot of time for further collecting or analyzing of issues . Committee members "  do n't need to sit around here and gather more information , " Simpson said , adding that the actual negotiating is "  going to be tough . " Among the choices announced Wednesday , Camp is the House Ways and Means Committee chairman , while Upton chairs the House Energy and Commerce Committee . Upton has taken some moderate positions in the past , including attempts to decrease tax cuts in the George W. Bush administration that remain contentious today . In a statement Wednesday , Upton said that "  much more needs to be done to bring down health care costs , promote economic growth and begin to tame runaway government . " "  No one believes this is going to be easy , " he added . On the Senate side , Kyl , the No. 2 Republican behind McConnell , is a staunch advocate for the military , which is targeted for deep spending cuts if the special committee fails to come up with an agreement that passes Congress by the end of the year . Portman is a former White House budget director in the Bush administration with a reputation for working with Democrats . His fellow Ohio senator , Democrat Sherrod Brown , said Wednesday that Portman "  has shown a willingness to find common ground by looking at both tax reform and spending cuts in order to reduce the deficit . " Toomey , elected to his first Senate term last year with the support of tea party conservatives , sits on the Senate Budget and Banking Committee . He told reporters Wednesday that he expected the special committee to begin its work soon , and that it would require Republicans working with Democrats to succeed . "  It has to be an exercise in finding common ground between Republicans and Democrats , but it also has to be constructive with respect to reducing our deficit and it has to be pro-growth as well , " he said . A day earlier , Reid , D-Nevada , appointed Murray , Max Baucus of Montana and John Kerry of Massachusetts as his three Senate Democrat picks . Reid went with veteran legislators including a former Democratic presidential candidate in Kerry , the Foreign Relations Committee chairman and the more moderate Baucus , who chairs the Finance Committee and has fought Republican efforts to privatize Social Security . Reid named Murray , a war critic and champion of benefits for military veterans , the co-chair of the special committee . In a joint statement after their appointments , the three Democratic senators said that Americans want the committee to operate without "  the red-hot partisanship and brinkmanship of the last months . " "  This is not going to be easy . Our challenge is to find common ground without damaging anyone 's principles . We believe we can get there . This committee was designed to require bipartisanship , and we are going to work hard with our Republican colleagues to attain it , " their statement said . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , has yet to announce her three House Democrat choices . She has until Tuesday to complete the committee that will have six Democrats and six Republicans , equally divided between the House and Senate . The committee will try to work out $ 1.5 trillion in deficit reduction , after an initial round of more than $ 900 billion in spending cuts in the debt ceiling agreement . It is required to complete its work by November 23 . Congress then has until December 23 to vote on the proposal , with no amendments permitted . A simple majority on the panel -- seven of 12 members -- is needed to approve whatever package it comes up with , meaning that it will take a lone member of either party to push something through by voting with the other side . The committee 's proposal would then need a simple majority in each chamber of Congress to make it to Obama 's desk . If the committee fails to reach agreement or Congress fails to pass whatever package it recommends , a trigger mechanism will enact further across-the-board cuts in government spending , including for the military . Carney said Wednesday that Obama continued to call for a balanced approach that includes increased tax revenue , entitlement reforms and spending cuts . "  And we are not alone , " Carney said . "  The American people overwhelmingly support the balanced approach that the president supports . " According to a new CNN/ORC International Poll released Wednesday , 63 % of respondents say the so-called super committee should recommend increased taxes on higher-income Americans and businesses , with 36 % disagreeing . By a 57-40 % margin , respondents say the committee 's deficit reduction proposal should include major cuts in domestic spending . However , further cuts in defense spending get a mixed review , with 47 % favoring them and 53 % opposed . Nearly two-thirds of respondents oppose major changes to Social Security and Medicare , while nearly nine in 10 do n't want any increase in taxes on middle-class and lower-income Americans . Months of rancorous negotiations on deficit reduction have failed to resolve a fundamental dispute between Republicans and Democrats involving the size of government and whether to raise revenue while cutting spending . Obama is pushing for a comprehensive plan that includes spending cuts , increased tax revenue and entitlement reforms , while Republicans seek to shrink government by proposing spending cuts and entitlement reforms without increased revenue . An impasse over the tax revenue issue led to the debt ceiling agreement , which imposed the initial round of spending cuts and set up the special committee to work out further deficit reduction . The agreement also enables the federal debt ceiling to be increased through 2012 , allowing the government to borrow what it needs to meet its obligations . The brinkmanship of the negotiations , with uncertainty over whether the government might default if no deal was reached , was one reason why Standard & Poor 's downgraded the U.S. credit rating from AAA to AA + on Friday . One of the main Republican arguments against tax increases for the wealthy is that they would inhibit job creation . The poll results showed that only a third of respondents agree with that stance , while 62 % say taxes on the wealthy should be high so the government can use the money for programs to help lower-income Americans . The CNN poll was conducted by ORC International from Friday through Sunday , with 1,008 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey was conducted both before and after Friday night 's announcement of the S&P downgrade . The poll 's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points . Late Tuesday , Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus slammed Reid 's choice of Murray and asked the Senate leader to withdraw her appointment . "  Harry Reid 's appointment of Patty Murray to co-chair the Select Committee on Deficit Reduction is absolute proof that Democrats are not serious about deficit reduction , " Priebus said in a statement . "  As chair of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , Murray is the Senate Democrats ' fundraiser-in-chief . The Select Committee is no place for someone whose top priority is fundraising and politics . " CNN 's Dan Lothian and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	NEW : Carney says President Obama will offer ideas to the panel Sen. Toomey says he expects the committee to begin its work soon Boehner , McConnell announce their Republican choices for the panel A new poll shows most Americans back tax hikes for the wealthy
Hoylake  CNN  -- Rory McIlroy is one step away from golfing immortality , but it did n't come easily . Perhaps that is the way it should be , given the 25-year-old 's two-shot victory at the British Open has elevated him into exalted company . Only two players have completed three legs of a grand slam by that age -- Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods -- a potent pair with 32 majors between them . Sunday 's victory at Hoylake means it is only the U.S. Masters that eludes him , a tournament which inflicted such a cruel fate back in 2011 . When McIlroy wins majors , he usually wins big . His previous pair -- the U.S. Open in 2011 , and the U.S PGA Championship in 2013 -- had both been secured at a canter , eight shots the margin to second best . But not this time . Out in front by six shots at the start of the day McIlroy stumbled round the links , scrapping and clawing away at the course to maintain his advantage . His main challenger was n't playing partner Rickie Fowler but friend and Ryder Cup comrade Sergio Garcia , of Spain , who charged round the first 10 holes in five-under par . At one stage , McIlroy 's lead had been whittled to a mere two shots , but while the Spaniard 's nerve wobbled , McIlroy 's held . Just . Garcia took two shots to get out of a green side bunker on the 15th and McIlroy made a birdie on the 16th to stretch his lead to three . He could even afford to find a bunker on the last for a par-five to finish on 17-under for the championship . Garcia and Fowler finished tied for second on 15-under . "  There was a better player , " Garcia said after shooting an impressive 66 . "  It 's as simple as that . " Perhaps this leg of the hat-trick is the one that will give McIlroy greatest satisfaction , given he had to grind his way to the finish line amid the constant strain of pressure and expectation . His celebration was one that betrayed the relief he felt at getting the job done . Now all that is left is to conquer those demons at Augusta . After being presented with his prize , McIlroy told reporters : "  It feels absolutely incredible . "  I 'm happy I gave myself a cushion because there were a lot of guys coming at me especially Sergio and Rickie Fowler . "  Just to be sitting here and looking at this thing and having my name on it , is a great feeling . "  It has n't sunk in yet and I 'm going to enjoy it and let it sink in tonight in the company of my friends and family . " As the 25-year-old himself acknowledged on Saturday , there will be a mountain of hype when he heads to Augusta next April , but for now it is all about McIlroy 's transformation on the links . His British Open career was locked in reverse -- finishes of 25 and 60 were followed by a missed cut at Muirfield last year -- but all it took to arrest the decline was a spell of intense practice back at the place he learned the game . He told CNN prior to the tournament he had been honing his game on the links courses of his native Northern Ireland in preparation for an assault on golf 's oldest major . Whatever he did worked . Two opening rounds of 66 were followed by a 68 on Saturday when a scintillating salvo -- two eagles in his closing three holes -- had broken the back of the field and opened up a six-shot lead . Unless one of those within clawing distance could tear up the course and induce panic , McIlroy could cruise home on the banks of the Wirral Peninsula . It turns out , pretty much everyone did . His Sunday score was the worst of the top 13 finishers . While Fowler never managed to get within striking distance -- three late birdies helping him clamber back into joint-second -- Garcia ensured the threat of McIlroy running aground remained constant . Both birdied the opening hole as thunderous applause followed them down the first , ten minutes apart . But then McIlroy stumbled . Bogeys on five and six opened the door , and from the galleries following the group up ahead cheers were thick and frequent . Garcia , a long-standing crowd favorite , had three birdies to his name as he strolled off the fifth green , and the deficit stood at three . When McIlroy 's approach from the rough at seven pitched on the brow of the bunker and dropped back into the sand , a heavy groan from the gallery told its own story . He recovered to make his par then sunk a birdie chance at nine to balance his nerves . Trouble was , a monstrous roar up ahead signaled a Garcia eagle on 10 , and the clutch of Spaniards who had made the trip started to believe . Two fierce blows offered McIlroy the chance to hit straight back , and he duly did . By this stage Hoylake crackled with tension , as those following the final two groups relayed information to those around them while listening intently to their radios . A sea of Irish voices that had made their way across the narrow strait between the Emerald Isle and Merseyside became a little more desperate in their pleas . McIlroy offered further encouragement with a dropped stroke at 14 but a run of four consecutive pars , albeit on a tricky stretch of the course , frustrated Garcia -- still searching for his first major at the 63rd time of asking . His hopes expired on the par three 15th as he found a bunker and took two to emerge . McIlroy , watching from the tee , could breathe a little easier . Garcia duly birdied the par five 16th , little more than a gim me with a helpful wind blowing off the Dee Estuary , but McIlroy answered straight back with one of his own . By that stage the questions marks were slowly evaporating . A par back into the wind on the 17th was secured with a delicate chip from right of the green and though Garcia duly made birdie on the final hole , McIlroy knew the Open was all but his . Despite firing his approach on 18 into the bunker , he duly carved out his ball and rolled his birdie putt close , tapping in as some 7,000 people surrounding the green hailed their champion . It was the final shot of a day marked by more low scoring , with 64-year-old American Ryder Cup captain Tom Watson shooting a four-under 68 to finish one one-over . By contrast , former world number one Tiger Woods closed the tournament on six-over-par and in 69th , his worst ever finish at the oldest major .	Rory McIlroy wins British Open at Hoylake McIlroy finishes two shots clear of Sergio Garcia and Rickie Fowler Third major title for 25-year-old from Northern Ireland Tiger Woods records worst finish at British Open
Editor 's note : This is another in a series of Business Insider commentaries debunking common tech myths . Business Insider  -- Google loves to talk about how "  open " it is . But the reality is that it 's actually not always open ; only when it 's convenient to Google . And , anyway , "  open " is n't necessarily better . For example , Google especially loves to boast that its Android software for phones and tablets is "  open . " You 'd think that means that anyone would have control over their phones , to install all the apps they want , change the way it looks , and update to the latest version of Android . But that 's not what it means . It really means that Google 's close partners -- mobile operators and phone manufacturers , but not consumers -- can chop up Android to their liking . That 's why many new Android phones ship with pre-installed "  crapware " apps . It 's why some have shortcomings , like the inability to install apps that are n't from Google 's official app market . And it 's why most Android owners have to wait a long time for Android software updates -- if the updates are ever made available for their specific phones . Meanwhile , despite all the talk about Android being "  open , " there are even some things that Google 's huge Android partners ca n't change . For example , when Motorola wanted to swap out Google 's built-in location services on its Android phones for a competing service from a startup called Skyhook Wireless , Google effectively forced them to stop , according to a lawsuit that Skyhook filed against Google . What 's "  open " about allegedly forcing your partners to use Google 's tools and guidelines instead of competing tools ? Android is just one example . Google has recently been inconsistent about its definition of "  open " when it comes to web video technology , too . And if Google were really serious about being "  open , " they 'd share their search and advertising algorithms with the world . Now that would be "  open . " But of course Google would never do that -- that 's proprietary information that ca n't fall into the hands of competitors . Google has every incentive to keep its core business information "  closed , " and it will likely continue to . The more we look , the more we see that "  open " Google is really more like "  open when convenient or favorable to Google . " This is perfectly fine : Google is a for-profit company and can do whatever it wants . But anyone who thinks its actions are transparent or truly "  open " is pretending . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dan Frommer . Copyright  2010 Business Insider .	Google has been inconsistent when it comes to web video technology Many new Android phones ship with pre-installed "  crapware " apps Google is "  open " when it is convenient or favorable to Google -- which is their right
CNN  -- Work is under way to establish political stability in Egypt following the ouster of President Mohamed Morsy , the country 's interim foreign minister told the U.N. General Assembly on Saturday . Nabil Fahmy sought to assure the world that the temporary government is following a road map that will see nationwide elections by next spring . "  It has so far succeeded in establishing the principles of justice , freedom and democracy as a basis for governance , " said Fahmy , who is part of the temporary government established by Egypt 's military following Morsy 's ouster . "  This will be followed by parliamentary elections , then presidential elections , so that the transitional phase ends by next spring . " Fahmy 's statement to the world body comes amid concerns that the military-backed government has been moving to outlaw the Muslim Brotherhood , the Islamist group that rose to power following the overthrow of Hosni Mubarak in 2011 . Western nations , including the United States and Britain , have urged Egypt 's military-backed government to have an inclusive political process . All Egyptians may participate in the political process , Fahmy said , "  as long as they are committed to the renunciation of violence and terrorism and acts of incitement to them , " and follow the rule of law . The government is also determined to empower women and support its youth , Fahmy said . Hundreds of Muslim Brotherhood supporters have been killed and thousands more have been injured in clashes with the military and its supporters following the ouster of Morsy . Each side blames the other for stoking the violence . Morsy , who was backed the Muslim Brotherhood 's political arm , was the country 's first democratically elected president . But critics say he became increasingly authoritarian and forced through a conservative Islamist agenda during his year in power that alienated moderates . He is also blamed for failing to revive Egypt 's economy , which crashed when the 2011 uprising drove tourists away . Just a year into his presidency , there were mass demonstrations calling for his removal . After the Morsy ouster , Egypt 's military began to crack down on his party , the Muslim Brotherhood . The crackdown led to ferocious clashes in the streets of Cairo and other Egyptian cities , many of which have led to condemnation from the international community . Morsy , who was deposed by the military amid widespread protest over his rule , has been held in detention since early July . Less than a block away from where Fahmy spoke at the United Nations , dueling protests took place between Egyptians who support the government and those who back Morsy . "  Free , free Egypt ! Long live Egypt ! " shouted the pro-Morsy crowd , some of whom waved pictures of the ousted president . One placard read , "  Only in Egypt your vote never counts " and another read , "  No to massacre and martial law in Egypt . " Nearby were those who support the current government . As they chanted "  We love Egypt , " one person raised a sign saying "  Egyptians support our government in their war against terrorism . "	Egypt 's foreign minister says nationwide elections will be held by next spring Parliamentary elections will be held first , the foreign minister says That will be followed by presidential elections , he tells the United Nations
London  CNN  -- Andrei Filatov , chess expert and Russian billionaire , is turning his hand to a new business : Soviet-era art . Filatov , a 40-year old professional chess player and businessman , is investing in his love of Soviet Union art by scouting the world for pieces created behind the Iron Curtain . The Ukrainian-born businessman , valued by Forbes at $ 1.3 billion and ranked as Russia 's 68th richest person , has invested heavily in Russian infrastructure through his co-ownership of N-Trans Group . But over the last five years , he has spent $ 100 million collecting Soviet artworks , hoping to gather enough to eventually open a museum . Filatov 's pieces -- including 1951 's "  A Letter from the Front , " by Alexander Laktionov , 1930 's "  Daisies " by Nicolai Fechin and 1893 's "  Comrades " by Philip Maliavin -- have been collected from around the world , where they were scattered to gather dust after the fall of the Iron Curtain in 1991 . "  When the Soviet Union collapsed , a huge amount of great artworks were taken out of the country to the west and elsewhere , " Filatov says . "  My task is to buy these artworks and show them to people . " Laktionov is one of the Soviet Union 's most famed painters of the so-called socialist realist genre , which was sponsored by the state . He was commissioned by the USSR 's communist leader Joseph Stalin to create "  A Letter from the Front , " a warm depiction of a family receiving news from the front line . The original piece , painted in 1947 , won the Stalin Prize and remains in the Tretyakov State Gallery in Moscow . Filatov 's version , painted after Stalin requested a second version of the artwork to show to the world , was found by chance in the Bahamas by his art dealer , Rena Lavery . Despite being critiqued as propaganda for its representations of life under Stalin 's dictatorship , socialist realism has enjoyed a renaissance as those living in former Soviet countries seek artifacts from the previous era . For Filatov , "  A Letter from the Front " reminds him of his grandfather Alexey Pushkar , who died in 1943 as the Soviets fought the Germans in the bloody battles of the Eastern Front . He wo n't reveal how much the artwork cost but says it is an "  emotional painting " that allows him to imagine what it must have been like waiting for news from loved ones during wartime . Filatov was a student in Minsk when the Soviet Union fell and recalls being stunned by the news that his country did n't exist anymore . It was a "  love for the lost motherland , " that prompted him to start collecting the era 's art . Filatov says he is "  aware of what kind of empire I lived in , that many times this empire , the leaders put the world at risk of world war . " But , he adds , "  you ca n't not recognize the achievements of the Soviet Union . So I believe that the most important thing here is an objective view of the achievements , and the experience of that short and bright empire . " Lavery points to the technical achievements of the artists in fields such as realism and impressionism , despite living under a repressive regime . "  The artworks are reflections of the time and that era of a country that does n't exist any more , " she says . Filatov wants to collect up to 12 new artworks a year , primarily from the period 1917 to 1991 , for the Filatov Family Art Fund . He intends to loan the pieces to museums and art galleries , exhibit and promote around the world . Filatov has previously merged his love of chess and art by sponsoring this year 's World Chess Championship Match at Moscow 's Tretyakov Gallery . Filatov says he will continue to invest in art as long as his business -- which he built up in the 1990s and now straddles shipping , ports and infrastructure -- allows . And despite his interest in the past , Filatov says Russians have never "  lived more freely or prosperously than today . Never have our people been so free , not only in movement but in political choice . "	Andrei Filatov , chess expert and Russian billionaire , is turning his hand to a new business He is scouting the world for artworks done during the Soviet Union-era The era 's socialist realism genre has been enjoying a renaissance Filatov wants to collect up to 12 new artworks a year and promote them globally
CNN  -- "  Style -- all who have it share one thing : originality . " With her heavily rouged cheeks , hawk nose , fondness for costume jewelry and quotable musings delivered with a smoker 's rasp , Diana Vreeland is certainly regarded as an original . Under her editorial watch , some of the most iconic images of our times were published : The first picture of the Kennedys as a presidential couple in Harper 's Bazaar , Barbra Streisand 's pronounced profile on the cover of Vogue and 19-year-old up-and-comer Mick Jagger on the pages inside . Lisa Immordino Vreeland is the director of the new documentary "  Diana Vreeland : The Eye Has to Travel , " an intimate reflection and celebration of Diana Vreeland 's remarkable life and clout in the fashion scene . The film goes into limited U.S. release today . In 1936 , Vreeland was hired as the fashion editor for Harper 's Bazaar -- a position she would hold for 25 years before being named the editor-in-chief at Vogue . At 70 , after being fired from Vogue rather brusquely and disdainful of the idea of retirement , she became a special consultant to The Costume Institute at the Metropolitan Museum of Art until she died in 1989 . Lisa Immordino Vreeland is married to Alexander Vreeland , Diana 's grandson , but never got to meet Diana before she died . Immordino Vreeland spoke to CNN about the renowned tastemaker , her fabled life and how we could all dare to look at the world with a more astute eye . CNN : What made Vreeland 's concept of beauty so revolutionary ? Lisa Immordino Vreeland : I think that Diana Vreeland 's definition of beauty was so open because she was such an open person . I think she understood what low and high culture was , and I think that 's one of the most important outlooks that she had because beauty does n't have to be just physical . Beauty has to be deep down , it has to be soulful . It 's not about the dress you wear , it 's about the life you lead in the dress . I feel that is very important for what life is about . Beauty transcends fashion , and in a sense , she transcended fashion . For her , it was an awareness of people , of people 's personalities , and that was one of the most important aspects that she had . CNN : In the case of '60s icons such as Penelope Tree , Twiggy and Mick Jagger , she was known for seeing things in them before they saw it in themselves . She also was n't afraid of pushing people 's "  faults . " Why was this so significant ? Immordino Vreeland : I think it 's about being your true self . Whatever was real was what she was ultimately striving for . She was always looking at the layer underneath everything , even if that layer contained faults . For her , it was about the depth of a person that counted . She , of course , understood what real beauty was . For her , somebody like Penelope Tree , who was brought up in a good family in New York , she saw a girl under there that was totally different . She was not the normal beauty . She really represented the '60s , which was original thought . CNN : She once said of style , "  It helps you get down the stairs . It helps you get up in the morning . It 's a way of life . Without it , you 're nobody . I 'm not talking about lots of clothes . " What can people learn from Vreeland about this concept of personal style ? Immordino Vreeland : I think you 're going to have to go with yourself -- especially today when you travel throughout the world and you find all the same stores everywhere . When Diana was around , it was about when you go to Milan , you can get certain things . It was about having your own sense of identity and , for her , that 's what counts . It 's about how you 're living your life in that dress . It 's about the decisions that you 're making . If you 're comfortable with this , then everybody else should be comfortable with this . Do n't forget , she was not this remarkable beauty -- and that was one of her driving forces . She grew up with a mother who was very difficult -- she not only called her "  her ugly little monster " but then continued to challenge her . In fact , when she was married to Reed  Vreeland  , and he was just unbelievably handsome , the same day in the gossip columns in New York , it was announced that her mother was having a huge affair . So , all the attention was taken away from Diana Vreeland on her wedding day and put on her mother . She understood you have to trust yourself , believe in yourself and that , for me , is fundamentally what her message is . CNN : On "  The Dick Cavett Show " in the late '70s , Vreeland said , "  Fashion is part of the daily air and it changes all the time , with all the events . You can even see the approaching of a revolution in clothes . You can see and feel everything in clothes . " What do you think she meant by that ? Immordino Vreeland : It 's interesting because shoes and clothes are like this . You can see what 's going on in history through all of these things . It shows and marks what 's going on socially , culturally and politically during that time and in the end , when she was doing these shows at the Metropolitan Museum 's Costume Institute , she was educating us on those periods of history . If you look at the '60s , it 's clear it 's the '60s . If you look at Balenciaga , you know that it 's the '40s and the '50s . She 's making us aware that clothes show us so much more of history . CNN : Why do you think her legacy has remained relevant ? Immordino Vreeland : This is a message of life . This is the oracle side of her . She is talking about life , about passion , about being driven . We should n't be driven by ambition , but for a discovery of the world . I think that the title of the film , "  The Eye Has to Travel , " it 's about the mind traveling , it 's about having imagination , it 's about fantasy . And this is not anything that has to do with fashion ; she transcends fashion . This is about life . I think we could stand to be inspired . I think we 're living in such a moment of lack of inspiration ; I think it 's crazy . It 's not only because we 're all stuck behind computers all day , including myself . We 're not looking , we 're not observing , there 's so much more to life . She used fashion to give a message .	Diana Vreeland was a fashion editor for Harper 's Bazaar and editor-in-chief of Vogue . Vreeland advised Jackie O and fostered the careers of '60s "  it " girls Twiggy and Penelope Tree A new documentary , "  Diana Vreeland : The Eye Has to Travel , " follows the renowned style arbiter 's life
CNN  -- Wicked wintry weather that pummeled the West Coast is now barreling across the country , threatening to wreck millions of holiday travel plans just before Thanksgiving . Scores of car crashes and 12 fatalities are blamed on the storm . Nearly 200 flights out of Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport were canceled Monday , in addition to the nearly 300 canceled Sunday . Parts of Lubbock , known for its warmth and flatness , turned into a snowboarding park as several inches of snow covered the western Texas city . Sleet and freezing rain is possible beginning Tuesday from the southern Appalachians to parts of northern New England . And by midweek , the storm will start zeroing in on the Northeast , the National Weather Service said . And that could spell more travel nightmares . NOAA : Expect a dry winter in parts of Southeast , Southwest How cold is cold ? An Arctic air mass will probably keep temperatures 15 to 20 degrees below normal along the East Coast through Thursday . But even if the system fails to deliver heavy snow , fierce winds could still hamper air travel , forecasters said . Airlines flying in and out of Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport "  pre-canceled about 300 departures to reduce the number of stranded travelers " Sunday in anticipation of the harsh weather , the airport 's official Twitter account said . And 10 % of flights at Oklahoma City 's Will Rogers World Airport were also canceled because of the weather Sunday . Then there 's the ice . CNN meteorologist Chad Myers called it "  probably the biggest problem for this storm . " Massive rainfall , too The storm appeared to stall after it came over the Rocky Mountains , Myers said , but it is expected to pick up moisture from the Gulf and drop heavy rain as it runs up the East Coast . Heavy rain is expected to fall from Georgia on Monday night and over the Carolinas , with some sleet and snow mixed in for northern parts of that swath . The heaviest rain is expected across parts of Mississippi , Alabama , Georgia , Florida and South Carolina . By Tuesday , the rain will reach the mid-Atlantic states and parts of the Northeast . And that could turn into freezing rain in the southern and central Appalachians . Deadly road conditions Five people have died in weather-related crashes in Texas , the Texas Highway Patrol said Monday . Sgt. Chris Ray said half of his deputies handled 71 accidents over the weekend , and that number will rise when the other deputies report accident totals . The central Texas Panhandle seemed to be hardest hit , he said . Three of those killed in Texas were in a pileup on icy Interstate 40 in northwest Texas late Friday , Ray said . One of them was a man who got out of his car to help , and got struck . And at least 20 people were hospitalized from collisions within three miles of the fatal pileup , the Oldham County Sheriff 's office said . Four people have died in Oklahoma since Friday , Betsy Randolph of the state 's Department of Public Safety said . In each case , the driver was going too fast for conditions , she said . Randolph said only one of those killed was wearing a seat belt . Two people died in New Mexico in dangerous road conditions . A 4-year-old girl who was not properly restrained was killed Friday when the car she was riding in slid off icy U.S. Highway 70 , the state 's Department of Public Safety said . On Saturday , a woman in her 50s died when the pickup that she was riding in rear-ended a semi-truck in heavy traffic near Gallup , New Mexico , state police said . In Arkansas , authorities investigated 18 crashes in a two-mile section of Interstate 540 Monday morning , according to Lance King , troop commander for state police . The largest was a three-car pileup . Three people were transported from the scene , and there were no fatalities , he said . In Yuba County , California , a 52-year-old died when a tree fell on top of a vehicle Thursday , the county sheriff 's office said . When will this storm end ? By Thanksgiving Day , the storm will be giving the Northeast a layer of snow . But much of the country will enjoy calm Thanksgiving weather -- even if it 's a little more frigid than usual . Fewer people traveling for Thanksgiving CNN 's Joe Sutton , Indra Petersons , Judson Jones , Adam Shivers and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	A dozen deaths are blamed on the weather across several states Nearly 200 flights canceled Monday at Dallas-Fort Worth airport Sleet and freezing rain will cover parts of the southern Plains and Rockies The storm will make a turn toward the Northeast this week
CNN  -- Authorities arrested the governor of the Central Bank of Kosovo on Friday after searching his house and office as part of a corruption investigation , the European Union Rule of Law Mission said in statement . A prosecutor authorized the arrest of Hashim Rexhepi after the search , which the statement said was connected with an investigation into allegations of abusing official position or authority , accepting bribes , tax evasion , trading in influence and money laundering . In addition to Rexhepi 's home and the bank , police also searched a private company and the homes of three other suspects , the statement said . It did not provide further details about the allegations . Pieter Feith , the European Union 's special representative in Kosovo , has said corruption is a significant problem there . "  The major obstacles to desperately needed foreign investment are the interlinked issues of weak governance , widespread corruption and the breaches in rule-of-law , " Feith said during prepared remarks before a European Parliament committee in June . On Thursday , the International Court of Justice ruled that Kosovo 's declaration of independence from Serbia in February 2008 was legal . The Central Bank of Kosovo was established in June 2008 . Serbia maintains Kosovo 's move for independence was illegal and that it remains a part of the Serbian republic .	Officials say Hashim Rexhepi was arrested after investigators searched his home Police also searched the homes of three others suspects The investigation includes allegations of accepting bribes and money laundering
CNN  -- Thirty states are reporting high levels of flu-like illness , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . That number is a slight uptick from last week 's report . All but two states are reporting widespread flu activity , according to the CDC . "  Widespread " means that more than 50 % of geographic regions in a state -- counties , for example -- are reporting flu activity . It addresses the spread of the flu , not its severity . The new report uses data collected by the CDC up through January 12 . The overall number of people being treated in outpatient facilities appears to be going down , said Dr. Thomas Frieden , the CDC 's director . However , in the West , where the flu season started later , the number of cases is expected to grow . Hospitalizations for the elderly have also gone up significantly , according to the report . About 90 % of flu-related deaths occur in those over 65 . The CDC expects the number of hospitalizations and deaths to continue to rise . "  It 's a worse than average  flu  season , and it 's a bad year for the elderly , " Frieden said . Nine additional pediatric deaths have been reported since last week , bringing the total since the flu season began to 29 . The CDC does not count the number of flu-related adult deaths . The United States is about halfway through the typical 12-week flu season , Frieden said , but the agency is not sure when it will peak . "  The only thing predictable about the flu is , it 's unpredictable . " Vaccination The flu vaccine is far from perfect -- it 's about 62 % effective this year -- but it 's the best prevention tool there is , Frieden said . Despite reports of shortages of the flu shot , vaccine manufacturers CNN last week plenty is available for those who want it . The Food and Drug Administration has approved a vaccine from seven manufacturers , according to Dr. Margaret Hamburg , the FDA commissioner , who "  collectively produced 145 million doses " of flu vaccine for this season . "  This is twice the supply that was available only several years ago , " Hamburg said . Genentech , which makes the antiviral drug known as Tamiflu Oral Suspension , had reported temporary delays in new shipments , but it is working with the FDA to release its reserve stock . The packaging on this reserve medication may appear different even though the drug is the same . "  With the addition of these reserve supplies , we anticipate having sufficient supply of Tamiflu capsules to meet demand for this flu season , " a Genentech statement said . Given within the first couple of days of infection , Tamiflu OS can ease flu symptoms and shorten the duration of the illness . The drug is typically prescribed for children younger than 13 or for people who have trouble swallowing pills . Common flu vaccine misconceptions If you get the flu The type of flu going around this year is called H3N2 . People are more likely to get complications from this particular strain , which could make them ill for a longer period of time . If you get the flu , do n't panic , said Dr. David Zich , internal medicine and emergency medicine physician at Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago . Most patients should not go to an emergency room . Just get plenty of rest and take painkillers to help with muscle aches , Zich said . Symptoms typically last up to seven days for a normal flu infection . There are scenarios in which going to a hospital is necessary . If a patient is short of breath or ca n't keep fluids down because of nausea , these are signs of a problem that needs immediate attention , Zich said . Excessive vomiting or sweating from fever can lead to dehydration , which is serious and requires treatment . Very young children , senior citizens and people with underlying health conditions should also see their doctor , the CDC 's Frieden said . They are the populations most susceptible to serious illness . "  Rapid treatment in the first 48 hours can make a big difference , " he said . What to do if you have the flu CNN 's Miriam Falco and Jacque Wilson contributed to this report .	All but two states are reporting widespread flu activity , according to CDC Hospitalizations for the elderly have gone up significantly Twenty-nine pediatric deaths have been reported since the start of the flu season
CNN  -- Former workers at a California slaughterhouse involved in one of the largest meat recalls in years have been charged with knowingly processing and distributing meat from cancerous cows , according to court documents released Monday . Jesse J. Amaral Jr. , also known as "  Babe Amaral , " was the former President and General Manager of the Rancho Feeding Corporation in Petaluma . He and his former employees , Felix Sandoval Cabrera and Eugene Corda , have all been charged with conspiring to sell and distribute "  adulterated , misbranded , and uninspected " meat . Prosecutors allege that Amaral directed Corda and Cabrera to circumvent inspection procedures for certain cows with signs of epithelioma of the eye , also known as "  cancer eye . " This included directing employees to carve "  USDA Condemned " stamps out of certain cow carcasses and to process them for sale and distribution , despite having been rejected by the U.S. Department of Agriculture veterinarian . Corda and Cabrera are also alleged to have replaced the heads of sick cows with those of healthy ones , placing the healthy heads next to the bodies of cows whose eyes had signs of cancer . The switch occurred during the inspectors ' lunch break , prosecutors said . Massive recall Between January 2013 and January 2014 , Rancho processed and distributed meat from approximately 101 condemned cattle and approximately 79 cancer eye cows , according to court documents . Nearly 9 million pounds of meat from the Rancho plant was recalled in February . The recalled beef may have reached 35 states and Guam , the Department of Agriculture said . Nestle USA also issued a voluntary recall in February of some types of Hot Pockets , saying that it had determined that "  a small quantity of meat from Rancho was used at Nestle 's Chatsworth , California , production operation , " which is devoted entirely to Hot Pockets sandwiches . Maximum sentence of 20 years Amaral is also charged with sending false invoices to farmers , telling them that their cattle had died or been condemned and charging them "  handling fees " for disposal of the carcasses , instead of compensating them for the sale price , prosecutors said . If convicted , Amaral , Cabrera , and Corda could face up to 20 years imprisonment and $ 250,000 in fines . CNN 's attempts to reach the former workers and an attorney representing them were unsuccessful . An attorney for Amaral , Jeffrey Borstein , told CNN in May that his client did n't intend to hurt anyone . "  He takes responsibility for mistakes in judgment that were made . He made mistakes in judgment , " Bornstein said . "  He regrets not being better able to recognize , respond and stop some of these alleged bad practices earlier . He 's extremely remorseful . " USDA investigation In June , after a CNN report exposed issues surrounding the beef recall , the U.S. House of Representatives authorized $ 1 million in additional funding to "  provide for a swift completion " of the Department of Agriculture 's investigation into the Rancho Feeding Corporation . Cabrera was a foreman responsible for Rancho 's "  kill floor , " where cattle were slaughtered , and Corda worked to receive and transport cattle for inspection and slaughter . The plant has since been sold . Opinion : Recalls and near misses -- Who 's protecting us ? CNN 's Chris Frates and Shannon Travis contributed to this report .	Former workers at a California slaughterhouse have been indicted They are accused of distributing "  adulterated , misbranded , and uninspected " meat Prosecutors allege that the workers processed cows with signs of "  cancer eye " Authorities recalled nearly 9 million pounds of meat from the slaughterhouse in February
CNN  -- James Cameron unveiled his much-hyped , wildly-anticipated 3D sci-fi epic "  Avatar " to audiences in full in London Thursday . Here 's what the critics are saying about the Oscar-winner 's first outing since "  Titanic , " the most successful film of modern times . Todd McCarthy , Variety : The King of the World sets his sights on creating another world entirely in "  Avatar , " and it 's very much a place worth visiting . ... delivers unique spectacle , breathtaking sights , narrative excitement and an overarching anti-imperialist , back-to-nature theme that will play very well around the world ... " Mike Goodridge , Screen International : ... once again takes cinema to a new level of remarkable spectacle ... An epic film born entirely of Cameron 's imagination , "  Avatar " uses tailor-made technology to create the most astonishing visual effects yet seen on screen and blends them seamlessly into a mythical sci-fi story about an ancient alien civilization fighting the encroaching human menace . It 's an unprecedented marriage of technology and storytelling which is on the whole remarkably successful . Chris Hewitt , Empire : It 's been twelve years since "  Titanic , " but the King of the World has returned with a flawed but fantastic tour de force that , taken on its merits as a film , especially in two dimensions , warrants four stars . However , if you can wrap a pair of 3D glasses round your peepers , this becomes a transcendent , full-on five-star experience that 's the closest we 'll ever come to setting foot on a strange new world . Wendy Ide , The Times : "  Avatar " is an overwhelming , immersive spectacle . The state-of-the-art 3D technology draws us in , but it is the vivid weirdness of Cameron 's luridly imagined tropical otherworld that keeps us fascinated . At times it verges on the tacky , like a futuristic air freshener advertisement with the color contrast turned up to the max . The ethically accented orchestral score certainly does n't help matters . But mostly , it 's a place of wonder full of exotically freakish animal composites -- iridescent lizard birds , hammer-headed rhinos -- and sentient vegetation . "  Avatar : " We should n't really be telling you this -- but it 's good . Mark Brown , The Guardian : Perhaps most surprising was the politics . At one stage the deranged general leading the attack , with echoes of George Bush , declares : "  Our survival relies on pre-emptive action . We will fight terror with terror . "	James Cameron 's "  Avatar " had its world premiere in London yesterday The 3D sci-fi epic goes on public release worldwide on December 18 Read what the critics have said said so far
CNN  -- It 's an unforgiving place , 45,000 feet above the Earth . It 's brutally cold up there , as low as 59 degrees below zero , and there 's so little air to breathe , it takes just seconds to pass out . It 's at least 10,000 feet above the typical cruising altitude for a passenger jet , a full 3 miles above the peak of Mount Everest , and a staggering 6 miles higher than your typical skydiving altitude . This is where SpaceShipTwo disintegrated Friday , high above the Southern California desert . Pilot Peter Siebold survived the crash . Co-pilot Michael Tyner Alsbury died . Why one died and the other lived is unknown , said CNN aviation consultant Miles O'Brien . "  There 's a million things , " he said . "  What 's amazing is that Siebold is alive , " he said . "  There must be an amazing story of either luck or sheer will that he 's living . " Whatever happened , it 's a sure bet the pilots thought about and trained for failures similar to the one that caused the experimental craft to break up , he said . "  Everything about test flying is , ` What 's going to go wrong now , ' " O'Brien said . Test pilots , by definition , work in extreme environments . They 're always chasing some superlative -- higher , faster , never done -- usually in unproven aircraft fresh off the design board . And they often do it with a minimum of survival gear , which adds complication and weight to airframes under testing , O'Brien said . Like the space shuttle and other spacecraft before that , SpaceShipTwo did n't have ejection seats , O'Brien said . To escape a disintegrating , spinning craft , its pilots might have to claw their way along a rope mesh to escape . And while they wore helmets with oxygen , they were n't dressed in full-pressure suits -- not that it would have probably meant much in this case , O'Brien said . After all , Siebold survived without one . Still , the thin air makes quick reactions crucial . At 45,000 feet , pilots who lose their masks or oxygen canisters can expect to have nine to 15 seconds of effective performance time before the lack of oxygen takes hold , according to the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association . And while some on the ground are looking up , questioning the value of expending human life on commercial spaceflight , the test pilots themselves have a different perspective , as Virgin Galactic owner Richard Branson told CNN 's Poppy Harlow on Monday . "  Yes , the risk is worth it , " Branson said . "  And as I say , Mike would have been the first to say that . I 'm sure his parents and his wife and his sisters would not say that , but test pilots would say that because they know the risk they 're taking . That they know the importance of what they 're doing . " O'Brien , who has been critical of the ease with which Branson and others have portrayed future space travel , agreed . "  These guys go into it completely with their eyes wide open , " he said . "  There 's always going to be people who want to do that . " CNN 's Holly Yan , Susannah Cullinane , Ric Ward , Rosalina Nieves , Mayra Cuevas , Mike Ahlers and Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report .	Experimental craft SpaceShipTwo broke up at 45,000 feet , amid cold , thin air At such altitudes , pilots can pass out in seconds from lack of oxygen Test pilots think about such contingencies but launch with minimal safety gear
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- In the 6-1/2 years Htein Lin spent in Myanmar prisons between 1998 and 2004 , he produced an estimated 250 paintings . He credits prison guards with helping to save most of his work . Htein Lin stands beside "  Red September Memory , " which alludes to last year 's Myanmar protests and Buddhism . They became his audience during his time in prison . In what Htein Lin called "  the smuggling painting project , " he said eight to 10 guards provided him with house paint , acrylics , or colored powder from the prison factory where inmates made items . They were too scared to provide a brush , however ; so , Htein Lin improvised by resorting to his fingers , hands , soap , sometimes his face . His canvases were his dinner plate and white cotton prison uniforms . It was while working on the cotton uniforms , the absorbency of which made controlling lines difficult , that Htein Lin discovered monoprinting as a useful technique . He would take his dinner plate , apply glue and color to its backside , use his finger as a brush , and then press the finished image against the cotton . Htein Lin would show the prison guards his paintings , explain their meaning and solicit their opinions : "  How do you feel ? " he 'd ask . "  One year later , they appreciate my art , " he said . The more paints they brought , the more he painted , and this was how he was able to prove he was an artist , not a politician , Htein Lin said . Eventually , the guards would want to share the secret with their friends , other guards . And this is how the "  network " grew , Htein Lin said . These men took a big risk , facing demotion or possible imprisonment themselves , but their jobs were for a living , not for any particular belief , Htein Lin explained . Moreover , there was some relish for the secrecy of "  the game . " Today , most of those cloth paintings are housed in Amsterdam , Netherlands , at the International Institute of Social History , a repository for documents concerning the Myanmar opposition movements . In the past year , Htein Lin , now 41 , has rendered those same images onto canvas , a dozen of which have been the focus of an exhibition at the Karin Weber Gallery in Hong Kong , China . His work next heads to exhibition at the Quest Gallery in Bath , England , from mid-May to early July . His "  The Cell " series shows the use of plate bottoms , his hands and blocks -- the same tools he used while in prison . In "  The Cell 6 , " a single white line is used to trace the body of the prisoner as well as the walls of his prison , while smaller blocks of prisoners surround it . Further inscribed is a window with bars . The original cloth "  prison paintings " are not for sale , however . Htein Lin was imprisoned for a month in Rangoon , two years at Mandalay Prison , and 4-1/2 years at Myaungmya Prison in the south . He was sentenced after being charged on the basis of a letter by a "  former comrade " listing him as a potential recruit for Burmese opposition events in 1998 , the 10-year anniversary of landmark democracy protests , according to Htein Lin . Although he was involved in the 1988 democracy protests as a young law student , his arrest occurred when he was not involved in politics , he said in a follow-up e-mail . "  I was making a living as an artist and an actor . " "  You are very nice . Why are you in prison ? " he recalled the prisoner guards as asking . They tended to be uneducated and had little knowledge of politics much less art , Htein Lin said . Some prison guards would ask , "  Could you write a very lovely poem to my girlfriend ? " or "  Can you do a design for my tattoo ? " Htein Lin said . "  So I draw for them . " Htein Lin , who performed in the streets in Yangon before his arrest , would also keep an eye out for prisoners about to be released ; he wanted their prison uniforms . Many uniforms were used for portraits of other political prisoners , of Aung San Suu Kyi , and of Htein Lin 's father , who died while the son was still in prison . Eventually , Htein Lin had to get rid of the paintings he was accumulating to avoid attracting attention from the prison superiors . The most he had in his cell were 10 . As he befriended his guards , beseeching them to safeguard his paintings until his release , they would haul away the works in bags that carried prisoners ' scraps for the pets at home , Htein Lin said . The cloth would be folded so as not to be dirtied . In one instance , however , a sergeant who 'd agreed to smuggle paintings out of prison got very confused while looking at them and thought they included a map of a prison , Htein Lin said . "  He destroyed 20 of my paintings . " In 2005 , a year after Htein Lin 's release from Myaungmya , one guard came to Htein Lin 's solo exhibition in Yangon featuring the cotton paintings he did during his prison years . The guard felt pride , Htein Lin said . The exhibition was called "  00235 , " the prisoner number Htein Lin was assigned by the International Committee of the Red Cross during its visits . Just weeks ago , Htein Lin painted "  Twenty Years On , " which unites the history of the 1988 pro-democracy movement and the pro-democracy protests in August and September of last year . Rimming three borders of the paintings are feathers of the "  fighting peacock , " the longtime symbol for Burmese students later adopted for the flag of the National League for Democracy , the party of Aung San Suu Kyi . The painting took him a couple days . Gallery owner Karin Weber said she offered him a solo exhibition right after hearing him give a talk last year . "  Clearly , his art is formed by his prison experience . But what I like about him is his realization that he needs to move away from this ... in order to develop as an artist , " she said . Since moving to London , where he lives with his wife , former British Ambassador to Myanmar Vicky Bowman , he 's painted a series of three "  How do you find London " paintings in response to questions about his new city . The series "  How do you find Venice " was painted for the Venice Biennial in which he participated last year . Other cities he 's traveled to and roads he 's traveled on since he left Myanmar have been rendered in paint , an activity he enjoys while his wife is driving , Htein Lin said .	Eight to 10 guards provided paints to Htein Lin , smuggled his paintings out of prison Htein Lin said he was able to use art to demonstrate he is an artist , not a politician Original cloth paintings not for sale ; were rendered onto canvas now on exhibition One guard destroyed 20 paintings , thinking one showed a prison map , Htein Lin said
CNN  -- With the first round of voting over , Egypt 's ruling Freedom and Justice Party declared Sunday that citizens had given their thumbs-up to a controversial draft constitution . But a coalition of 123 local rights groups that monitored the Saturday referendum alleged widespread abuses . And the nation 's electoral commission acknowledged that it received -- and will investigate -- complaints of voter intimidation , bribery and other violations . The commission said it would not announce official results until after second phase of voting December 22 . But that did n't stop President Mohamed Morsy 's Freedom and Justice Party  FJP  from claiming that 56.6 % of the ballots were in favor of the draft ; while 43.5 % rejected it . Read more : Egyptians vote on controversial constitution The big turnout in Alexandria -- Egypt 's second most populous city and a stronghold of conservative Muslims -- appears to have made a big difference in tilting the preliminary results towards a ` yes ' vote , party members said . "  The democratic process in this first phase of this referendum ... stresses the people 's desire to reach political and constitutional stability , despite all the unjust and harsh smear campaigns , " the party statement said . "  The process took place in an atmosphere full of integrity , transparency , and under full judicial supervision as well as presence of local and international media and human rights groups . " Ten of the nation 's 27 provinces voted in the referendum Saturday . The remaining provinces will hold their referendum in the second round . "  There were cases of voter intimidation , delaying the voting process , and early closure of some voting centers with no clear reasons , " the Egyptian Coalition for Monitoring Elections said in a statement late Saturday . The government-funded National Council for Human Rights backed up some claims of minor violations , including early closure of voting stations . A rocky road to referendum The path to the referendum has been marred by violent incidents on both sides as well as extensive institutional and political power struggles . President Morsy and his allies have rushed the document to a popular vote . Sentiments about the national charter have been split down the same political lines of those who support the president and those who oppose him and have been equally as heated . Those opposed to it feel it contains subtle wording that limits rights and gives too much political power to religious figures and institutions . Many in the opposition called earlier for a boycott of the referendum , but most swung around to urging citizens to turn out and vote "  no . " Liberal opposition leader Mohamed ElBaradei -- better known globally than in his native Egypt due to his former role as head of the International Atomic Energy Agency -- is one of them . "  Is holding the referendum under improper judicial supervision , clear lack of security , and violations the road to stability ? or is it playing with the nation 's fate ? Responsibility comes with Governance , " he tweeted late Saturday . Supporters of the draft constitution herald what they say is its protection of personal rights , especially its provisions on handling of detainees in the judicial system , which made capricious use of its powers under deposed autocratic president Hosni Mubarak . Hassan el-Shafie , a senior cleric and member of the Constituent Assembly that drafted the constitution , called opposition to the document "  purely political , " saying the highest Islamic institution in the land "  has made it ultimately clear that the country must be a modern democratic nation . " International rights group Human Rights Watch says the draft constitution "  protects some rights but undermines others . " It "  fails to end military trials of civilians or to protect freedom of expression and religion , " it said in a statement . Egypt 's Christian leaders have neither come out for or against the constitution , but instead encouraged believers to vote their own conscience . Read more : Egypt and the Middle East 's struggle for rule of law A controversial edict The rocky road to the referendum began when judges threatened to shut down the assembly tasked with drafting the constitution . President Morsy then issued an edict in late November declaring all of his past and present decisions immune from judicial review until the holding of the constitutional referendum . He also sacked the head of the judiciary . The judicial system has many in its ranks who are loyal to former autocratic President Hosni Mubarak . The Islamist president 's opposition saw the exceptional move as a grab for dictatorial powers and poured into the streets , converting Tahrir Square in central Cairo back into the center of public discontent it had been during the uprising that brought down Mubarak . The president has since dropped his provocative decree going forward , but the situation has remained tense , and violence has continued . Morsy 's Islamist allies rushed the drafting of the constitution to completion , which some saw as a tactic to allow him to drop his controversial edict more quickly . Others feared it to be another grab for power . Non-Islamist assembly members quit the process , which served to increase suspicion against the Islamists . The outcome of the election and the unrest associated with it are important to the stability of volatile North Africa and the Middle East -- where Egypt is a key player -- and the situation is being watched closely around the world . Egyptian news agency : Mubarak hurt in prison bath fall	The election commission wo n't announce official results until after December 22 The FJP says 56.6 % of the ballots were in favor of the draft 10 of the nation 's 27 provinces voted in the referendum Monitoring groups allege irregularities
CNN 's John King and other top political reporters empty out their notebooks each Sunday on ` Inside Politics ' to reveal five things that will be in the headlines in the days , weeks and months ahead . Rand Paul 's personal GOP rebranding effort , a couple of feuds in the GOP family , Democratic worries about voting restrictions and White House anger at a former Obama Cabinet member made for an action-packed trip around the "  Inside Politics " table . 1 . Graham to Rubio : You are n't ready . And then , take two Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina tells The Weekly Standard he might run for president in 2016 . OK , that hardly makes him unique . But he says one reason is because the GOP needs a hawkish voice in the mix , and he does n't see Florida Sen. Marco Rubio as up to the challenge . Read the interview , and it 's clear Graham thinks his colleague from Florida is too young and too worried , Graham says , about offending the party 's conservative base . It 's all there in writing . But Jonathan Martin of The New York Times tells us the story does n't end there . Graham , a Southern gentleman after all , apparently felt compelled to call and explain . "  Sen. Graham actually called Rubio World and suggested that he got a little bit over his skis and was n't trying to diss Sen. Rubio and that he was taken out of context there , " Martin said . "  So I think this is one of those examples , John , when you say something to a reporter and you see it in print and then you want that one back . " 2 . Rand and the GOP brand Sen. Rand Paul makes no secret of the fact he thinks the GOP needs an image makeover if it wants to be competitive in presidential politics . He is trying to build bridges to the African-American community and spends a lot of time on college campuses . The question is , will his views hurt him among social conservatives who have outsized influence in some early presidential battlegrounds ? This past week , Paul said he did not oppose birth control , including the so-called Plan B morning after pill many Christian conservatives consider tantamount to abortion . And in an interview with CNN 's Peter Hamby , Paul also opened the door to , like President Obama , evolving away from his opposition to same-sex marriage . "  I mean , people change their minds all the time on this issue , and even within the Republican Party , there are people whose child turns out to be gay , and they 're like , ` oh , well , maybe I want to rethink this issue , ' " Paul said . "  So it 's been rethought . The President 's rethought the issue . So I mean , a lot of people have rethought the issue . " "  You could rethink it at some point , too ? " Hamby asked him . He shrugged and gave a half-grimace . So stay tuned on this potential "  evolution . " 3 . Good for book sales but not so good for Obama Margaret Talev of Bloomberg News shared reporting on White House concerns about the latest insider account from a former Obama loyalist . Leon Panetta , the former defense secretary and CIA chief , writes in a new book that Obama did n't make much of an effort to overcome Iraqi resistance to leaving a residual U.S. military force in the country . "  Those on our side viewed the White House as so eager to rid itself of Iraq that it was willing to withdraw rather than lock in arrangements that would preserve our influence and interests , " Panetta said in an excerpt from his new book , "  Worthy Fights . " And there is more . Veteran diplomat Chris Hill also has a new book that levels criticism at both Obama and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . We know Vice President Joe Biden does n't like this trend . "  I 'm finding that former administration officials , as soon as they leave , write books , which I think is inappropriate , " Biden said Thursday . "  At least give the guy a chance to get out of office . " So after a couple of days touting good economic news , Talev notes , the White House will be forced to pivot back to a more controversial topic . "  We 'll see President Obama in the coming week really back on the defensive about his foreign policy , " Talev said . "  This is all happening at a time when President Obama is dealing with this nightmare on the Ebola crisis and does not want his  National Security Council  staff pulled off to the side to deal with this , but it really could be a problem for Obama 's legacy , has the potential to hurt midterms and very interesting to see how Hillary handles it so that is not something that dogs her before 2016 . " 4 . Turnout matters , and Democrats see obstacles in new restrictions Democrats know their best odds in this difficult midterm election year depend on getting their base voters -- including African-Americans and Latinos -- to turn out in percentages higher than the historical averages . But The Atlantic 's Molly Ball says some Democrats are nervous because of voting restrictions that just happen to be in some of the key 2014 battlegrounds . "  They 've put so much emphasis on the ground game , they 've put so much emphasis on trying to bring in new voters in a midterm year , but in a lot of states , there are new voting restrictions going into effect -- in states like Kansas , which is suddenly in play , and North Carolina , the voter ID got thrown out of court , but they still restricted the voting hours , " Ball said . "  And so Democrats are starting to worry that in these elections that are going to be so close , it 's going to be a real problem for them . " 5 . In N.H. , some Republicans see hardball unfolding after Boehner snub Just 10 days ago , House Speaker John Boehner went to New Hampshire and raised some money for GOP congressional candidate Marilinda Garcia , a state senator who is trailing but in a close race against a Democratic incumbent . In a radio interview a few days after the Boehner visit , Garcia refused to commit to voting for the speaker if , as promised , he seeks another term in January . Now , several New Hampshire Republicans say they are hearing the National Republican Congressional Committee , the GOP campaign arm run by Boehner deputies , is letting it be known it wo n't spend in the 2nd Congressional District in the final month of the campaign . Can we connect those dots ? Is it just a tough resource decision ? Or a misunderstanding ? We 'll keep an eye on it . Interesting , because the GOP does have a chance at a few race pickups in New England . POST-SHOW UPDATE : Camp Garcia reached out after the show Sunday to clear things up -- and to give an unequivocal response to the question the candidate did not directly answer on the radio show . "  Marilinda is focused on running her race and talking about the issues relevant to New Hampshire voters , not inside-the-Beltway politics , " Garcia campaign manager Tom Szold told CNN . "  But she fully intends to support John Boehner for Speaker if she is elected to Congress in November . " That should put to rest any understanding . Now we 'll see if the NRCC helps out in the final month .	Sen. Lindsey Graham calls Sen. Marco Rubio camp to walk back "  not ready " 2016 remarks Sen. Rand Paul is opening the door to a potential "  evolution " on same-sex marriage White House concerns about former officials ' tell-alls
Magic Johnson has some advice for Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling : Sell the team , take the money and enjoy the rest of your life . A day after Sterling appeared on CNN slamming the NBA legend 's character , his battle with HIV and his community outreach efforts , Johnson said Tuesday that he feels sorry for the 80-year-old billionaire . "  It 's sad . It really is . I 'm going to pray for this ... man , " Johnson told CNN 's Anderson Cooper in an exclusive interview . Sterling 's explosive CNN interview that aired Monday night was the first time he had spoken publicly since audio recordings surfaced last month of him making racist remarks . Reaction to the taped remarks came fast and furious , and the NBA responded with a lifetime ban for Sterling . Johnson became an involuntary figure in the controversy after Sterling named him in the leaked recording . "  Admire him , bring him here , feed him , f**k him , but do n't put  Magic  on an Instagram for the world to have to see so they have to call me , " Sterling is heard telling friend V. Stiviano . Johnson told Cooper he is still waiting for an apology from Sterling for getting roped into Sterling 's fight with Stiviano , and Johnson called the Monday interview -- in which Sterling directed another tirade at the NBA legend -- "  disturbing . " "  What 's really sad is , it 's not about me , " Johnson said . "  This is about the woman you love outing you and taping you and putting your conversation out here for everybody to know . ... This is between you two , but then he wants to include me . " Johnson said he had only met with Sterling three or four times , and most of those discussions had focused on basketball . Johnson could n't say if the Clippers owner has slipped mentally . Sterling "  seems like he 's all there , " Johnson said . "  But the problem is , he 's living in the stone ages . " Johnson : Sterling called me Sterling went on the offensive in his interview with Cooper when Johnson 's name came up , blaming the basketball Hall of Famer for Sterling 's delay in apologizing for the racist remarks that have him now fighting to keep his team . "  Wait , be patient , I 'll help you , we 'll work it out , " Sterling said the NBA legend told him . Not so , Johnson said Tuesday . In fact , Johnson told CNN , Sterling called him recently and asked him to appear alongside him in an interview with ABC 's Barbara Walters . "  I said the number one thing you need to do which you have n't done is apologize to everybody , and myself , " Johnson said . "  Sterling replied  ` I 'll get to that . I 'll get to that . ' " The former NBA star told Sterling that the billionaire businessman needed to consult with attorneys , stressing that the controversy was bigger than Sterling realized . Johnson said Sterling was adamant about Johnson doing the interview , even reaching out a second time . Johnson said his attorneys advised him not to have any further conversations with the embattled owner . Sterling never did the interview with Walters . "  I 'm really disturbed by the fact that when he called me he should have said , ` Magic , I 'm sorry , ' " Johnson said . A sterling solution : Start talking honestly about race ' I do n't know that young lady ' Johnson and the woman at the center of the scandal -- Stiviano -- have met briefly only once , the NBA legend said , taking a picture at a Los Angeles Dodgers game . Johnson is a part-owner of the baseball team . "  I do n't know the young lady . I barely know Donald , so now I am caught in the middle of this love affair or whatever they had , " Johnson said . Stiviano has denied being intimate with Sterling , who when asked about the nature of their relationship declined to answer . Johnson said he does n't think Sterling understands what a big mistake the Clippers owner 's racist comments were or the number of people who were offended by the remarks -- and by Sterling 's statements to Cooper that aired Monday night , slamming Johnson again . "  What kind of a guy goes to every city , has sex with every girl , then he catches HIV ? Is that someone we want to respect and tell our kids about ? " Sterling asked Cooper in Monday 's interview . "  I think he should be ashamed of himself . I think he should go into the background . But what does he do for the black people ? He does n't do anything . " In response , Johnson defended his charitable work and business investments , saying Sterling should have done his homework before making the comments . "  My whole life is devoted to urban America . So , you know I just wish he knew the facts when he 's talking , " Johnson told Cooper . "  But he 's a man who 's upset and he 's reaching . He 's reaching . He 's trying to find something that he can grab on to help him save his team . And it 's not going to happen . " Johnson says Sterling disrespected the work he 's done , like helping coffee shops , gyms and theaters open in urban areas . "  That really makes me upset . And then my competitive spirit comes out , because I 've done all this great work . All the kids we 've sent to college , and I 've got 150 kids on scholarship right now . " He also responded to Sterling 's HIV remarks , saying he never hid from the diagnosis when he retired from the NBA in 1991 . "  I came out like a man , you know , I told the world . I did n't blame nobody else . I understood that what I did was wrong , " Johnson said . "  OK , so I announced that to the world , and I hoped that I was able to help people in doing that , and I think I did . " Johnson says Sterling 's comments about HIV show there 's still a stigma that needs to be fought . "  I hope this does n't set us back , " Johnson said . "  The stigma is still there . We know that . We 've been fighting it for years , and what we want to continue to do is just educate the world that it 's OK , that you can high-five a person who has HIV . It 's OK . ... It 's a shame that Donald used this platform with you , instead of using this platform to come out and apologize to the world , which would have been great . " Opinion : The 5 apology rules that Sterling broke Magic 's interest in a basketball team Johnson , whose ownership interests also include the WNBA 's Sparks in Los Angeles , denied Sterling 's assertion that the former Los Angeles Laker was trying to deceive his way into buying the Clippers . The accusation made Johnson laugh . "  If I was going to trick somebody , deceive somebody , be dishonest to somebody , steal somebody 's franchise , it 's going to be the Los Angeles Lakers , " said the man who won five league titles while with the team , one of the NBA 's marquee franchises . Johnson once owned a minority stake in the Lakers , which have been owned by the Buss family since 1979 . But Johnson said he would entertain the idea of buying the Clippers with his five partners who spent more than $ 2 billion on the Dodgers . He thinks a sale forced by a vote of the NBA Board of Governors would take at least eight months to complete and would be a $ 1 billion transaction . "  If it comes out and it 's for sale , and my Guggenheim  Baseball Management  partners and I say , ` OK , we want to take a look at it , we want to buy it , ' of course , we 'll make a run for it , " he said , adding that he has had offers from other NBA teams to become a part owner . Donald Sterling 's claims vs. reality Time for change ? Sterling , the longest tenured owner in the NBA , bought the team in 1981 when it was in San Diego and moved into Los Angeles . But after his recorded racist remarks were revealed , the NBA began the process of forcing him to sell the franchise , which some experts have valued between $ 575 million and $ 1 billion . It will take a 75 % vote of the league 's owners to terminate Sterling 's franchise rights . The case is with the NBA 's finance and advisory committee of 10 owners , which talked by conference call on Tuesday , but did n't recommend sending the matter to the board . Sterling has n't definitively said if he will sue to keep the team -- which is actually owned by a family trust that includes his wife , Shelly , as a co-executor -- but many analysts expect him to do so . Johnson noted Sterling 's past legal issues with his real estate business where he settled lawsuits brought against him and his wife with out-of-court payments . Sterling "  ca n't buy his way out of this one . He has bought his way out of all the other situations . Ca n't do it this time , " Johnson said . Johnson said Sterling should go into retirement . "  You 're 80 years old . You 've had a tremendous life . And you 're going to benefit , whatever the price tag is , from this team selling . Just go ahead and enjoy the rest of your life , " Johnson said . "  You 're fighting a battle that you ca n't win . " Sterling asked : What has Magic Johnson done ? Answer : Quite a lot	Magic Johnson says Donald Sterling is ` living in the stone ages ' Johnson says Sterling disrespected him by questioning his charitable work The embattled owner trashed Johnson in a CNN interview Johnson says his only interaction with V. Stiviano was to take one picture
CNN  -- It 's perhaps fitting that a story with so many layers should be symbolized by a layer of clothing . From fashion mainstay to symbol of injustice The first layer , of course , is the crime story : What actually happened between high school student Trayvon Martin and neighborhood watchman George Zimmerman on that fateful February night in Sanford , Florida ? Who attacked whom first ? The second layer is the law enforcement story : What did the cops know , how thoroughly did they investigate and why did n't they arrest Zimmerman ? The third is the legal story : What is the "  stand your ground ' law ? Did it apply in this case and should it exist at all ? The fourth layer is the media story : Why did so many news organizations fail to cover the story for so long and was there a rush to judgment once they did ? The fifth is a family story : What if this had happened to your child ? Should you tell your kids to stop wearing hoodies ? And then , of course , there is the race story : Was the dead teenager suspected and trailed just because he was black ? What does it mean that the man who shot him was Hispanic ? How much racial baggage has everyone brought to everything that has happened since : the protests , the calls for investigations and hearings , the celebrity videos , the opinion columns and TV commentaries on all sides ? More than a month after 17-year-old Martin was found dead , none of these questions has an entirely clear answer . So as we continue to report every aspect of the story , over the next week and a half , CNN will air a series of In Depth reports exploring the larger issues that it raised . On Friday , we will air a special town hall at 8 p.m. ET called "  Beyond Trayvon : Race and Justice in America . " Soledad O'Brien will moderate a discussion among family members and friends of Martin and Zimmerman , law enforcement officials , citizen watch organizers , civil rights leaders , pro-gun advocates , legal experts and concerned parents . The conversation will take place before an audience of ordinary citizens who will participate in the questioning . Starting Monday , "  Anderson Cooper 360  " will launch a week of reports and discussions at 8 and 10 p.m. ET that we are calling "  Kids on Race : The Hidden Picture . " Inspired by the historic Doll Test research of the 1940s and guided by eminent child psychologist Melanie Killen , we will explore how children develop their attitudes about race . What role does family upbringing and circumstance play ? When are racial perceptions "  wired , " and can they be unwired ? What disparities exist between the ways white and black children look at the world ? O'Brien will join Cooper in guiding viewers through the research , which promises to be full of sometimes disturbing but always fascinating conclusions . As the Martin story continues to unfold , CNN.com will also collect iReport videos reflecting the powerful emotions and opinions that the case has stirred up and telling personal stories about how all of these questions play out in the lives of ordinary Americans . The term "  national conversation " can be overused , but sometimes it is entirely appropriate , and the Trayvon Martin case is one of them . At CNN , we are determined that our contribution to that conversation be based on sound and unbiased reporting , that it take into account all points of view and that it go beneath the surface of the daily headlines to examine every layer of this compelling but complicated story .	In Depth : CNN takes a thoughtful look at the many facets of the Trayvon Martin story CNN 's Mark Whitaker : It 's a crime story , a legal story , a family story , a media story CNN will air a special town hall at 8 p.m. ET Friday ; Soledad O'Brien hosts On Monday , "  Anderson Cooper 360  " will launch a week of reports at 8 and 10 p.m. ET
CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden has been the topic of much discussion this past week as to whether he was playing racial politics in what has become the "  chains speech " in Danville , Virginia . Commentators , political pundits , politicians and academics have weighed in . But through all of the hoopla , it is important to probe the statement that preceded Biden saying to the audience at the Institute for Advanced Learning and Research : "  They 're going to put y' all back in chains . " Here is Biden 's full statement from the speech : "  Mitt  Romney wants to let -- he said in the first hundred days , he 's going to let the big banks once again write their own rules . ` Unchain Wall Street . ' They 're going to put y' all back in chains . " Knock yourself out focusing on the racial implications of what Biden had to say . Because when I look at the number of Americans still underwater because of the dastardly things that took place in the housing market ; when I look at the number of banks that took billions in federal funds supposedly to provide credit to Americans , only to use it to shore up their balance sheets ; and when I look at the banking industry fighting tooth and nail to prevent future regulations , that to me is far more vital to determining who we should cast our vote for in November . Neil Barofsky , The independent watchdog appointed to investigate the TARP program , wrote in his book , "  Bailout : An Inside Account of How Washington Abandoned Main Street While Rescuing Wall Street , " that the federal government committed $ 23.7 trillion in various initiatives to save the financial industry . Yes , $ 23.7 trillion . Not all was spent , but that figure begins to get at the depth at which Wall Street had devastated this country with its reckless behavior . Mitt Romney , who made his millions in private equity , is most certainly the guy Wall Street is betting big on . Millions are flowing into his coffers from Wall Street because he has made it clear that he is going to pretty much say , "  Gents , it 's business as usual ! " We could have some faith in his vice presidential pick , U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , who has talked openly about reinstating the Glass-Steagall Act , which was enacted in 1933 to protect Americans by preventing commercial banks from also being investment banks . Yet it was the repeal in 1999 of that important law 's restrictions , a repeal led by Republican Sen. Phil Gramm , of Texas . and signed by Democratic President Bill Clinton , that is largely to blame for the current crisis . Far too few banks are in control of far too much of the nation 's money , and when the shameful and evil ways they make money end up almost collapsing the economy , taxpayers are left to bail them out . Ryan voted for repeal on Glass-Steagall in 1999 , but is on the record recently as saying Glass-Steagall should return . But the man at the top of the ticket is n't so sure , which means that Ryan will have to keep his thoughts to himself . Romney and Ryan are in lockstep in disagreeing with the passage of the Dodd-Frank law , which was supposed to reform the banking industry , and that should cause many of us to be cautious as to why . Let 's be clear : Dodd-Frank is not a perfect bill . The financial lobby was successful at stripping away some of the toughest provisions of the law , and former Connecticut Democratic Sen. Christopher Dodd was too willing to do their bidding . Democrats and Republicans are to blame for that , but at least the law is an effort to get Wall Street to clean up its act . Romney seems to want Wall Street to keep doing what it 's been doing , offering no specifics on what kinds of regulations should be imposed to put it in check . He definitely wants to repeal Dodd-Frank , but wo n't say what he 'll replace it with . When J.P. Morgan announced it lost $ 3 billion a few months ago , Romney essentially shrugged his shoulders and said that 's the free market enterprise for you . But when that free market enterprise results in our economy almost collapsing , resulting in Wall Street needing more than a trillion dollars of infusion from the American taxpayer and the Federal Reserve , it sure is n't free to us . Far too many banks have been horrible at working with the millions of homeowners who face foreclosure , as evidence by stories done by many reporters , including CNN 's Jessica Yellin Romney ? Nothing . Go to www.mittromney.com and see if you find anything confronting the housing crisis . Nada . Nothing . Zip . Judging by the voting record of Ryan in the House , we surely ca n't expect him to work to change Romney 's mind . Ryan was one of only 64 House members to vote against a law requiring credit card companies to notify cardholders they were going to raise their interest rates  it passed  . He voted no on a bill to allow the Treasury Department to offer $ 300 billion in loans to community banks to assist small businesses  it passed  . He voted yes to strip the Consumer Financial Protect Agency of some of its toughest rules , instead wanting to soften it up  it failed  . And he voted yes on a bill that delayed for a year new regulations on the kind of derivatives that created the financial mess we 're in right now  it passed  . It is clear that Wall Street does n't care about American consumers , except to keep them shackled in debt through sky high credit card balances , thus allowing the financial industry to make billions off the high interest rates . Bankers fought hard to keep hitting account holders with hidden fees , again lining their pockets . And they sure as heck are n't doing enough to stabilize the housing market by drawing down principals and placing a moratorium on foreclosures . So we should recognize Romney 's recipe of ideas as a disaster for consumers and a boon for Wall Street . You can be angry all you want about Biden 's chains comments , but you better be just as upset if we have to go through another financial calamity like we did in 2008 when Wall Street ran amok and took us for suckers in an effort to tap into our pocketbooks again , courtesy of the U.S. Treasury . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : In context Biden 's "  chains " comments make sense , are about banking industry He says out-of-control banks caused housing collapse , took bailout money from taxpayers He says Romney will continue business as usual with financial industry , opposes controls Martin : Wall Street does n't care about U.S. consumers , except to keep them shackled in debt
CNN  -- Sugar-sweetened beverages are linked to more than 180,000 obesity-related deaths worldwide each year , according to new research presented this week at an American Heart Association conference . "  This means about one in every 100 deaths from obesity-related diseases is caused by drinking sugary beverages , " says study author Gitanjali Singh , a postdoctoral research fellow at the Harvard School of Public Health . Among the world 's 35 largest countries , Mexico had the highest death rates from sugary drinks , and Bangladesh had the lowest , according to the study . The United States ranked third . However , the American Beverage Association dismissed the research as "  more about sensationalism than science . " Opinion : Banning large sodas is legal and smart When people drink too many beverages containing added sugar , such as soft drinks , fruit drinks , energy or sports beverages , they tend to put on weight . The study authors say these added pounds increase the risk of developing diabetes , cardiovascular disease and some cancers -- conditions often referred to as obesity-related diseases . Researchers at Harvard wanted to find out how often people around the globe drank sugar-sweetened beverages and how that affected their risk of death . They looked at 114 national dietary surveys covering more than 60 % of the world 's population . They also used evidence from studies published in medical journals that discussed sugary drinks and other dietary habits . Their data was included in the 2010 Global Burden of Disease Study , which looks at the health and mortality of populations across the world . How did the Harvard scientists single out that sweet drinks were linked to weight gain and death ? They spent several years gathering and combing through data . They looked at all kinds of factors that can affect our weight such as TV watching , changes in physical activity levels , smoking and the consumption of all kinds of food and drink . When the researchers controlled for these factors , they were able to determine what percentage of deaths from diabetes , heart disease and cancer were linked to sugary drinks . "  The investigators examined changes in sugar-sweetened beverage consumption and then its association with change in body fatness or BMI  body mass index  , and subsequent deaths from cardiovascular disease , diabetes and cancer , " says Rachel Johnson , professor of nutrition at the University of Vermont in Burlington and chair of the American Heart Assocation 's Nutrition Committee , who was not involved in the study . Opinion : ` Anti-Bloomberg ' bill stops overregulation Scientists found that more people died from diabetes , heart disease and cancer in parts of the world where consumption of sugary drinks is high . Of the nine world regions in 2010 , Latin America and the Caribbean had the most diabetes deaths linked to sugary drinks with 38,000 . East and Central Eurasia had the most cardiovascular deaths at 11,000 . In the United States , sugary drinks were linked to the deaths of 25,000 people from diabetes and other obesity-related diseases . As in many other countries , the death rates were highest in young adults under age 45 , with one in 10 obesity-related deaths associated with sugary beverages . "  Almost three-quarters of the deaths caused by sugary drinks are in low and middle income countries , " says study author Dr. Dariush Mozaffarian , co-director of the cardiovascular epidemiology program at the Harvard School of Public Health . "  So this is not just a problem in wealthy nations . " The average consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages in Mexico , the country with the highest death rates among larger nations , was 24 ounces per day . The American Beverage Association released this statement in response to the study : "  This abstract , which is neither peer-reviewed nor published , is more about sensationalism than science . In no way does it show that consuming sugar-sweetened beverages causes chronic diseases such as diabetes , cardiovascular disease or cancer - the real causes of death among the studied subjects . "  The researchers make a huge leap when they illogically and wrongly take beverage intake calculations from around the globe and allege that those beverages are the cause of deaths which the authors themselves acknowledge are due to chronic disease . " Judge stops NYC ban on large sugary drinks , city plans appeal The study authors and other experts disagree . "  We know having an elevated BMI is associated with an increased risk of heart disease , diabetes and some cancers , " says Johnson . "  The body does not seem to detect fullness as well when you drink sugary drinks . That is one explanation for why sugar-sweetened beverages are associated with obesity . " Recently the American Heart Association came out with a scientific statement about sugar intake and heart health because it says there is new evidence about the relationship between the two . The statement says some research has found a link between sugar consumption and cardiovascular disease , while other research has not found a direct link . The AHA says that the best way to maintain a healthy weight and to decrease the risk of heart disease is to eat a healthy diet and to limit added sugar to no more than 100 calories a day for women and 150 for men . Soft drinks and other sugar-sweetened beverages are the main source of added sugars in the American diet , according to the statement . One 12-ounce regular soda contains the equivalent of 10 teaspoons of sugar and has about 140 calories . Our obsession with sugar , salt and fat	About 1 in every 100 deaths is caused by sugary beverages , researchers say The American Beverage Association says the study is "  more about sensationalism " Researchers analyzed data to link sugary drink consumption to obesity-related deaths
CNN Student News  -- May 31 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  Arlington National Cemetery  Joplin , Missouri  Texas Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Back from the Memorial Day weekend , I 'm Carl Azuz and this is CNN Student News ! It 's a short week for us . It 's also our last week of the school year , so let 's go ahead and get started . First Up : Remembering the Fallen AZUZ : First up , Americans pause to honor service members who gave everything they had . Memorial Day is a tribute to the men and women who lost their lives while serving in the U.S. Armed Forces . Ceremonies were held around the country yesterday , President Obama helping lead the ones at Arlington National Cemetery . He laid a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknowns and later visited Arlington 's Section 60 ; it 's a site that 's primarily for soldiers killed in Iraq and Afghanistan . During a speech , the president said the courage , unselfishness and devotion to duty of the servicemen and women who gave their lives is what has sustained the country . President Obama also said that Memorial Day is about the families who have lost loved ones serving in the military . The wife of a fallen service member said she sees Memorial Day as a chance to celebrate her husband 's life . NICKI BUNTING , WIDOW OF FALLEN SERVICEMAN : I want everyone to realize that these are n't just graves ; they are n't just numbers . They 're real people , and they had real families . They had wives and husbands and children and parents and siblings and friends . And so , that 's what today is about , just celebrating their life and making sure that everyone knows that these are real people that we 've lost . And so , when I get to talk about my husband , I love to laugh and smile when I talk about him and really share the great guy he was . AZUZ : For the past 40 years , the 3rd U.S. Infantry has had a special assignment . They 're the ones who place flags on every gravestone at Arlington Cemetery for Memorial Day . That 's more than 250,000 flags ! In this next report , two members share why they consider this responsibility an honor . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP SERGEANT CHERRY SMITH , IRAQ WAR VETERAN : Now that I 've actually served and came from Iraq , they paved the way . So , without them , we would n't be here . STAFF SERGEANT BRADLEY FALLS , AFGHANISTAN WAR VETERAN : It 's especially an honor for us when you 've been on the other side of it , and now you can come here and you can bring honor to their final resting place . Most of the leaders here are combat vets . They are coming from other units . They 've deployed before . We all know somebody buried here personally . SMITH : I thank them . I give thanks all the time for just doing what they did . There 's so many of us that have fear of doing what they did . FALLS : During our fifteen months , my battalion lost 24 soldiers and our brigade lost , I believe , 44 . We have three 173rd members buried here , to include my platoon leader , First Lieutenant Benjamin Hall . I try to visit him on special occasions , you know , his birthday or his passing . I usually sit down for a while and talk to him , let him know how things are going , how life is , and how much I appreciate his sacrifice and his leadership while we had it . He was a great man . Sometimes it 's a bit of a remembrance of good times and bad . You know , you 've got comrades in arms that have died and you feel for them and you feel for your families , but you try to put that aside to give honor to those that you can . END VIDEO CLIP Is this legit ? STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? More tornadoes strike the U.S. than any other country . This is true . The U.S. averages more than 1,000 recorded tornadoes every year . Tornado Devastation AZUZ : We 've talked about a string of tornadoes hitting across parts of the U.S. recently . One of the deadliest in U.S. history struck Joplin , Missouri . Officials say this massive storm tore a 13-mile path across the city . Recovery efforts are getting started , and the president visited the area over the weekend . Dan Lothian has the details on that trip . BEGIN VIDEO DAN LOTHIAN , CNN WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT : Before touching down , Air Force One flew over Joplin , Missouri , giving the president an aerial view of the devastation . What took months and years to build was destroyed in a few moments : homes , businesses and anything else in the tornado 's path . On the ground , it was a somber president surveying the breathtaking damage up close . Meeting with officials , survivors , and promising not to abandon this city . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : What I 've been telling every family that I 've met here is we 're going to be here long after the cameras leave . We are not going to stop until Joplin is fully back on its feet . LOTHIAN : There is plenty of pain here , but also plenty of hope . Roadways were lined with thousands of people , some waving flags or holding signs with messages like "  God bless Joplin . " At a memorial service on the campus of Missouri Southern State University , that escaped the tornado 's wrath ... OBAMA : We will be with you every step of the way . We 're not going anywhere . LOTHIAN : ... President Obama thanked the people of Joplin for their courage . OBAMA : You 've banded together . You have come to each other 's aid . You 've demonstrated a simple truth : that amid heartbreak and tragedy , no one is a stranger . Everybody is a brother . Everybody is a sister . LOTHIAN : Recovering from one of the worst natural disasters in U.S. history will not happen overnight , but Missouri Governor Jay Nixon is optimistic about the future . GOVERNOR JAY NIXON , MISSOURI : Joplin will look different , and more different still in two years and three and five . And as the years pass , the moral of our story will be the same : love thy neighbor . God bless . LOTHIAN : President Obama also had a message for people across the country , urging them to get involved by supporting organizations such as the Red Cross , which is providing food and shelter for all of the people who have been displaced by the tornado . Dan Lothian , CNN , Joplin , Missouri . END VIDEO Texas Wildfires AZUZ : Moving southwest to Texas now , where officials and emergency workers are battling a different kind of natural disaster : wildfires . In fact , this has been one of the worst wildfire seasons in Texas history . Two blazes around the city of Amarillo forced hundreds of people to leave their homes this weekend . They were starting to come back yesterday as firefighters got the majority of those flames under control . Dry and windy conditions are spreading the flames , though , and that is what the weather 's been like in Texas for a while now . This video , another wildfire , is from more than a month ago . In total , hundreds of homes have burned ; millions of acres of land have been scorched by these wildfires . Shoutout MICHELLE WRIGHT , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Sommer 's and Ms. Bensfield 's students at Nichols Middle School in Evanston , Illinois ! How many launches are left in the NASA space shuttle program ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  0 , B  1 , C  2 or D  3 ? Start the countdown at three seconds -- GO ! Atlantis is scheduled to make the next -- and last -- shuttle launch in July . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Endeavour Undocks AZUZ : Atlantis will be dropping off supplies and spare parts to the international space station . That 's scheduled to be the last shuttle mission . But the current one is n't over yet . It 's getting close , though . This was the scene on Sunday , when the space shuttle Endeavour undocked from the ISS . It had been connected to the orbiting outpost for more than a week and a half . Now , Endeavour is on its way home . The shuttle is scheduled to land around 2:30 a.m. on Wednesday . That 'll wrap up its 16-day mission to space . And once it 's back on the ground , Endeavour will head off into retirement . Web Promo AZUZ : We are not retiring , but we are wrapping up the school year this week . Does n't mean we 're going anywhere , and neither is CNNStudentNews.com . We 're planning to have special shows on our site all summer long , plus new blog posts . So , make us your home page and check out what we 're up to while you 're on break . You know the address : CNNStudentNews.com ! Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , hope you 're not afraid of heights . For example , a pair of intersecting tight ropes over a giant canyon . Apparently the young lady you 're about to see right here has no fear . Or , she just knows it 's all an optical illusion . It 's actually the world 's largest 3D painting . It 's on a street in China . But it looks real enough that some people said they actually felt dizzy when they were standing on top of it . When it comes to this kind of artwork ... Goodbye AZUZ : ... That sounds like the highest of compliments . And it proves that the artist should have no illusions about the quality of his work . I think you see what we mean . Hope you have a great day . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Learn about some of the ceremonies associated with Memorial Day Hear President Obama 's pledge to the people of Joplin , Missouri Discover the scope of this year 's destructive Texas wildfire season Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Jane Fraser is the CEO of U.S. Consumer and Commercial Banking and CitiMortgage and is often cited as one of the most powerful women in banking . She tells CNN 's Poppy Harlow how women lead differently from their male counterparts . CNN : Do women run banks , or businesses differently ? JF : We do , and it 's not just a gender thing . If you 're from Asia you run it differently than an American -- it 's just true diversity . In the private bank I worked in , a third of the leadership team was female , you then had a slight shift in the way the team worked . I often put women into roles where they 're thinking about the broad franchise , they have this awareness of collateral damage and can be more nurturing . They really build the team , they want to win as much as the men , they just do n't need all the badges . Being qualified CNN : Do you sometimes take a job before you feel ready ? And believe that if you are being chosen for it , you will learn on the job ? JF : I 've moved into three businesses that I did n't know anything about . It 's all about the team you get , you have to get very comfortable choosing people who work with you and who are going to be better than you . Your job is to lead , not to have all the answers . CNN : When you took the job at CitiMortgage , 90 percent of people said to you that you were crazy . Why ? JF : I 'd been running a private bank at Citi , which is a joyous franchise because you get an opportunity to meet some of the most successful business men and women in the world . A lot of your day is spent talking to clients , it 's truly a privilege . To do that and then move to a business that was at the beginning of a very negative cycle -- it 's not an obvious move from a business that 's in good shape . But I love the opportunity to turn something around , to try and make a difference . Being balanced CNN : How did you balance your work and home life ? JF : My husband was running a bank , over in Europe , we sat down in 2008 and said ; ` one of us has to stop for family ' . He 's a decade older than me and he said , "  Okay , I 'll be the one who will go and do something different . " There was no way we could carry on . That was the peak of the  financial  crisis . His bank was sold , and he moved into working for boards and investing , and also spending more time with the kids . If it had been me , I 'd have done it willingly too , because I 'm a mum , and that 's a joy . CNN : You have said you can not have it all . JF : You can not have it all at the same time . You can have it all , spread over decades . I think of my life in different chunks . When the kids were little , I needed to be around more , but it 's different now . CNN : You 've also said that you had to get good at saying no . JF : Yes , and it was funny that - it sounds ridiculous now , but I can remember saying to my clients ; "  I ca n't do the meeting on Thursday , because Thursday 's the day that I 'm at home with my son " . Then they 'd always say , "  oh , no problem . " It made you human . If you 're advising people , and trying to help them change and you do n't have humanity , you 're just not relevant . Watching the millennials CNN : Some have said that especially in banking , millennials tend to want a little bit more of a work-life balance , have you noticed that ? That they want more than just their job . JF : Yes , we do see that in millennials who are both customers as well as employees . Every generation should shape what they want to be , they 're still in discovery . What I love about the millennials is they really give a damn . They want more soul . They want to know there 's more purpose , there 's other things in life , and that 's going to make the world a much richer place . CNN : What is the advice that you would give to someone aspiring to be the next Jane Fraser ? JF : Have more courage early-on . Do n't feel you 've got to be perfect all the time . It just holds you back from doing your best because you do n't put yourself into a more stretching situation . I did n't do that for the first ten years of my career . It 's a fear of doing as well as you could do , if you do n't go for it , you 're missing the point . More : The first ` troll-proof ' website ? More : Elite club where men are banned Phoebe Parke contributed to this report .	Jane Fraser is often cited as one of the most powerful women in banking Says that women run banks differently and have an awareness of collateral damage Admires the millennials for wanting more than just a career out of life
CNN  -- Fast food and some retail workers in 50 cities around the country are striking today , and have mounted dozens of strikes over the past few months . Their demands are simple : a pay raise to $ 15 per hour -- roughly double the federal minimum wage -- and union recognition . The "  Fast Food Forward " movement began in New York City last fall and quickly spread to other cities . In some places it grew to include workers in other low-wage jobs besides fast food . Like the earlier Occupy Wall Street protests , this new movement has captured the imagination of millions of Americans angry about the ever-widening gap between haves and have-nots . But unlike Occupy , with its youthful base and reliance on new social media , Fast Food Forward was born from a marriage of old-fashioned unionism and community organizing . Its protagonists are ordinary workers , many of them black , brown and/or female . They are struggling to support their families on jobs that pay at or close to the legal minimum , with few benefits . Adding insult to injury , full-time work is hard to find in the fast food and retail world . But many workers have no other options , since the Great Recession permanently wiped out millions of better-paying jobs . The federal minimum wage dates back to the 1938 Fair Labor Standards Act - part of FDR 's New Deal . But inflation has eaten away at the guarantee it was meant to provide . In today 's dollars , the minimum wage is worth less now than it was half a century ago . Meanwhile , what FDR called "  organized money " has been on the warpath against another legacy of the New Deal : organized labor . Today only 6.6 % of private-sector workers are union members , less than any time since the early 1930s . That 's another reason income inequality has soared . But the labor movement refuses to die . Instead it is struggling to reinvent itself . Fast Food Forward is backed by the giant Service Employees International Union , which boasts more than 2 million members and is known for its creative organizing tactics . Back in the 1990s the union 's Justice for Janitors campaign lifted standards in another low-wage sector , winning union contracts that improved pay and benefits and converted part-time building service jobs to full-time ones in cities around the country . As organized money has successfully choked off the traditional road to unionism through the system created by the 1935 National Labor Relations Act under FDR , unions have turned to strategies from the community organizing tradition . In the case of the fast food strikes , for example , the union partnered with established community-based groups like New York Communities for Change . Similarly the Our Walmart campaign , which led the Black Friday walkouts at the nation 's largest retailer last November , uses community organizing tactics rather than standard unionization methods . Both Fast Food Forward and Our Walmart rely on strategies and tactics perfected by the "  worker center " movement that sprang up starting in the1990s . It includes dozens of community-based organizations representing taxi drivers , domestic workers , day laborers , street vendors and others at the bottom of the labor market . Many of these workers are excluded outright from New Deal laws like the FLSA and NLRA , since technically they are not "  employees " but "  independent contractors . " The worker centers have successfully spotlighted the many abuses such workers suffer , and have helped them organize . But as community-based groups with shoestring budgets and tiny staffs , the scale of their work has been severely limited . Still , some have managed to form national organizations , like the Restaurant Opportunities Center and the National Domestic Workers Alliance . One of them the Taxi Workers Alliance , is now formally affiliated with the AFL-CIO , which has developed other partnerships with worker centers in recent years . If old-line labor unions - which despite their declining membership , still have relatively deep pockets and political clout - keep stepping up their support for such efforts , that could be a real game-changer . That 's the significance of the fast food walkouts : They could be the embryo of a new labor movement that challenges the power of organized money and the skyrocketing inequality that has made the American middle class an endangered species . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruth Milkman .	Ruth Milkman : Fast food and retail workers are walking out to seek better wages She says movement resonates because income inequality is 21st century America 's issue She says wage issues are new front  with union support  in a labor movement that has lagged Milkman : Low-wage walkouts could be start of new labor push for strapped middle class
Mayflower , Arkansas  CNN  -- Tornadoes tore through several states Sunday evening as severe weather slammed into parts of the central United States . Authorities confirmed at least nine fatalities : eight in Arkansas and one in Oklahoma . Damage is "  widespread " after a tornado hit Mayflower , Arkansas , and there are numerous reports of injuries , said Matt DeCample , a spokesman for the state 's governor . Damage is also widespread in Vilonia , north of Little Rock , he said . "  I ca n't even get down the main street down to the middle of town , " Vilonia Mayor James Firestone said . "  I am trying to make my way through the downed trees and power lines . What I am seeing , it is a lot of damage . I 've been listening to the rescue folks . They 're saying people have to be extracted from vehicles . ... It looks pretty bad . From what I understand , there has been a subdivision that 's been leveled . " In Mayflower , overturned , smashed cars were visible along the freeway as search and rescue teams combed the area . Video from CNN affiliate KARK showed a decimated building in Mayflower surrounded by scattered debris and emergency vehicles . Interstate 40 was shut down as authorities removed debris from the highway after the tornado struck Mayflower , said Arkansas State Patrol spokesman Bill Sadler . Mayflower is roughly 25 miles northwest of Little Rock . The National Weather Service 's Little Rock office tweeted a series of messages warning of tornadoes , reporting damage and telling residents to take cover . A tornado crossing I-40 "  was reported to be as much as a half-mile wide , " the weather service said . Officials reported overturned semi-trucks and destroyed homes , the weather service said . Witnesses also spotted a twister in the Oklahoma town of Quapaw on Sunday , an emergency official said , as severe weather slammed into parts of the central United States . Joe Dan Morgan , emergency manager in Ottawa County , Oklahoma , said ambulances had deployed after reports of a funnel on the ground in Quapaw , and rescuers were working in an area where a concrete wall crashed onto a car . Numerous buildings in the town were damaged , said Keli Cain with Oklahoma Emergency Management . Kelly Flecks , an emergency dispatcher in Ottawa County , also said a tornado hit the town . "  Search and rescue is under way involving several agencies , " she said . "  Please tell the public to stay away so they can do their jobs . We ca n't confirm anything else at the moment . Quapaw is in the northeastern part of the state , near the borders with Kansas and Missouri . Also Sunday evening , a tornado emergency was declared for Maumelle , Arkansas , the weather service said . Maumelle is also northwest of Little Rock in central Arkansas . Storm spotters were tracking a confirmed tornado with reports of damage , the weather service said . A tornado emergency is issued when a storm is producing a life-threatening , confirmed tornado capable of significant destruction . Strong tornadoes , damaging winds , and large hail were expected for parts of the Central Plains and along the Mississippi River Valley on Sunday , CNN meteorologists said . Forecasters from the weather service warned that numerous tornadoes could hit , "  with a few intense tornadoes likely . " Large hail and damaging winds are also possible , forecasters said . Storm chasers and witnesses posted images of twisters in several states on social media . Mike Smith from TeamBCX shared a picture of white funnel spinning against a dark sky near a field in Baxter Springs , Kansas , where there were several reports of damage from a tornado Sunday . Video : Surprising tornado tidbits Get the fast facts on tornadoes North Carolina cleans up from twisters Video : See a rare tornado in Northern California CNN 's Devon Sayers reported from Mayflower . CNN 's Dave Alsup and Matthew Stucker reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Chad Myers , Catherine E. Shoichet and Sean Morris contributed to this report .	NEW : Fatalities are reported in Oklahoma and Arkansas Vilonia mayor : I 'm seeing "  a lot of damage " ; a subdivision has been leveled Damage is "  widespread " in Mayflower , Arkansas , an official says Buildings are damaged in Quapaw , Oklahoma , a state emergency official says
CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI has pardoned his former butler , Paolo Gabriele , weeks after he was sentenced to 18 months in prison for leaking the pope 's private papers , Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi said . The pope visited Gabriele in prison "  in order to confirm his forgiveness and communicate in person his decision to grant Mr. Gabriele 's request for pardon , thereby remitting the sentence passed against the latter , " said a Vatican statement . "  This constitutes a paternal gesture toward a person with whom the Pope shared a relationship of daily familiarity for many years . " Gabriele was immediately released and has returned home , the statement said . "  Since he can not resume his previous occupation or continue to live in Vatican City , the Holy See , trusting in his sincere repentance , wishes to offer him the possibility of returning to a serene family life , " it said . Gabriele , one of the pope 's closest personal assistants , was convicted in October of aggravated theft for leaking secret papers from the pontiff 's personal apartment to an author who included them in a best-selling book . During the high-profile trial , Gabriele declared himself not guilty , but said he had abused the pope 's trust . He asked forgiveness of the pontiff for his actions , which he said were intended to expose wrongdoing . The Holy See media office had previously indicated that Gabriele could be pardoned . He has been held in a cell in Vatican City since October . Gabriele was arrested in May , following a Vatican investigation into how the pope 's private documents appeared in the book "  Sua Santita "  "  His Holiness "  , by Italian journalist Gianluigi Nuzzi . The book , based on the papers , revealed claims of corruption in the church 's hierarchy . At his trial , police told how they found more than 1,000 important documents among a stash of hundreds of thousands of papers in Gabriele 's apartments in Vatican City and Castel Gondolfo , a town near Rome . Among them were original papers signed by Pope Benedict XVI , some of them stamped with an order for destruction , according to the journalists allowed to attend the trial . Also found in his possession were a gold nugget belonging to the pope , a signed check made out to Pope Benedict XVI for 100,000 euros and an original version of Virgil 's Aeneid from 1581 . Computer expert sentenced over Vatican leaks CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	Vatican spokesman : Pope Benedict XVI pardons his former butler , Paolo Gabriele Gabriele was given an 18-month prison term in October for aggravated theft He was convicted after leaking private papers from the pope 's apartment The papers informed a book that revealed corruption claims within the Church hierarchy
Little Rock , Arkansas  CNN  -- Former President Bill Clinton suggested on Saturday that the fall in Hispanic turnout for Democrats in 2014 was partly due to President Barack Obama 's decision to not issue an executive order on immigration . At a Politico event with Mike Allen in Little Rock , Clinton and his former aides reminisced about the past but with a clear eye on how their decisions in the 1990s could be implemented in the future . Clinton also handicapped the disastrous midterms for Democrats . "  There was a collapse of the youth vote , the African-American vote held fairly steady , " Clinton said . "  We had a little bit of a loss of the Hispanic vote , perhaps because the President did n't issue the immigration order . But it was a tough call for him because had he done so , a lot of others would have lost by even more . It was a difficult call . " Latinos made up 10 % of the electorate in 2012 , according to CNN 's exit polls . In 2014 , that number was 8 % . In September , Obama decided to postpone issuing an executive action on immigration until after November 's elections because it would be "  more sustainable " then . Clinton said the biggest problem for Democrats -- who lost their majority in the Senate and fell deeper into the minority in the House -- was that "  the people who were against us felt more strongly than the people for us . " The former president also suggested that a national advertising campaign -- that Democrats "  did n't have " -- on an economic message and other issues could have "  made all the difference in a couple of close races . " Clinton 's recollections came during a celebration around the 10th anniversary of the Clinton Presidential Center . A steady stream of former campaign and administration aides were in town for a weekend that has seemed part reunion , part party and part pep rally for the future . For the Clinton confidants in Little Rock this weekend , that future , while not expressly addressed , is Hillary Clinton 's all-but-certain presidential run in 2016 . Hillary Clinton spoke earlier in the day at an event for the Clinton Foundation 's "  No Ceilings " initiative . Unlike other events during the week that looked back at the Clinton administration , the former first lady 's event was forward looking on how to increase women 's participation in the workforce . At the Politico event , Bill Clinton looked to the future while talking about the past by arguing that his administration "  showed the importance of policy . " "  We can do this again , " he said to a room full of Hillary Clinton fans .	Bill Clinton suggests that Barack Obama 's decision to hold off on immigration reform hurt Democrats with Hispanic voters Fall in Hispanic turnout came "  perhaps because the President did n't issue the immigration order " "  The people who were against us felt more strongly than the people for us , " Clinton says His remarks come at a weekend retrospective on his administration
Smartphones may attract nearly all of the marketing hype and news coverage , but comScore 's latest statistics show that smartphones still comprise only a minority of the U.S. mobile market -- about 35 % , as of July 2011 . The other 65 % of U.S. mobile handsets in use are "  feature phones " -- which tend to be much less expensive to buy and own . Often , these phones do not require a pricey two-year wireless service contract with hefty early termination fees . Even though smartphones cost much more , these devices have been getting popular with U.S. consumers , even in light of the country 's economic recession . After all , a 35 % market share is nothing to sneeze at -- especially considering that smartphones have only been widely available in the U.S. for about five years . At some point , a majority of U.S. mobile users will indeed own smartphones . But that shift wo n't happen as quickly as early forecasts anticipated . Back in March 2010 , the Nielsen Company proclaimed that smartphones would overtake feature phones by 2011 . Specifically , they predicted that by the end of Q3 2011  about a month from now  , most U.S. mobile users would own smartphones . That ambitious prediction does n't seem to be panning out . For over a year , comScore has been publishing monthly mobile-market-share statistics that show the percentage of U.S. smartphones . I 've been tracking these figures . Based on this data , it looks like it 'll be roughly October 2012 before smartphones actually take over as a majority of U.S. handsets . That 's about a year later than Nielsen 's forecast . Even then , there will still be plenty of feature phones in the U.S. market for quite a while . They 're definitely not vanishing any time soon . What might speed up or slow down the proliferation of smartphones in the U.S. ? It 's mostly a cost-benefit tradeoff . Decisions about which mobile phone to purchase are driven by functionality  what people want to do with their phones  , access  the quality , speed , and geographic availability of local wireless networks  , cost  both up-front and monthly bills  , and flexibility  the ability to switch carriers , plans , or to cancel at will  . Right now smartphones win in terms of functionality because people can use apps to do almost anything a much bulkier computer would let them do . Still , many consumers prefer simpler phones , and view the mobile app frenzy as a confusing and unnecessary excess . This market segment  and it 's not just determined by age , education , or income  will probably keep using feature phones the longest . Access divides on urban and rural lines . Once you get outside of major metro areas , wireless coverage gets spottier . Also , carriers are very slow to roll out faster "  4G " networks in less-populated rural areas . Using a smartphone on a slow or spotty data network can be pretty painful , and might not seem worth the extra cost . In terms of overall cost and flexibility , feature phones are the clear winners -- which is probably why they remain so popular . It 's easy to get a pretty good , no-contract feature phone for $ 50 or less  or even for free  , and then get a month-to-month or pre-paid plan that allows Web browsing , e-mail , and other data access . That costs around $ 50 per month . Generally users can cancel these phones at any time , with no early termination fee . In contrast , smartphones typically cost $ 100 or more  sometimes much more  at a subsidized price on a two-year contract from a wireless service provider . Monthly bills typically start at $ 80-90 , and if you want to cancel early you 'll still owe the carrier up to a few hundred dollars for an early termination fee . If the overall U.S. economy improves significantly -- and especially if lots more full-time jobs get created soon -- it 's likely that smartphones would take over sooner . But if the recovery continues at its current pace or slows , feature phones could remain the majority into 2013 or beyond . It 's also possible that manufacturing advances could bring the cost of smartphones down . Or the major U.S. carriers might decide to offer more smartphones on more flexible and consumer-friendly terms . Personally , I 'm not holding my breath for either of these outcomes . The good news is that , for people who stick with feature phones , those devices are n't as limited as they used to be . One of the biggest areas of improvement in the U.S. feature phone market is the Web browser . Most feature phones come with some kind of Web browser , and users can opt to pay a little extra for a data plan that allows them to access the mobile Internet . It used to be the case that feature phones came packaged with horrible , frustrating and slow browsers that displayed most Web pages poorly or not at all . But now it 's fairly easy for most U.S. consumers to find feature phones that include a much better pre-installed Web browser such as Opera Mini or Bolt . These display most Web pages pretty well and are easy to use , offering a vastly superior mobile browsing experience . According to Per Wetterdal , Opera 's U.S. regional manager , American consumers can currently purchase Opera Mini-equipped feature phones that do n't require a two-year contract from AT&T and Virgin Mobile  a brand from Sprint  -- and by this holiday season also from Verizon .  The stock AT&T mobile browser is actually a branded version of Opera Mini . Discount carriers such as MetroPCS and third-party retailers such as Wal-Mart generally do n't yet offer feature phones pre-installed with better proxy browsers . But any feature phone owners usually can download a better browser for free . The possible drawback is that once installed , it may take some extra clicks to launch . Opera Mini and Bolt offer additional benefits that may appeal to smartphone owners , too . These browsers , and others like them , are "  proxy browsers " which compress data significantly before transmitting it to the phone . This means they load Web pages faster , and they help control mobile data consumption . So if you 're on a tiered data plan , even if you own a smartphone it might be a good idea to install a proxy browser . Using it can help you avoid hitting your data cap , getting charged for overages , or even getting throttled . This will probably work well enough for most of your Web browsing , and you can switch to a fully-featured non-proxy browser for sites that warrant it . Some proxy browsers are specifically designed for smartphones . Opera Mini offers versions for all smartphone platforms , Bolt has BlackBerry versions , and Skyfire offers Android and iOS versions that also play Flash video  something still not fully supported by Apple 's Mobile Safari browser  . But if you want to stick with a feature phone for a while , do n't worry too . You 'll probably still get a good-enough mobile online experience if your phone has a decent mobile browser . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Approximately 65 % of U.S. mobile phones are "  feature phones " Smartphones have only been widely available in the U.S. for about five years It 'll be roughly October 2012 before smartphones actually take over as a majority
