CNN  -- Lava flowed Tuesday from two Alaskan volcanoes , with authorities placing both on the second-highest alert levels because "  sudden explosions ... are possible with little or no warning . " The volcanoes are Pavlof and Cleveland , both in the Aleutian Island range southwest of mainland Alaska . The Alaska Volcano Observatory has issued a watch due to heightened activity , plus an orange code regarding how they might affect planes in the area . At Pavlof , the higher of the two summits at 8,261 feet , the observatory reported "  eruptive activity " that followed "  an increase in seismic activity . " Lava has been spotted about 0.3 of a mile  half a kilometer  down the volcano 's north flank . Unlike Cleveland , Pavlof is not on an island but rather is connected to the Alaskan mainland . The 5,676-foot high Cleveland is about 350 miles to the southwest . It has 100-meter wide swath of lava extending about 1 mile down its southeastern flank , according to the Alaska Volcano Observatory . Five climbers killed in Philippines after deadly volcanic ash blast That organization noted Cleveland could produce ash clouds rising more than 20,000 feet above sea level . Beyond any impact on fish , wildlife and humans , large ash clouds could negatively impact air travel . "  They are very similar , and both have the ability to erupt , " John Power , a scientist from the U.S. Geological Survey , told CNN . After "  eruptive activity " last year at the Cleveland volcano , University of Alaska Fairbanks scientist Steve McNutt noted that 90 % of air freight from Asia to Europe and North America flies over Alaska airspace , and hundreds of flights fly through Anchorage 's air space daily . Why some travelers seek out world 's most dangerous locales "  We think of the Aleutian Islands as being remote and desolate " Power explained , "  but when you come up to 30,000 feet we are talking about 20 to 30,000 people there every single day . " Power described Pavlof as "  one of the most historically active volcanoes in the Northern Hemisphere . Cleveland is also "  very active , " having last had a large eruption in 2001 . A complicating and potentially troubling factor for Cleveland is it 's not monitored with ground instruments , like Pavlof . Years of declining budgets have made adding such technology , to such a remote locale , increasingly challenging . . And all of it means it takes longer for anyone to realize Cleveland erupts , which could prove hazardous for any planes flying through . "  For instance , ... on May 4 , we had a sizable eruption , and we were n't even aware for about 40 minutes , " Power said . Imposing central Mexican volcano spews ash skyward	NEW : Both volcanoes are historically very active , a USGS scientist says There 's "  eruptive activity " at the Pavlof volcano , an 8,261-foot summit linked to Alaska mainland Lava is flowing there as well as at the Cleveland volcano , also part of the Aleutian range Watches are out for both
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- A few days ago we observed the two-year anniversary of the earthquake that devastated Haiti , killing an estimated 220,000 people , injuring 300,000 , and leaving more than 1 million homeless . Since that day , blame for Haiti 's acute vulnerability and subsequent slow recovery has been traded among the government , international donors and humanitarian organizations . But for Haitians , placing blame is useless . Even the day after the earthquake , beneath the rubble and dust , still lay the joy of our people -- our beloved Haiti was still there , waiting to be rebuilt . Today , while many bemoan the slow state of recovery , communities all over Haiti are working hard , transforming the disaster into an opportunity . To be sure , there is much rebuilding work to be done , but strong Haitian women are critical to the effort and leading the way . Photos : Haiti 's children , two years later Yes , progress is slow . The statistics are staggering . More than 500,000 people are still living in tents in an estimated 758 camps . Too many families are suffering without access to clean water and health care , and a devastating cholera outbreak has killed 6,700 Haitians , with more getting sick every day . An estimated 70 % of the population do not have regular employment ; job opportunities remain very scarce . But two years is hardly enough time to rebuild a country that was hit so badly , and already so crippled . Even before the earthquake , Haiti was the poorest country in the Americas , with almost 80 % living below the poverty line . But now , there are very visible signs of hope : Nearly half of all earthquake rubble has been removed , for example , and some 430 kilometers  270 miles  of roads have been rebuilt or repaired . For families and communities fractured by the earthquake , progress has been less visible . They have had to come together to rebuild lives and livelihoods , often in new and creative ways . Children are going back to school and learning how to protect themselves against cholera , parents are creating small businesses and adapting to new farming methods , and community groups are developing systems to access basic services like clean water . These innovations and rebuilding strategies , which began as means of survival , are laying the groundwork for a new Haiti . Much of this groundwork is being laid locally , and by women . There are so many Haitians who are eager to do more to help their communities ; they just need a small window of opportunity . There are many organizations helping to create those opportunities . Oxfam alone has seen more than 1,600 women receive literacy and budget training , and small grants to start businesses to help support their families . In the rural area of Nippes , farmers have developed 4,748 plots of land on which trees , crops , fruit , and livestock are raised together in order to maximize productivity and land use . Local groups also led an effort to rebuild a workshop in the Martissant neighborhood of greater Port-au-Prince to help more than 200 artisans restart their work as steel-craft and construction material workers . One amazing Haitian is Kenia LainÃ © , a young woman in the Artibonite River valley of northern Haiti . She is one of 4.5 million Haitians who earn their living as small-scale farmers or part of the agricultural sector . Kenia recently decided to try her hand at growing rice using a new technique called the System of Rice Intensification . SRI uses less seed , less fertilizer , and less water , and grows more rice . So Kenia found a landowner near where she lives who would allow her to experiment on a small , 100-square-meter  1,100-square-foot  plot . The other farmers teased her when she transplanted her seedlings individually in rows , spaced farther apart , instead of in clumps of four or five , which would allow them to grow stronger roots and better resist pests and diseases . Several weeks later , a heavy rain flattened the rice growing near Kenia 's plot , but hers survived . By the end of October , Kenia was expecting a strong harvest , and there is suddenly a lot of interest in SRI in her community . There is now a pilot project to teach 135 farmers the SRI system . Esline Belcombe , who lost her husband in the earthquake , lives in Corail Camp with her 2-year-old daughter , her mother , and a nephew . Esline is the president of one of several water committees in Corail , a large camp of 20,000 people , where Oxfam has installed about 1.6 kilometers  a mile  of new underground piping to deliver clean water . She received training from Oxfam to manage water and sanitation facilities in her area . Her committee purchases water from a supplier and sells the water at designated kiosks , where camp residents are taught how to buy from safe sources . The profits are used to help the community buy more water and storage supplies . Esline says the key to the committee 's success is managing its own system . She said , "  We want to form our own company to collect and remove rubbish , and then to employ young people who ca n't find work . This is our community now , and we should be responsible . I feel happy and proud to be involved in this work . " Two years later , as we commemorate the lives of family and friends lost , we begin a new chapter with much work ahead of us . For Haitians to truly survive and build a stronger country , they must be empowered . Resilience is not enough . Resilience can become resignation -- and we should fight any resignation to conditions that are unacceptable for human life . Citizens like Kenia and Esline are not "  victims " of the earthquake . They make up a new Haiti , an aspect of life that you may not see in many of the news stories about this second anniversary . But to us , they represent the promise of a vibrant Haitian future . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Yolette Etienne .	Yolette Etienne : Haitians not blaming others for earthquake ruin , they 're working to rebuild She says progress slow ; clean water , health care , jobs scarce ; cholera has killed thousands Women in particular leading local efforts at farming , building small business , water systems Etienne : Innovations empower citizens to not be resigned to bad conditions , to build new Haiti
CNN  -- On Monday Esquire magazine published a massive profile of the Navy SEAL who says he shot Osama bin Laden . Weighing in at some 15,000 words , the story does not identify the killer of al Qaeda 's leader by his real name and refers to him only as "  the Shooter . " Clearly the Shooter wanted to maintain something of the code of silence that is pervasive among the covert warriors of SEAL Team 6 , the unit that mounted the bin Laden operation . What do we learn from the Shooter 's story ? Most critically that the Shooter says he killed bin Laden with two shots at close range as he stood in his third floor bedroom in the compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan , where he had been hiding for more than five years . This account differs in a crucial respect from the book "  No Easy Day " by Mark Owen , a SEAL who also was on the bin Laden raid .  Mark Owen is a pseudonym ; he was quickly revealed to be Matt Bissonnette . In "  No Easy Day , " a runaway bestseller that has stayed on the New York Times bestseller list for the past 22 weeks , Bissonnette writes that the SEALs were 15 minutes into the Abbottabad mission when the point man spotted a male poking his head out of a third floor bedroom . He wrote that the point man shot at the mysterious male , and when the SEALs went inside the third floor bedroom they found him lying on the floor in his death throes . Bissonnette and another SEAL quickly finished him off with several more rounds . The dead man was bin Laden . ` Nightmare ' at home for SEAL who shot Osama bin Laden It 's a much less heroic story than that of the Shooter , who says he encountered bin Laden face-to-face in the bedroom . The Shooter says he saw that bin Laden 's gun was within easy reach , and it was only then that he fired the shots that killed him . The Shooter 's version of bin Laden 's death matches closely the accounts by reporters who have written most authoritatively about it . It also matches what I saw when I was the only outside observer allowed inside the Abbottabad compound before it was demolished in late February 2012 . Accompanied by Pakistani military officers , I examined the bedroom where bin Laden died . The officers showed me a large patch of dark , congealed blood on the low ceiling . It is consistent with the Shooter 's account of firing two rounds at the head of a "  surprisingly tall terrorist " while he was standing up . This evidence tends to undercut Bissonnette 's version of bin Laden 's death . That said , it is worth noting that the night of bin Laden 's death was a very confusing one . As soon as the operation in Abbottabad had started one of the two Black Hawk helicopters crashed . There was a brief but intense firefight with Abu Ahmed al-Kuwaiti , bin Laden 's courier . The SEALs also shot and killed the courier 's brother , sister-in-law and bin Laden 's son Khalid . All this took place in less than 15 minutes on a night when there was no moon and the electricity in the compound and surrounding neighborhood had been turned off . The SEALs were wearing night vision goggles that bathed the compound in a murky , pixilated glow . It was a confusing situation , and that helps explain why Bissonnette 's account differs from that of the Shooter . In fact , Bissonnette 's account virtually eliminates what the Esquire profile asserts is the Shooter 's "  central role in bin Laden 's death . " Navy Seals : A battle for the conscience "  I do n't know why he 'd do that , " the Shooter told Esquire . We keep learning more about the hunt for and the death of Osama bin Laden , but it is a complex story , and , in common with many important historical events , the full facts will take many years to emerge . The Shooter 's account in Esquire is important to help us understand what happened that night , as is Bissonnette 's account . A good deal of the Esquire piece concerns the Shooter 's worries about his future now that he has left the military . "  When he leaves after sixteen years in the Navy , his body filled with scar tissue , arthritis , tendonitis , eye damage , and blown disks , here is what he gets from his employer and a grateful nation : Nothing . No pension , no health care , and no protection for himself or his family . " In fact , pretty much any veteran who leaves before 20 years of service is not going to be eligible for a pension . So should the Shooter be treated any differently ? Indeed , should other members of key Special Operations units like SEAL Team 6 or the Army 's Delta Force who have been at war almost continuously since the 9/11 attacks be given greater benefits given the inordinate amount of combat they have seen ? It 's an idea that may be worth exploring for those who have seen extensive combat , but the fact is that once you start making such exceptions , the floodgates will open . After more than a decade of war , many veterans in conventional military units would also qualify for such preferential treatment . In a time of budget crisis and large cuts at the Pentagon it is hard to make such a case . After all , what about the thousands of Marines who have also been fighting for many years in tough places like Anbar in western Iraq and Helmand in southern Afghanistan ? Should they get a cushy early retirement deal , too ? If the Shooter had wanted to get the full benefits that follow 20 years of service he had a choice : Stay in for another four years to qualify for the pension he clearly deserves . It 's a choice he did n't make .	Esquire published interview with ex-Navy SEAL who says he shot bin Laden Peter Bergen : His account differs from another SEAL who wrote bestseller "  No Easy Day " He says "  the Shooter " gave an account that matches physical evidence on the scene Shooter left military before he became eligible for pension
Modern contraceptives have radically changed women 's lives , but they are not risk free . A new study out of the journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology finds the levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system  LNG-IUS  or progesterone-releasing IUD , may be associated with a higher than expected incidence of breast cancer . This form of IUD was originally developed as a contraceptive , but later was also used as a treatment for women who suffer from heavy periods  menorrhagia  as well as endometriosis and chronic pelvic pain . Levonorgestrel is a synthetic progesterone , which is a hormone that 's naturally produced in a woman 's body . It regulates ovulation . The hormone causes changes to the uterine lining and mucus in the cervix which makes it harder for sperm to reach the uterus , therefore making it more difficult to conceive . Because it strengthens the uterine lining , it helps cut down on heavy bleeding . Levonorgestrel is also the hormone used in the Plan B contraceptive , better known as the morning after pill . In this study , Finnish researchers from the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology at the Hyvinkää Hospital in Hyvinkää , Finland , wanted to examine the association between premenopausal use of the LNG-IUS and cancer rates , especially when it came to endometrial adenocarcinoma  cancer of the uterine wall  . The study followed more than 93,000 Finnish women between the ages of 30 and 49 . All of the subjects were using the hormone-releasing IUD to treat their heavy periods from 1994 to 2007 . At that time , up to 60 % of all LNG-IUSs sold in Finland were used for heavy periods and not for contraception . Investigators found that over time , the device did not significantly raise the risk of uterine cancer or ovarian , pancreatic and lung cancers . But researchers did see a spike in the number of breast cancer cases , especially in women between the ages of 45-49 , compared to women in the general population who were not using this particular IUD . "  The number of diagnosed new breast cancer cases among Finnish women who used LNG-IUS for menorrhagia was 19 % higher than in Finnish general population , " said Dr. Tuuli Soini , the lead author of the study . However , the research does not say that this type of IUD causes breast cancer . Soini also adds "  one limitation of our study was that women suffering from heavy menstruation may in fact represent a selected group of women who may have other risk factors for cancer , such as factors related to lifestyle , genetic factors , just to name a few . " According to Soini , this study is the first linking premenopausal LNG-IUS use and breast cancer . Two earlier studies did not reveal an increased cancer risk , according to the study . For physicians , this research is a new piece of information they can pass on to those patients . "  It 's a great reminder that we need to weigh the benefits of some of these methods against the risks , " said Dr. Angela Marshall , director of Comprehensive Women 's Health in Silver Spring , Maryland . "  We need to educate our patients , because many of these therapies may work , but some could have serious side effects . Women need to be told . Then it 's up to the patient , along with a doctor 's guidance , to make the decision . " The study authors agree . "  LNG-IUS use seemed to protect against endometrial cancer , which is a common cancer type steadily increasing in the population , " said Soini . "  We are still convinced LNG-IUS is the best treatment modality for heavy menstrual bleeding , a common health problem affecting the quality of life of a large proportion of female population overall . We certainly hesitate to recommend any change of the clinical menorrhagia management guidelines . " Soini also stressed , "  However , health benefits and health risks should be carefully taken into account while counseling menorrhagia patients , in relation to any hormonal or surgical therapy . "	Study of Finnish women using progesterone-releasing IUD found higher instance of breast cancer The women were using the IUD to help with their heavy periods Two earlier studies did not show such a risk
A suicide bomber targeted a funeral in northwest Pakistan on Sunday , killing at least 14 people and wounding 37 others , officials said . The blast took place just outside Peshawar , the capital of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , said city police official Kalam Khan . While no one immediately claimed responsibility for the attack , authorities believe the target may have been members of the Awami National Party . Khushdil Khan , a party member who is the deputy speaker of the provincial assembly , had gone to the funeral for a local woman . But he left before the suicide bomber walked up to mourners and blew himself up as they were leaving , police said The Awami National Party , which is part of the governing coalition led by Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani 's Pakistan Peoples Party , is often targeted by the Taliban . In February , an explosion outside a political rally in northwest Pakistan killed five people and wounded 10 , officials said . The Tehrik-e-Taliban , or Pakistani Taliban , claimed responsibility for the blast . "  We carried out the attack , " said Asim Mehsud , the Taliban spokesman for Pakistan 's South Waziristan region . "  We will also target upcoming rallies of the Awami National Party , as it is a secular party . We will also target any other rallies conducted by secular political parties in the future . " In November , party member Hanif Jadoon and his bodyguard were killed in a suicide attack . Jadoon had just finished morning prayers on the Islamic holiday of Eid al-Adha when a bomber approached his car and detonated his explosives . The attack took place in the Swabi district of the province , about 80 kilometers  50 miles  west of Islamabad .	The suicide bomber blows himself up as mourners are leaving , police say An Awami National Party official attends the funeral for a local woman Authorities believe the target may have been Awami National Party members No one immediately claims responsibility
Boston marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev suffered multiple and severe gunshot injuries before his capture in April , newly released court documents show . The most serious of the injuries was a gunshot wound that appeared to enter through the left inside of his mouth and exit through the lower left side of his face , said Stephen Ray Odom , a trauma surgeon who treated Tsarnaev at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center . "  This was a high-powered injury that has resulted in skull-base fracture , with injuries to the middle ear , the skull base , ... his ... vertebrae ... as well as injury to the pharynx ,  and  the mouth . " Odom said in testimony given April 22 , three days after Tsarnaev was arrested following the bombing . His testimony , unsealed Monday , does not say whether the 20-year-old college student inflicted the wound on himself or suffered it during his showdown with police April 19 . Authorities cornered him in a boat in the backyard of a Watertown , Massachusetts , home after an intense manhunt . The final hours that paralyzed Boston Another document unsealed Monday said a special team of federal agents were able to speak with the seriously wounded Tsarnaev for about two days without any Miranda warnings being given , under a "  public safety exception . " The document shows he was read his Miranda rights in the hospital on April 22 . Tsarnaev is charged with killing four people -- three spectators who died in the April 15 bombings and a Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer ambushed in his cruiser a few days later . At least 264 people were wounded in the double bombings , which took place near the marathon finish line . Controversial Rolling Stone cover of Tsarnaev called a ` slap ' to Boston He is awaiting trial , after having pleaded not guilty to 30 federal charges . If convicted , he could receive up to life in prison or the death penalty . His older brother , Tamerlan , is also accused of the attacks . He was killed when Tsarnaev ran over him as police were trying to handcuff him , authorities said . CNN learned in the weeks following the bombing that Tsarnaev admitted to the acts , and said he and his brother acted alone . Sources say he has since stopped talking with the government . Tsarnaev pleads not guilty	Tsarnaev had multiple gunshot wounds , court documents say One wound started inside his mouth and exited his face Tsarnaev was read his Miranda rights on April 22 He faces 30 federal charges tied to the April 15 bombing
CNN  -- Former Real Madrid and Spain midfielder Ruben de la Red officially announced his retirement from football in an emotional press conference on Thursday . De la Red has not played since he collapsed during a Copa del Rey match in October 2008 , with what has since been diagnosed as a heart problem . The 25-year-old , who was a part of Spain 's victorious Euro 2008 squad , will stay at the club and begin a new career as a coach at the Bernabeu . "  I wish to send my support to all those players out there whose careers were also cut short . I am also very grateful to all the people who have supported me , " said de la Red , who was visibly emotional as he addressed the Spanish media . "  I 've fought against this in vain and doctors have advised me to stop . I always dreamt of becoming a football player and to be successful at this club , which is the greatest in the world . "  I am very excited and anxious to start this new stage in my career thanks to the club . I will be able to continue to work at a place I regard as my home . I will try to learn the skills of a coach and I will give my all to be successful . " De la Red is a product of the Real Madrid youth system and made his debut for the Spanish giants in 2004 , before being sold to Getafe in 2007 with an option for Los Blancos to re-sign the player . It was an option Real took up after the midfielder impressed for Getafe during their run to the 2007-08 UEFA Cup quarterfinals . He also earned three caps for Spain , scoring his only international goal in a 3-1 win over Greece in the group stages of Euro 2008 .	Ruben de la Red has officially announced his retirement from football The 25-year-old has not played since 2008 due to a heart condition The former Spain international will now join Real Madrid 's coaching team
CNN  -- The ruler of Dubai 's prestigious Godolphin operation in Britain is at the center of a major doping scandal after 11 of the stable 's horses failed drugs tests . Godolphin said Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum was "  absolutely appalled " after regulator British Horseracing Authority  BHA  found anabolic steroids -- ethylestranol and stanozolol -- in 11 samples taken from 45 horses from its Newmarket stable in eastern England on April 9 . "  I deeply regret what has happened , " said Godolphin trainer Mahmood Al Zarooni , who now faces a BHA disciplinary inquiry , in a statement by Godolphin . "  I have made a catastrophic error . Because the horses involved were not racing at the time , I did not realize that what I was doing was in breach of the rules of racing . "  I can only apologize for the damage this will cause to Godolphin and to racing generally . " Anabolic steroids work on horses as they do on humans -- helping to build strength and muscle . Stanozolol was still legal as recently as 2008 , when Big Brown won the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness Stakes in the U.S. after having regular injections . His trainer 's admission , and the subsequent outcry , led to the drug being widely banned . However , it is still legal for out-of-competition use in Australia , such as helping to overcome injuries . " Any horse that has been treated with anabolic steroids must be free of them by race day , " Racing Victoria vet Dr Brian Stewart told the Sydney Morning Herald on Tuesday in reaction to Monday 's Godolphin announcement . Godolphin is one of the world 's most successful stables , with more than 2,000 race wins since it was formed in 1992 . It has been named Champion British Owner eight times , including last year , while Sheikh Mohammed and his family have also taken the title on multiple occasions going back to the 1980s . Godolphin 's Certify , unbeaten in four career outings and winner of the Shadwell Stud Fillies ' Mile at Newmarket last September , was one of the horses to test positive and will not be allowed to take part in the 1,000 Guineas at Newmarket next month . "  Mahmood Al Zarooni has been advised of the analysts ' findings and has been visited by an investigating officer , " said Adam Brickell , Director of Integrity , Legal and Risk for the BHA . Former Dubai Gold Cup winner Opinion Poll was another horse to test positive . Opinion Poll was ridden to victory in that race by Frankie Dettori , who worked for the Godolphin team for 18 years , but is now serving a six-month ban for doping . Urgent review "  This is a dark day for Godolphin , " said the British stable 's racing manager Simon Crisford . "  We are all shocked by what has happened . His Highness Sheikh Mohammed was absolutely appalled when he was told and this is completely unacceptable to him . "  We will await the outcome of the BHA inquiry before taking any further internal action . "  Sheikh Mohammed has instructed me to begin an urgent review of all of our procedures and controls . That is already underway and we will take advice from the BHA in completing it . " The BHA said the disciplinary hearing will take place at the "  first available opportunity . " "  Ethylestranol and stanozolol are anabolic steroids and therefore prohibited substances under British Rules of Racing , at any time -- either in training or racing , " added Brickell , outlining the sport 's doping rules on the BHA 's website . "  The horses which have produced positive tests will also not be permitted to race with immediate effect and for an extended period of time . "  As part of the ongoing process , a decision will be made as to what period this suspension will be imposed for . "  The BHA understands the importance of this process being carried out as quickly as possible because of implications for betting markets . " Zarooni joined Godolphin in March 2010 and won the St. Leger , one of Britain 's five classics , in his first season . "  News reports so far suggest this case is an aberration and is not indicative of wider use of anabolic steroids in British horse racing , " said National Trainers ' Federation chief executive Rupert Arnold .	A total of 11 horses at prestigious stable Godolphin fail drugs tests Trainer Mahmood Al Zarooni says he is responsible for administering banned steroids Highly-rated filly Certify and Opinion Poll are among horses to test positive The British Horse Racing Association summon trainer to attend disciplinary hearing
CNN  -- Florida A&M University , under fire in the hazing death of a drum major and over its finances , was put on probation for one year by an accrediting agency , officials said Tuesday . FAMU expects more details of the sanction within the next week , the Tallahassee institution said in a statement . Administrators learned from the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges that FAMU 's accreditation is in jeopardy . The loss of accreditation would put thousands of students at risk of not being eligible for federal financial aid . The regional accrediting agency has expressed concerns about academic policies , student rights , the control of finances and the institutional environment , according to FAMU . It asked the university to provide information about policies that protect students when they participate in university-sanctioned events . The Florida Department of Law Enforcement separately investigated alleged "  financial irregularities " involving the marching band . "  It is important to emphasize that FAMU remains an accredited institution , even while under the probation sanction from SACSCOC , " interim university President Larry Robinson in a statement . "  We are committed to addressing the areas of concern , and ensuring that FAMU is compliant with all SACSCOC accreditation standards . " The probation comes as a Florida circuit court judge weighs whether to dismiss a civil lawsuit brought by the family of drum major Robert Champion Jr. , 26 . Champion died in November 2011 after being beaten on a bus in Orlando , Florida , after a football game at which the school 's famed marching band performed . The hazing was part of a ritual known as crossing the bus , in which pledges attempt to run down the center aisle from the front door of the bus to the back while being punched , kicked and assaulted by senior members , band members have said . In September , FAMU responded to the lawsuit by filing court documents saying that the institution was not responsible for Champion 's death . The school asserted that Champion broke the law and school policies when he willingly took part in the hazing that killed him . "  My reaction is that the school did not take the responsibility to keep my son safe , " Robert Champion Sr. said .	Florida A&M University put on probation for one year by accrediting agency Agency looking at finances , policies ; university expects more detail soon Robert Champion , drum major in FAMU band , died in 2011 hazing incident
CNN  -- Pop star Madonna suffered minor injuries Saturday when she was thrown off a horse after it was startled by photographers , her record label said . Madonna is due to begin a European tour on July 4 . The photographers jumped out of the bushes to snap pictures of the 50-year-old singer while she was visiting friends in Bridgehampton , New York , said Liz Rosenberg of Warner Brothers Records . She suffered minor injuries and bruises and doctors will continue to monitor her , Rosenberg said in a statement . In 2005 , Madonna broke three ribs , a hand and a collarbone after she slipped from a saddle during her 47th birthday celebrations . The singer begins a European summer tour that kicks off in London on July 4 .	Madonna suffers minor injuries in fall from horse Artist 's steed was startled by photographers , record label says Pop singer broke three ribs , her hand and her collarbone in 2005 horse fall
CNN  -- A court 's investigation into alleged financial irregularities by football club Barcelona in its purchase of Brazilian superstar Neymar should be expanded to include tax evasion by the club , a Spanish prosecutor argued Wednesday . Prosecutor Jose Perals formally asked a judge , who is already investigating a former Barcelona president in the case , to expand the preliminary investigation , according to a copy of his writ viewed by CNN . The prosecutor alleges that the club avoided paying 9 million euros  more than $ 12 million  in taxes on Neymar 's signing and transfer , corresponding to contracts signed in 2011 and 2013 , through a series of financial maneuvers . Neymar joined Barcelona in June 2013 , with his father -- who doubles as his agent -- having entered into an initial contract with the Spanish giants in late 2011 . In a statement on the club website , Barcelona said its "  dealings with respect to this operation , and in light of all information available , was at all times in line with the relevant legal legislation . " Barca said its lawyers will appear in court "  within the next few days in order to defend its interests and rights . " "  We express our total willingness to collaborate with the justice authorities in this matter , as we have done since the issue arose , " it added . But Barcelona 's former president , Sandro Rosell , who resigned last month after a judge agreed to investigate a lawsuit against him for irregularities in the Neymar deal , has already denied any wrongdoing . Judge Pablo Ruz opened the investigation last month after a legal complaint from one of the members of this fan-owned club . The request to expand the investigation came Wednesday in a eight-page writ from the prosecutor , who alleges that he 's "  become aware of a series of economic transactions by the club , and in favor of various companies , related to the signing of Neymar da Silva Santos Jr. , based at times on simulated contracts . " It may take several days for Ruz to consider the prosecutor 's request at Spain 's National Court in Madrid , said a court spokesman , who by custom is not identified . The investigation originally came after season-ticket holder Jordi Cases complained that the amount paid to bring Neymar from Brazilian club Santos was more than the reported fee of 57.1 million euros . A day after Rosell resigned , the club released figures that showed that Barca actually paid 86.2 million euros for Neymar . Cases ' lawyer , Felipe Izquierdo , earlier told CNN that other Barcelona executives , still working at the club after Rosell 's resignation , also allegedly signed some of the contracts that brought Neymar to the club . Barcelona has confirmed to CNN that one of those signatories was former club VP , and now President , Josep Maria Bartomeu . -- Piers Edwards and Chris Murphy contributed to this report .	A Spanish prosecutor wants investigation into Neymar deal to include all Barca management Jose Perals served investigating judge with seven-page writ on Wednesday Club says its lawyers will appear in court in next few days Barca accused of financial irregularities when buying Brazilian in June 2013
CNN  -- Just days after giving birth to her second child , Dr. Jane Dimer drove herself home from the hospital to find her then-husband in bed with another woman . He threw Dimer down the stairs , and she never saw him again until court . Rihanna was allegedly attacked by her boyfriend , singer Chris Brown , before the Grammys on February 8 . Dimer , now an obstetrician-gynecologist at Group Health Cooperative in Seattle , Washington , had been in an abusive relationship with her husband in Germany for 4 1/2 years until he pushed her out 11 years ago . "  Emotionally , the remnants of that stay for a long time , " she said . Domestic violence is the most common cause of injury to women ages 15 to 44 , according to the National Institutes of Health . With the entertainment world buzzing about pop sensation Rihanna , whose boyfriend Chris Brown has been formally charged with assaulting her , public interest in domestic violence has been reinvigorated . Abuse can influence a victim 's future behavior in relationships and even in friendships , depending on whether the victim stays or leaves , said Mark Crawford , a clinical psychologist based in Roswell , Georgia . Those who stay are likely to stop trusting their own perceptions and become passive in both romantic and nonromantic relationships . Victims who do leave -- which is the healthier choice , Crawford said -- often become over-accommodating because they want to avoid conflict , even verbal disputes , at all costs . Some women wo n't trust people easily , if at all , and wo n't be able to handle even normal expressions of anger . Visit CNNHealth.com , your connection to better living "  What they need to do when they get out of the relationship is make sure they 're aware of their own anger , and then they can learn how to freely express it in a healthy , normal way , " he said . "  If somebody 's still having issues 10 years later , they just have n't worked through it . They have n't healed ; they need to do that . " New research shows that abuse victims feel the impact of violence long after it occurred . A recent study in the Journal of Women 's Health found that older African-American women who were exposed to high levels of family violence at some point in their lifetimes -- whether by a partner or family member -- are at a greater risk of poor mental and physical health status . "  Not just ongoing violence , which everybody thinks about , but even when it 's over , there 's something about what happens that seems to have a lingering effect that we do n't quite understand yet , " said Dr. Anuradha Paranjape , co-author of the study and associate professor at Temple University School of Medicine . It makes sense that abused women would report worse health , given that people in stressful situations have higher levels of stress hormones , which interfere with immune function , Crawford said . Other studies show a clear connection between depression and abuse . Adult women who have been abused in a relationship in the past five years have rates of depression 2 1/2 times greater than women who have never been abused , according to a different study of more than 3,000 women . They are also more likely to be socially isolated , said author Amy Bonomi , associate professor at The Ohio State University . Women who have been abused prior to , but not during , the past five years had depression rates 1 1/2 times greater than those without abuse experience , said Bonomi , who has collaborated with Dimer on research on abused women . "  People like to sort of think that , ` Well , abuse is just when you have a black eye , you sustain a broken bone , ' " Bonomi said . "  But we see lots of different effects in other areas , like depression and social isolation , and we 've actually proven that with the data . " Women who have suffered violence also seem to have a greater likelihood of substance abuse , but it 's unclear how the two are related -- one does n't necessarily cause the other , and there could be other factors involved , Bonomi said . A 2008 study of 3,333 women , which Bonomi worked on , found that middle-aged women who suffered child abuse , sexual or other physical abuse , had a greater likelihood of depression , as well as a higher body mass index . These women also spend up to one-third more than average on health care costs . About 34 percent of women in the sample said they had been abused . While Paranjape 's study found that women with the highest levels of abuse reported having poor health , the same number of diseases were reported among those women as the women in the sample who had less or no abuse . This indicates that there is something else that makes abused women report feeling unwell , she said . "  When your patient says they do n't feel so good , you might want to think about asking what other issues may be going on , " she said . People who have gotten out of a relationship should go through the work of learning what issues set them up in that situation , and reflect on the warning signs , Crawford said . Experts recommend finding a counselor and other means of support , but people who have been abused should think twice about revealing too much in online support groups , because their abusers could discover what they 're saying , Dimer said . Research has also shown that violence escalates in abusive relationships among couples who go to marriage counseling , she said . Some women do feel stronger having been through the experience of abuse , Dimer said . She herself found healing through advocacy and research on the subject , she said . Calling a domestic violence hot line is a good first step for anyone who is experiencing abuse , Dimer said . "  Whether you 're a pop star or somebody that 's working front lines -- an employee at a grocery store selling the pop star magazine -- you 're at equal risk for having this , " she said .	NIH : Domestic violence is the most common cause of injury to women ages 15 to 44 Study : Abused women more likely to have depression , anxiety , joint pain Calling a domestic violence hot line is a good first step for a victim
CNN  -- How can it be that the number of vulnerable and abandoned children is increasing and the numbers of children finding their "  forever families " through adoption is decreasing ? I can not get my head around this shocking fact . What happens to all these kids who desperately need someone to advocate for their very existence ? Where do they go ? Who do they turn to ? How do they survive ? There are an estimated 151 million orphans in the world , which UNICEF defines as a child that 's lost one or more parent . If they were a country , they would together form the 10th largest nation in the world . An estimated 18 million of those have lost both parents -- a figure which would represent 80 % of the population of my home country , Australia . I try to imagine what that visual looks like , if one were to Google Map it and hone in on one face staring back at you , wondering if there is anyone out there that cares about them and their circumstance . I am not a learned scholar or professional worker in international adoption . I am not even an adoption advocate -- I am a child advocate . I am an individual who has witnessed what life is like for children who do n't have anyone to watch their back , or teach them right from wrong , to care about what they think or feel , or the basic human need to feel loved , to feel safe and secure and to feel that they actually matter . I believe everyone deserves be the object of someone 's affection . This journey for me began six years ago when I addressed an article I read in my local newspaper in Australia about adoption . After speaking with the paper and getting the headline the next day , I realized this issue needed a voice in Australia . Many people from the community implored me to keep speaking as there was so much frustration surrounding adoption . The main grievance for families was the difficultly to adopt in Australia , where couples could wait as long as 10 years . I am still talking six years on , having established Adoption Awareness Week Australia . It 's a no brainer for me : You have loving families wanting to care for these kids and kids that desperately need a loving home . We just have to work out a way to put these two together . In my mind one of the greatest crimes of humanity is to take away the innocence of a child , and this is in essence what we are doing if we do not step up and take a look at what is happening to abandoned children all over the world . These kids have literally no self-esteem , they are depressed and without hope and often in extreme danger of exploitation and abuse . If they are not able to be placed with a permanent family , they are either on the streets and prey to abusive predators or being institutionalized and therefore subject to serious mental health and developmental issues . Many are caught in the foster care system , whereby they are always vulnerable to being moved from family to family and never have a sense of belonging . The lack of permanency for these kids has a huge effect on their safety and security . Sadly , the trajectory for many kids who age out of the foster care system is homelessness , crime , drugs and incarceration , to name a few of the horrors . These kids are stuck , because governments can not work out how to parent them . Intercountry adoption is vulnerable because of corruption of the system . Profiteering and child trafficking has understandably caused great concern and is the reason why The Hague Convention on Intercountry Adoption was created to combat such abuse . But it should not be the reason to close down programs that serve so many children . Greater measures of accountability need to be in place to combat the rotten part of the system , but do n't throw the baby out with the bathwater . What needs to be addressed is the systemic core of the sending countries . We need to assist countries that have been rife with poverty and war and lack of education for decades . Until we can get at the core of why there are so many young women and unborn/newborn babies with no real support , they will always be vulnerable . By getting to the root of the problems , there is the possibility of creating an environment that will serve families and there will be fewer abandoned children that need to find another family . My dream would be that there would be no need for adoption and that every child could remain with birth families . When adoption is the best option for these kids , I totally advocate for a well-run system that serves these children and families I believe the biggest reason that intercountry adoption does not work at an optimum is because we have not put in the mind power and energy and resources needed to create a system that works ethically and expediently . Some governments do n't rate abandoned childrens ' issues high on their agenda , unless children are being used as a political pawn , as we witnessed late last year when Russia closed down their program with the U.S. Even the Russian Children 's Rights Commissioner made a statement saying "  I think any foreign adoption is bad for the country . " Bad for the "  country , " not specifically bad for the "  children . " Thousands of children will have to pay the hefty price of that decision , as they will be institutionalized for the remainder of their childhood , never finding a family of their own . I implore everyone to speak up on this matter . You do n't have to adopt a child to show that you care . Just by acknowledging their existence and maybe doing something as simple as taking a minute to think about their plight may lead to a movement , a change , a chance for a better life .	Furness : Number of children globally who have lost both parents nearly equals population of Australia While vulnerable to corruption , the problems of overseas adoption should be solved , not shuttered Governments like Russia have used international adoption as a political chess piece with the U.S. Furness established Adoption Awareness Week Australia to shed light on the orphan plight
CNN  -- Someone went into a large roost of blackbirds in Beebe , Arkansas , as the clock struck midnight Saturday and set off fireworks , contributing to the deaths of scores of blackbirds , a state wildlife spokeswoman said . Last New Year 's Eve , roughly 5,000 birds were found dead in a square-mile area in Beebe , a central Arkansas town about 35 miles northeast of Little Rock through which birds migrate and that is home to a large roost for the birds . Fireworks last year caused otherwise healthy birds to become disoriented and "  fly all over the place " into stationary objects , such as trees and buildings , Arkansas Game and Fish Commission spokeswoman Ginny Porter said . Those birds ' deaths were likely "  not intentional , " Porter added . But questions remain about the intention of the person or persons who set off fireworks that killed about 200 blackbirds this weekend . In light of the fatalities one year earlier , a state wildlife officer and Beebe police officers were patrolling the area mindful of the dangers that fireworks posed to the blackbirds , the wildlife spokesman noted . Even so , 50 birds died when fireworks went off around 7 p.m. Saturday , said Porter , who added , "  We do n't know where or who shot them  fireworks  . " The majority of the blackbird deaths occurred five hours later at midnight , in a bunch of trees , or roost , in a residential area . "  Someone went into the roost and set off fireworks , " the spokeswoman said . " We did n't catch them , we do n't know who . " Blackbirds have poor night vision and do not typically fly at night , according to the game commission . Robbie Stroud , a resident of Beebe , told CNN affiliate KARK that the latest deaths of birds were disarming , but not as jarring as what happened 12 months ago . "  It was pretty wild , " Stroud recalled of the scene last January 1 . "  We got out and backed out of the driveway , and it was freaky , man . There were dead birds lying everywhere . " CNN 's Maggie Schneider and Kara Devlin contributed to this report .	NEW : A Beebe resident recalls last year as "  freaky , " with "  dead birds lying everywhere " About 200 blackbirds die this year in the city after two spurts of fireworks , an official says "  Someone went into the roost and set off fireworks , " she adds About 5,000 birds were found dead in the Arkansas city last New Year 's Eve
Choosing healthier snacks may soon be easier . The Food and Drug Administration says that updating nutrition labels is a priority this year , although it 's unclear when the labels will change . The labels have remained pretty much the same for decades . It was n't until the late 1960s that most food labels listed any nutrition information at all . At the time , labels with calorie or sodium counts were mainly used on products the FDA considered to have "  special dietary uses " -- for people with high blood pressure who were watching sodium , for instance . Most people were making meals at home then , so there was n't a huge demand for this information . That changed as more people started eating processed foods . Noticing the trend , the White House pulled together a conference of nutritionists and food manufacturers in 1969 . But it was n't until 1972 that the FDA proposed regulations about what those nutrition labels should show . Nutrition labeling was voluntary at first . It was n't until 1990 that the FDA required nutrition labels for most prepared and packaged foods . Labels for raw produce and fish remains voluntary . "  It 's time to update  labels  to make  them  easier for consumers to use , " said Margo Wootan , director of nutrition policy for the Center for Science in the Public Interest . The nonprofit organization advocates for better safety and nutrition information in the food industry . "  This is a chance to make  the labels  better and help make it easier for people to choose healthier options , " Wootan said . There 's been a shift in shoppers ' priorities as nutrition is better understood , and people now have a better idea of what they should watch on a label , the FDA said . The focus has been on fat content ; now nutritionists say calorie counting may be more important and should be broken down better for consumers . The Center for Science in the Public Interest gave the FDA its wish list for these labels . It wants a label that will emphasize calorie counts , perhaps in a bigger or bolder font size or in a number highlighted in some way . The organization would also like added sugar to get its own line on labels . Studies show many Americans eat more sugar than they realize . Our bodies do n't need sugar to function , according to the American Heart Association . Right now , it 's hard to know what 's natural sugar and what 's added from reading a label . Manufactures are allowed to combine the two . The heart association recommends you limit added sugar to no more than half of the daily discretionary calories you 're supposed to have . That means for American men , about 150 calories a day or nine teaspoons . For women it 's a smaller amount -- no more than 100 calories per day from added sugar , or about six teaspoons of sugar . The Center for Science in the Public Interest would also like to limit the amount of math you now have to do when counting calories . If you have ever looked at a label and realize you 've eaten twice the serving size , you 'll appreciate that request . The organization also hopes to make the ingredient lists larger with better spacing . More Americans are interested in what 's on these food labels . The U.S. Department of Agriculture noticed a statistically significant jump in a study it released this month . The study showed 42 % of working-age adults between 29 and 68 looked at these labels most of the time when shopping , or even said they always did . Some 57 % of Americans older than 68 did as well . In a 2007 USDA study , 34 % of working-age adults looked at the label , and 51 % of Americans older than 68 did . The increase is good news as the United States struggles with an obesity epidemic . More than a third of all Americans are obese , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Some studies have shown that people who read labels eat healthier . One 2005 study of African-American shoppers in North Carolina found that to be true . A 2012 study of college students in Minnesota saw similar results .	The Food and Drug Administration is looking at how to update nutrition labels Experts want easier to read calorie counts and sugar amounts Studies show people who read nutrition labels eat healthier
CNN  -- Golf 's new star Jordan Spieth drew level with Martin Kaymer at the top of the Players Championship leader board Saturday as the pair continued their personal battle for victory at the ` fifth major . " Spieth , who lit up the Masters with his inspired play at not yet 21 years of age , has not dropped a shot all week on the testing TPC Sawgrass course and scrambled for an inspired par on the final hole of the third round . The left him on 12-under 204 after a 71 and drew him level with front runner Kaymer , who bogeyed the 18th to fall back to that mark . Germany 's Kaymer , who opened with a joint course record 63 had to settle for a level par 72 on what is traditionally moving day at most tournaments , but the lead duo still kept a three-shot lead over nearest challengers Sergio Garcia of Spain and Australian John Senden . Spieth also made superb par saves on the 14th and 16th and wants to keep his run going on the last day with a $ 1.8 million prize up for grabs . It would be really cool to play the whole tournament that way and that should be my goal tomorrow , with a couple more putts falling , " he said . England 's Lee Westwood is another two shots back after a 71 left him on seven-under-par , the same mark as his Ryder Cup colleague Francesco Molinari of Italy , whose 67 was the joint lowest score of the day . Spieth , who eventually had to give best to Bubba Watson at Augusta in the first major of the season , admitted that the defeat still rankles . "  Augusta left me feeling a little hungry , " he told the official PGA Tour website . He expects to receive the support of the galleries in what Kaymer is comparing to a Ryder Cup style situation , man against man . "  Hopefully we 'll get out there and give them something to cheer for , " Spieth said , "  and try and gain momentum off of the fans who have been so special here . " But 2008 winner Garcia , second last year to the absent Tiger Woods , may well be a factor again and he might have been closer to the leaders but for a three-putt bogey on the famous par-three 17th . Last year he dumped his tee shot into the water to hand the title to Woods and says he has learned from the experience . "  I 'm looking forward to the final round . I am excited about it and going to give it my best shot like last year . "  Hopefully I will be in the same situation and able to handle the 17th and 18th better . "	Martin Kaymer and Jordan Spieth tied after third round of Players Will be paired again on final day Sunday John Senden and Sergio Garcia nearest challengers Franceso Molinari moves up with joint best of day 67
CNN  -- A massive dust storm swept through parts of Australia on Wednesday , bathing the city of Sydney in a reddish haze . The Sydney Harbour Bridge is seen on Wednesday in Sydney , Australia . Susan Paget marveled at the eerie red view from the balcony of her apartment in Manly , a suburb of Sydney , and said she took the day off work to avoid the dust storm mess . "  It just feels dirty and rusty , " Paget told CNN . "  It was totally bizarre to wake up around 5:30 a.m. and see such a red bizarre sky . " A video Paget submitted to CNN 's iReport showed thick haze , which made it difficult to see her neighbors ' homes . Watch Paget 's updated iReport Health officials in Sydney warned residents to stay in indoors if possible , especially if they had asthma or heart and lung conditions . "  Avoid spending too much time outdoors due to the high particle levels and hazardous air quality , " the New South Wales Department of Heath Web site said . See images of the dust storm " The Ambulance Service of New South Wales said the dust storm had kept it busy with emergency calls . "  We have already seen an increase in calls to people suffering from asthma and other respiratory problems , " the agency said in a statement . Watch a news report on the haze " iReporter Mark Clarke told CNN he woke up earlier than usual with a stuffy nose and cough at his home in Stanmore , a suburb of Sydney . iReporter : "  It was like Mars " He pulled the curtains back and saw a "  strange red orangish glow coming from outside . " "  It feels and smells like a vacuum cleaner exploded , " he said . Watch Clarke 's iReport The country 's bureau of meterology attributed the red haze to strong north-westerly winds which blew the dust overnight to Sydney and regions west of the capital . During the day , the dust blanket moved north onto the Queensland capital of Brisbane . The bureau of meterology 's senior forecaster Tony Auden told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation that the haze was likely to continue moving north . "  It should make its way up into the Sunshine Coast and into those Capricornia and central coast areas soon , " he said . "  For the south-east expect it to probably linger for the rest of today and hopefully settle out of the air overnight . "	Residents of Sydney , Australia wake to eerie red haze over surrounding areas Weather forecasters say strong north-westerly winds blew dust in overnight Wind blew dust storm north onto Brisbane , predicted to move further north iReporter : "  It was totally bizarre to wake up and see such a red bizarre sky "
A federal civil complaint in Texas claims the defendants may have falsified prescriptions , lied to pharmacies and perhaps even broken the law , but they 're not drug runners . They 're officials from the Texas Department of Criminal Justice , responsible for executing death row inmates . The complaint , filed in October , is one example of the lengths death-penalty states are willing to go to acquire drugs for lethal injections . Texas , which declined to comment on the pending case , is among 32 death-penalty states scrambling to find new drug protocols after European-based manufacturers banned U.S. prisons from using their drugs in executions -- among them , Danish-based Lundbeck , which manufactures pentobarbital . "  The states are scrambling to find the drugs , " says Richard Dieter , executive director of the Washington-based Death Penalty Information Center . "  They want to carry out these executions that they have scheduled , but they do n't have the drugs and they 're changing and trying new procedures never used before in the history of executions . " States have been forced to try new drug combinations or go to loosely regulated compounding pharmacies that manufacturer variations of the drugs banned by the larger companies . The suit against Texas alleges the state corrections department falsified a prescription for pentobarbital , including the patient name as "  James Jones , " the warden of the Huntsville Unit "  where executions take place , " according to court documents . Additionally , the drugs were to be sent to "  Huntsville Unit Hospital , " which , the documents say , "  has not existed since 1983 . " The suit said the pharmacy was unaware of the purpose for the order and when it found out it canceled the order before it was filled . In a letter obtained by CNN , dated October 4 of this year , Woodlands Compounding Pharmacy , which was requested to provide drugs to Texas officials says it believed its "  information would be kept on the ` down low ' " by the TDCJ . " The plaintiffs also allege the state did not produce a purchase order , instead using an individual employee 's credit card to make the purchase . The pharmacy is asking the TDCJ to return the drugs it sold the state . It is unclear whether they have . Maurie Levin , one of the attorneys representing the inmates , said , "  We believe that TDCJ 's purchase of compounded pentobarbital from Woodlands Pharmacy violates numerous state laws . The vast majority of compounded drugs can only be mixed or sold pursuant to a doctor 's prescription . TDCJ did not get a prescription for its purchase of compounded drugs . There are exceptions to the requirement , but TDCJ 's purchase does not qualify for any of them . " In September , Texas even turned to another state , Virginia , for a supply of Nembutal , according to documents provided to CNN by Berkeley Law staff attorney Jen Moreno . Death row inmates say using untested drugs is "  cruel and unusual punishment , " and several have filed federal lawsuits to delay executions until drug protocols have been reviewed . Ohio was set to execute Ron Phillips on Thursday using a two-drug cocktail never before used in an execution . Ohio 's Department of Rehabilitation and Correction said it "  was unable to obtain a sufficient quantity of pentobarbital . " Instead it was set to use the sedative midazolam and pain-killer hydromorphone in a lethal dosage . Ohio Gov. John Kasich stayed Phillips ' execution this week pending a review of possible organ donation to his family members . Missouri was set to use propofol , the infamous drug from the Michael Jackson case , in an execution last month , but the governor halted it after he was warned the European Union might halt shipments of the drug , leading to shortages for medical purposes . Deborah Denno , a law professor at Fordham University , said a new combination of drugs used in the execution of Florida inmate William Happ last month took 14 minutes to kill him instead of the usual seven . "  There is absolute chaos among the states , " Denno said . "  So , every few months it seems we see a different state using a different type of drug , or types of drugs . " Jim Petro , the Republican former attorney general of Ohio , presided over 19 executions but no longer supports the death penalty . "  An attorney general is bound to follow the statute , " he said . "  Duty is duty . " Dieter said using untested drugs amounts to experimentation on human beings : "  They 're guilty people who did these crimes , but that does n't ameliorate our ethical obligations . "	Civil suit claims Texas falsified prescriptions to acquire drugs for lethal injections Death penalty states are scrambling to find drugs for executions Several lawsuits call use of untested drugs "  cruel and unusual punishment "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Late 90s Beijing . Those were the days . Forgive the wistful opening but it 's true . The saccharine pop hit "  Xin Tai Ruan " may have played endlessly on the radio and the "  Titanic " screensaver displayed on virtually every cubicle PC , but I forgive the kitsch of that era . It was a time before China became a top destination for resume-wielding MBAs . And it was a time of intellectual exchange between curious locals and sinophile expats , each drawn by a strong mutual interest in culture , music , and emerging technology . In circa 1997 Beijing , there was no relentless gridlock or constant smartphone use to prevent free and open exploration in the real world . And there were only 620,000 Internet users across the entire country . This was the dawn of dot-coms in China . Cigarettes and instant noodles When I could n't land my dream job as a full-time reporter in Beijing , I took up a post with a fledgling Chinese Internet firm I had covered as a freelancer . That start-up would later grow into Sohu , one of China 's leading Internet companies . Its original one-room office in the Bright China Chang An Building was spartan to say the least . Forget the gourmet canteens of Baidu today . Seventeen years ago , the dotcom diet in Beijing was MSG-laced instant noodles and cigarettes at your desk . I was the only Western woman in the company and one of a few thousand Western expats in the city . If you were an expat in pre-World Trade Organization China , you were probably there because of a genuine interest in the country and its culture . We were n't there to exploit the economic opportunity of a so-called rising China . We were just there for an adventure . Dotcom game In 1999 , I met fellow American expat Porter Erisman for dinner while he was leading the Internet marketing group at Ogilvy & Mather in Beijing . He was curious about jumping into the China dotcom game and wanted to know more about what it was like . I recently caught up with Porter to reminisce about that time and learn more about why he decided to take that risk and join a Chinese Internet start-up . "  I had a number of clients who had different Internet start-ups and they all looked like they were having such a great time , so I wanted to join in and be part of it , " he tells me . "  I met with different managers of different companies , and the one I finally felt comfortable with was Alibaba just because they had a very international mindset . " Porter joined Alibaba.com in April 2000 and for the next eight years worked as a vice president in charge of the company 's international website operations , marketing and corporate affairs . He witnessed Alibaba 's rise from a tiny start-up running out of a small apartment to a global Internet giant . And even though he left his post there a few years back , Porter is thrilled for the company as it goes to market with its blockbuster IPO . "  For me , there 's some satisfaction in seeing that the company I played a role in building in the early days has grown to become possibly the world 's largest e-commerce company , " he says . Porter left Alibaba to become a consultant and filmmaker . In his documentary film , "  Crocodile in the Yangtze , " he tells the story of Alibaba 's struggle in its early years and eventual triumph over eBay in China . Far from over I too left my Chinese dotcom to become a storyteller of sorts . Over the years , I 've shared my experiences in China 's nascent IT industry and ventured into journalism . Seventeen years ago in Beijing , there were riveting debates in tea houses and over hot pot dinners . It 's since been forced into the open in a very big way thanks to the rise of social media and mobile messaging now reaching more than 600 million Chinese . As a journalist , the tension and the opportunity of China 's now mammoth dotcoms has been a thrill to both witness and report . And the story is far from over .	CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout worked for Sohu , a Chinese tech start-up , in the 1990s Sohu and peers like Alibaba are now some of the world 's biggest Internet companies Back then , offices were spartan and lunch was instant noodles , not gourmet canteens The rise of China 's mammoth dotcoms has been a thrill to both witness and report
CNN  As goal celebrations go it was almost certainly unique but Roma captain Francesco Totti had plenty to celebrate . His title challenging side was trailing 2-0 to arch city rival Lazio in the Rome derby before the veteran striker worked his magic in the second half . Totti cut the arrears with a fine angled strike in the 48th minute of the clash in the Olympic Stadium . He then claimed his second and the vital equalizer as connected with Jose Holebas 's curling delivery for an acrobatic finish . In frenzied celebrations , Totti promptly grabbed a mobile telephone from one of the Roma coaching staff and took a ` selfie ' picture of himself . The shot was later posted on the club 's official Facebook page and has gone viral on social media . It was the 38-year-old 's 239th goal in Serie A in his 22nd season with Roma . Neither side could add to its tally in a frantic finale to a fine match . Totti needs another 35 to match Silvio Piola 's all-time Serie A record of 274 , and temporarily drew Rudi Garcia 's team level at the top with Juventus . However , the title holders beat Napoli 3-1 away later Sunday to go three points clear -- their victory down to a pair of stunning strikes from Paul Pogba and Arturo Vidal and a rare goal from Martin Caceres . The earlier draw was a blow to Lazio 's slim title hopes , left nine points adrift in third place Man Utd stunned In the English Premier League , Manchester United 's title challenge also suffered a massive setback , losing 1-0 at Old Trafford to Southampton . In a lackluster affair , Dusan Tadic 's second-half goal gave the visitors a vital three points to leapfrog United into third in the standings . Juan Mata wasted two fine chances to level for Louis van Gaal 's side , which was seeing its 11-match unbeaten run ended . Earlier , Alexis Sanchez scored twice for Arsenal who beat Stoke 3-0 at the Emirates to move into fifth spot in the battle for Champions League places . Messi stars for Barca Lionel Messi set up goals for Neymar and Luis Suarez and scored the clinching third as Barcelona grabbed a crucial 3-1 win over La Liga champions Atletico Madrid . Messi , the subject of speculation about his future at the Nou Camp , also conceded the penalty which gave Atletico hope when he was adjudged to have brought down Jesus Gamez . Mario Mandzukic scored from the spot to cut Barca 's lead to 2-1 , but Messi scored from close range to seal three points for his team which leaves them a point behind leaders Real Madrid . Both Barcelona and Atletico , now four points adrift , has played a game more than Real .	Francesco Totti double rescues Roma in 2-2 derby draw with Lazio Totti celebrates by taking a ` selfie of himself on the pitch Barcelona beats Atletico in La Liga showdown Man Utd in shock home loss in English Premier League
CNN  -- On January 12 , a magnitude-7 .0 quake struck Haiti just southwest of the capital , Port-au-Prince . On February 27 , an 8.8-magnitude quake hit Chile near that nation 's second largest city , Concepcion . That same day there was a 7.0 quake off the coast of Okinawa , Japan , and just this week a 6.4 quake hit southern Taiwan . The Fact Check Desk looked at whether all of the seismic activity could be related . Fact Check : Is there any connection between the recent deadly earthquakes ? • Dr. Kurt Frankel of the Georgia Institute of Technology , who specializes in active tectonics , says that earthquakes are sporadic and unpredictable in nature . • According to Frankel , the fact that these relatively strong quakes would strike around the same time is merely coincidence . Because the quakes did happen one after another , earthquakes are on people 's mind , Frankel explained . "  Had the quakes in Haiti and Chile not occurred recently , we might not have even been interested in the other quakes , " he said . • CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said earthquakes can trigger other seismic activity , but added that those four aforementioned events were too far apart in both time and distance to be connected . • The U.S. Geological Survey on its Web site takes on the assertion that two major earthquakes in the same day must be related . Their answer : not likely . This is because Earth 's surface is not rigid enough to transfer the stress over long distances . "  There is evidence to suggest that earthquakes in one area can trigger seismic activity within a few hundred miles , " they write . "  There is also evidence that some major earthquakes manage to trigger seismicity over much greater distances  thousands of miles  , but these triggered quakes are small and very short lived . " • The USGS estimates there are several million earthquakes each year and the National Earthquake Information Center locates about 50 quakes per day . However , large quakes measuring 8.0 and higher occur only about once a year on average . Bottom Line : While earthquakes can , and do , trigger other seismic events , the recent earthquakes in Haiti , Chile , Japan and Taiwan are not thought by experts to be connected . Got something that needs checking ? E-mail us at factcheck@cnn.com	Fact Check : Is there any connection between the recent deadly earthquakes ? Earthquakes are sporadic , unpredictable in nature , says Georgia Tech expert CNN meteorologist : Great time intervals , distances indicate quakes are n't connected While quakes often trigger other seismic events , recent events are thought to be unrelated
CNN  -- In the past , if you wanted to be able to be able to lift more weight you would have to spend months bulking up at the gym . Now , with a new invention from a group of engineering students at the University of Pennsylvania , you can just strap on an external bicep and you are ready to go . The bionic device , called the Titan Arm , is the brainchild of four mechanical engineering students who , in their final undergraduate year , built an upper-body exoskeleton that can be used in physical therapy and manual labor . The invention won its inventors $ 10,000 in the Cornell Cup for Innovation and has recently been shortlisted for the 2013 Dyson award . The Titan Arm straps directly to a user 's right arm to help lift heavy objects that the user would n't normally be able to lift . Its inventors believe that it will be useful in aiding physical rehabilitation , both for people who have suffered upper body injuries and for those with pre-existing muscular-skeletal disorders . The Titan Arm 's inventors say the exoskeleton can also be used by people whose jobs require heavy lifting such as warehouse workers , removalists and couriers . "  With the Titan Arm , we wanted to create something that could both augment a user 's natural strength as well as help someone perform physical therapy in their own home , " says Elizabeth Beattie , one of the Titan Arm 's inventors . "  We wanted to create something that was low-cost and easy for a user to put on and strap to themselves . " According to the United States Department of Labour , back disorders are one of the leading causes of disability for people during their working years . The American National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health says that back problems afflict over 600,000 employees each year with a cost of around $ 50 billion annually to the U.S. economy . The problem is significant in other countries : the World Health Organisation says that worldwide , 37 % of lower back pain is due to injuries sustained in the workplace . Beattie says that addressing this problem while being attentive to user comfort was one of the primary motivating principles in designing the device : "  We wanted something that was comfortable for the user , something that mimics the body 's natural mobility and range , so we definitely went through a lot of testing in order to get to where the design is right now . " The Titan Arm attaches to a user 's right arm with a power motor at its elbow joint . The bionic limb can lift approximately 40 pounds of weight , augmenting a user 's natural strength . The arm is predominantly made of aluminum and steel components , and is powered by a DC battery . As well as helping lift weight , the arm can also be locked into any position with a ratchet brake to hold an object steady without any exertion from the user . JD Albert , an engineer and co-founder of E-Ink , calls the Titan Arm "  exciting , " but adds : "  I would caveat that with the fact that it 's a very tough product to launch for a lot of reasons ... it needs to feel right  and  I think there 's also some pretty significant safety concerns ... We are taking a piece of machinery and integrating it with a person and so naturally you need to make sure that there 's no way to injure someone . " Still , Albert says that for young engineers , the Titan Arm represents an impressive achievement : "  They 've managed to combine a pretty wide variety of disciplines both dealing the mechanical side of things -- the design and the electrical -- and the software side of things as well . " Beattie says that the Titan Arm team intends to keep working on the exoskeleton with a view to one day bringing it to market : "  The four of us definitely want to use our engineering tool kits to better the quality of life of those around us . I think that 's one of the things that technology really has the power to do . "	University of Pennsylvania students develop upper-body exoskeleton The invention can lift 40 lbs and be used for physical rehabilitation The Titan Arm won the Cornell Cup for Innovation Inventor JD Albert described the device as "  exciting "
CNN  You can pretend you 're totally someone else at any bar after enough drinks . But to pretend you 're totally somewhere else ? That requires a more inspired atmosphere . The transportive kind . With , say , exotic opium den decor and a last-call gong . Or vintage 1970s home furnishings and a dude in a mustache serving loaded sno-cones out of an old Airstream in the back . Or a fake log cabin featuring flaming toasted marshmallow cocktails and a friendly reminder at the entrance that "  only you can prevent forest fires . " Naturally , all of these drinking scenes are available in Los Angeles -- home to some of the most treasured theme bars anywhere . With so many of them , where do we start ? How about with some favorite haunts , where alcohol would n't be caught dead without a chaser of intoxicating kitsch . The Bigfoot Lodge Theme : Cabin in the woods Neighborhood : Atwater Village Signature drink : Toasted Marshmallow  1921 Tequila Cream , rum , honey , fernet , toasty marshmallows The great outdoors concept runs sufficiently wild at this treasured bar full of stuffed rodents and a local crowd of Angelenos drinking ` round the fire like they 're actually coming in from the cold . Smokey the Bear stands guard at the front entrance . A Sasquatch statue looms by the bar , along with an animatronic squirrel with an ax . Wait staff hustle around in flannel serving drinks called Girl Scout Cookie and Backwoods Banana Hammock . Are you in the Sierras or just some tame bedroom community wedged between L.A. and the Valley ? After enough $ 5 Moscow Mules at happy hour  5-9 p.m.  this may actually turn into a debate . The Bigfoot Lodge , 3172 Los Feliz , Los Angeles ; + 323 662 9227 Good Times at Davey Wayne 's Theme : '70s Neighborhood : Hollywood Signature drink : "  Some People Call Me Maurice "  Cinnamon-infused Vida mezcal , Crème de Cacao , Crème de Menthe , coffee , cream In hipster Hollywood , theme bars come and go about as fast as the latest cocktail craze . One of the latest hit drinking scenes looks like it 's been here since Marcia Brady threw that crazy , naughty house party when Mike and Carol were away for the weekend . While that may be an episode we all sadly missed , fans of the grooviest bygone decade can play it out themselves in this fake '70s - style house and patio -- cleverly hiding behind a fridge door in the back of a faux garage . Inside it 's a swirl of green couches , homey lamps , family photos and hockey trophies on the mantle . DJs spin T. Rex and old Rod Stewart atop a wood-encased TV set . Bartenders pour Old Fashioneds on tap . Out back , crowds veg in hammocks and gather ` round a converted Airstream trailer where sno-cone cocktails are served by a guy sporting a pre - "  Dance Fever " moustache . Best of all , Mom and Dad never seem to come home here . Good Times at Davey Wayne 's , 1611 N. El Centro Ave. , Los Angeles ; + 323 962 3804 Tiki-Ti Theme : Polynesian Neighborhood : Silver Lake Signature drink : Ray 's Mistake  Botanic liqueurs , passion fruit , dark corub rum , "  secret " flavors Never judge a bar by its size . The yardstick of L.A. tiki bars , Tiki-Ti  which can barely fit a yardstick inside of it  has been confirming this wise adage since 1961 when patrons began squeezing into this family-run , overly adorned , shack-like landmark on outer Sunset Boulevard -- home to some of the strongest fruity cocktails between here and Vanuatu . Crammed with an ever-accruing inventory of tiki masks and other South Pacific bric-a-brac  regulars keep bringing in stuff for the walls  , the bar 's dozen stools and handful of tables draw a mishmash of east side hipsters and Jimmy Buffet types . And a line on weekends . Nearly 100 tropical libations are on the drink menu , which includes an Uga Booga  but no wine or beer  and a cocktail wheel for indecisive types to spin . Other crowd pleasers include a smoke-like-it 's - the - '70s policy inside and enough atmosphere to fill a hundred Trader Vic 's . Cash only . Tiki-Ti , 4427 Sunset Blvd. , Hollywood ; +1 323 669 9381 Saddle Ranch Chop House Theme : Urban cowboy Neighborhood : West Hollywood Signature drink : Ranch AMF  vodka , gin , rum , tequila , sweet and sour , Blue Curaçao A big ol' wooden lair done up with hay bales , aged farming equipment , driftwood signs reading "  Rustlers will be shot " and mannequins in racy Western regalia peaking out of second story windows , this steak and taters place with about 100 TVs serves massive enough drinks and ambiance to qualify as an honorary theme bar . Even on the flashy Sunset Strip , Saddle Ranch Chop House stands out a mite . It 's a knee-slappingly welcome relief from the usual velvet-rope attitude doled out on this street . Cocktails are served in 1 1/2 - liter carafes . Out on the patio , there are campfire pits for do-it-yourself s ` more roasting . And , yes , there 's a mechanical bull . It 's the only one  we know of  in Los Angeles -- aside from the three you 'll find in a larger Saddle Ranch location just over the hill at Universal CityWalk . Saddle Ranch Chop House , 8371 Sunset Blvd. , West Hollywood ; +1 323 656 2007 El Carmen Theme : Mexican cantina Neighborhood : Mid-City West Signature drink : La Seductora  Herradura Reposado tequila , agave nectar , watermelon juice , lime juice , cucumbers , mint Are fiery walls aglow with Mexican wrestling posters , ` round-the-calendar Christmas lights and a bull 's head enough to transport you from the actual location of this compact drinking hive  seven blocks from the Beverly Center  into Lucha Libre land ? Por que no ? Especially when factoring in the bar 's huge selection of tequilas  more than 400 at last count  and tasty antojitos menu . On any given weekend night the place is filled with a mezcal-conversant crowd still young enough to count Thursdays as the weekend . And most Wednesdays . El Carmen , 8138 W. 3rd St. , Los Angeles : +1 323 852 1551 Good Luck Bar Theme : Far East Neighborhood : Los Feliz Signature drink : Yee Mee Loo  vodka , white rum , pineapple juice , coconut cream , Blue Curaçao It should come as no surprise in L.A. that the city 's most alluringly overdone Old Orient lounge has been hiding for years on a drab corner of outer Hollywood Boulevard across from an Auto Zone and next door to a vacuum and janitorial supplies store . Do n't be put off by the misleading exteriors . It 's what 's inside that counts . Namely , every opium den decor cliche on the list . Paper lanterns . Bamboo stools . Dragons on the ceiling . Cozy rooms with walls as red as Mao 's Little Book . And do n't forget the last-call gong . All very authentic feeling after enough Singapore Slings . Good Luck Bar , 1514 Hillhurst Ave. , Los Angeles ; +1 323 666 3524 Jordan Rane writes regularly for CNN Travel and The Los Angeles Times . A Lowell Thomas Award recipient from the Society of American Travel Writers , his work on travel and the outdoors has spanned six continents and appeared in over 50 publications . He lives in Los Angeles .	At these L.A. haunts , the drinks come with a chaser of kitsch Smokey the Bear guards the entrance of The Bigfoot Lodge Like T-Rex and Rod the Mod ? It 's all '70s at Good Times at Davey Wayne 's Of course L.A. has a superb tiki bar
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Music fans who buy concert tickets during Live Nation 's "  No Service Fee Wednesday " may be surprised when they check their receipt and see some service fees were charged . Concertgoers expecting service-free tickets during a Live Nation promotion may still find fees . Live Nation 's announcement for the promotion -- and stories based on their news release -- did not mention the concert promoter 's narrow definition of a "  service fee . " "  Fans will still be asked to pay parking fees  usually $ 6  as well as in some cases facility fees and/or charity fees , " Live Nation spokesman John Vlautin wrote in a reply to CNN 's request for clarification . Still , the promotion will save consumers several dollars on amphitheater lawn seats bought from 12:01 a.m. to 11:59 p.m. Wednesday . Vlautin did not respond to CNN 's question about why the promotion was called "  No Service Fee Wednesday " if there were still fees added to the base cost of each ticket -- or why it was not disclosed in the announcement . Service fees tacked on to ticket purchases -- averaging a third of the base price -- have long been a source of grumbling from concertgoers . "  People get a little ticked off when they think they 're paying $ 20 for a ticket and as they progress along the various pages of the electronic transaction they see more fees added along the way , " said Ray Waddell , who writes about live music tours for Billboard magazine . When buying tickets online using a credit card , the buyer does not see the total charged -- with the added fees -- until after they 've submitted the order . Live Nation discloses this in its "  terms and conditions " statement : "  Live Nation Ticketing may assess a convenience charge on each ticket purchased and/or ordered for certain events . " The parking fee , which does not actually pay for a parking space , is on each ticket -- even if the fan does n't drive to the show . "  We have always charged it this way to alleviate traffic issues that occur when the fee is taken at the lot entrance , " Vlautin said . A facility fee is "  charged at some venues and goes to defray the cost of venue maintenance , " he said . Vlautin did not respond to CNN 's request for a detailed list of service fees that will be waived during "  No Service Fee Wednesday . " Live Nation only began selling tickets to its own concerts last year , just months before announcing plans to merge with Ticketmaster -- the world 's largest ticket-seller . Before that , Live Nation promoted shows but had no infrastructure to sell tickets , and it contracted out to Ticketmaster or others to sell them . The Ticketmaster-Live Nation merger plan has drawn criticism . The Justice Department launched an investigation of the proposed merger in February . Neither Live Nation nor Ticketmaster executives would respond to questions about the merger . However , Ticketmaster CEO Irving Azoff did talk about it before a U.S. Senate subcommittee earlier this year . " -LSB- The merger -RSB- will give us greater flexibility in how we promote , market and sell tickets to events . It will give us a pathway to alternative pricing and fee structures . And we will be better able to develop new and innovative products and services that enhance the fan experience and make all forms of entertainment more accessible to everyone . "	Live Nation promotion does n't mention narrow definition of a "  service fee " Company says no service fees charged from 12:01 a.m. to 11:59 p.m. Wednesday Spokesman tells CNN : Fans will still pay parking , facility or charity fees Billboard writer says "  people get a little ticked off " when they see the charges
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A Marine was killed in action and several others wounded Thursday in a major U.S.-led offensive in southern Afghanistan , the Marines said . U.S. Marines prepare for Operation Khanjar at Forward Operating Base Dwyer , Afghanistan , on Thursday . The push , called Operation Khanjar , is targeting militants in Helmand province , a Taliban stronghold and poppy-growing region . The forces are attempting to gain and hold ground in the perilous region ahead of national elections in August . Almost 4,000 Marines and sailors , along with several hundred Afghan security forces and British troops , worked to clear Taliban militants from population centers in the Helmand River valley . They have been operating in the districts of Nawa and Garmsir in central Helmand province and "  as far south as the vicinity of Khan Neshin , the capital of Rig district in the region of the Helmand River valley known as ` The Fishhook . ' " The Marines stressed the mission "  is to provide security for population centers " and "  connect local citizens with their legitimate government while establishing stable and secure conditions for national elections . " Helmand 's governor , Gulab Mangal , said he believes the operation will work and has assured the populace that it will provide security for them . His spokesman also confirmed that resistance had been minimal . The Marines said about 80 percent of the American troops are in direct combat , with the rest working in support . Taliban resistance has been light and sporadic , consisting of intermittent small arms fire , the Marines said on Thursday . The troops have encountered only relatively small groups of militants . "  Indications are the militants break away shortly after they make contact , " Marine spokesman 1st Lt. Abe Sipe said , referring to what is regarded as the Taliban 's habit of running and hiding after troops confront them . A Taliban spokesman said the group 's fighters had killed 33 soldiers and destroyed several vehicles . CNN could not independently verify the Taliban claims because of safety and access issues . There has been an outcry in Afghanistan over civilian deaths in the Afghan war 's crossfire , with much ire directed toward coalition air operations . But the Marine Expeditionary Brigade-Afghanistan emphasized in a news release that the Marines have not "  received any confirmed reports of civilian casualties or damage to property . " They said they have not utilized "  artillery or other indirect fire weapons , and no bombs have been dropped from aircraft . " The brigade operates under NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . The assault has prompted Pakistani authorities to redeploy troops along the Afghan border to stop Taliban from escaping the push in Helmand . More than 30 U.S. , British and Danish troops have been killed there since January , with the latest being the Marine on Thursday and a pair of British soldiers slain in Helmand on Wednesday . The push is the largest since the Pentagon began moving additional troops into the conflict this year , and it comes after a British-led operation launched last week in the same region , the Marines said . When President Obama announced his strategy toward Afghanistan and Pakistan , he said American soldiers and Marines "  will take the fight to the Taliban in the south and the east , and give us a greater capacity to partner with Afghan security forces and to go after insurgents along the border . " He also said the bolstered deployment "  will also help provide security " ahead of August presidential elections in Afghanistan . The Obama administration has moved about 21,000 U.S. troops to Afghanistan , the original front in the war launched after the September 11 attacks . It is also the first big move since U.S. Gen. Stanley McChrystal took over as the allied commander in Afghanistan in mid-June . In Washington , a senior defense official said the size and scope of the new operation are "  very significant . " "  It 's not common for forces to operate at the brigade level , " the official said . "  In fact , they often only conduct missions at the platoon level . And they 're going into the most troubled area of Afghanistan . " The defense official said the operation is a "  tangible indication " of the new approach that McChrystal -- a former chief of the Pentagon 's special operations command -- is bringing to the nearly eight-year war . "  They 're not just doing an offensive push to get bad guys ; they 're going in to hold the area and stay there , " the official said . "  This approach is indicative of McChrystal 's philosophy : measuring success by the number of Afghans protected , not bad guys killed . " During his confirmation hearing in June , McChrystal told senators that the conflict requires a new focus on counterinsurgency to reduce violence and build support for the U.S.-led NATO alliance among Afghans . "  Although I expect stiff fighting ahead , the measure of success will not be enemy killed . It will be shielding the Afghan population from violence , " he said . The Islamic fundamentalist Taliban ruled most of Afghanistan before its allies in al Qaeda attacked New York and Washington on September 11 , 2001 . Though quickly toppled after the attacks , its leaders escaped , and the movement regrouped in the Afghan countryside and across the border in Pakistan . Helmand was once known as the breadbasket of Afghanistan , but the fertile land is now used for growing poppies . Afghanistan produces more than 90 percent of the world 's opium , with most of that coming from the poppies in Helmand . The drug trade is an import source of income for the Taliban and major supply routes run through the province . CNN 's Atia Abawi in Afghanistan , Nic Robertson in Pakistan and Chris Lawrence and Barbara Starr at the Pentagon contributed to this report .	One Marine killed , others wounded ; Taliban says 33 soldiers killed 4,000 American troops , hundreds of Afghans involved in Operation Khanjar It focuses on Helmand River valley , hotbed of Taliban violence Operation 's size and scope are "  very significant , " official says
CNN  -- For something that surrounds us so completely , bookending our lives , modern Americans can be surprisingly shy about death . Yes , we talk about "  deaths " -- heinous deaths , tragic deaths , celebrity deaths , untimely deaths . But when it comes to death itself , many of us would rather use the broom of wishful thinking to sweep it away , leaving death to sit in some dark corner of our minds . Woody Allen best summed up that sentiment when he said , "  I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work ; I want to achieve immortality through not dying . " For much of human history , religious rituals forced believers regularly to confront our ultimate fate . On Rosh Hashanah , according to Jewish tradition , God decides who will live or die during the next year . The Buddha urged monks to meditate on the decay of corpses . Millions of Catholics pray each week for Christ to come again and resurrect the dead . But this country is changing rapidly , and at the very time modern medicine puts life-or-death decisions in our hands , organized religion has faded from the lives of many Americans . As the surgeon and writer Atul Gawande noted in The New York Times recently , our medical system , powerful as it may be , is ill-equipped to step into the breach and answer crucial questions such as , "  What is a good death ? " Perhaps that 's why Brittany Maynard 's death on November 1 stirred such remarkably personal debates . All at once , it seemed , we were confronting the question together : Given a choice , how would we wish to die ? In each of these articles , families from India to California were forced , by unlucky fate or divine providence , not only to articulate an answer , but to carry it out . My mother deserved to die with dignity Maybe by reading their stories , we can learn something about how we want our own to conclude . An unforgettable lesson Two women captured our hearts ; both were dying of brain cancer . Both taught us to cherish life -- that nothing is greater than the human spirit . Brittany Maynard fought for the right to die with dignity . Lauren Hill fought for a dream -- to play in a college basketball game before she dies . Read the full story >> Death on their terms Jena Johnson 's profession is not one that anyone goes to college for . It 's also not work that gets easier with time . Her job with end-of-life advocacy group Compassion & Choices is to help people die a "  good death . " She found herself in that role in part because no one likes to talk about this stuff . Read the full story >> Hotel Death It 's a place of celebration , where dying guests are promised freedom for their souls . And where one man , whose father is No. 14,544 in the ledger , finds himself torn between two worlds . To give his father this final gift means being away from his wife , his daughter and a situation of utmost urgency . Read the full story >> Death , American style Once it was displayed openly . Then it became a forbidden subject . Now , at last , death in America is starting to come out of its cold , hard shell -- in unexpected ways . Meet an author who explores the various ways people process death , and why they choose certain rituals and memorials . Read the full story >> Angels of mercy To care for someone who is dying is probably the most difficult job in the world . Kerry Egan should know ; she 's a hospice chaplain and has seen families endure years of exhausting , heartbreaking and bone-crushing work . These , she says , are the real-life angels of mercy . Read the full story >> Engineering the end In choosing doctors , hospitals and treatments , Mike Mikula 's mother -- a retired schoolteacher , nurse and hospice volunteer -- had always been a fierce advocate for her husband 's health . Now she became a fierce advocate for his death . Mikula tells how planning for loss helped his family through it . Read the full story >> The gift of Charles He was a troubled 13-year-old when he finally found a home , with parents and siblings who embraced him . But Charles Daniel would live only two more years . It was time enough to change everything -- and everyone . Wayne Drash chronicles the family 's final days together in hospice . Read the full story >>	Medicine has put end-of-life choices in our hands , but can it offer a "  good death " ? Religion and its rituals often help believers confront their fate , but its influence has faded for many With Brittany Maynard 's death , many asked : Given a choice , how would we wish to die ? Some families have been forced to articulate and carry out an answer ; here are their stories
CNN  -- Capt. Chesley Sullenberger , the hero pilot who safely landed a full passenger jet in the Hudson River , was once again honored with cheers and applause Tuesday during a ceremony for him hosted by the governor of his home state . Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger gives hero pilot Chesley Sullenberger a flag and license plate . California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , first lady Maria Shriver and other dignitaries greeted Sullenberger at the state Capitol rotunda in Sacramento . Taking a break from difficult negotiations over a troubled state budget , the governor presented Sullenberger with a jacket with the state seal , a California state flag that had flown over the state Capitol , a proclamation and a "  California Hero " license plate . "  Today is a very important day , " Schwarzenegger said . "  There are legislators upstairs that are negotiating and working on a budget -- -LSB- we -RSB- need a great hero in a state capitol . " The Sullenberger family lives in Danville , California . Sullenberger 's response was understated -- as it has been at other ceremonies , including a New York City Hall event when he was given the key to the city by Mayor Michael Bloomberg . "  On behalf of the other four crew members of Flight 1549 and also on behalf of the many thousands of aviation professionals whose daily devotion to duty keeps air travel safe , I gratefully accept this recognition , " he said . Sullenberger and his crew safely landed the damaged airplane , believed to have hit a flock of birds , in the Hudson on January 15 . All 155 passengers aboard the US Airways flight survived . CNN 's Scott Thompson contributed to this report .	California governor honors U.S. Airways pilot Capt. Chesley Sullenberger Schwarzenegger : "  We need a great hero " in state legislature like Sullenberger Sullenberger safely landed flight 1549 in the Hudson River in New York Sullenberger accepts recognition on behalf of crew members , others
CNN  -- A winter storm packing heavy snow and gusty winds forced authorities to close 180 miles of Interstate 40 in northern Arizona on Sunday until further notice . The road was closed in both directions about 6:30 a.m.  9:30 a.m. ET  , said David Beck , dispatch supervisor for the Flagstaff office of the Arizona Highway Patrol . The closure stretched roughly from Kingman in western Arizona to eastward to Winslow , including the city of Flagstaff , he said . Portions of Interstate 17 south of Flagstaff were also closed , according to the Arizona Department of Transportation 's website , as were several state roads . As of 9 a.m. Sunday , Flagstaff -- with an elevation of about 6,900 feet -- had received 10 to 14 inches of snow , according to the National Weather Service . The city of Prescott had received 8 to 12 inches . Areas above 7,000 feet could see up to 22 inches , according to the weather service . Several crashes and reports of stuck vehicles had been reported as of Sunday morning , Beck said , with one person sustaining minor injuries on I-40 . The Flagstaff Unified School District said its schools would be closed Monday . Northern Arizona University said its Flagstaff campus would be closed Monday , and Coconino Community College said its Flagstaff and Page campuses would be closed . Much of Arizona remained under a winter weather advisory or a winter storm warning on Sunday . The warning was in effect until midnight Sunday . In addition to heavy snow , wind gusts of up to 30 mph were forecast for the Flagstaff area , according to the National Weather Service . CNN 's Maggie Schneider and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	NEW : Flagstaff schools and colleges announce Monday closures Interstate 40 is closed from Kingman east to Winslow , official says Portions of Interstate 17 are also closed
Moscow  CNN  -- Fugitive American intelligence leaker Edward Snowden is likely to leave the transit zone in Moscow 's airport , where he 's been holed up for weeks , "  in the next few days , " his lawyer said Wednesday . Snowden applied for temporary asylum in Russia on Tuesday from Sheremetyevo International Airport . He "  will leave  the airport  in the next few days because some legal papers are still required to be formalized , " Russian attorney Anatoly Kucherena said in Moscow . Read more : Snowden 's transit zone mysteries "  Therefore , I think this issue will be resolved within a week and after this , the question of granting him temporary asylum will be decided upon . " A former National Security Agency contractor , Snowden admittedly leaked documents to the media that exposed sweeping U.S. electronic surveillance programs . He faces espionage charges . Kucharena , who helped Snowden file his application for asylum , said his client might be able to leave the airport while the request is considered . Interactive : Snowden 's options Within a few days , Snowden should receive a certificate showing that the asylum request is under consideration , and that certificate will allow him to legally leave the airport 's transit area , the attorney said . It 's not clear whether Russia will decide to grant temporary asylum . Snowden has said he wants to stay while awaiting passage to Latin America . President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Snowden appeared to be "  shifting his position somewhat " when it comes to meeting Russia 's conditions for asylum , according to state news agency Ria Novosti . He had earlier said that Snowden would have to "  stop his work aimed at harming our American partners " if he wanted to stay . The Guardian journalist who broke the Snowden story and a spokesman for WikiLeaks have both indicated that Snowden could reveal more secrets . On Wednesday , Putin told reporters in Moscow that ties between the United States and Russia "  are far more important " than any intelligence scandal . The Russian leader said that he believes that Snowden "  never intended to stay here , in Russia , forever . " Snowden arrived in Moscow from Hong Kong on June 23 . He has been unable to leave because the United States revoked his passport . The presidents of Venezuela and Bolivia have said their countries would give Snowden asylum , and Nicaragua 's president said he would offer it "  if circumstances permit . " UK intelligence agency did not break law , post-Snowden inquiry finds Snowden appears likely to try to avoid the chance of U.S. capture even if Russia grants him papers to leave . Washington has no extradition agreement with Russia and FBI agents who work at the American Embassy have no authority to make arrests . The U.S. government has requested Russia expel Snowden . Absent that , it will watch carefully the route he takes if he tries to reach one of the Latin American countries willing to take him in . The United States could grab Snowden if any plane carrying him were to refuel in a country that respects U.S. arrest warrants . But he likely will be careful to avoid that scenario . Nevertheless , the United States has sent provisional arrest warrants to a number of countries where Snowden could either transit or seek asylum , a U.S. official said last week . CNN 's Carol Cratty in Washington contributed to this report .	Lawyer : Snowden will leave Moscow 's Sheremetyevo Airport in the next few days He applied for temporary asylum in Russia on Tuesday ; paperwork is pending Putin says U.S.-Russian ties "  are far more important " than any intelligence scandal Snowden has been in the airport transit zone since he left Hong Kong on June 23
CNN  -- It appears that the police now have a device that can read license plates and check if a car is unregistered , uninsured or stolen . We already know that the National Security Agency can dip into your Facebook page and Google searches . And it seems that almost every store we go into these days wants your home phone number and ZIP code as part of any transaction . So when Edward Snowden -- now cooling his heels in Russia -- revealed the extent to which the NSA is spying on Americans , collecting data on phone calls we make , it 's not as if we should have been surprised . We live in a world that George Orwell predicted in "  1984 . " And that realization has caused sales of the 1949 , dystopian novel to spike dramatically upward recently -- a 9,000 % increase at one point on Amazon.com . Comparisons between Orwell 's novel about a tightly controlled totalitarian future ruled by the ubiquitous Big Brother and today are , in fact , quite apt . Here are a few of the most obvious ones . Telescreens -- in the novel , nearly all public and private places have large TV screens that broadcast government propaganda , news and approved entertainment . But they are also two-way monitors that spy on citizens ' private lives . Today websites like Facebook track our likes and dislikes , and governments and private individuals hack into our computers and find out what they want to know . Then there are the ever-present surveillance cameras that spy on the average person as they go about their daily routine . The endless war -- In Orwell 's book , there 's a global war that has been going on seemingly forever , and as the book 's hero , Winston Smith , realizes , the enemy keeps changing . One week we 're at war with Eastasia and buddies with Eurasia . The next week , it 's just the opposite . There seems little to distinguish the two adversaries , and they are used primarily to keep the populace of Oceania , where Smith lives , in a constant state of fear , thereby making dissent unthinkable -- or punishable . Today we have the so-called war on terror , with no end in sight , a generalized societal fear , suspension of certain civil liberties , and an ill-defined enemy who could be anywhere , and anything . Doublethink -- Orwell 's novel defines this as the act of accepting two mutually contradictory beliefs as correct . It was exemplified by some of the key slogans used by the repressive government in the book : War is Peace , Freedom is Slavery , Ignorance is Strength . It has also been particularly useful to the activists who have been hard at work introducing legislation regulating abortion clinics . The claim is that these laws are only to protect women 's health , but by forcing clinics to close because of stringent regulations , they are effectively shutting women off not only from abortion , but other health services . Newspeak -- the fictional , stripped down English language , used to limit free thought . OMG , RU serious ? That 's so FUBAR . LMAO . Memory hole -- this is the machine used in the book to alter or disappear incriminating or embarrassing documents . Paper shredders had been invented , but were hardly used when Orwell wrote his book , and the concept of wiping out a hard drive was years in the future . But the memory hole foretold both technologies . Anti-Sex League -- this was an organization set up to take the pleasure out of sex , and to make sure that it was a mechanical function used for procreation only . Organizations that promote abstinence-only sex education , or want to ban artificial birth control , are the modern versions of this . So what 's it all mean ? In 1984 , Winston Smith , after an intense round of "  behavior modification " -- read : torture -- learns to love Big Brother , and the harsh world he was born into . Jump forward to today , and it seems we 've willingly given up all sorts of freedoms , and much of our right to privacy . Fears of terrorism have a lot to do with this , but dizzying advances in technology , and the ubiquity of social media , play a big part . There are those who say that if you do n't have anything to hide , you have nothing to be afraid of . But the fact is , when a government agency can monitor everyone 's phone calls , we have all become suspects . This is one of the most frightening aspects of our modern society . And even more frightening is the fact that we have gone so far down the road , there is probably no turning back . Unless you spend your life in a wilderness cabin , totally off the grid , there is simply no way the government wo n't have information about you stored away somewhere . What this means , unfortunately , is that we are all Winston Smith . And Big Brother is the modern surveillance state . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lewis Beale .	Lewis Beale : We live in age where authorities , companies collect information about us He says after Snowden spying revelations , sales of George Orwell 's "  1984 " spiked He says elements like "  doublethink " and "  endless war " have parallels today Beale : In a modern surveillance state , we 're all suspects
Shanghai  CNN  -- Hong Kong 's pro-democracy demonstrations have been front-page fodder this past week in international media , which have painted the story as a David-and-Goliath struggle between local Hong Kongers and a powerful but distant authoritarian master in Beijing . But no such headlines have appeared in China , where the story has been buried deep inside most newspapers and TV broadcasts , and is framed in a way that makes it uninteresting and unintelligible to average Chinese . The coverage consists mostly of Beijing 's reactions to events with little or no explanation of what actually happened to prompt such response . The result is a hodgepodge of reports condemning the protests , saying that Hong Kong leader C.Y. Leung will never resign , and editorials declaring such protests will never spread to China . It has also been noteworthy for the relative lack of images . From a media perspective , the demonstrations now taking place are a journalist 's dream come true , featuring colorful and action-filled images of protesters , police , politicians and conflict that make for great TV viewing and photos . Yet none of those images have found their way into China 's official media , almost certainly on direct orders from propaganda officials who worry such pictures could inspire others in China to take similar action . Strict bans on such inflammatory images are quite common in order-obsessed China , even when such protests are pro-Chinese . One such ban was a central feature in domestic coverage of a major territorial dispute with Japan two years ago , with major protests that broke out around China eerily absent from all domestic reports . Old trick China 's media have also resorted to another old trick of covering the conflict using editorials , which offer a backdoor route into the story with little or no broader context . In this case the official Communist Party newspaper People 's Daily has taken the lead with a series of forceful editorials repeating that such protests are illegal and adding that such actions will never spread to China . Such editorializing has been a popular tool for stating official views on sensitive subjects since 1949 , and was widely used in 2010 when Google got into a high-profile dispute over Beijing 's stipulations that it self-censor its China-based search site . That conflict ultimately saw Google withdrawal from the China search market , only to be cast by Chinese media as a cry baby that could n't compete with local rivals . Beijing has also dusted off its tried-and-true tactic of using key "  buzzwords " to control the tone of the story . Two such buzzwords this time have been "  illegal , " to describe the nature of the Hong Kong demonstrations , and "  in accordance with the law , " to describe how the China-friendly Leung administration is handling the situation . Finally there 's the social media element , which is a new game not only for China but governments throughout the world as they try to harness this powerful force to influence public opinion . Social media In this case , a number of commentaries have been making the rounds on popular social media platforms like WeChat , playing on themes that criticize the protesters for everything from threatening Hong Kong 's prosperity to harboring broader hostility toward all mainland Chinese . These stories by little-known writers could be genuine , but are most likely a variation on another Beijing tactic to control online public opinion in the Internet age . Known by the disparaging moniker of the "  Fifty-Cent Party , " this loosely defined group 's "  members " reportedly receive government payment for posing as independent commentators who seed the Internet with opinions favorable to the central government 's policies and views . The latest protests in Hong Kong may be providing new challenges for Beijing 's leadership from a new generation of democracy-seeking activists on China 's periphery . But the tactics being used by China 's media are anything but new , with Beijing resorting to a wide range of time-tested reporting tricks in its bid to shape the issue in the realm of domestic public opinion .	Hong Kong 's pro-democracy protests have been front-page news except in China Coverage has been limited , with focus on editorials that lack broader context Few images of the protests have been shown on Chinese media Authorities fear pictures could inspire others in China to take similar actions
CNN  -- Milagros Martinez endured losing one of her sons to cystic fibrosis before he could get a lung transplant . Now she 's hoping her younger boy , Javier Acosta , 11 , will get such an operation in time . "  This is like watching movie that you 've seen before and you want a different ending , " Martinez told CNN on Saturday . "  It 's hard for me to tell my son ` you have to have faith and be hopeful , you know this is going to happen for you , ' and inside knowing that chances are slim . " A judge on Thursday made Javier , from Bronx , New York , more quickly eligible for adult lungs . The boy is hospitalized at Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia . Judge Michael Baylson granted a temporary injunction and ordered U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to direct the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network to waive in Javier 's case a policy that keeps children younger than 12 from being prioritized for available adult lung transplants . Martinez ' son , Jovan , died in 2009 at 11 . Javier also has cystic fibrosis . The ruling came the same day the judge granted an injunction for 10-year-old Sarah Murnaghan , whose parents ' push for an organ transplant policy change has thrust the issue of who gets donated organs into the national spotlight . Sarah also needs a lung transplant . Martinez said she was "  excited " after hearing the news of the the ruling in Javier 's case . "  I felt it was a triumph on our side because it allows these children to have an opportunity to be considered for adult lungs , which they need badly , instead of just waiting it out , " she said . "  We do n't know what tomorrow brings . " According to Murnaghan and Martinez 's attorney , Stephen Harvey , the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network is expected to consider Monday evening the families ' requests that the "  Under 12 " rule -- which places children under age 12 at the bottom of the organ allocation list -- be struck down . Currently , it is estimated that 16 or fewer children nationwide are in the same position as Sarah and Javier , Harvey said . If the rule is not struck down , a formal court hearing on the matter is scheduled for June 14 . "  If Javi does not receive this transplant , he will die , " Martinez said . "  Like any parent , I 'm inclined to do whatever it takes , to help Javier have a normal life , whatever that may be . "	FIRST ON CNN : Mother of sick boy speaks out A judge says her son , 11 , should be eligible for adult lungs Milagros Martinez feels a sense of "  triumph " Ruling comes a day after a similar ruling for 10-year-old Sarah Murnaghan
CNN  -- Infectious disease experts say they would n't be surprised if a new virus that 's sickened 12 people and killed six shows up in the United States . The first cases of the novel coronavirus , which is in the same family as SARS and the common cold , were found to have occurred in an Amman , Jordan , hospital in April , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . People have also become infected in Qatar and Saudi Arabia . On Saturday , the World Health Organization announced a new case in the United Kingdom -- the third case confirmed this month , all in the same family . One of those three people has died , Britain 's Health Protection Agency said Tuesday . "  This patient had an underlying condition that may have made them more susceptible to respiratory infections , " the agency said in a statement . The person died Sunday in Queen Elizabeth Hospital Birmingham 's critical care unit , the hospital said . "  The patient was already an outpatient at QEHB , undergoing treatment for a long-term , complex unrelated health condition , " the hospital said . "  The patient was immuno-compromised and is believed to have contracted the virus from a relative who is being treated for the condition in a Manchester hospital . " The first patient , who had traveled recently to Saudi Arabia and Pakistan , was being treated , the Health Protection Agency said . The third case had "  a mild illness " and has recovered . "  I would n't be shocked if it came here , " said Dr. William Schaffner , an infectious disease specialist at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville . Dr. Susan Gerber , a medical epidemiologist in the CDC 's Division of Viral Diseases , agreed . "  It could happen , " she said . "  That 's why the CDC is working closely with the World Health Organization and other international partners . " The CDC has advised doctors to ask patients with certain symptoms about their recent travels . Symptoms of infection with the novel coronavirus include an acute respiratory infection , fever and a cough . The new virus , which the WHO is calling NCoV , or novel coronavirus , has a range of effects , including potential pneumonia and kidney failure as seen in the United Kingdom . "  Once it gets you , it 's a very serious infection , " Schaffner said . Fortunately , he added , the virus is "  very difficult to acquire . " New SARS-like virus posts medical mystery So far most of the people who 've caught the virus have been in the Middle East . It 's suspected that , like SARS , the virus originated in animals . A study published in November found that genetically , the new coronavirus was most closely related to viruses found in bats . In all but two cases , the virus has not spread from person to person . And in most cases , patients have not infected family members . Health care workers taking care of infected patients have also not become ill . "  There is no evidence of sustained human-to-human transmission where you see a chain of many cases going person to person to person , " Gerber said . "  People should n't freak out , " she added . "  There 's no evidence that this virus is easily spread , say , across a room . " However , human-to-human transmission is not impossible , as seen in the United Kingdom cases . Two family members in the United Kingdom contracted the virus without traveling to the Mideast but lived with the third , who traveled to Saudi Arabia and Pakistan , according to the WHO . "  In these cases , human-to-human transmission does seem likely , " Gerber said .	NEW : A sixth person has died from a new SARS-like virus Most of those affected by the virus have been in the Middle East Person-to-person transmission of the virus appears difficult , experts say
CNN  -- The space shuttle Endeavour docked with the international space station early Wednesday , completing a three-day orbital chase . "  Capture confirmed , " the Johnson Space Center in Houston said at 12:06 a.m. ET . The delicate docking maneuver took place while both spacecraft were circling the globe at about 17,500 mph  28,165 km/h  . Endeavour lifted off from Kennedy Space Center early Monday . During the two-week mission , the six-member crew will deliver an Italian-built Tranquility node and a seven-windowed cupola to the station , which will be used as a control room for robotics . The mission also will include three spacewalks . The space station will be about 90 percent complete once the node and cupola are added , NASA said .	Shuttle docked at 12:06 a.m. ET , according to the Johnson Space Center in Houston Endeavour lifted off from Kennedy Space Center early Monday The two-week mission will include three spacewalks
CNN  Entering The Unseen Emporium at London 's Somerset House is like walking into an alchemist 's workshop . The room smells strongly of burning sage , and there are old books stacked high on wooden shelves . An antique distillation kit sits in the disused fireplace with tiny glass bottles of oil , and long swaths of black cowhide hang from the walls . But most striking is the chameleonic couture on display . A bejeweled headdress , created with Swarovski 's gemstones division , changes color based on the heat generated by the wearer 's neural activity , thanks to hyper-conductive stones and heat-sensitive ink . The three sculptural leather jackets are infused with dye formulas that change color in response to different stimuli : friction , the temperature and humidity of the room , and intense heat . In its own room is a fragile ceramic dress called Eighthsense , covered with hand-painted pixels that reflect brain activity detected by an accompanying EEG headset . This was the public 's formal introduction to The Unseen , a trio of London fashion designers using chemistry , digital technology and exquisite tailoring to create fashion magic . Last October , The Unseen 's designers -- founder Lauren Bowker , Christa Leask and Jess Smith -- moved base from a cluttered studio in the vaults under Somerset House to a room in the building 's new wing . When you enter , the one-off color-changing showpieces that have made them the darlings of the smart materials world immediately draw your attention , but there are other items on display too : color-changing trinkets -- candles , Moleskine notebooks and the like -- from their new product line . They may be known for their fashion output , but the designers are eager to expand beyond the label . "  For me , it 's more of an exploration house , " says Bowker . "  It 's like a materials house at Liberty with science and a side of magic . On acid . " In that case , Bowker , who masterminds The Unseen 's formulas and materials , could be considered the chief magician . Before launching The Unseen in February , she worked as a textiles consultant in a number of fields , from fashion to aviation . In 2013 , tired of altering her ideas to meet corporate ends , she decided to venture out on her own with the help of a Â # 25,000  $ 38,000  grant from Innovate UK  then known as the Technology Strategy Board  , and her best friends Smith and Leask , who are responsible for designing and executing the sculptural pieces . The trio often describe themselves as "  the three witches with one eye " because of their shared creative vision , and each has a flesh-tone tattoo of an eye on their inner finger to drive the point home . Bowker , who has studied both fashion and chemistry , first started developing responsive color-change compounds while earning her Masters in textiles at the Royal College of Art , inspired by the debilitating spinal condition that has her in and out of hospital . "  I really want to create a product range for myself that means that I can monitor my spine and condition , " she says . "  I do n't listen to myself when I 'm getting ill , and it gets to the point where I 'm on crutches before I 'll listen to the fact that I have to look after myself . " Early in her career she worked with the UK 's National Health Service to develop a series of responsive bandages , but when it became clear that it would take at least 20 years to produce a working sample under their funding model , the project was shelved . She returned to her fashion roots to overcome this problem . "  I just thought there 's got to be a quicker or more profitable way to do this , rather than doing this in pure research , " she says . "  The purpose of The Unseen  was n't to be in all the press and everywhere . It was a strategic plan so we can create products that help people in their daily lives . " While they have n't developed chemistry-infused garments to help people just yet , The Unseen 's current output has attracted attention across industries . They recently hosted representatives from luxury car companies interested in using their color change technology , and the team is gearing up to announce a very hush-hush capsule collection for a high-end heritage retailer . Recently , they 've been in talks about exhibiting at The Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago and the newly reopened Cooper-Hewitt , Smithsonian Design Museum in New York City , and they will be showcasing their work at South by Southwest in Austin , Texas this March . There are also ongoing discussions with the neurology team at King 's College London about a collaboration that would give The Unseen unprecedented access to state-of-the-art ink technologies . But their next collection , which will likely be released next fall , is still somewhat of a mystery , even to them . Only one thing is certain : it wo n't involve color change . "  I do n't want us to be a gimmick and then next year nobody 's talking about us . I 'm adamant that we will be around in 50 years , " Bowker says . "  I really want The Unseen to become an iconic brand known for pushing innovation and pushing materials in a magical way . "	London design house The Unseen creates fashions that instantly change color based on heat , brain activity and friction Founder Lauren Bowker develops the special dye formulas that respond to stimuli The Unseen has opened an emporium in London to sell small color-changing products showcase their pieces
New York  CNN  -- A man was arrested Saturday at John F. Kennedy International Airport after checking a loaded rifle and three other illegal weapons , according to a Port Authority spokesperson . Keenan Draughon of Clarksville , Tennessee , was arrested after he checked two handguns , two defaced rifles and two unloaded high-capacity magazines , according to Port Authority spokesperson Joseph Pentangelo . In New York City , it is illegal to carry a handgun or possess a high-capacity magazine . Rifles and shotguns are legal to carry if unloaded with a proper permit , according to Pentangelo . The two rifles were defaced , one with purple paint and the other with silver paint , covering the serial numbers , which is a crime , according to Pentangelo . One rifle was loaded . Draughon , 23 , was stopped and questioned at security before going through metal detectors while trying to board a flight to Charlotte , North Carolina . He had checked the weapons in gun cases at Terminal 8 , according to Pentangelo . Draughon also had a fifth weapon -- a shotgun -- that was legal to travel with , according to Pentangelo . "  It 's unusual , but it 's not remarkable , " Pentangelo told CNN about the case . "  Luckily , no one got hurt . " Draughon faces two counts of criminal possession of a weapon , two counts of criminal possession of a defaced rifle and two counts of criminal possession of large-capacity magazine . Draughon was in custody Saturday . CNN was unable to identify or reach an attorney . Police : NBA legend Bill Russell arrested with gun at airport Airport screeners discover more than 1,500 guns in 2012	Arrest made at security stop at JFK Man is accused of checking illegal weapons at terminal Authorities : Two rifles were defaced with paint , covering serial numbers
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- There 's nothing better than a sweet , juicy watermelon on a hot summer 's day , right ? But what if you had to pay six grand for it ? A marine products dealer in Japan plunked down a record $ 6,125  ¥ 650,000  Friday for a black Densuke watermelon -- grown only on the northern Japanese island of Hokkaido . Premium melons regularly go for eye-popping amounts there . Only three years ago , someone shelled out about $ 3,000 for one . The one that sold Friday had dark green skin -- nearly black -- making it look more like a bowling ball than a fruit . The nearly 18-pound  8 kg  watermelon was one of 68 sold as part of the season 's initial harvest this year and is one of only a few thousand available each year . As for the buyer , he said he wanted to support local agriculture , according to an official with a local cooperative .	Black Densuke watermelon in Japan sells for a record $ 6,125 Nearly 18-pound melon is grown only on the northern Japanese island of Hokkaido Melon is one of only a few thousand that is made available each year Buyer says he wants to support local agriculture , according to an official
CNN  -- Brazilians are mourning the death of legendary soccer player and political activist Socrates , who died Sunday of septic shock due to an intestinal infection . Socrates Brasileiro Sampaio de Souza Vieira de Oliveira , 57 , was buried in his hometown of Ribeirao Preto , Sao Paulo , according to Brazil 's official Agencia Brasil . Socrates had suffered bouts of gastrointestinal bleeding caused by cirrhosis of the liver . He had admitted to addictions to alcohol and cigarettes , Agencia Brasil said . "  It was during his third hospitalization that he confronted his addiction to alcohol and cigarettes , adding that he had ` won ' another chance to recover from his complications , " the agency reported . A qualified doctor , renowned intellectual and an outspoken , pro-democracy fighter during Brazil 's brutal military dictatorship , Socrates had defied many stereotypes . The man known as "  Doctor Socrates , " "  Golden Feet " and "  Big Skinny " is considered by the international football organization FIFA as one of the 100 greatest players of all time . News of his death was broadcast worldwide , an indication of his fame as one of the world 's greatest players . Despite not turning professional until he was 24 , the soccer legend starred for Brazil between 1979 and 1986 , playing in two World Cup finals tournaments in the process . Brazilian legend Socrates dies aged 57 However , Socrates will always be associated with the 1982 Brazilian side , which is widely regarding as the greatest team to never win the World Cup . Socrates captained the 1982 side in Spain and was widely expected to lift the World Cup trophy . But his team lost 3-2 to Italy in the second phase in one of football 's most iconic matches . The Sao Paulo-based Corinthians football club , one of Brazil 's heavyweight teams , was a launching pad where Socrates made his name . He became an international legend , scoring more than 300 goals . During the last game of the "  Brasileirao , " Brazil 's national soccer tournament , the Corinthians beat rival Palmeiras on Sunday . Fans held a minute of silence , holding up their left fists up high -- one of Socrates ' most emblematic gestures after a triumphal match . Juca Kfouri , one of Brazil 's most popular soccer columnists who knew Socrates well , said in his blog for Folha de Sao Paulo newspaper that Socrates had genius in his heels . In a hospital interview earlier this year , Socrates told Kfouri of his love for Cuba 's Fidel Castro and , tragically , his love for alcohol , which became his Achilles heel . "  I am not going to change , " Socrates told Kfouri . "  I am just going to get rid of alcohol . I 've already done that . " "  He always had an absurd ability to consume alcohol , to drink and drink and not get drunk , " Kfouri said after speaking with Socrates , who at the time had a catheter in his liver . In an official statement , President Dilma Rousseff lamented the loss of one of Brazil 's "  most beloved sons " and a "  football genius . " Rousseff and former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva recalled the athlete 's unusual role as a political activist . During the military dictatorship , Socrates infuriated authorities by wearing an "  I want to vote " banner . "  Lula , " as the former president is known , and Socrates were friends and collaborators in the 1980s pro-democracy movement known a "  Diretas Ja . " Socrates , a rare picture of a politicized athlete , marched with trade unionists , artists and athletes to defy the military junta ruling Brazil with an iron fist , persecuting , jailing and often torturing many political dissidents . Socrates , unlike some of the more apolitical legends of the time , used his status to send a message to the world about what was happening back home . "  Dr. Socrates was a ` crack ' in the football field and a great friend , " Lula said . "  He was an example of citizenship , intelligence and political consciousness , in addition to his immense talent as a football professional . " Most recently , Socrates became a columnist for CartaCapital , a left-leaning news magazine where he wrote eloquently against racism in football , politics and his new passion , the environment . He dissected the issues with the precision of a doctor and the determination of a pro . Socrates understood that soccer was a way to communicate to Brazilians on important issues . In one of his final columns , titled "  Some Dream Others Do n't , " Socrates took on Pele for not speaking out against racism in world football . "  Nothing is more endemic  in addition to corruption  than  racism  among those in football management , " he wrote amid recent controversy involving FIFA President Sepp Blatter and racist comments in soccer . "  Certainly all negroes in the planet felt attacked except for one : Pele , " Socrates wrote . "  One thing we know for sure : Pele has never had a dream . " In soccer-crazed Brazil , adoring fans crowded the cemetery where Socrates was buried . Mourners sang the anthem of the Corinthians team in his memory .	The football great died Sunday at the age of 57 He captained the 1982 Brazilian side , regarded as the best team to never win the World Cup Socrates fought for democracy during Brazil 's military dictatorship He recently spoke out about racism in soccer
CNN  -- The music is n't new , but the discovery that a young Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart "  almost certainly " composed it is a stunning revelation . A researcher in Austria says the works were probably transcribed by Mozart 's father , as young Mozart played . The two compositions -- a concerto in G and a prelude in G -- have long been in the files at the International Mozarteum Foundation in Salzburg , Austria , as anonymous works and were even published in the book "  New Mozart Edition " in 1982 . Now Ulrich Leisinger , director of the foundation 's research department , believes the works actually were composed by Mozart before he was old enough to write music , and that Mozart 's father , Leopold , transcribed them . The foundation said in a statement that Leisinger analyzed the handwriting and other "  stylistic criteria " to determine the music was "  almost certainly unknown compositions by " the young Mozart . The compositions were found in a book , compiled by Mozart 's father , that was used for practice and the musical education of both Mozart and his sister , according to the statement . Leisinger 's analyses "  support the claim that they were actually composed by the young Mozart , who was not yet versed in musical notation , and transcribed by his father as the boy played the works at the keyboard , " the statement said . Jeffrey Kimpton , president of the Interlochen Center for the Arts in Michigan , called the works "  a remarkable historical find . " He said Leopold Mozart transcribed his son 's early works as a way of preserving them . "  When parents go to a piano recital of an early student , a young student , who 's playing for the first time , they get a video tape , they get a DVD , that 's a way of recording it , " Kimpton said . "  I think what 's exciting is that Mozart 's father wanted to preserve this incredible genius . The young boy at this time did n't know how to write music , but he sure could play it . It 's like a family photo or video album . " Finding such historical treasures is like detective work , Kimpton said . "  You 're kind of putting together a DNA picture , " he said . "  This particular museum has hundreds of manuscripts . Over time as you learn more and more by various scholars working on this , you might turn the page and you may have looked at it a hundred times before but suddenly begin to see some things or understand some things that make some sense . " Mozart was born in Salzburg in 1756 and started composing when he was 5 years old . By the time of his death in 1791 , he had written more than 600 pieces of music .	Researcher : Two pieces likely composed by Mozart before he could write music Mozart 's father probably transcribed the music , researcher says Compositions have long been known but as anonymous works Pieces were in book compiled by Mozart 's father
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Although President-elect Barack Obama will become the next commander-in-chief in just two weeks , several key issues remain to be resolved regarding the drawdown of U.S. troops in Iraq and the buildup of U.S. forces in Afghanistan . A U.S. soldier patrols in a village north of Kabul , Afghanistan , last month . A closed-door meeting Monday at the Pentagon with the Joint Chiefs of Staff and Gen. David Petraeus -- who is in charge of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars -- ended with no consensus on troop plans for either country , several top U.S. military officials told CNN . The officials , who did not want to be identified because the meeting was private , all offered CNN similar accounts of the discussions . In addition , a review of the Afghanistan war strategy being conducted by Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Michael Mullen is also incomplete and has not been approved by the Joint Chiefs . That review , according to one official , will not be finished until the Obama administration is in office . The Monday meeting was polite , one official said , but also interesting and intense . A second official described the discussion as lively and said it ranged further than originally anticipated . The session was held in the "  tank , " a secure meeting room inside the Pentagon reserved for some of the most sensitive and classified conversations by top officials . It was called to discuss yet again how the drawdown of troops in Iraq could be scheduled so that more troops could be sent to Afghanistan -- an issue that the chiefs have struggled to resolve for months . According to the officials , a 10-page plan from the U.S. Central Command calls for a very gradual drawdown between now and the end of 2011 , when all U.S. troops are supposed to be out of Iraq under the terms of a recent agreement between the two countries . But Petraeus and other top U.S. commanders in Iraq are reluctant to agree to any specific drawdowns of units more than six months ahead of time because of the uncertain security situation and the upcoming elections in Iraq , according to a second official . "  The real debate is over the timing and risk of drawing down troops in Iraq , " the second official said . That decision is considered a vital first step . Military officials have long said the Pentagon needs to have some assurance of drawdowns over the next year in order to free up enough troops to send more units to Afghanistan , where commanders are asking for up to 30,000 additional troops . The Marine Corps is continuing to press its position that several thousand Marines could be withdrawn from Iraq in the coming months , with their replacements going to Afghanistan instead . The current calculation is that the full complement of troops for Afghanistan could not be completely sent until sometime next year or in 2011 . Some commanders in Afghanistan say that 's too late , given the deteriorating security situation there . Once in office , Obama is expected to ask commanders to develop a plan for a 16-month drawdown , as he promised during his campaign for the White House . It 's not clear if the Joint Chiefs and Petraeus will recommend that there is unacceptable risk in the quicker drawdown option . The second official also emphasized that even though Washington and Baghdad have agreed that all U.S. troops would leave Iraq by 2011 , there is a general private understanding by both sides that some U.S. troops could remain there or in neighboring Kuwait to provide help in key areas such as training , securing borders and providing airlift capabilities . Obama has also said he wants a residual force to remain in Iraq .	Joint Chiefs of Staff , Gen. David Petraeus hold closed-door meeting Officials say meeting ended with no consensus on troop plans Discussions deal with pulling troops out of Iraq , beefing up forces in Afghanistan Obama , once in office , is expected to ask for plan on Iraq troop drawdown
Two days ago we heard that Dr. Sheik Umar Khan , a leading doctor from Sierra Leone specializing in viral hemorrhagic fever  VHF  , had died aged 39 . He contracted the Ebola virus while treating more than 100 patients and was called a "  national hero " by the government . Khan 's sickness added to fear and vulnerability felt by many doctors and nurses treating Ebola patients . They reasoned "  if even Dr. Khan can get sick , then any of us can . " Sierra Leone 's health facilities were struggling to cope even before this outbreak . The country has a major shortage of doctors , nurses and infrastructure , meaning we 're all working in challenging circumstances . Tracing people who have had contact with Ebola sufferers is very difficult , and made more challenging by poor roads and overcrowded housing . Amongst the wider Sierra Leone population we 've seen a lot of mistrust -- many people believe that Ebola is a government myth created to steal their organs or money . Others believe that if they go to hospital they will be killed . So many hide at home and are cared for by relatives -- who then get sick themselves . Some patients have escaped from hospitals with relatives ' help . During this crisis , the King 's team have all faced difficult questions . The most fundamental being whether our organization should be involved in the Ebola response at all . Our work at Connaught Hospital in Freetown was not hands-on clinical care but consulting on how to strengthen the health system over the long term . Although our small team is highly qualified , we did n't really have the funding or equipment to deal with such an outbreak . But after team discussions and with senior colleagues back at King 's in London we decided that as an organization we had a duty to respond and that we had the capacity to do so safely and effectively . All our staff are volunteers and this is n't what they originally signed up for -- so we gave them the option to withdraw from clinical activities if they wanted to . We were , however , fortunate to have Dr. Colin Brown on hand -- our infectious diseases adviser in the UK , who has experience with viral hemorrhagic fever . Rumors and misinformation Within hours of the first National Ebola Taskforce meeting in Sierra Leone , the King 's team was invited to join the response , advising Connaught Hospital on how to develop a preparedness plan , identify cases , set up isolation units , protect staff and dispose of medical waste . These guidelines were held up as a model for other hospitals , and we continue to act as advisers to the Health Ministry , along with groups such as Medicines Sans Frontieres , Emergency Hospital and the World Health Organization . As the King 's team ran urgent training for nursing and medical staff at Connaught , suspected cases began to emerge . Rumors and misinformation were rife with a nurse having been one of the first victims . The fear amongst hospital staff was palpable . We found ourselves amongst the first responders , alongside heroic Connaught colleagues such as Sister Cecilia  Sister-in-Charge of A&E  and Dr. Modupe Cole  Consultant Physician  who did not hesitate to step forward and manage the response . Staff worked into the night to set up an expanded isolation unit and now work to provide treatment and take blood specimens . It is sweaty and exhausting work , scrubbing floors with bleach in full gowns , masks and protective clothing in the intense rainy season heat . We immediately isolate anyone who shows symptoms . They sometimes have to wait three to four days for the lab results . About a quarter of the patients who have been isolated have died at Connaught , meaning most recover or are referred for treatment elsewhere . Most health workers are still coming to work , but almost everyone is afraid . We 're all aware of how much is at stake . We ask ourselves -- are we acting beyond our competency and putting ourselves at risk ? Ebola is the main conversation , in government , the media and on the street . People are now starting to truly understand the scale of risk . Businesses have buckets of chlorine at the doorstep , people wear gloves and have stopped shaking hands . The population is not yet panicking though . The people of Sierra Leone have been through many challenges over the years , from war to cholera , and they remain resolute . There 's no doubt that it 's going to be an intense and exhausting next few months for medical staff as the outbreak continues . But , after some initial nerves , they are working together , gaining experience and confidence to help Sierra Leone to fight its latest , life-threatening challenge .	Two days ago one of Sierra Leone 's leading doctors died after contracting Ebola Dr. Oliver Johnson of Kings College London went to Sierra Leone before the outbreak His team has now become part of the response effort , but he says staff faced a dilemma Sierra Leone 's health system was struggling before the outbreak and lives are at stake
Baghdad  CNN  -- Iraqis headed to the polls Saturday to vote in provincial elections nationwide , the first poll in which the country 's forces provided security without the assistance of U.S. troops . Elections were held in most of Iraq 's 18 governorates to replace local councils elected in 2009 . Some provinces -- such as Anbar , Kirkuk and Nineveh -- did not hold elections because of insecurity . Bombs were detonated in the days preceding and up to the election , sometimes killing and injuring candidates . On Saturday , six people were wounded at election centers , four from bombs in Latafiya south of Baghdad and two from mortars in Tikrit north of the capital . But no major violence occurred , and the United States praised the the exercise as a brave democratic process . Security was so tight in Baghdad that some people could n't make it to the polls because of curfew . "  In the face of security threats , millions of Iraqi citizens exercised their democratic right to cast their ballots at polls in twelve provinces across the country to choose new provincial councils , " the U.S. Embassy said . "  This is a clear step forward for Iraqi democracy and a strong rejection of the violent extremists who have sought to derail democratic progress and sow discord among Iraqis . " Martin Kobler , the U.N. special representative for Iraq , praised the "  peaceful conduct " and commended election officials and security forces . "  Credible elections are critical to the country 's stability , " he said . The elections are the first Iraq has held since parliamentary elections in 2010 . Prime Minister Nuri al Maliki was shown casting his ballot on state-run TV channel Iraqiya . He was among at least 15.5 million Iraqis were eligible to vote in Saturday 's polls , the United Nations said , citing official estimates . Election officials estimated that around 50 % percent of the voters turned out Saturday . More than 8,000 candidates were reportedly vying for 378 seats on provincial councils . CNN spoke to many people streaming to the polls . They said they wanted change , stability and improvement in basic services . People of all ages voted , but in Baghdad at least , there was a clearly strong turnout of the younger generation . "  Inshallah , " God willing , people said , as they expressed their hope for a better future . Sectarianism a dark cloud over elections The Sunni-Shiite sectarian strife in the region as well as Iraq was seen to be a major factor in the election and intimidation of voters . Ramzy Mardini , adjunct fellow at the Beirut-based Iraq Institute for Strategic Studies , noted the detrimental attacks in the run-up to the election and said the divide is "  widening , not closing . " "  Today , al-Qaeda in Iraq appears to seek to influence the vote , rather than preventing the electoral process from occurring . The attacks appear targeted to keep Shiites at home and instill fear in Sunnis who are backing candidates that are cooperating with Maliki , " he said , citing the Sunni militant group . The rise of Sunni Islamists during the Arab Spring and the sectarian civil war in Syria represent "  strategic drivers of instability in Iraq leading to Shiite fear and Sunni hubris . That 's a dangerous combination , and it will sectarianize those fault lines even further as Iraqis undergo their first election cycle since the departure of U.S. forces , " Mardini said . As a result , there is n't "  much political space for Sunnis and Shiites to cooperate . Those that do are likely to get punished at the ballot box . " The elections are a run-up to next year 's general elections , shaping how politicians think about "  political alignments going into next year 's general election . " "  It 's a practice run . Everybody 's got several political cards in their hands ; how they perform locally can influence which card they choose to play or not play on the national stage , " Mardini said . But "  national reconciliation " has been neglected . "  Iraqis will fall back on sectarian preferences when faced with fear and uncertainty , and there 's plenty of fear and uncertainty for politicians to exploit to their sectarian advantage this election cycle , " he said . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq reported from Baghdad . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz and Joe Sterling reported from Atlanta .	NEW : Analyst : National unity taking a background to sectarianism There were a number of attacks preceding the vote Elections are being held in most of the country 's 18 governorates It 's the first poll in which Iraqi forces will provide security without help from the U.S.
CNN  -- I have 711 photos stored on my iPhone , but none of them is a "  selfie . " That could disqualify me from commenting on the choice of that neologism , coined in 2002 , as the Oxford English Dictionaries "  Word of the Year . " On the other hand , I do own an old two-volume microprint edition of the OED and read it on occasion for pleasure with the use of a magnifying glass . So give me a shot . The editors at Oxford Dictionaries describe "  selfie " as an informal noun and define it as "  a photograph that one has taken of oneself , typically one taken with a smartphone or webcam and uploaded to a social media website . " They note that frequency of the word has increased in a year by 17,000 percent . Ammon Shea , who spent a famous year reading the monumental OED from beginning to end , alerts me that words selected for such an honor "  arouse a certain skepticism and derision " among many wordinistas . He notes that this honor is the work of the OxfordDictionaries.com . As for the more famous OED , a press release notes that "  Selfie is not yet in the Oxford English Dictionary  OED  , but is currently being considered for future inclusion . " Though I 've never taken a selfie , I have made cameo appearances in the cell phone photos of others . I enjoy this experience , especially at book fairs , where an eager reader may seek a souvenir photo with the author . The result can be quite endearing and funny , especially when it exaggerates the gauge of my nostrils , making my schnozz look like a double-barreled shotgun . Before the cell phone , the best way to get this effect was to drop a quarter into a photo booth at the mall or the arcade . I wonder if there is an American anywhere who has not been pictured on one of those four-photo strips , usually accompanied by a girlfriend or several drunken classmates . Even in the age of the selfie , these booths have made a comeback , especially at weddings and reunions . At my daughter 's wedding , you could slip into the booth with one or more companions , mug for the camera , see yourself on a computer monitor , take a strip home as a memento , and donate a strip to the bride and groom , creating an instant album of happy faces . In that context , a selfie is a good thing , with that diminutive ending , suggesting the creation of a "  little self . " Think of the selfie , then , as a virtual "  mini-me , " what in ancient biology might have been called a "  homunculus " -- a tiny pre-formed person that would grow into the big self . Or maybe there 's a dark side to this moon . Maybe the connotation of selfie should be selfish : self-absorbed , narcissistic , the center of our own universe , a hall of mirrors in which each reflection is our own . It would fit the times , of course , an era in which selfies decorate the narratives of our social networks . Here I am at my reunion ! Look at me with Mickey Mouse !! Check out my new boob job !!! It 's me , my selfie , and I . In the past , it took some kind of human connection , or tricky photography , to capture your self-image . "  Excuse me , sir , can you please take our picture ? " It happened to me last week outside the National Theater in Washington . Three young women wanted to pose in front of a poster of musical theater star Idina Menzel . So the Word-of-the-Year brainiacs probably got it right . I ca n't think of any other word that so captures our confusing and contradictory culture , so technologically forward looking and so personally self-obsessed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roy Peter Clark .	Roy Peter Clark : The Oxford English Dictionary has named "  selfie " "  Word of the Year " He says word of year picks can sometimes be derided by word nerds He says selfies are fun , like photo booth picture strips ; they are like "  mini-me " pictures Clark : Word captures our culture : technologically forward looking , self-obsessed
Madrid  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of protesters converged on central Madrid Sunday as the so-called May 15 movement pushing for political and social change in Spain again took to the streets . Madrid 's was the first major demonstration of the day and drew some 37,000 people , Spain 's state-run news agency reported , citing a consulting firm it hired to estimate the size of the crowd . Protests were planned in 55 other Spanish cities later in the day and had gotten underway in Barcelona , Bilbao , Valencia and other cities , Spanish media reported . The protests focused again on Spain 's 21 % unemployment rate and on the government 's economic austerity measures . But on Sunday , they also rallied against European Union efforts to stabilize the euro , with many protesters worried that could lead to more austerity measures across the EU . The movement takes its name from the opening round of large protests on May 15 of this year . On Sunday , it unveiled a new tactic in Madrid , when six columns of marchers started in the north , south , east and west of the capital . They walked noisily through neighborhoods , carrying banners and shouting slogans and quickly adding more protesters in a steady march to the Neptune plaza near the parliament building . GPS : The perils of public debt A throng of riot police stood by to protect the national parliament , days after violent scuffles occurred between demonstrators and police outside the Catalonia regional parliament in Barcelona last week . "  This capitalistic system does n't work . It 's an unfair system and a lot of people are in a very bad situation , without money , " said Eva Fernandez , a social worker who was marching with the "  northern " column down Madrid 's main boulevard , la Castellana , on Sunday . Protesters on June 12 dismantled a sprawling tent camp in Madrid 's central Puerta del Sol plaza , nearly a month after it sparked large nationwide demonstrations and similar encampments in other cities to demand changes in Spain 's political and economic system . "  The main thing we 've achieved so far is to gain legitimacy to be able to protest and demonstrate in the streets , " said Josua Serrano , a communications worker also marching in the "  northern " column . "  This civil disobedience is being practiced in a lot of countries now through nonviolent direct action . So people are going to the street without fear . " Before May 15 , a series of citizens groups across Spain used social media networks like Facebook to call for protests on May 15 . The large response seemed to surprise even the organizers , as tens of thousands of people turned out in Madrid , Barcelona and other cities . The crowds have been dominated by young people , but also included retirees and families with young children . Demonstrators had a long and varied list of demands , but an underlying current was a call for change in Spain 's political and economic system , to make it -- according to the protesters -- more democratic . The movement gained force , with daily demonstrations involving thousands of people nationwide , in the run-up to May 22 municipal and regional elections . The conservative Popular Party was the big winner in that vote and now is poised , many analysts say , to win national parliamentary elections over the ruling Socialists . Those elections are expected no later than next March . But the protesters have said repeatedly that neither of the two main parties represents their interests . Several protesters told CNN they voted for smaller parties which are farther left than the Socialists . The protests of the May 15 movement have been largely peaceful , with police standing by . But there were scuffles , arrests and minor injuries at various flash points , including in Barcelona last week .	Madrid draws 37,000 protesters Demonstrations planned in 55 other cities People worried about euro stabilization program , jobless rate Social worker at march : "  This capitalistic system does n't work "
Kansas City , Missouri  CNN  -- Kansas City police said Saturday that they are glad the parents of a missing 10-month-old Missouri girl have resumed conversations with them . "  We could n't be happier about it , " police Capt. Steve Young said . "  Their involvement in this investigation is critical . " A meeting was held Saturday evening . Investigators have searched about 300 homes and apartments in the area around the home . Lisa Irwin has n't been seen since Monday night . Federal authorities joined police in the search effort this week -- which included an inspection of a landfill and a nearby creek -- speaking with neighbors and sweeping the area with metal detectors . Police said they have no suspects or solid leads . Michael Lerette , a family spokesman for the parents of the missing infant , said police collected what could be forensic evidence in the case , but authorities have declined to comment on that claim . On Thursday , Young said the parents stopped cooperating with detectives . But a woman who identified herself as the sister of Jeremy Irwin read a statement late Thursday on behalf of her brother and Deborah Bradley , parents of missing the girl . "  We have never stopped cooperating with the police . We 've been cooperative from day one and we continue to assist the police with the investigation , " the statement by Ashley Irwin said . "  The main goal has always been to find Lisa and bring her home . That remains the sole focus of the parents . " Lerette said that the parents had been exhausted from questioning at the police station . "  I think it 's just a lot of miscommunication , to be honest . " Lisa was last seen around 10:30 p.m. Monday , asleep in her crib , police said . Authorities were called to the home at about 4 a.m. Tuesday . "  It appears the suspect entered/exited through a bedroom window , " authorities said in a statement . "  Evidence at the scene leads police to believe the child has been abducted . " Jeremy Irwin told reporters that he found Lisa missing when he got home from work . "  The front door was unlocked , " he said Thursday . "  Most of the lights were on in the house , and the window in front was open -- all very unusual . " The couple also said three cell phones were missing at their home , according to Young . Lisa is described as 30 inches tall with blue eyes and blond hair , police said . She weighs between 26 and 30 pounds and was last seen wearing purple shorts and a purple shirt with white kittens on it . The missing girl has two bottom teeth , a small bug bite under her left ear and a "  beauty mark " on her right outer thigh . She had a cold with a cough , police said . CNN 's Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .	Police say parents are meeting with them again Police search landfill and nearby creek Family says police are looking at forensic evidence 10-month-old Lisa Irwin was last seen asleep in her crib at 10:30 p.m. Monday
CNN  -- Pete  Paul Rudd  , the floppy-haired hero of Judd Apatow 's winningly nimble and close-to-the-bone family-mishegoss comedy "  This Is 40 , " is a married father of two in L.A. who escapes the frazzled swirl of his existence by engaging in deep , dark secret activities . He eats chocolate cupcakes -- many , many more of them than his wife , Debbie  Leslie Mann  , a major nutritional scold , would suspect . And when he 's feeling beyond overwhelmed , he heads for the bathroom with his tablet to access ... his favorite porn site ? No , to play Internet Scrabble . It 's a sign of what his life has become that this is his notion of a grand escape , an oasis of me-time . If neither of these jokes strikes an amused chord of recognition in you , then you may find "  This Is 40 " to be mildly funny at best . But if they do resonate , you may chuckle , with knowing pleasure , throughout the movie . '30 Rock ' wraps filming , tweets a photo The comedies that put Apatow on the map  "  Knocked Up , " "  The 40 Year-Old Virgin "  took off from broadly italicized concepts , but "  This Is 40 " lets you know in its title that it 's less about a concept than a state of being . Pete and Debbie were supporting characters in "  Knocked Up , " and now they 're turning 40 , with two lovely daughters  nicely played by Apatow 's own daughters , Maude and Iris  and two crusty fathers  a terrific Albert Brooks and John Lithgow  , who each have young families of their own . The couple still love each other , but their relationship is a mess -- a whirlwind of fights , lies , negotiations , teamwork , good sex , bad sex , and general confusion . The whole tone of the movie is spontaneous , rolling , experiential . It 's got some laugh-out-loud lines , especially when the two jump into the politics of Sadie 's middle school , or when Pete is dealing with the business he owns , a struggling boutique music label devoted to the white-guy indie rockers he grew up with and still thinks are cool . The joke is no one else does -- not even Graham Parker  playing a version of himself  , Pete 's latest relic-legend , who knows his records wo n't sell . ` Hobbit ' looks tough to beat at box office That said , a lot of the best gags in "  This Is 40 " are the ones that percolate between the lines . The comedy is there in how Pete leaps like a puppy to do his wife 's bidding , without realizing that he 's already in the doghouse for not having taken the initiative himself ; or in the way that Apatow never once stages a marital-therapy session -- but has Pete and Debbie lapse into the euphemisms of therapy-speak , even as it still sounds like they want to kill each other . "  This Is 40 " is n't always hilarious , but it 's ticklishly honest and droll about all the things being a parent can do to a relationship . And why it 's still worth it . A - See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Paul Rudd 's Pete is the floppy-haired hero of Judd Apatow 's "  This Is 40 " "  This Is 40 " is less about a concept than a state of being The whole tone of the movie is spontaneous , rolling , experiential
CNN  -- Sepp Blatter has been re-elected as president of soccer 's world governing body and immediately vowed to put "  FIFA 's ship back on the right course in clear , transparent waters . " At FIFA 's Congress in Zurich , Switzerland on Wednesday , Blatter received 186 votes from football 's 208 member football associations , to serve his fourth term as president despite the race becoming engulfed by corruption allegations within the organization . Blatter 's only rival for the presidency , Mohamed Bin Hammam , pulled out of the race after he was suspended by FIFA 's Ethics Committee on Sunday in relation to bribery charges surrounding Qatar 's successful bid for the 2022 World Cup . PR guru Max Clifford : How to rescue FIFA After Blatter 's re-election was confirmed he told Congress : "  I thank you for your trust and confidence . Our pyramid is intact , the base , the foundation is strong and together we have four years to continue on our path and do our job . "  We will put FIFA 's ship back on the right course in clear , transparent waters . We need some time to do it , but we shall do it . "  Today something marvelous happened and I 'd simply like to tell you I 'm deeply moved and honored . It 's a challenge , a new one for me , and I accept it . Together we shall do it . " Was Blatter right to be defiant ? Earlier in the day , 172 of the 208 delegates voted not to delay the presidential ballot despite Blatter being the only candidate . Both the football associations of England and Scotland urged FIFA not to proceed following the suspension of Bin Hammam . After the result was confirmed , FIFA voted through changes proposed by Blatter to alter the process they use to decide the host nations for future World Cups . "  I want to give more power to the national associations , " he said . "  In the future the World Cup will be decided by the FIFA Congress . The executive committee will create a shortlist -- but will make no recommendations only a list -- and the congress will decide on the venue . " Russia and Qatar were chosen for the 2018 and 2022 events -- ahead of Spain and Portugal and the United States respectively -- in a controversial vote held in December last year which saw two executive committee members suspended for breaching "  ethical codes . " England missed out on the 2018 World Cup and had called for the ballot to be delayed . "  This has been a very damaging time for the reputation of FIFA and therefore the whole of football , " said David Bernstein , chairman of the English Football Association . The Scottish Football Association echoed the call . "  The events of the last two days , in particular , have made any election unworkable , " SFA head Stewart Reagan said in a statement . Never mind Saint Sepp , the system is to blame Despite Blatter 's re-election , the fallout from the corruption scandal persists . He admitted that the suspension of Bin Hammam , as well as FIFA vice-president Jack Warner , had hurt his organization . "  I am the captain weathering the storm , this is a difficult period for FIFA and I admit that readily . Not only is the pyramid shaking but our ship has drawn some water . "  We must do something because I do not want ever again that we face this undignified situation . " On Wednesday , the head of the German Football Federation said FIFA 's awarding of the World Cup to Qatar should be re-examined in the wake of the ethics scandal . "  Especially regarding the awarding of the World Cup 2022 to Qatar , there has been repeated speculation and corruption allegations , " Theo Zwanziger said in an interview posted on the league 's web site Wednesday . "  From what I am reading , I have to believe that there are substantial allegations that we can not ignore or shove aside . And therefore I must believe that the awarding of this world cup must be re examined . "  How this is to happen is something I would only like to talk about when I know more about the facts . I am coming from the outside and was not a member of the executive back then , " he added . Zwanziger joins a growing chorus of voices critical of FIFA as the election loomed . But Zwanziger said the soccer body should not postpone Wednesday 's election , a view that was shared by other powerful football organizations . Podcast : Is FIFA relevant to U.S. soccer fans ? Sponsors of international soccer including Visa , Coca-Cola and Adidas have warned that the ethics scandal is hurting the sport . "  The current situation is clearly not good for the game , " a Visa spokesman told CNN Tuesday , echoing comments from other companies that pay to have their logos at the World Cup and other major soccer events . The Visa spokesman declined to be named . "  The negative tenor of the public debate around FIFA at the moment is neither good for football nor for FIFA , " Adidas chief communications officer Jan Runau said . Sponsor Emirates airlines said it was "  disappointed " by the "  issues around the administration " of FIFA , and Coca-Cola said Monday that the ethics allegations were "  distressing and bad for the sport . " The concerns came as Blatter shrugged off corruption allegations within FIFA and said he would press ahead with his bid to be re-elected . Blatter said Monday night that the organization was not in crisis after the FIFA ethics committee suspended top officials Jack Warner and Mohamed Bin Hammam . The latter was the only contender against Blatter for the presidency . Bin Hammam was a major influence in Qatar 's surprising victory in winning the right to host the 2022 World Cup finals . He and Warner have been accused of offering cash gifts to national associations in return for pro-Bin Hammam votes in the presidential election . Warner and Bin Hammam both deny wrongdoing . FIFA is the body that decides where soccer 's quadrennial World Cup will be held , among other responsibilities . CNN 's David Wilkinson , Ben Wyatt , James Montague , Frederik Pleitgen and Aaron Akin contributed to this report .	NEW : Sepp Blatter re-elected as president of FIFA for a fourth term Blatter , the only candidate , receives 186 votes from FIFA 's 208 delegates The Swiss vows to put the FIFA ship back into ` clear and transparent waters ' FIFA vote to change the process used to decide World Cup host nations
CNN  -- R. Kelly canceled scheduled appearances in New York to return to Chicago on Wednesday because of a health emergency , his publicist said . R. Kelly hopes you 'll write him back The R&B singer was on his way to New York to be on "  The Jimmy Fallon Show " and NBC 's "  Today " when he became ill and decided to seek medical treatment in his hometown , a statement from the singer said Wednesday . "  Initial indications are that he is suffering from complications from surgery he had last year to treat an abscess on his vocal cords , " the statement said . Along with the television show cancellations , a Manhattan party to promote his memoir "  SoulaCoaster " was postponed . "  It is unclear how long Kelly may be sidelined , " the statement said . Get the latest entertainment news on CNN 's Marquee Blog . R. Kelly revives ` Trapped in the Closet ' CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	The R&B singer was on his way to New York when he became sick Kelly 's apparently suffering from complications from surgery last year , his publicist says "  It is unclear how long Kelly may be sidelined , " his statement says
CNN  -- Two Gulf States are putting more than pride on the line . There 's also dessert and a condiment . Texas Gov. Rick Perry has wagered a case of barbecue sauce . Florida Gov. Rick Scott is putting up a key lime pie . Each is betting that their home team will win the best-of-seven NBA Finals , whose opener Tuesday night pits the Dallas Mavericks against the Miami Heat . The series is a rematch of the 2006 NBA finals , which the Heat won in six games . "  LeBron  James  may have taken his talents to South Beach , but there 's no way he 'll be taking the Larry O'Brien Championship Trophy there this season , " Perry of Texas said in a statement . "  The Mavericks ' combination of teamwork and experience will overwhelm Miami 's raw star power , and at the end of the series , folks in Texas will be celebrating yet another NBA championship here in the Lone Star State . " Texas ' two other NBA franchises , the San Antonio Spurs and the Houston Rockets , have won a combined six NBA titles . The Florida governor says his team has the hotter hand . "  It might be warm in Texas , but there is no way the Dallas Mavericks will be able to withstand the Heat , " Scott said . "  Not even Dirk Nowitzki will be able to stop Miami from bringing home another NBA title . " No word yet on which state can serve up the best main course .	Tuesday night is the opener of the NBA Finals The Dallas Mavericks will play the Miami Heat in a rematch of the 2006 finals The governors of Texas and Florida are wagering their states ' best comestibles
CNN  -- George Zimmerman 's defense team says people should delve into the "  substance " of other comments made by a juror who claimed the man who killed Trayvon Martin "  got away with murder . " Juror B29 got it right when she said the six Florida jurors had to follow the law , rather than their hearts , Mark O'Mara said in a statement Friday . The 36-year-old juror , who used only her first name of Maddy out of concerns for her safety , told ABC on Thursday that she and others on the panel felt Zimmerman was guilty , but that was n't enough . "  I stand by the decision because of the law , " she said . "  If I stand by the decision because of my heart , he would have been guilty . " She also said , "  George Zimmerman got away with murder , but you ca n't get away from God . " Juror to ABC : He ` got away with murder ' At the beginning of deliberations , Maddy told ABC , she wanted to convict Zimmerman of second-degree murder . But she realized on the second day of deliberations that there was n't enough proof to convict him of murder or the lesser charge of manslaughter . Juror B29 said the evidence showed that Zimmerman was guilty of killing Martin , 17 , in February 2012 at a neighborhood in Sanford , Florida . "  But as the law was read to me , if you have no proof that he killed him intentionally , you ca n't say he 's guilty , " she told ABC . O'Mara said that the defense acknowledged Zimmerman killed Martin -- in self-defense . He said a "  juror 's job is not to decide what a law should be , her job is to apply the facts presented at trial to the laws they are instructed about . " "  We do ask jurors not to reach their verdicts based on what their hearts tell them ; for the verdict , a juror must set aside emotions and follow the law , " said O'Mara . "  Based on her comments , Juror B29 accepted a tremendous burden , set her feelings aside , and cast a verdict based the evidence presented in court and on the law she was provided . " His statement labeled B29 as a "  model juror . " Thursday night , Martin 's mother said she was devastated after hearing the juror 's comments . "  It is devastating for my family to hear the comments from juror B29 , comments which we already knew in our hearts to be true . That George Zimmerman literally got away with murder , " Sybrina Fulton said in a written statement . "  This new information challenges our nation once again to do everything we can to make sure that this never happens to another child . " Maddy is the second juror to speak about the high-profile case since the all-female jury acquitted Zimmerman earlier this month . She and other jurors also have identified themselves by their numbers from the jury pool . Opinion : What if both were white ? Last week , the woman known as Juror B37 told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " that Zimmerman "  did n't do anything unlawful " and was "  justified " in shooting 17-year-old Martin last year . Zimmerman has been out of the public eye since the jury found him not guilty of second-degree murder on July 13 . Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , had a confrontation with the unarmed African-American teen after calling police to report a suspicious person , and he said he shot Martin in self-defense . Juror B29 stressed that she and the other jurors took their responsibility seriously . "  I do n't want people to think that we did n't think about this , and we did n't care about Trayvon Martin , because we did . We 're very sad that it happened to him , " she said . Trayvon 's mom : Law let Zimmerman off the hook CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	"  I stand by the decision because of the law , " juror B29 told ABC Zimmerman defense : Jurors must vote by the law , not their hearts Juror B29 also said Zimmerman "  got away with murder "
Washington  CNN  Cybersecurity and Internet access will be themes in the coming week as President Barack Obama highlights the agenda he will be emphasizing in his State of the Union address . Obama will meet with congressional leaders from both parties Tuesday to "  discuss a wide range of issues including places where he hopes we can work together to grow the economy and protect our national security , " a White House official told CNN . This comes just after the House of Representatives voted to approve the controversial Keystone XL pipeline , but its fate is uncertain in the Senate . The White House has promised a veto of that measure if it reaches the President 's desk . On Monday , the President will visit the Federal Trade Commission , where he will lay out proposals and executive action on identity theft , Internet privacy and technology in schools , the official said . Next week , Obama will speak about the government 's efforts to work with the private sector on cybersecurity and will travel to Iowa , where he will focus on increasing access to high-speed broadband across the country . This is all part of a new tactic by the White House to build support for its initiatives before the annual January 20 address . Ordinarily , presidents have held these types of events after the speech . In the past week , the President visited Michigan , Arizona and Tennessee , where he announced proposals focused on the economy and helping the middle class -- highlighting a strengthened auto industry , policies aimed at making homes more affordable , and a plan to make community college free for most students . But Republicans -- such as Sens. Bob Corker and Lamar Alexander , who accompanied the President on his trip Friday to their home state of Tennessee -- have already voiced some skepticism . Asked whether he would support Obama 's community college proposal , Corker said "  Oh no , no , no , no , no , " instead urging other states to do something similar to the President 's initiative rather than create "  a whole new bureaucratic federal program . "	At FTC , Obama will lay out proposals and executive action on identity theft , Internet privacy and technology in schools In Iowa , he will focus on increasing access to high-speed broadband across the country He already has announced proposals during trips to Michigan , Arizona and Tennessee
CNN  -- The average American woman can live long enough to celebrate her 80th birthday , so if a woman is able to become pregnant using in vitro fertilization with a donor egg at 56 , she could still watch her child grow into an adult . But just because it 's possible , does that mean she should ? Some feel that having children after 45 is unfair because the parents might not live to see the kids become adults . The death of 69-year-old Maria del Carmen Bousada of Spain , who used in vitro fertilization with a donor egg to have twin boys at 66 , has the fertility treatment community bracing for a backlash . It could rival the fallout from octuplet mom Nadya Suleman -- and it seems to have already started . In a national online survey about fertility conducted in May by Johnson & Johnson 's Babycenter.com , 7 out of 10 moms who responded wanted tougher regulation laws for IVF treatments , and half of the 1,095 respondents thought it was bad for the children if a parent conceived past 45 . Fertility specialists understand those concerns , but they say it 's not that simple . Although it 's rare for anyone older than 55 to get the go-ahead for IVF , that guideline is peer-enforced rather than mandated , and decisions typically are made on a case-by-case basis . Georgia Dardick , an advertising executive in Boynton Beach , Florida , was one of those cases . Dardick tried to conceive via IVF six times and seriously considered adoption , but at 51 , she was n't ready to let go of her desire to have a baby . "  Fifty was the cutoff for my doctor , but they agreed to give us one more try , " she said . She had her daughter in January . Dardick said she never planned to have a baby at 51 , but feels that she made the right decision , despite the judgments others may have . "  The word selfish has come into my mind . But for any parent , having a child is selfish . No matter what your age is , once you have that child , you owe that child everything . I live the best , healthiest life I can . " Doctors say society 's views of aging needs to change . "  The 40 and 45-year-old of today is not the 40-year-old of the past ; the 50-year-old -LSB- today -RSB- is not the same of the past , " said Dr. John Jain , a physician at the Santa Monica  California  Fertility Clinic who has treated age-related infertility for 15 years . "  They 're eating healthy . A woman who is 45 is barely halfway through -LSB- her -RSB- life . " Healthy or not , having a child at that age can cause tremendous stress on the body . Candidates for IVF after 45 use either an egg donor or their own frozen embryos from a prior cycle and are screened for underlying medical problems , such as diabetes , obesity , hypertension or lung disease , said Dr. Charles Coddington of the Mayo Clinic 's reproductive endocrinology department in Rochester , Minnesota . Still , "  if somebody were in good health , it would be hard to say , ` you should n't have a baby , ' " he said . "  One has to judge where they are , health-wise and financially . " But if a woman who claims to be 55 is actually in her mid-60s -- as Bousada reportedly did -- what 's a doctor to do ? Not much , physicians say . Watch report on death of 69-year-old mother " "  The truth may get dimmed to fit into the realm of a patient that may be acceptable . I do n't sit there and say , ` Go get your birth certificate . ' If someone 's coming in and they 're saying they 're 52 or 55 , I take it at face value , " Coddington said , who does refer questionable cases to the fertility center 's ethics board . Even for those who choose to use it , the availability of this technology can be a double-edged sword . Dardick said she would n't change anything , but if she did have to do it all over again , she said she may have considered adoption earlier . "  In a way , there 's this hope always out there for you , and once you get into it , it 's harder to break away , " she said . It 's the intense desire to have a biological child that Manhattan-based psychotherapist Joan Winograd , who specializes in fertility issues for women 40 and older , has been treating for 20 years . "  I work with women who 've been very successful . They went to the right schools , got married and they feel that everything comes to you if you work hard . But then they realize pregnancy does n't happen that way , " said Winograd . She helps her clients find balance -- and limits -- by creating a plan : How long should they try IVF ? How long until they consider adoption or child-free living ? "  They need that . " Winograd said , "  because many times a doctor will say , ` Look , this is your money , this is your dream ; who am I to say that you ca n't do it anymore . ' " While doctors do help women try to reach their dream , Jain said he is n't afraid to tell a patient "  no " if they simply are n't healthy enough -- or are just too old . But , Jain said , it 's all based on his judgment as a trained physician . "  Ninety-five percent of us do a great job about regulating ourselves . I personally do n't want to see more regulation , because it becomes problematic , and it can be more costly . Someone who 's failed three cycles and -LSB- has already spent -RSB- $ 50,000 -- with the next cycle , will I be more aggressive ? Certainly , " Jain said . "  But maybe there 's a middle ground , if the rule is that donor IVF will not be offered for women over 55 years of age . Regulations at the extremes might be useful . " Even though Dardick plans on living her life as a new mom for quite some time , she said having a baby at her age is n't ideal . She and her husband are taking careful precautions by adjusting their financial planning to make sure their daughter will be financially secure . They 're also tightening bonds with extended family and friends , should anything happen to her or her husband -- a decision Bousada may have made as well , as her twin boys are now in the custody of a relative . Those , Dardick said , are the decisions one has to make when having a child later in life . " "  People feel that it 's not fair to the child because you may not live long enough , " Dardick said . But as someone who lost a father as a teenager , she knows "  there are no guarantees in life . "	If a woman is in good health , she can conceive and give birth into her 50s Most fertility centers stop treating after 55 , but there are n't any laws to enforce this Doctors say tougher regulations would hinder their ability to treat patients Florida woman was able to have her miracle baby at 51
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- The Iranian government has blocked access to the social networking site Facebook amid political jockeying for the June 12 presidential elections , according to the semi-official Iranian Labour News Agency . Opponents of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad like Mir Hossein Mousavi are using technology to reach voters . Reformist candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi -- a former prime minister considered a threat to current hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad -- created a Facebook page for his campaign that has more than 5,000 supporters on the site . Those attempting to visit Facebook received a message in Farsi saying , "  Access to this site is not possible , " according to CNN personnel in Tehran . ILNA reported the Masadiq Committee , made up of representatives from Iran 's intelligence ministry , judiciary and others had ordered the action . After a few hours , the blockage was lifted , but was then reinstated , ILNA said . No reason was given for the block . "  We are disappointed to learn of reports that users in Iran may not have access to Facebook , especially at a time when voters are turning to the Internet as a source of information about election candidates and their positions , " a Facebook spokesperson said in a statement . "  We believe that people around the world should be able to use Facebook to communicate and share information with their friends , family and co-workers . It is always a shame when a country 's cultural and political concerns lead to limits being placed on the opportunity for sharing and expression that the Internet provides . " Ahmadinejad 's challengers are increasingly turning to new technology to spread their message , according to a May 13 article in the Financial Times newspaper . Iran 's population -- estimated at more than 66 million by July 2009 , according to the CIA World Factbook -- has a median age of 27 . The Financial Times , which put the country 's population at 70 million , said 47 million Iranians have cell phones and 21 million have Internet access . "  We are using new technologies because they have the capacity to be multiplied by people themselves who can forward Bluetooth , e-mails and text messages and invite more supporters on Facebook , " Behzad Mortazavi , head of Mousavi 's campaign committee , told the Financial Times . At a Mousavi rally at a stadium Saturday , the Facebook blockage was a topic of conversation among reporters . Many said they had accessed Facebook on Friday night and believe the site was blocked Saturday morning .	Facebook visitors see message in Farsi saying , "  Access to this site is not possible " Iran 's intelligence ministry reportedly behind action ; no reason given for blockage Reformist candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi created Facebook page for campaign President Ahmadinejad 's opponents are using new technology to spread message
CNN  -- A man suspected of opening fire at a Tennessee hospital Monday , killing one and wounding another before killing himself , had a history of mental health problems , police said Tuesday . Investigators searching suspected shooter Abdo Ibssa 's home found medicine for psychotic problems and a note indicating that Ibssa believed a doctor at the hospital had placed an electronic chip inside him during a 2001 appendectomy , Knoxville Police Chief Sterling Owen IV told reporters Tuesday . "  The suspect believed he was being tracked due to this chip , " Owen said . Owen said family members had committed Ibssa to a mental health facility in February , but it was not clear when he had been discharged . Police said Ibssa shot three women outside the Parkwest Medical Center in Knoxville , Tennessee , Monday afternoon before shooting and killing himself . Rachel Wattenbarger , 40 , died from gunshot wounds . The two survivors -- Ariane Guerin , 26 , and Nancy Chancellor , 32 -- were taken to the trauma center at the University of Tennessee hospital . Owen said Tuesday that they were in stable condition . When Ibssa showed up at the hospital Monday afternoon , he asked for the doctor who had apparently performed his appendectomy . He was told the doctor was not there , Owen said , and later opened fire outside the facility . Owen said the .357 Magnum revolver used by the shooter was reported stolen from a residence in Knox County , Tennessee , in March . Police searching Ibbsa 's home also found a Beretta .22 handgun and a book called "  The Official CIA Manual of Tracking and Deception , " Owen said .	Medicine for psychotic problems found at Abdo Ibssa 's home Ibssa believed doctor at the hospital had placed an electronic chip inside him Suspect opened fire at hospital after asking for doctor who had performed his appendectomy Police : Ibssa shot three women outside hospital before shooting and killing himself
London  CNN  -- UK officers have identified 38 "  people of interest " in connection with the disappearance six years ago in Portugal of British toddler Madeleine McCann , the Metropolitan Police said Thursday . McCann disappeared while her family was on vacation on the Algarve coast in 2007 . She was a few days shy of her 4th birthday at the time she vanished from the family 's holiday apartment in Praia da Luz . UK officers who have spent two years reviewing the initial investigations into her disappearance have found "  new findings and new witness evidence , " a police statement said . "  Our review has now progressed to a position where we have identified 38 persons of interest . " Twelve of those are UK nationals who the police believe were in Portugal at the time the girl went missing . All the others are European nationals . Metropolitan Police officers are talking to authorities in other countries to get more information about them and their potential involvement , the statement said . "  We continue to believe that there is a possibility that Madeleine is alive , " said Detective Chief Inspector Andy Redwood , who heads the team . "  It is a positive step in our hunt for Madeleine that our understanding of the evidence has enabled us to shift from review to investigation . " The faces of some of America 's missing CNN 's Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	UK police identify 38 "  people of interest " in connection with Madeleine McCann 's vanishing The 3-year-old disappeared in 2007 from her family 's holiday apartment in Portugal UK police have been reviewing the evidence from the initial investigations Police : "  We continue to believe that there is a possibility that Madeleine is alive "
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- China in 1978 was stranded at a political crossroad . It was just emerging from the chaos of the Cultural Revolution and the death of Chairman Mao . Deng Xiaoping had emerged as the new leader , but Mao 's dogma remained deep-rooted and seemingly immutable . In and outside the Communist Party , a debate raged : Where to , China ? CNN Beijing Bureau Chief Jaime FlorCruz worked on a farm in China 's Hunan province during the 1970s . On December 18 , 1978 , Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping gave his answer . In a Communist Party meeting in Beijing that day , the political elite adopted Deng 's pragmatic program and launched economic reforms . New China was born . People paraded in the streets to celebrate . Families gathered around the dinner table , uncorked wine bottles and toasted each other . Thirty years hence , China 's radical makeover is apparent . China now is nothing short of an economic miracle . Its economy has grown at an average of 9.8 percent since 1978 , making it the fourth largest economy in the world . Incredibly , China has pulled off the equivalent of reform , renaissance and industrial revolution in 30 years . Watch what Deng unleashed " It 's incredible because only three decades ago China was so poor and isolated . I saw it up close when I worked on a farm in Hunan province , Chairman Mao 's hometown , not long after I first arrived in China in 1971 . For several months , I worked there with a production team planting rice , picking tea leaves , feeding pigs and digging ditches . Farmers worked hard and lived Spartan lives . Once , I attended a meeting to honor model workers ; they were awarded bath towels and wash basins . Watch FlorCruz describe China 's transformation since his arrival in 1971 " Today , my Hunan workmates have retired or changed jobs . The farm has disbanded , hit by the squeeze in state subsidies and by local and global competition . It has sold off its land to the local government and to real estate developers . Watch as China marks 30 years of reform " Thirty years ago , there was little international trade . There were few tourists and few cars , but there were millions of bicycles on the streets . Now the streets are jammed with cars , and the air is polluted with fumes , grit and noise . Beijing 's neighborhoods used to be very quiet . Residents lived simple lives mostly in walled courtyards . A seven - or eight-story building was considered unusually high . Now they are dwarfed by skyscrapers which house fancy shopping malls and outlets like McDonald 's , KFC and Starbucks . Fashion used to be just as simple , and utilitarian Regulation attire was the so-called Mao jackets in blue , green and gray and baggy pants of the same colors . The unisex look was the norm . Now street fashion is varied and colorful , if not always chic . Virtually everyone had a job 30 years ago , but they earned little money , and there was little to buy . Supplies of basic commodities were so tight that residents were doled out ration coupons , required to go with cash to buy cotton jackets and clothes , grain , and cooking oil . No coupons , no transaction . Consumers in the late seventies coveted the so-called "  four big things " -- a radio , a bicycle , a sewing machine and a wristwatch . And they were available only in special shops , like the Friendship Store . Now the new "  big things " would include a Mercedes Benz , an apartment and a week-long vacation in Bali or Hawaii . All this would have been inconceivable 30 years ago . But Deng Xiaoping did conceive . Fondly remembered as the "  chief architect " of China 's reform and open-door program , he envisioned a modern , prosperous China and pointed the way forward . Deng 's reforms set off a series of seismic changes , starting in the countryside with the disbanding of the people 's communes . He admonished farmers to work hard and get rich . The farmers responded enthusiastically . Later , Deng shifted the reform to the cities by experimenting with capitalism in designated Special Economic Zones and then spreading it nationwide . Deng 's reform was hailed as a Second revolution . When I worked as a reporter for Time Magazine  1982-2000  the magazine honored him as Time 's Man of the Year -- not just once but twice . There was opposition along the way . There was backlash from the Left and from the Right , as China oscillated from free-wheeling capitalism to puritanical communism . That 's why there were political campaigns in and outside the party , like the one against "  bourgeois liberalization " in the 1980s . And that was largely why the Tiananmen protests happened in 1989 . China has come a long way , but in my interviews with Deng 's political successors , they made it clear that China will have to proceed cautiously and change step by step . "  Cross the river while feeling the pebbles under the water , " was the aphorism proposed by the former premier Zhao Ziyang . Why the caution ? When I interviewed then President Jiang Zemin in 1999 , he explained why . "  There is no encyclopedia that China could simply copy and follow , " he said . China 's reforms have brought about remarkable achievements , but they also triggered unintended consequences : rising unemployment , growing income gaps , environmental degradation , corruption , rising criminality and social unrest . China has done the easy part . Now comes the hard part . China is facing the ripple effects of the global economic downturn : Chinese exports are declining , factories are closing down , workers are laid off en masse . China 's leaders are facing one of the worst economic crises in 30 years . It will take 30 years and more for China to find the right development model so it could change steadily without losing its national identity , ruining its environment and disrupting social and political harmony . Only then can they fully realize Deng Xiaoping 's goal of a modern and prosperous China .	China has undergone a radical makeover in the 30 years since Deng 's reforms CNN 's Jaime FlorCruz remembers China as being poor and isolated Beijing has transformed from quiet neighborhoods to a city of skyscrapers Deng disbanded communes , opened Special Economic Zones , touted capitalism
CNN  -- "  If he has a conscience he will suffer for his mistake . That will be punishment -- as well as the prison . " Fyodor Dostoyevsky A year after QPR played Chelsea at Loftus Road in an English Premier League game there is no sign of the rancor in the racism case involving John Terry and Anton Ferdinand diminishing . Rancor which has prompted despair from media commentators at the systematic abuse players dish out to one another , their refusal to engage in the pre-match handshake ritual and abusive tweets from players and fans alike . Prior to Chelsea left-back Ashley Cole labeling the FA as a bunch of twats in the saga , players ' union chief Gordon Taylor , who is the Professional Footballers ' Association chief executive , likened the dispute to a "  mafia feud " , while former English Football Association chairman Lord Triesman believes is is "  unconscionable " the case has rumbled on for nearly a year . Last month Chelsea captain Terry was handed a four-match ban and a $ 356,000 fine by the English Football Association after being found guilty of racially abusing Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand . Terry 's punishment came just days after he announced his retirement from international football , claiming that England 's governing body had made his position within the national team "  untenable " . In July , the 31-year-old defender had been found not guilty of a racially aggravated public order offense at Westminster Magistrates ' Court . However the FA requires a lower burden of proof than an English court and it took the decision to bring Terry before its disciplinary system . Published last week , the FA 's 63-page report into the case made for uncomfortable reading as it detailed the dispute and its subsequent fall out over the last year . Racism remains "  significant " problem in English football Prior to punishing Terry , the FA also had to deal with another racism case , handing Liverpool striker Luis Suarez an eight-match ban and a Â # 64,000 fine after finding the Uruguayan guilty of racially abusing Manchester United defender Patrice Evra . The rights and wrongs of Suarez 's punishment and of the Terry case -- should the FA , for example , have charged the Chelsea captain after he had been cleared in a court of law -- have been played out endlessly in the media and across social-networking websites like Twitter . But Terry 's punishment and his perceived bitterness regarding the way he has been treated also raises questions about the way the FA , indeed all sports organizations , punish players . Why for example does any punitive action taken not incorporate a rehabilitation approach as recently suggested by PFA chairman Clarke Carlisle ? With black youth unemployment approaching 50 percent in some areas of London , why does n't the FA insist that Terry spends a significant number of hours working within an inner-city community project ? Likewise why does n't the FA donate Terry 's fine to grassroots projects actively involved in building better community relations ? Mourinho defends Terry in racism case The FA 's position is that it is a not for profit organization and all the money that it makes goes directly back into football , either through the professional game structure or directly as investment back into the grassroots structure . "  There does n't seem to be much appetite for creativity from the Football Association , " Piara Powar , executive director of Football Against Racism in Europe , told CNN , after being asked whether a "  rehabilitation " approach might be more productive in the long term . "  Rehabilitation is a fundamental principle of British justice and we still believe in it , " added Powar . "  That is how our justice system works and the idea of rehabilitation should be applied to English football . "  The Terry case has dragged on for so long that it has allowed for some very mixed messages to come out , so I think a rehabilitation sanction is a really good idea . "  What can we think of that allows him to feel that he is not being persecuted ? " Liverpool 's Suarez fined , suspended over racist remarks However , one Premier League footballer has reservations about such an approach . "  I think that in principle the idea is a noble one , " said the Secret Footballer , who writes anonymously about his experiences of playing in the Premier League . "  How would the FA pick an organisation or youth team without being biased ? "  It 's a bit like politics -- nobody is happy with the current situation but nobody seems to have a practical alternative . "  I think the FA are bound by what they can and ca n't do from a legal standpoint . Fines and bans are written in to contracts and players agree to the possibility of this action when they sign a specific contract with the FA . "  Most players do this anyway . Every team has a ` in the community ' vehicle that it uses mainly to capture the next generation of supporters and players . "  All players take it in turn to meet the kids , answer questions , give out awards and play in a little game with them . "  You wo n't read about that though because it is n't very interesting . Down the rabbit hole : Depression in the Premier League "  We 're talking about punishment for racist abuse here . I certainly do n't feel that coaching a group of kids for a week is a suitable punishment . "  As a parent would you want your Black or Asian child to be coached by a player that is only there because he has been charged and subsequently convicted of racist abuse ? I do n't think I would . " The Secret Footballer insisted that there was nothing more professional footballers hated than missing games . "  Missing games hurts footballers more than any other punishment , if we are to buy in to a zero tolerance approach , then the punishment needs to fit the crime and we should not be scared to level 10 game bans for players found guilty of racist abuse . Like Suarez . " Sanctions In recent years it has been argued that leading sports bodies have not always been consistent in the way players , clubs and or federations have been sanctioned . In November 2011 , UEFA fined the Bulgarian Football Union $ 52,000 for its fans ' racist abuse of England players during a Euro 2012 qualifier in Sofia in September last year . Fast forward to Euro 2012 and UEFA fined Denmark 's Nicklas Bendtner $ 125,800 for exposing boxer shorts adorned with the logo of an online betting company as he celebrated scoring against Portugal . Likewise in November , FIFA president Sepp Blatter suggested that players who have been racially abused should shake hands with their opponent upon the final whistle and move on . A new approach ? Over in the United States , various different sports have been testing the water in trying to come up with different ways of punishing miscreant players . Notably the NBA wants to penalize divers or "  floppers " for repeated violations of an act the league says has "  no place in our game " . Players will get a warning the first time , then be fined $ 5,000 for a second violation . The fines increase to $ 10,000 for a third offense , $ 15,000 for a fourth and $ 30,000 the fifth time . Six or more could lead to a suspension . However , the players ' association plans to file a grievance with the league office and an unfair labor practice charge with the National Labor Relations Board , arguing that it should have been consulted first before the new rules were implemented . That NBA approach might win the support of Stoke City manager Tony Pulis , who called for the FA to punish Liverpool striker Suarez for diving after a 0-0 draw at Anfield on Sunday . Major League Soccer 's Disciplinary Committee has also been coming down hard on cheating players in the U.S. , but retrospectively Every week the committee -- a body of five people whose names are not public -- announces suspensions and fines for actions that were not caught by the referee in the previous weekend 's games . The league owners want to change the culture of the league from being "  physical " to more "  creative " , but the players are unhappy that the league is "  re-refereeing " games . Meanwhile , back in England , intriguingly it is understood that a "  rehabilitation " approach could be considered by the FA in the future . Watch this space .	Fallout from racism case involving John Terry and Anton Ferdinand shows no sign of going away Terry was handed a four-match ban and a $ 356,000 fine by the English Football Association Fabio Capello lost his job as England coach ; Terry lost the England captaincy and then retired In the U.S. the NBA and MLS have begun to explore new ways of punishing players .
CNN  -- A tornado touched down in Mayaguez , Puerto Rico , on Saturday afternoon , injuring at least four people and leaving the area without electricity , according to emergency officials . The twister struck Mayaguez , on Puerto Rico 's western coast , at 12:35 p.m. , according to Luis Correa , a spokesman for the State Emergency Department . Video showed twisted scaffolding and crushed cars , among other structural damage at a stadium set to host the 21st Central and Caribbean Games beginning Saturday night . Cables were also downed , causing the area to lose power , officials said . The start of the games , featuring hundreds of athletes in a variety of sports from more than 30 countries , has been postponed until Sunday , officials said . Strong winds remained in the area after the tornado had passed through as workers at the stadium rushed to secure tents and lighting towers , video showed . The four injured were taken to a local hospital where they are in stable condition , said Janita Soto , a spokeswoman for the Mayaguez police . Two of the injured were hurt "  when they were running out of fear , " said Sandra Virella , an emergency department spokeswoman . CNN 's Jackie Castillo contributed to this report .	NEW : The stadium set to host the Central American games is damaged NEW : Four people have been injured NEW : The twister downed cables and damaged cars A tornado touches down on Puerto Rico 's western coast
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Let 's say you were making a film . Which do you think would be harder ? A. Coordinating a mass alien invasion B. Invoking tidal waves and tornadoes C. Telling a prehistoric love story . Roland Emmerich and Steven Strait  D'Leh  discuss a scene shot in Namibia when the young hunter discovers farming for the first time . For Roland Emmerich , the answer is C . He says "  10,000 BC " is without a doubt the most difficult film he 's ever made . It was n't the time-consuming graphics that took the greatest toll , nor the need to re-record a lot of the dialogue . No , the most challenging aspect of this film was , um , the weather . "  You 're obsessed with the weather channel , " Emmerich says , of the duration of filming . "  Ninety percent of this movie was -LSB- shot -RSB- outdoors . " Producer Michael Wimer : "  It seemed like every time we needed sun , we 'd get rain , every time we needed green landscape , we 'd get snow . There we just got a series of curve balls , the weather is really fickle . " Emmerich says : "  It 's like somebody did n't like ` Day After Tomorrow ' and was like : ` We showed him . ' " Filming started in the wintry peaks of New Zealand 's South Island , then moved to Cape Town in South Africa , then further north to the desert of Namibia . But it was n't just the weather that tested the filmmakers ' skill , patience and stamina . see scenes from the film " Prehistoric beasts Visual effects supervisor Karen Goulekas started working on project two years before principal filming even started . She broke down the script to see what could be done , and what could n't , then set about the bringing prehistoric animals back to life . Perhaps her biggest challenge was to create the film 's "  terror birds " , flightless predators with huge beaks that hunt like sharks , suddenly piercing through long grass to snatch their prey before disappearing again . The birds were based on a number of images . During filming the terrifying bird was actually a blue head on a stick . "  It 's been an experience , " says Camilla Belle  Evolet  , "  I 've never worked with blue birds before and all that fun stuff . " see D'Leh take on the terror birds " Sets After seeing off all manner of prehistoric threats , the film 's hero D'Leh and his assembled army are awestruck by an immense ` lost ' civilization dominated by pyramids that reach up into the sky . Not only did the filmmaker build the pyramids  at Dune 7 in Namibia  , they also built miniature replicas of the pyramids , ` God 's palace ' , the slave quarters and the Nile River . The buildings were made in Munich before being transport to Namibia in 15 sea containers . Once assembled , they covered an area of 100 square meters . see the pyramids during a battle scene in the film Costumes What to wear when you live in 10,000 BC ? Presumably there was n't much choice in those days , which gave the film 's costume designers plenty of scope to use their imagination . They dressed the Yagahl tribe , or mammoth hunters , in antelope fur and hides in place of mammoth . But the weather was so cold during filming that some actors also wore thermals underneath . The final scenes required dressing 800 extras as slaves . Each costume had to be handmade to conceal the stitching . Says costume designer Renee April : "  We had an army in the workshops making beads from clay and glass and sewing them onto the costumes as well as making the fabric and headdresses . " 1000 sandals also had to be made to order . Sound Most of the dialogue in the film had to be recorded not once , but twice . Peter Gleaves , an Automated Dialogue Replacement Mixer at De Lane Lea Studios in Soho , London explains : "  The original sound sometimes has background noises -- wind machines , sounds of cars and aeroplanes -- that in a production like ' 10,000 BC ' you do n't want to hear . So to get rid of them you have to get the actors to redo all their lines , or most of their lines . " Steven Strait was summoned to London to re-record some of his dialogue . When the Revealed cameras dropped in he was working on his grunts . see Steven Strait grunting and panting ! "  It 's an action sequence , " Strait explains , "  so there are very few words . It 's mostly just running and jumping and grunting and doing all sorts of strange sound effects that are going to look incredibly weird in this room , but hopefully it works in the film . " see the final product of Steven 's grunting , the mammoth hunt	Emmerich developed obsession with the weather during filming of "  10,000 BC " Film was shot in New Zealand 's South Island , South Africa and Namibia Other challenges include creating film 's ` terror birds ' , shark-like predators Miniature pyramids , ` God 's palace ' , made in Munich then shipped to Namibia
CNN  -- Fueled by hot , dry conditions , a wildfire near Flagstaff in northern Arizona grew to 10,000 acres , city officials said late Monday . The blaze spread so quickly , it caught some locals off guard . Flagstaff city spokeswoman Kimberly Ott said the source of the fire was an abandoned campfire . The Schultz Fire ignited late Sunday morning , shutting down part of U.S. Route 89 and causing the Coconino County Sheriff 's Office to evacuate at least 748 properties , including two residential neighborhoods , an animal shelter and the Sunset Crater and Wupatki National Monuments . The sheriff 's office is recommending that nearby residents put together evacuation kits . "  It 's something that unless you 've lived through it , I do n't think you can imagine , " evacuee Patti Vorhees told CNN affiliate KTVK as she packed up her pets and left . "  You literally take your prescriptions , your animals and the clothes on your back . " The Red Cross has set up a shelter at Mount Elden Middle School in Flagstaff . The Coconino County website says the U.S. Forest Service and several fire departments responded with about 300 firefighters , eight air tankers and five helicopters to put out the blaze . A Type One Incident Management Team also was sent to the scene . The U.S. Fire Administration website says that 's a self-contained team of 35 to 50 highly trained personnel deployed to manage incidents of "  national significance . " High winds in the area Sunday did n't help . The winds both stoked the flames and caused emergency crews to ground the air tankers for 5 1/2 hours Sunday afternoon . CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said gusty southwesterly winds , from 20 to 30 mph , will blow through the area through Tuesday , then calm by Wednesday morning . There 's a slight chance of showers and thunderstorms in the area beginning on Thursday , Morris said . Government fire spokesman Eric Neitzel told CNN affiliate KPHO that higher humidity and lower temperatures overnight allowed firefighters to "  make some good progress on the line " and protect structures . KTVK 's website , www.azfamily.com , says authorities shut down part of Highway 89 Sunday because of visibility issues , as the Schultz Fire was producing a huge plume of smoke that could be seen for miles . But by Monday morning , Neitzel told KPHO the cooperative overnight weather , including calmer winds , were making the smoke " -LSB- lay -RSB- down ... so you do n't see the big tower of smoke . " The Schultz Fire was the second large wildfire to break out in the Flagstaff area this weekend . The Hardy Fire started early Saturday afternoon . But the Hardy Fire is much smaller , at 300 acres , and firefighters have been able to contain 30 percent of it . The Flagstaff Fire Department initially had ordered evacuations of two neighborhoods and the Cococino Humane Society because of the Hardy Fire , but those evacuation orders have been rescinded , said the Coconino County website .	NEW : 10,000 acres burned in northern Arizona At least 748 properties evacuated , including homes , animal shelter and 2 national monuments Red Cross has set up a shelter at a middle school A lesser wildfire , the Hardy Fire , also struck Flagstaff area this weekend
CNN  -- Is the dome doomed ? Voters may have given the Astrodome , Houston 's iconic and once cutting-edge stadium , the kiss of death . It 's too early to write an obituary for the structure once deemed the "  Eighth Wonder of the World , " but the defeat of the bond initiative Tuesday night stacks the odds against the dome . Voters in Harris County were given a voice on whether to issue $ 217 million in bonds to transform the deteriorating structure into a mammoth exhibition and event space . The county owns the Astrodome , and its commissioners had warned that if the measure did not pass , the only course left would be to demolish it . The proposition was rejected by a 53 % -47 % vote . Harris County Judge Ed Emmett "  said that with voters rejecting the only viable public option and no viable private option on the table , there 's little choice but to demolish the dome , " the judge 's spokesman , Joe Stinebaker , said . However , nothing can happen until the county commission meets and votes to go ahead with the demolition . The item has not been added to the commission 's agenda , but it could happen as early as next Tuesday . A majority of the commissioners had said that if the proposition failed , that they would favor demolition . 6 imperiled and extinct sports sites Nostalgia not lacking Whether they voted for or against the measure to save the Astrodome , Houstonians share a nostalgia for the stadium . Completed in 1965 , it was the first domed stadium in the world and was deemed a remarkable feat of engineering . The dome was the primary home of the Houston Astros and the Houston Oilers , in addition to hosting rodeos , concerts and other events . Stephen Chmaitelli , 38 , remembers being dropped off at the Astrodome with his friends as children and catching a ball game before walking to the nearby  and now defunct  Astroworld theme park . "  It was a fun way to spend your days during the summer , " he said . "  There are just so many memories there . " Chmaitelli voted in favor of saving the dome based on the renderings he saw of the kind of space the new dome would be . The space would make it bigger than the city 's convention center , and the redesign would retain the feel of the old stadium while modernizing it . Remodeling made economic sense , he said : The county could not buy land in such a prime location and erect a structure of such ambition for such a good price . The Astrodome was always a symbol of pride for the city , said Bowen Shepard , a 32-year-old Houston native . But he voted against the resolution because the structure had already begun to fall into disrepair years ago . The dome looked outdated sitting next to the more modern Reliant Stadium , and fixing it up just did n't seem worth the cost , he said . "  Everything has its time , and everything 's time comes to an end , " he said . Endangered building Months before the vote , before it was even announced that a vote would be held , the National Trust for Historic Preservation included the Astrodome on its yearly list of "  11 Most Endangered Historical Places . " On the same day that the Harris County revitalization proposal was floated , the trust named the dome one of 35 "  national treasures " in the country . The designation meant that the trust put its resources to work in an attempt to save the Astrodome . "  We 're disappointed this morning , " Beth Wiedower , a senior field officer for the trust , said the day after the vote . "  I think  the outcome  was less of a comment on the value of the building , the heritage associated with it and more the confusion that surrounded the Astrodome these last years , " she said . For the past five years , the Astrodome has been essentially vacant . The electricity and water are still on , but it is unoccupied and used mostly for storage . It costs the county an estimated $ 2 million to $ 3 million to maintain it , the county said . Several ideas from the private sector have appeared over the years , but nothing with funding . As ideas have come and gone , Wiedower believes that many voters misunderstood that Tuesday 's vote may have been a definitive move on the building 's fate . Now that the votes have been cast and the Astrodome is in serious jeopardy , Wiedower predicted there will be a great number of Houstonians who will regret the loss of the stadium . If the city indeed has a change of heart at this point , the only way out might be for a "  white knight " from the private sector to swoop in with a plan , said Stinebaker , the county judge 's spokesman .	Voters rejected a proposal to remodel and save the Astrodome The vote means that the historic stadium is likely to be demolished The Astrodome had been labeled a national treasure
On Friday , a military jury decided U.S. Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales will get life in prison without parole for killing 16 Afghan villagers . Yet victims left behind -- some bearing physical scars , others with emotional ones from seeing their kin indiscriminately , brutally gunned down -- say that , with that sentence , they do n't feel they got justice . Friday 's decision was not entirely unexpected . In June Bales ' pleaded guilty to more than 30 criminal charges , including 16 premeditated murder counts , spared himself from the prospect of a death sentence . He also pleaded guilty to charges related to illicit steroid and alcohol use . But it still remained up to a jury of four officers and two enlisted personnel to decide whether Bales should be eligible for parole . They decided Friday he is not , according to Lt. Col. Gary Dangerfield with Joint Base Lewis-McChord . That means the 39-year-old will spend the rest of his life in a military prison . That 's not punishment enough for Haji Wazir . Now 40 , Wazir was inside his home in the Panjwai district of Afghanistan 's southern Kandahar province in the pre-dawn hours of March 11 , 2012 , when Bales barged in . What followed was a nightmare , ending with bloodied , limp and in some instances scorched bodies . "  We wanted this murderer to be executed , but we did n't get our wish , " Wazir said through an interpreter Friday from the Washington state U.S. Army base where the sentence was handed down . The sentence was not just , he added , before appealing to the U.S public to put themselves in his shoes . "  I 'm asking the average American right here : If somebody jumps into your house in the middle of the night and kills 11 members of your family and tries to burn them , what punishment would you be passing on that person ? " Wazir and his family were n't the only ones torn on that horrific morning some 18 months ago . Bales slipped away from Camp Belambay , the remote outpost where he was stationed , and into one village , where he began shooting at civilians . After that , he returned to the base , reloaded and went out again to target another village . He left a trail of blood and gore in both villages , with nine children among the dead . Witnesses claimed that the U.S. soldier dragged some bodies of his victims ' outside and set them ablaze . The horror ended when Bales returned , once again , to Camp Belambay and turned himself in . In the subsequent hours and days , some spoke highly about Bales , such as attorney Emma Scanlan who described him as a "  devoted husband , father and dedicated member of the armed service . " Yet in Afghanistan and around the world , the massacre quickly spurred outrage . The Taliban vowed to retaliate "  by killing and beheading Americans anywhere in the country . " Afghan President Hamid Karzai suggested , after meeting with villagers who 'd seen the carnage and wanted Bales to be tried there to "  heal our broken hearts , " that the incident had put U.S.-Afghan relations at a breaking point . "  It is by all means the end of the rope here , " Karzai said then . "  The end of the rope that nobody can afford such luxuries anymore . " Bales was identified as the culprit days later and eventually put in solitary confinement at the U.S. military prison in Fort Leavenworth , Kansas . The military announced last December that Bales faced a court-martial . The Army soldier spoke at this week 's sentencing , calling what he 'd done "  an act of cowardice . " "  I hid behind a mask of Bravado , " Bales said , according to a tweet from court from Drew Mikkelsen of CNN Seattle affiliate KING . Also admitting he 'd taken steroids and drank sporadically , the soldier apologized to his victims . "  I am responsible , " he said . Because of him , some in Afghanistan are still suffering the consequences . Haji Mohammad Naim saw Bales come into his southwest Afghanistan home around 2 a.m. and kill women there , as well as some of his children . Bullets struck him in the neck and the face . That incident and others in which U.S. soldiers have killed civilians -- including another of Naim 's sons , in a separate incident , he says -- have disgraced American forces in the eyes of many Afghans . Children in his village used to run toward U.S. troops , Naim said ; now , they "  run away and try to hide . " If America is to improve its image , there must be accountability , he said . And if Washington wants to help rebuild Afghanistan , "  try to send the right people , not maniacs and psychos like  Bales  . " Still , even if the U.S. governments acts differently , some pain and suffering ca n't be undone . Recalling tears shed by Bales ' mother during the legal proceedings , Naim said , "  But at least she can go and visit him . "  What about us ? " he asked rhetorically . "  Our family members are actually 6 feet under , and there 's no way that we can visit them at all . "  They 're gone . "	"  We did n't get our wish , " says an Afghan whose relatives were killed Another says America has lost credibility , support in Afghanistan Staff Sgt. Robert Baleshot dead 16 Afghan civilians before turning himself in Bales pleaded guilty in June , sparing him the prospect of a death sentence
On our final 2014 trip around the "  Inside Politics " table , our reporters shared insights on a key midterm year moment -- or a key marker to look for in 2015 . Some of the nuggets were a bit of both : 1 . Elizabeth who ? Clinton 's important outreach to her left We end the year with several liberal groups urging Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts to change her mind and seek the presidency in 2016 . Some of this is real , some is part fund-raising gimmick , and some is designed to keep pressure on runaway Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton . Politico 's Maggie Haberman shared reporting of how Team Clinton is paying close attention -- and making key inroads . One group that has not joined the "  Draft Warren " movement just happens to be the one perhaps closest to her , the Progressive Change Campaign Committee . Haberman took us inside a key meeting -- a top Clinton political aide sitting down with PCCC leadership . "  This is the first time you 're seeing people in Clintonland trying to build a bridge openly , in a serious way , toward Warren 's supporters . This is also the group that has not joined the draft movement . So I think that this is something you are going to see more of going forward . " 2 . A Mississippi turning point Robert Costa of The Washington Post highlighted the bruising Mississippi Senate primary as a 2014 turning point . Remember , tea party favorite Chris McDaniel nearly beat incumbent GOP Sen. Thad Cochran . "  If Chris McDaniel had won that primary , it would have cost Republican candidates across the country a lot of political points , " Costa noted . "  They would have to answer for all of his statements , all of his radio comments from the past . " Instead , though , the GOP establishment carried the day . "  That primary really signaled what was happening in the party this year -- a push back against the tea party ahead of 2016 , trying to get the party toward the center , back toward a winning coalition . " The tea party promises a comeback in 2015 and beyond . Worth watching . 3 . A wartime presidential legacy ? Julie Pace of The Associated Press recalled some big presidential decisions of 2014 that proved how difficult it is for President Obama to follow the foreign policy course he laid out in his initial 2008 campaign . "  One of the defining moments in 2014 for the White House was President Obama 's decision to launch airstrikes in Iraq and Syria . I 've covered Barack Obama for a very long time . And if you had told me that I would be writing about him going back into military conflict in the Middle East instead of pulling out of it , I would have told you you were crazy , " Pace said . Looking back , Pace recalled "  getting out of the Middle East , war in the Middle East , was a central promise , a central promise that Barack Obama made to the voters . And if he ends his presidency in military conflict , then I think it really jeopardizes the legacy for him . " 4 . Obama betting on his 'em erging ' coalition In several big 2014 challenges , Nia-Malika Henderson of The Washington Post saw Obama being guided by his loyalty to the new demographics of his core political constituency . And , she suggests , trying to send a signal to future Democratic candidates . "  Immigration reform , Obama 's moves on Cuba , as well as some of his comments on Ferguson and race , " were three topics Henderson believes can be linked , in part . "  Part of his , you know , sort of ` Bulworth ' moment is realizing and really embracing the idea that the Democratic Party is -- is a black and brown party , is a party that is going to be progressive -- progressive around these issues of race . You know , part of sort of the downside of that , we saw some of that in 2014 with the cratering of the white vote . "  The 1998 comedy "  Bulworth " is about a politician who starts saying exactly what he thinks . But looking forward , Henderson notes , Hillary Clinton seems to agree with Obama . "  With Clinton very much doubling down on that , some of the comments she 's made on race , her immediately coming out in terms of the immigration reform -- this is going to have consequences , I think , for the party , the Democratic Party , going forward . " And , she suggests , Republicans ignore the lessons at their peril . 5 . Boehner and McConnell 's New Year 's resolution Old school is the way to go -- if you 're Speaker John Boehner and Majority Leader-to-be Mitch McConnell . Both are mindful that deadline budget deals have created political openings for what they consider harmful tea party antics in recent years -- most noteworthy , of course , the government shutdown . So their plan is to go back to old-fashioned budgeting : passing individual appropriations bills for government agencies and having those debates in the spring and summer -- well in advance of the October 1 beginning of the fiscal year . That way if , say , Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas wants to derail the process because of some tea party objection , the delay happens harmlessly in the summer or early fall -- not up against the deadline . Same goes if it 's the Democrats who are trying to make a point . Or even if there is a presidential veto of an appropriations bill . Less drama and political harm , Boehner and McConnell believe , if these things are dealt with in what Washington calls regular order . So if it is regular -- normal -- why is it such a big test ? Well , the last time Congress and the White House went through a full appropriations process in regular order ? Bill Clinton was president .	Clinton 's team reaches out to Warren supporters Boehner and McConnell make a New Year 's resolution Obama bets on his "  emerging " coalition
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Despite international pressure , Iran said Tuesday that it rejects Brazil 's offer of asylum for an Iranian woman sentenced to death by stoning . Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva proposed Saturday to give sanctuary to Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani , whose case has garnered global attention . Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast said Lula lacked sufficient information about the case , the state news agency Agencia Brasil said . Ashtiani was convicted of adultery in 2006 and was originally sentenced to death by stoning . Iranian authorities say the sentence has been put on hold , but there have been no reports as to whether a new sentence has been imposed . Meanwhile , a human rights activist who has taken up Ashtiani 's case penned a letter to Lula , saying that his offer was an "  important step " in saving Ashtiani from undue punishment . Mina Ahadi of the International Committee against Stoning said the campaign to save Ashtiani 's life will continue . She said she hopes Brazil and other governments will keep up pressure on the Islamic regime in Tehran , which she said rules through fear and punishment and should not be recognized by the international community . "  Allow me , as a representative of the oppressed people in Iran , to say that I not only want to save Sakineh and abolish stoning , but that I also ask all heads of state not to recognise the Islamic regime as the representative of the Iranian people but to see it as the murderer of people in Iran , " Ahadi wrote in her letter to Lula . Brazil 's relations with Iran have improved in recent years and it recently participated in talks with Tehran aimed at restarting negotiations about Iran 's nuclear program . In May , Brazil helped broker a deal with Iran that would provide the government with enriched uranium for medical research . Ashtiani , a 43-year-old mother of two , is reportedly still being held in Tabriz prison . Iran 's judiciary could reinstate her sentence of death by stoning , execute her by other means , or possibly even grant her a reprieve , according to human rights groups . Ashtiani 's attorney , Mohammad Mostafaei , has gone into hiding since last weekend after being interrogated by Iranian authorities , human rights groups say . Advocates and Mostafaei say his wife and brother-in-law are being held by Iranian authorities .	Brazil 's president offered to save Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani 's life She is condemned to die by stoning after being convicted of adultery in 2006 A human rights activist said she hoped the world would keep up pressure on Iran She wrote a letter to Lula saying Brazil 's offer was an "  important step "
CNN  -- Whether you are young or old , man or woman , very healthy or quite sick , it is almost a certainty that you are going to use a prescription drug in the next year or two . These medicines are crucial for preventing diseases and treating all sorts of ailments and problems . They are also expensive -- really expensive . For example , the best-selling drug of all time , Pfizer 's cholesterol lowering drug Lipitor , went for $ 3.50 per pill and up before going generic in late 2011 . But these days some retail chains are giving away generic Lipitor while the rest are charging barely 50 cents a pill . Prescription drugs cost Americans far more than they do people living in many other parts of the world . This is because drug companies spend a fortune on direct-to-consumer sales and marketing  which they do n't do in other countries  and because other nations negotiate better deals for drugs than private insurers do in the United States . Is there anything that can be done to lower costs and increase the availability of more affordable and equally effective drugs ? Yes . Earlier this year , the U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments in a case that drew little attention in the media : Federal Trade Commission v. Actavis . The stakes are high . When the court decides this case , probably in June , it will either reinforce Big Pharma shenanigans that have helped keep prices high and skyrocketing , or finally bring some relief to our pocketbook and escalating national health care bill for drugs . The issue is whether companies that own patents for prescription drugs can pay other companies that want to make cheaper generic versions not to do so , a practice known as pay-for-delay . One way to get lower prices on drugs is to get generic versions out to replace name-brand drugs . Generic drugs include the exact same active ingredients as the brand names . The difference is the name of the medication and the color or shape of the pill . Prescription drug manufacturers , fearing the arrival of cheaper generics and knowing or worrying that their patents alone wo n't keep out competitors , try to buy off the competition instead . In the case before the court , Solvay Pharmaceuticals is accused of paying off would-be generic manufacturers of their blockbuster drug AndroGel , a synthetic testosterone used by hundreds of thousands of AIDS patients , cancer patients , elderly men and others who suffer from low levels of testosterone . The generic companies were happy ; they made money for doing nothing . Solvay continued to reap huge profits by keeping its monopoly in the market . The only losers were patients who have had to keep paying much higher prices for their name-brand-only drug . Usually , buying off your competitors is clearly illegal . Pay-for-delay deals run counter to basic antitrust principles . Nonetheless , some lower courts , declining to evaluate the strength of a patent , have let Big Pharma get away with these deals . Big Pharma views the settlements as a bargain . Instead of losing up to 90 % of their market share bcause of the introduction of a generic , companies can simply pay generic manufacturers and make the competition go away . A 1984 law , the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act , commonly known as the Hatch-Waxman Act , was intended to speed up lower-cost generic competition . Big Pharma has managed to completely undermine Hatch-Waxman 's intent , which was to put in place mechanisms that encouraged generic drug makers to challenge the weak patents often used to protect brand-name drugs . Unfortunately , the AndroGel case is not unique . In recent years , deals between Big Pharma and generic drug makers have delayed the introduction of a diverse range of cheaper generics including cancer drugs , AIDS treatments , blood pressure medications , antidepressants , allergy medications , sleep aids , ADD medications and more . The Congressional Budget Office says pay-for-delay tactics cost consumers billions of dollars and the Federal Trade Commission estimates these pay-for-delay deals will cost Americans up to $ 35 billion over the next 10 years . Rep. Henry Waxman , D-California , who co-wrote the Hatch-Waxman Act , has been very vocal in arguing that a law Congress intended to help reduce the cost of prescription medicines has been hijacked by the drug industry to do the opposite . What we have now are the generic manufacturers and Big Pharma making a fortune by agreeing to delay competition that would bring lower priced drugs to market . A few weeks ago , the Indian Supreme Court took a hard look at the way big drug companies were using patent extensions to keep out low price competition . They said forget itâ $ " that sort of tomfoolery will not be allowed . The U.S. Supreme Court would be wise to concur , heed the Federal Trade Commission 's complaint and bring pay-for-delay to an abrupt end . The right prescription for making medicines cheaper and better is to encourage competition , not stifle it with backroom deals where everyone gets a great deal except for the patients . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Arthur Caplan and Zachary Caplan .	The Supreme Court probably will decide in June on Federal Trade Commission v. Actavis Arthur Caplan , Zachary Caplan : Big Pharma has kept prescription drug prices high Caplans : The court 's decision will affect our escalating national health care bill for drugs They say the Supreme Court should end pay-for-delay and encourage market competition
EW.com  -- The mother has a voice : Meg Ryan has been cast as the narrator for CBS ' "  How I Met Your Mother " spinoff . EW : ` How I Met Your Mother ' spinoff casts lead role The actress has landed the unseen vocal role in the "  How I Met Your Dad " pilot , which is considered an obvious front-runner for a series order for CBS ' schedule next season . She 'll supply the voice of "  future Sally "  played during the series in flashback by Greta Gerwig  , the same way Bob Saget supplied the voice for future Ted in "  HIMYM . " Like Saget , her character will never be seen . EW : ` How I Met Your Dad ' : Why Greta Gerwig casting is a good sign Ryan is one of the original modern-day rom-com movie stars , having launched her career in 1989 with the hit "  When Harry Met Sally . " She 's since appeared in "  Sleepless in Seattle , " "  In the Cut , " and had a recurring role on Showtime 's "  Web Therapy . " "  How I Met Your Dad " is her first major prime-time TV series regular role . CBS and studio 20th Century Fox TV had no comment . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Ryan will play the narrator She will supply the voice of "  future Sally " Like Bob Saget on "  HIMYM , " she wo n't be seen
CNN  -- Barcelona coach Frank Rijkaard has confirmed that he expects AC Milan target Ronaldinho to leave the Nou Camp at the end of this season . Brazil forward Ronaldinho is expected to join Italian club AC Milan during the summer transfer window . The Brazilian 's agent has had talks with the former European champions , but Barcelona have yet to agree a fee for the player . Rijkaard , whose own position is under some doubt after a poor domestic season , told Catalan television channel TV3 that Ronaldinho may feature in Barca 's final Spanish league home match against Real Mallorca on May 11 if he recovers from injury . "  Yes , it could be then , " said the Dutchman . "  He could yet play in the last game of the season in the Nou Camp . If he is to play again , he has to be fit , " added Rijkaard . When asked whether former Paris St Germain star Ronaldinho would leave in the summer , Rijkaard replied : "  You would have to think so . "  I do n't want people to forget what he 's done for this club . I hope that he leaves with his head held high and that he demonstrates to the world of football just who he is . " Ronaldinho has been sidelined by injuries several times this season , with his latest problem a hamstring complaint which has kept him out since the start of April . "  One must remember everything the way it happened . I did not over-protect him . He is a player that never caused any problems , " Rijkaard said , denying suggestions that he had fallen out with the two-time former World Player of the Year . When asked about his own job , Rijkaard said he was waiting for talks with the Barca board . "  I am very excited and want to complete my task . Then we shall see . The club has always helped me a lot , but we will have to see what is best for everyone , " he said . Barcelona 's only hope of winning silverware this season is in the Champions League , with the club taking on Manchester United in the second leg of the semifinals at Old Trafford on Tuesday night . United held on to draw the first leg 0-0 at the Nou Camp last Wednesday after Cristiano Ronaldo missed an early penalty for the English champions . "  It is a difficult place to go and they have a strong team , but I believe we can qualify . United are a team that will not be afraid . They play like they know and have a strong mentality and a lot of talent , " Rijkaard . "  They do not complicate things . They will go forward more than in the Nou Camp and that could give us chances . Defending is not our style . We need to worry only about the way we play . " United may be missing England striker Wayne Rooney and Serbia defender Nemanja Vidic . Both sat out Monday 's training session after suffering injuries during Saturday 's 2-1 defeat at Premier League title rivals Chelsea . Vidic , who missed the first leg because of a stomach problem , lasted just eight minutes at Stamford Bridge before being stretchered off after being accidentally kneed in the face by Chelsea striker Didier Drogba . Rooney injured his hip before scoring the equalizer -- his 18th goal this season -- and was replaced in the 63rd minute by Cristiano Ronaldo . E-mail to a friend	Barcelona coach Frank Rijkaard confirms he expects Ronaldinho to leave club The Brazil forward has been in talks with AC Milan but no fee has been agreed Rijkaard says Ronaldinho may make a farewell outing if he recovers from injury
CNN  -- The Food and Drug Administration warned this week that thousands of Philips automated external defibrillators  AED  might not be able to deliver a needed shock in a cardiac emergency situation . The agency said Tuesday customers should keep the defibrillators -- designed for home use and use by emergency responders -- until a replacement arrives . In 2012 , Philips recalled about 700,000 of the devices , saying a problem with an internal electrical component problem could falsely indicate the AED was ready to use , according to the FDA . Last month , Philips updated its customers to say that the part failure could also cause the AEDs to be unable to deliver a shock . "  Despite current manufacturing and performance problems , the FDA considers the benefits of attempting to use an AED in a cardiac arrest emergency greater than the risk of not attempting to use the defibrillator , " said Steve Silverman , director of the office of compliance in the FDA 's Center for Devices and Radiological Health . The FDA issued recommendations in a safety communication for using the devices during emergency situations and monitoring the readiness of the AED . AEDs analyze heart rhythm and deliver a shock to return the heart beat to normal . The devices were sold between 2005 and 2012 by Philips Healthcare with model names HeartStart FRx , HeartStart HS1 Home , and HeartStart HS1 OnSite . Doctors develop a heart with no pulse If you think you might have one of these products in your home or office , call Philips HealthCare and they will replace it . The phone number is 1-800-263-3342 or e-mail , HeartStartCapacitorAction@philips.com	FDA says a problem with the machines may prevent needed shock to patient Agency issues recommendation on how to use device Keep the AED until you get a replacement , FDA says
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Kevin Garibo has n't known life outside a hospital . Born three months ago with respiratory issues , he needed a procedure to breathe on his own . Nurses prod at him , medical machines hum around him and tubes are more present than teddy bears . But in the arms of Chris Haack , who strokes his cheek and speaks in a soft whisper while rocking him in a chair , little Kevin is one blissed-out baby . Haack , a retired nurse from Roswell , Georgia , is a trained volunteer with "  Baby Buddies , " a program in the neonatal intensive care unit at Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta at Egleston . As nurses race around administering medical care , she can comfort the tiny patients and stand in for parents who ca n't be there all the time to give the positive attention -- not the attention associated with pain or discomfort -- that is key to a baby 's development and integral in forming trust . "  They need to be touched , they need to be loved , and that face -- that 's why I do it , " Haack says , peering down with a smile at Kevin , whose eyes are locked on hers . "  I get more out of it than I probably give . " Studies show that giving , which extends beyond packages wrapped in ribbons , does a person good . In this holiday season , CNN introduces with this story a special series we 're calling "  Giving in Focus : The 12 Days of Goodness , " in which we 'll highlight acts of kindness and generosity that we hope will inspire . Has someone done a good deed for you ? Share your story One person who can attest to the power of giving is Cami Walker , a 36-year-old woman who received a prescription to give when her multiple sclerosis , a diagnosis she got at age 33 , left her a physical and emotional wreck . She could barely get out of bed , and yet Mbali Creazzo , a friend and spiritual mentor , single-handedly killed Walker 's pity party . She said , " ` Cami , you really need to stop thinking about yourself . ... You 're feeding this disease , ' " Walker remembers . "  She said , ' I have a prescription for you . Give away 29 gifts in 29 days . ' " Creazzo , a South African born medicine woman who lives in Oakland , California , explained that the idea , rooted in indigenous practices , was taught to her , although the number of days prescribed may have been different . "  Altruism has been going on for thousands of years , " said Creazzo , 58 . "  Why it 's so powerful at this moment is because of what 's happening in the world today . People are looking for that place inside of them where they are of some use . " Walker , who lives in Hollywood , California , dismissed Creazzo 's suggestion at first but came back to it when she realized she had nothing to lose by trying . What followed made her a convert to the idea . Whether she simply called a friend to offer support or bought iced-tea for a homeless guy on a hot day , the simple actions made a difference . She said her mood lifted , her ability to get around improved and the progression of the disease stopped . "  I do n't see it as a cure . I still have MS , " said Walker , who went on to write the best-seller "  29 Gifts : How a Month of Giving Can Change Your Life " and create an online community at 29gifts . org , where Creazzo is also involved . "  I really do n't think about the limitations of my disease . I wake up more focused on what I 'm capable of . " A long list of scientific and widely accepted studies point to the benefits a giver gets , said Stephen Post , author of "  Why Good Things Happen to Good People : How to Live a Longer , Healthier , Happier Life by the Simple Act of Giving . " One study looked at preteens who 'd first been surveyed in the 1920s in Berkeley , California . Those who displayed generosity and a giving attitude grew up to have lower rates of heart disease and depression , said Post , a professor of preventive medicine and director of the Center for Medical Humanities , Compassionate Care , and Bioethics at Stony Brook University in New York . A study done at Harvard showed the strength of immune systems grew among students who watched a film about Mother Theresa , he said , and stayed high among those who were asked to continue thinking about giving . MRI devices have illustrated that the part of the brain that releases "  feel-good chemicals , " he said , lights up when giving 's on the mind . Post , who 's also the president of The Institute for Research on Unlimited Love , said hormone levels tied to serenity , trust and compassion rise when people exhibit generous behaviors . Those same feelings , he added , have long been known to help wounds heal more quickly . Another study , one he 's involved with now , has shown that people who go through Alcoholics Anonymous and then help other alcoholics have a 40 percent rate of recovery , while those who do n't help other alcoholics recover at a rate of 22 percent , he said . "  Kitchen table wisdom says it 's good to be good , " and giving is "  part of every moral and spiritual tradition , " said Post , whose own mother used to tell him to "  go out and do something for someone " whenever he got pouty . "  It turned out there actually is pretty good science about this . " For Azim Jamal , a motivational speaker and co-author of the best-seller "  The Power of Giving : How Giving Back Enriches Us All , " the excitement about this topic is rooted in the possibilities of what might be -- the ripple effect . If everyone gave time , money , talents or passion , what could that mean for individuals , communities , even the world ? "  The power of giving is instantaneous , continuous and eternal , " he said . "  When you die , you do n't take what you have . You take what you gave . "	Nurturing hospitalized babies serves patients as well as volunteers Author says 29 days of giving changed her life , made MS more bearable Scientific studies show physical and mental benefits of giving attitudes Ripple effect of giving can affect individuals , communities and world
Clashes between rival militias . Allegations of detainee torture . Assaults on the headquarters of the National Transitional Council , which governs Libya . These are among the signs that Libya faces challenges on several fronts as it struggles to craft a new nation from the ashes of tyranny . Almost a year after the Libyan uprising erupted in the eastern city of Benghazi , the nation ruled by Moammar Gadhafi for four long decades is discovering -- the hard way -- the thorny side of nation building . Prime Minister Abdurrahim el-Keib acknowledged Libya 's difficult journey in a national address Wednesday , calling on people to help the government deal with an inheritance from one of the "  strangest and most complicated regimes in history . " That -- coupled with months of violence and bloodshed -- has added to the fledgling state 's disarray . Libyans are fed up . They want trust , transparency . And they want to see immediate progress . Their frustration has surfaced in protests in several Libyan cities over the last few days , most notably in Benghazi , the seat of the revolution , where Libyans stormed the National Transitional Council building . There has also been a recent flare-up in violence . Clashes between pro- and anti-Gadhafi forces have turned lethal . And the nation is still struggling to establish rule of law . Human rights monitors sounded alarms again this week after several detainees died of abuse . Libya 's problems far outweigh the capacity of the new leadership to deal with them , said longtime Libya observer Dirk Vandewalle , author of "  A History of Modern Libya . " "  There are no easy solutions here , " he said . A key issue at hand is the legitimacy and authority of the transitional council . The governing body does not have physical control over a nation fragmented along regional and tribal lines . And it was mainly self-appointed , not elected to power by a popular vote . "  There is no full trust in the government , " former rebel fighter Adel AbdElmajid Zoubi told the United Nations ' humanitarian news agency IRIN . Libyan detainees died after torture , rights group says He , like many other Libyans who are fearful that their revolution will be compromised , said he would not surrender his weapon until elections , set for June . El-Keib said he understood the impatience of Libyans in wanting to see the aims of the revolution implemented quickly . But he tempered his remarks with a good dose of caution . "  The revolution happened for freedom , the freedom of expression and peaceful protest and that is a guaranteed right for all citizens , " he said . "  But it is important that these demonstrations happen in a civilized manner and after all other means and efforts have been used . We are in a battle to rebuild and every day of work that is wasted is a delay and an obstacle to our march . " El-Keib said security and stability remained a priority for the National Transitional Council . Chief among the concerns is how best to rein in the former fighters with disparate loyalties and agendas . In the months since Gadhafi 's capture and death , Libya has been mired in fighting between rival militias and tribes . In Bani Walid this week , the powerful Warfallah tribe drove out pro-NTC forces , regaining control of the former Gadhafi stronghold . University of North Carolina political scientist Andrew Reynolds traveled to Libya last fall to advise the NTC . He said he had been optimistic about Libya 's prospects but is less so now , given what he perceived as the interim council 's decision-making inertia . "  The genie is out of the bottle and that means the armed groups are the dominant political players , " he said . "  The people making decisions are the ones with guns . " El-Keib said the government plans to integrate 75,000 former fighters into security services and other jobs and the rest would go through rehabilitation and vocational training . He also announced a monthly monetary allowance for the former rebels to sign up for training . Such rewards , Reynolds said , are imperative to bring under control a nation where doctors , lawyers and businessmen all picked up weapons to fight Gadhafi . "  A lot of the paramilitaries are civilians who became that , " Reynolds said . "  So it 's possible to reintegrate them but they need to be given an incentive . " In that climate , issues of national reconciliation and justice have become grave concerns for human rights monitors . Several detainees have died amid widespread torture and ill-treatment of suspected pro-Gadhafi fighters and loyalists , Amnesty International said Thursday . "  After all the promises to get detention centers under control , it is horrifying to find that there has been no progress to stop the use of torture , " said Donatella Rovera , Amnesty International 's senior crisis adviser in Libya . The monitoring group said the torture was carried out by "  officially recognized military and security entities as well by a multitude of armed militias operating outside any legal framework . " The Amnesty allegations came as the medical charity Doctors Without Borders said Thursday it was halting work in detention centers in Misrata because detainees are "  tortured and denied urgent medical care . " The agency , known by its French acronym MSF , said it has treated 115 people with torture-related wounds from interrogation sessions . The United Nations Security Council , meanwhile , heard about Libya 's woes this week from the global body 's top official in that country . U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said it was "  urgent that all detention centers are brought under the control of the Ministry of Justice and the General Prosecutor 's Office . " "  Moreover , a structure and process for judicial screening of detainees should be in place immediately , " she said . The top U.N. envoy in Libya told the council that the nation was going through a difficult transition . "  The former regime may have been toppled , but the harsh reality is that the Libyan people continue to have to live with its deep-rooted legacy ; weak , at times absent , state institutions , coupled with the long absence of political parties and civil society organizations , which render the country 's transition more difficult , " said Ian Martin , head of the U.N. Support Mission in Libya . Scholars who have been watching Libya for many years give the NTC an "  A " for effort but agree that Libya 's new leaders have a tough road ahead . "  They are in a terribly difficult situation , " Vandewalle said . "  They are starting from ground zero . "	A medical charity complained Thursday of torture in Libyan jails It was the latest evidence of the challenges in a post-Gadhafi era Libya 's interim rulers are crafting a nation from the ashes of tyranny "  They are starting from ground zero , " a scholar says
CNN  -- The Saudi lawyer who represented a gang rape victim had his disciplinary hearing for "  insulting the Supreme Judicial Council and disobeying the rules and regulations " of the judiciary postponed to an unspecified date , according to The Associated Press . Abdul Rahman al-Lahem : "  I believe I did n't do anything wrong . " His client is a teenage rape victim who was sentenced to 200 lashes and six months in prison for violating the kingdom 's strict Islamic law by being alone with an unrelated man before the rape . The attacks took place in Qatif in March 2006 when the woman was 18 and engaged to be married . Her seven rapists were sentenced to between two to nine years in prison . Before the reported postponement Wednesday , Abdul Rahman al-Lahem said the rape case had elicited a fierce response , including calls for his beheading . "  These opinions do n't scare me , but they make me feel a disappointment that there are people who think this way . "  I wish that those who oppose me could engage in a direct dialogue instead of calling for violence . Unfortunately , they are still stuck in a culture of closed-mindedness . " Ahead of the postponement Al-Lahem , who has two daughters , predicted he would have his revoked license to practice law reinstated and said he would represent the Saudi woman again . The hearing has the power to disbar him . "  I believe in the system and the law , and I believe I did n't do anything wrong , " Abdul Rahman al-Lahem told CNN in a telephone interview from Riyadh on Tuesday . The Saudi judge who revoked al-Lahem 's license last month did so to punish him for speaking to the media about his client , al-Lahem said . Under Saudi law , women are subject to numerous restrictions , including a strict dress code , a prohibition against driving and a requirement that they get a man 's permission to travel or have surgery . In challenging his possible suspension and disbarment , the 36-year-old attorney said he has received threats on his life from the religious right . But the foreign minister 's call for a review of the case -- joined by "  many voices " of al-Lahem 's generation , as he put it -- have been encouraging , he added . "  Young people in all fields are asking for reform , in the judicial system , media and elsewhere , " he said . "  I belong to a new generation of lawyers who know the law and know how to challenge judges about the law . " He said his opponents ' influence is on the wane . "  They believe that any criticism of the judiciary system is a direct criticism of the Islamic Sharia law , and they consider that any criticism is a criticism of religion itself , " he said . Al-Lahem singled out the chief judge in the Qatif Court 's panel of three judges who revoked his license as being among those who fail to grasp that the world is changing . "  He 's used to lawyers who accept everything he says without questioning . I told him ` You misunderstood the law , your honor ' and he could n't take that . " Al-Lahem said that , from the early 1990s until a few years ago , he was a religious fanatic . But he said he rejected extremism during law school and joined with the reformists , accepting human rights cases on a pro bono basis in addition to the commercial work that pays his bills . The rape victim 's husband , who has been outspoken in her defense , moved al-Lahem to accept her case , he said . "  I would be disgraced if I sit back and do n't support these people who need me , " he said . Al-Lahem described the woman 's case as unusual only in the attention it has garnered , attention he welcomes . "  One such case is better than thousands of speeches , lectures and theoretical articles , " he said . Such cases "  speak on behalf of the street and reached out to the ordinary people . This is my main reason for defending them . " Though traditionalist judges and conservative lawyers accuse him of harming the kingdom 's image by talking to the media , young people and reformists have offered their support , especially over the Internet , "  where people are free to express their views , " al-Lahem said . "  The world is now a small village , " he said . "  What is happening in a small room can be known within seconds to the whole world . " This is not the lawyer 's first challenge to Saudi ways . He also represented a professor accused of holding views that offended Islam . "  I defended him , and the king personally intervened " on his behalf , al-Lahem said . In another case , he sued the religious police , also known as the Committee for the Propagation of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice , after they kidnapped a woman and beat her , "  and then we proved that she was innocent . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Octavia Nasr contributed to this story . Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Saudi rape victim 's lawyer says case has elicited calls for his beheading NEW : Abdul Rahman al-Lahem has had his disciplinary hearing postponed Al-Lahem : "  I belong to a new generation of lawyers " Lawyer singles out chief judge , says he fails to grasp world is changing
CNN  -- The Hindu holiday of Diwali is India 's biggest and brightest national holiday . But Indians around the world come together to celebrate the festival of lights . The five-day celebration of good over evil is as important to Hindus as Christmas is to Christians , and it marks the start of a new financial year for Indian businesses worldwide . But how much do you know about this global holiday , which began Thursday ? Here are some facts and stats to help you improve your Diwali literacy . 1 . Diwali or Deepavali means rows of lights or lamps Diwali is known as the festival of lights because of the oil lamps and electric lights that people use to decorate homes , businesses and public spaces . As a celebration of the victory of good over evil and light over darkness , light is an important physical and spiritual symbol of the holiday . 2 . The name for a Hindu place of worship is "  mandir " Christianity has churches , Judaism has synagogues , Islam has mosques and Hinduism has mandirs . On Diwali , Indians living abroad gather in mandirs for community celebrations . People leave offerings of food at the altars of different gods and gather for communal meals . Some mandirs host fireworks displays . 3 . Followers of various religions observe customs related to Diwali For many Indians , Diwali honors Lakshmi , the Hindu goddess of wealth . They light their homes and open their doors and windows to welcome her . In addition to Hindus , Jains , Buddhists and Sikhs also celebrate Diwali in such countries as Nepal , Bangladesh , Malaysia and Singapore . Legends and customs accompanying Diwali celebrations vary among religions and regions . 4 . People spend a lot of time getting ready Families spend days cleaning and decorate their homes in preparation for Diwali . They also shop for new clothes and outfits to wear to celebrations . Unsurprisingly , there are a lot of ways to go about this , from arts and crafts to makeup tricks to help you "  shimmer , shine and sparkle . " 5 . Diwali is a big celebration in England , too This year , about 30,000 people attended a "  switch-on " of more than 6,000 lamps in Leicester to mark the start of Diwali . Indians are the second-largest minority in Britain , according to IBT . 6 . An episode of "  The Office " was dedicated to Diwali In one of few depictions of the holiday in American pop culture , bumbling Dunder Mifflin boss Michael Scott encourages his staff to support Kelly Kapoor by attending a local Diwali celebration . Cringe-worthy moments ensue .	Diwali , also known as the festival of lights , began Thursday The five-day holiday celebrates the triumph of good over evil People worldwide celebrate Diwali with colorful displays of lights and fireworks
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The company name flashed and swirled around the darkened convention hall as the music began to pump . Before squeezing into Body Magic , a before-and-after volunteer is measured by Monica Bennett . "  Money money money money , money ! Money money money money , money ! " A man dressed in designer duds strutted across the stage to the tune of The O'Jays ' 1970s hit , now the theme song for "  The Apprentice . " "  If you want to get paid , you 've got to get up on your feet , " he called out . "  They say money does n't grow on trees . Well , I 've got a money tree in my backyard , and Ardyss planted it there ! " With that the faithful rose and hollered , the applause crescendoed , and the smiles - and dreams - spread wide . See how the sales pitch works " Few issues pique public interest more than opportunities to make money and achieve beauty . The estimated 3,000 people from around the country who streamed into the Georgia World Congress Center in Atlanta in early August were a testament to that . They came to rally around Ardyss International , a Las Vegas , Nevada-based direct sales company that makes a fortune off undergarments . Body Magic , the company 's flagship girdle-and-corset combo , which retails for $ 140 plus tax and shipping , can "  bring your butt back to high school fine , " the man on stage announced . You can wear it and get thin , the claims go , or you can sell it and get rich . The company 's other products include the Angel Bra , Panty Reshaper , undergarments for men , nutritional supplements and skin-care items . Think Mary Kay cosmetics . That 's the kind of multilevel or network marketing model on which Ardyss is based . Distributors can make money through sales . But they can make even more from profit cuts and bonuses that float to the top if they recruit other distributors , who in turn recruit other distributors , and so on and so on . "  I 've only been involved for two months , and I have a check with a comma in it , " said Robbyn Washington of Snellville , Georgia . While many such companies are legitimate , others smack of pyramid schemes , prompting legal disputes and investigations by consumer protection agencies such as the Federal Trade Commission . The FTC has no complaints about Ardyss International on file . But the Better Business Bureau , with which Ardyss is not accredited , has given the company an F rating , saying 16 complaints over the past 36 months have gone unanswered . An Ardyss executive and spokesman , Mike Potillo , told CNN the company was n't aware of these complaints and would be in touch with the BBB to clear this up . As is the case with all multilevel marketing ventures , no matter what they 're selling , experts say consumers and prospective distributors should proceed with caution . ` Say whatever you want ' The Body Magic motto is emblazoned on T-shirts , pins and bumper stickers : "  Drop 3 sizes in 10 minutes . " Proponents say it can create hourglass curves , shaving off inches and weight permanently . "  Every eight seconds a woman looks in the mirror and wants to be smaller , " said Dorothy Cook , who 's often credited for making the business , founded in Mexico , a multilevel marketing hit in the United States . "  Once you wear it and take it off , you lose inches . Every woman must have one . " Sonja King , 38 , did not attend the convention but said she 's worn her Body Magic about four days a week for the past two months . The Atlanta-area woman said she has seen results but wonders whether it 's because she can barely eat when she wears it . "  It 's not comfortable , " she said with a laugh . "  But I had to go to a formal affair recently , and that Body Magic came in handy . I was slammin ' in that dress ! " Beyond looking good , distributors raved about improved posture , a claim that left chiropractor Robert Hayden uneasy . The Griffin , Georgia , man , who had n't examined the garment , said he 's seen the atrophied muscles of those who 've relied too much on simple lumbar support belts . "  The muscles that hold you erect will have no need to work , " if worn with regularity , he said . "  They 'll go to mush . " More striking , however , were the medical claims distributors made about Ardyss garments and Le ' Vive , the company 's top-selling nutritional product . They ascribed restored bladder control and diverted surgeries to Body Magic . One distributor lifted her blouse to reveal not only the über-girdle but also her Angel Bra , which she said can protect a woman from breast cancer . Many thanked Body Magic for putting their organs "  back in place . " The stories passed around of those saved by Le ' Vive , a drink said to be rich in antioxidants , included tales about warding off diabetes and arthritis . But distributors also said a woman was cured of Bell 's palsy . Another , they said , had Lupus , was given six months to live and is now in remission . And then there was the unnamed blind man who distributors claimed began to see . "  Someone said that to you ? " asked an audibly stunned Potillo , the Ardyss executive who oversees the American market . In a written response sent later , Potillo said the company "  makes no health claims , medical claims or any type of claims on any of our products in any way . ... If someone has made a claim on one of our products , we have internal policies and procedures in place to deal with that . " The issue of distributors saying what they should n't is one of the biggest challenges in multilevel or network marketing operations , said Peter Mingils , president of the Distributor Rights Association , a Texas-based nonprofit that works on behalf of multilevel marketers . "  Even though you 're an independent contractor , it does n't mean you can say whatever you want , " he said . It 's this enthusiasm , however , that drives the company 's success , said Clark Howard , the HLN money expert . "  If people really believe in it themselves , and they go out and convince others , then that is in itself a legitimate multilevel " marketing business , he said . "  If people are making false promises about a product or service , then that comes out in the wash . " The hope , the dream Antonio Díaz de León , the Ardyss founder and president , walked into the convention center where he and his family were treated like rock stars , eliciting gasps as cell phone cameras came out . In the past six months the business has grown by 600 percent and 100,000 active distributors , Díaz de León , a native of Mexico , said through a translator . "  We 've changed many lives , " he said . "  Families are getting financial freedom . " In times of recession , interest in these kinds of business opportunities spikes , Howard , the HLN money expert , said . "  It does n't matter what the product is , what the service is , you always have the same thing : People talking about the hope , the dream and the money , " he said . Dorothy Cook , draped in jewelry , would n't say how much she earns . At last count , though , she claimed she had nearly 80,000 distributors in her downline . Another "  platinum president , " the highest level that can be achieved in this business where everyone has a title , said thanks to her downline of 15,000 distributors , she is bringing home more than $ 55,000 a month . One can only only assume Cook , nicknamed "  The Godmother , " makes more . "  All you have to do is get here , and God will do the rest , " she told a group at the convention . But Potillo , of Ardyss , which includes about 140,000 active distributors , said it 's not that easy and called Cook 's earnings "  an extraordinary experience , not the norm . " Tempered with reality To become a distributor , people are encouraged to buy a starter kit for $ 299 . "  If you have to borrow the money , do what it takes , " Donna Bingham told a group that gathered recently in an Alpharetta , Georgia , home . "  The only way -LSB- the business -RSB- does n't work is if you do n't work . " That line of encouragement made law professor Stephen Calkins wary . "  Anytime you 're asked to part with hard-earned money in order to ask other people to part with hard-earned money , you should be very nervous , " said Calkins of Wayne State University in Detroit , Michigan . He served for several years as the general counsel for the FTC during the Clinton Administration . Calkins suggested any prospective multilevel distributor consult tip sheets to analyze the credibility of a company first . The FTC has a consumer alert , as does the Direct Selling Association . Excitement about these opportunities needs to be tempered with reality , Howard said . While the "  pep rally " may make people think they 're all in line to make $ 20,000 a month , he said that 's not how these businesses play out . "  There will always be a small number of people who hit grand slam homeruns virtually every day . But most everybody else will make little or nothing , and usually many will actually lose , " he said . "  Do n't believe it 's paved in gold . There are a lot of speed bumps and a lot of dead ends . "	Company behind Body Magic booms amid claims of big money , smaller waistlines Multilevel marketing businesses draw interest and spur hope during recession Staying cautious and realistic is important for prospective distributors HLN money expert Clark Howard : "  Do n't believe it 's paved in gold "
Detroit , Michigan  CNN  -- Six men appeared in federal court Thursday , a day after they were arrested in raids targeting an African-American Muslim group that the FBI said sought to establish an Islamic state in the United States . Luqman Ameen Abdullah , the alleged leader of the African-American Muslim converts , was fatally shot during one of Wednesday 's raids in the Detroit area after he fired at law enforcement agents who were trying to arrest him and four other suspects . An FBI dog was also killed . Authorities say Abdullah was the imam at a Detroit mosque where he preached offensive jihad , including violence against the U.S. government and law enforcement . A criminal complaint states that he repeatedly told three confidential informants he would never be taken alive , saying "  If they 're coming to get me , I 'll just strap a bomb on and blow up everybody . " Abdullah was one of 11 men charged Tuesday with conspiracy to commit federal crimes , including theft from interstate shipments , mail fraud to obtain the proceeds of arson , illegal possession and sale of firearms , and tampering with motor vehicle identification numbers , the FBI said in a news release . Eight suspects were in custody , including one man already in prison on an unrelated charge and another man who was arrested on Wednesday and added to the charging sheet , U.S. Attorney spokeswoman Susan Plochinski said Thursday . An additional suspect was taken into custody in Canada on Thursday , an FBI statement said . Two men remain at large . Mujahid Carswell , aka Mujahid Abdullah , was taken into custody in Windsor , Ontario , Canada , by Canadian authorities Thursday afternoon , the FBI said . According to the federal criminal complaint , Carswell , 30 , is the eldest son of Abdullah , who was killed in the raid Wednesday . Canadian Border Patrol is holding him on immigration violations , the FBI said . Of the six suspects who appeared Thursday afternoon in court , Abdullah Beard was ordered held without bail ; and Muhammad Abdul Salaam 's bail decision was delayed , as was that for Gary Laverne Porter , a 38-year teacher who was arrested at an area school . Ali Abdul Raqib was given a $ 10,000 unsecured bond ; Abdul Saboor was given a $ 100,000 bond , despite a prosecution request that he be held without bond . Another man , Acie Pusha , who was arrested Wednesday , was described by the prosecutor as "  minimally involved " and given a $ 10,000 bond . The FBI criminal complaint says the group held target practice in a mosque basement , blowing holes in concrete walls . It includes references to possible attacks on the government , including Detroit 's federal building and the FBI . There is also discussion about causing trouble at the 2006 Super Bowl in Detroit . But the men were not arrested for any of that . Two law enforcement sources said the information about possible attacks was included in the charging document to add "  context for the crimes they 're charged with , the purpose of the group . " "  They had to earn money for their mosque and the Ummah , " one of the sources said . "  And the purpose of Ummah was to set up a separatist state . " Ummah refers to the nationwide group to which the suspects belonged , according to the complaint . It 's a group made up of mostly African-American members , including some who converted to Islam while in prison . Ummah is led by Jamil Abdullah al-Amin -- formerly known as H. Rap Brown -- a 1960s radical and former member of the Black Panthers who once said "  violence was as American as cherry pie . " He is serving a life sentence in Colorado 's Supermax prison for killing two Georgia police officers . Andrew Arena , the FBI special agent in charge of the investigation , contacted local imams and civil rights leaders in Detroit during Wednesday 's operation "  to bridge any gaps that could possible come over this , " FBI spokeswoman Sandra Berchtold said . "  He 'd rather they hear it from him , " she added . "  We have a good relationship with the community and we want to keep it that way . " In the 43-page criminal complaint filed Tuesday in U.S. District Court in the Eastern District of Michigan and unsealed Wednesday , authorities said the arrests were made based on information gleaned from confidential sources identified only as S-1 , S-2 and S-3 . "  S-1 heard Abdullah encourage his followers to ` pick up guns and do something ' rather than try to achieve their goals through peaceful means , " the complaint said . S-2 recorded a conversation on December 12 , 2007 , in which Abdullah said , "  I got some soldiers with me , so it 's not like I , I do n't have , you know , nothing . Brothers that I know would , you know , if I say ` Let 's go , we going to go and do something , ' they would do it , " the complaint said . S-3 said that , on March 21 , 2008 , Luqman Abdullah told him "  that the FBI is the enemy of Islam , " the complaint said . The other men charged were identified as : • Mohammad Abdul Bassir , aka Franklin D. Roosevelt Williams . He is serving a prison term at Ojibway Correctional Facility in Michigan 's Upper Peninsula . • Mujahid Carswell . • Mohammad Philistine . • Yassir Ali Khan . • Adam Hussain Ibraheem . Acie Pusha was arrested on Wednesday and added to the charging sheet , Plochinski said Thursday . She would not provide details about the charges against Pusha . The two charged but still at large are Philistine , also known as Mohammad Alsahi , a 33-year-old resident of Ontario ; and Khan , 30 , who is believed to be a resident of Ontario and Warren , Michigan . All of the defendants "  are members of a group that is alleged to have engaged in violent activity over a period of many years , and known to be armed , " the FBI said . The complaint was filed by the FBI 's counter-terrorism squad in the Eastern District of Michigan . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Carol Cratty and Ross Levitt contributed to this story .	NEW : Six appear in federal court Thursday , a day after they were arrested in raids Alleged group leader was fatally shot Wednesday after firing at law enforcement agents FBI says men were members of Ummah , led by former H. Rap Brown Law enforcement sources say Ummah seeks to set up Islamic state in U.S.
CNN  -- Yuvraj Singh held his nerve to steer India into the last four of the World Cup and end Australia 's 12-year reign as champions . Yuvraj struck a vital 57 not out to ensure co-hosts India reached their target of 261 with more than two overs to spare and book a semifinal clash with Asian rivals Pakistan . Earlier , captain Ricky Ponting had hit an imperious 104 and Brad Haddin a quickfire 53 as Australia reached a competitive total of 260-5 . But half centuries from Sachin Tendulkar and Gautam Gambhir edged India towards their target before Yuvraj and Suresh Raina propelled them over the line . After the game Yuvraj told Sky Sports : "  The pressure was something else . People say it 's just another game , but beating the three-time champions I feel is really special for me and our team . " Defeat came as a bitter blow to Ponting , who has had to field questions about his future both as player and captain throughout the tournament , but he later insisted he would n't be stepping down . "  We competed hard , there 's no doubt about that , " he said . "  We thought we were in with a chance at the half-way stage , and that we had a reasonable total . "  But we did n't bowl as well as we needed to , we needed more wickets from the middle order . It 's disappointing to be bowing out now . I wish India well for the rest of the tournament . " Australia made a quick start to their innings as Haddin and Shane Watson put on 40 but it was with Ponting 's arrival at the crease that the impetus began to grow . Despite a shaky start , Ponting soon punished some wayward Indian bowling to record his first century in 13 months , and despite Michael Clarke , Mike Hussey and Cameron White going cheaply David Hussey added a valuable 38 as Australia made 260-5 . India reached 44 in their reply before Virender Sehwag fell but Tendulkar  53  and Gambhir  50  continued the charge with a partnership of 70 before the batsman known as "  the little master " was dismissed by Shaun Tait . When Virat Kohli and Indian captain MS Dhoni were removed in quick succession , Australia could sense the game changing . But Yuvraj showed plenty of character to lead his side home , despite the calamitous run out of Gambhir . Raina added a vital 34 and when Yuvraj smashed the winning runs it sparked wild scenes of celebration in Ahmedabad . Meanwhile , England spinner Michael Yardy has flown home from the World Cup because he is suffering from depression . The 30-year-old , who took two wickets during his three games at the tournament , said on the England and Wales Cricket Board 's website : "  Leaving at this stage of the World Cup campaign was a very difficult decision to make . "  But I felt it was the only sensible option for me and I wanted to be honest about the reason behind that decision . " Hugh Morris , the managing director of England Cricket , said : "  I would like to offer my full support to Michael on behalf of everyone involved with the England team and the ECB . "  Michael has been an integral part of the England set-up in recent years and while he will be missed in the knock out stages of the World Cup , our priority now is to ensure that he returns home to his family and is able to spend time recovering with a strong support network around him . "	India defeat reigning Cricket World Cup champions Australia by five wickets Yuvraj Singh seals Indian victory as they book semifinal clash with Pakistan Ricky Ponting hits 104 but Australia 's 12-year reign as World champions is over England spinner Michael Yardy flies home from World Cup suffering from depression
CNN  -- On Mother 's Day , we celebrate the mothers in our lives because we know motherhood is the hardest job any woman will ever have . But some have it harder than others . Disasters can strike any place , any time . But , as Save the Children uncovered in its 15th annual State of the World 's Mothers report , released Tuesday , that devastation hurts some more than others : Women and children are at the greatest risk and are 14 times more likely to die in a disaster than men . I 've met many of these mothers . They were huddled in a shelter in the Philippines after Super Typhoon Haiyan , one of the largest cyclones ever to hit land , destroyed their homes and livelihoods . They were also my own friends and neighbors who lost homes , businesses and belongings when Superstorm Sandy devastated parts of the East Coast . When President Barack Obama visited the Philippines last month , the Tacloban community had yet to be rebuilt . Now there are devastated areas closer to home after storms across Oklahoma and Arkansas . The Save the Children report shows that children and mothers with the fewest resources often face the most daunting challenges during emergencies . In Sandy 's aftermath , it took weeks for relief efforts to reach hard-hit families living in some of New York City 's low-income areas , such as Far Rockaway , Queens . "  This community was nowhere on any maps for five weeks for services , and for resources , and for help , " said Aria Doe , executive director of the Action Center in Far Rockaway , of the struggle to get supplies and services to the many mothers , babies and children who were stranded without electricity , water , food , supplies or transportation . In the Philippines , Haiyan swept through the central part of the island nation , killing people and ruining housing , livelihoods and infrastructure across nine of the poorest regions . It damaged or destroyed more than 2,258 health facilities , including hundreds of village health stations , which provided primary health and childbirth services to people in smaller communities . At the time of the typhoon , in the region it hit , 250,000 women were pregnant and almost 70,000 were expected to deliver in early 2014 . The Save the Children team met Hazel Rapsing , 25 , a mother of two toddlers . She went into labor at the peak of the storm as her entire neighborhood evacuated . Her baby decided to come 10 days early . "  I was scared because the typhoon was getting really strong . I was wondering whether I would be able to give birth . How long would I be in labor ? " Rapsing said . "  I was worried about what kind of treatment my baby would get . It was a state of emergency and everyone was busy . I was praying to God to take care of me . " Despite the storm , an ambulance arrived and took Rapsing to a clinic , where she gave birth to a healthy baby boy named Ullicel . Rapsing 's home was leveled , so she and her family are staying with relatives until they are able to rebuild . While I can not begin to imagine how frightening it must have been to go into labor during one of the most powerful typhoons ever recorded , having to protect your newborn as you 're fleeing for your life can be just as terrifying . Abigail Matulac had given birth to a beautiful baby girl , Kazumi , only two weeks before Typhoon Haiyan hit the shores of Sicogon Island , where she lived in an isolated , low-income community with her husband and three small children . Like most families there , they did n't expect the storm to be as intense and waited too long to evacuate . Once they had no choice but to leave , Matulac wrapped her infant in thick cloth to keep her warm . The wind was so strong that they could n't even open the door of their house and had to climb out the window and then crawl up a mountain to find a safer place to shelter . "  I 've been bleeding for a while after I gave birth and was afraid that I would have a relapse from the stress , " she said . "  I was breast-feeding my baby during that entire time to help keep her calm and quiet . " The family was lucky to make it through the storm unscathed without needing medical services for the children , because about 82 % of the health facilities in the storm area were damaged . Because of that , about 1.1 million people , including 163,000 children under 5 , have inadequate health services . Whether in the United States or the Philippines , all mothers strive to ensure that their children are protected and healthy when a disaster strikes . What we need to do is strengthen community-based preparedness and early response . In areas of recurring crises , we need contingency planning and flexible funding -- and must engage women in the planning . We need social protection programs that meet the needs of the most vulnerable . And we need to invest more in reducing the risk of disasters . This includes more funding and greater integration of risk reduction into government and donor policies and programs . Fortunately , our evidence also shows that we can save and dramatically improve the lives of all mothers and children , even in the most challenging places to live , if we invest in the services they need , including education .	Carolyn Miles : Moms struggle , but especially those trying to save children in a disaster Save the Children has released its 15th annual State of the World 's Mothers report Miles : Report found women , children 14 times more likely to die in a disaster than men Miles : We need strong community preparedness and early response planning
CNN  -- Frustrated Australia captain Ricky Ponting was fined for arguing with the umpires as England took complete control of the fourth Ashes Test in Melbourne on Monday thanks to Jonathan Trott 's century . Ponting , who faces the prospect of becoming the first skipper from his country to loses three Ashes series since 1890 , was furious after having a video replay decision turned down . The 36-year-old called for a referral after England batsman Kevin Pietersen was ruled not to have edged a delivery from Ryan Harris to wicketkeeper Brad Haddin . Video replays and sound technology showed no contact with the bat , but Ponting nonetheless remonstrated with umpires Aleem Dar and Tony Hill . Will Australia 's one-day cricket reign end in 2011 ? Match referee Ranjan Madugalle subsequently fined Ponting 40 % of his match fee . He could have been banned for the final Test in Sydney , but received a lesser punishment . "  Ricky 's actions as captain of his country were unacceptable , " the Sri Lanka said in a statement . "  A captain is expected to set the example and not get involved in a prolonged discussion with the on-field umpires and question their decision . "  While pleading guilty to the charge , Ricky understood that the discussion went far too long . He apologized for his action and stated that he has nothing but respect for the umpires and his on-field actions were not intended to show disrespect to Aleem Dar or Tony Hill . " It was the latest setback for Ponting , who went into the match nursing a fractured finger which has hampered his fielding , and he failed again with the bat as Australia made just 98 in Sunday 's opening sessions . England in total command as Australia collapse at MCG England resumed on 157-0 but soon lost Alastair Cook as the left-hander added just two runs to his overnight 80 to become the first of Peter Siddle 's three victims . Siddle then dismissed captain Andrew Strauss for 69 , but Trott and Pietersen added 92 for the third wicket . Pietersen was on 49 when the controversy struck , but although he survived to make his 21st half-century in 70 Tests the South Africa-born player did not last much longer as Siddle trapped him leg before wicket for 51 with a low delivery . Trott also had some luck before reaching 50 , having apparently been run out from Ponting 's throw before video replays gave him the benefit of the doubt . Australia level Ashes series with emphatic Perth win Mitchell Johnson continued his revival of form which saw Australia level the series at 1-1 with victory in the last match in Perth , as the left-arm paceman had Paul Collingwood  8  and the in-form Ian Bell  1  caught hooking at short deliveries . Johnson thought he had Matt Prior out as well when the batsman was on just six , but a replay called for by Dar showed that he had bowled a no-ball . Prior then helped Trott add an unbroken 158 for the sixth wicket as England reached stumps on 444-5 for a lead of 346 runs with three days still to play . Trott scored his third century in five Ashes appearances and his fifth in 17 Tests overall as he ended the day on 141 , having hit 12 fours off 278 balls faced . Prior , like Trott also born in South Africa , took toll on the Australian bowlers as he smashed 10 fours in his 75 from just 105 deliveries . Victory in Melbourne will mean that England retain the Ashes urn no matter the result in the Sydney finale starting on January 3 .	England lead Australia by 346 runs with five first-innings wickets remaining Australia captain Ricky Ponting fined after arguing with umpires over decision He faces the prospect of an embarrassing third Ashes series defeat as skipper Jonathan Trott ends second day unbeaten on 141 after adding 158 with Matt Prior
Condoleezza Rice , former US secretary of state announced on Facebook Saturday that she would not be speaking at the Rutgers University commencement this year , following student protests against her appearance . The students made accusations against her in connection with the war in Iraq . "  Commencement should be a time of joyous celebration for the graduates and their families , " Rice wrote . "  Rutgers ' invitation to me to speak has become a distraction for the university community at this very special time . " In an open letter to the president of the school , printed in the student paper The Daily Targum on April 30th , "  Rutgers Student Protestors " cited "  destruction " in Iraq "  at the hands of the Bush administration . " "  Rice signed off to give the CIA authority to conduct their torture tactics for gathering information from detainees as well , " the letter continues . "  These are clearly human rights issues . By inviting her to speak and awarding her an honorary degree , we are encouraging and perpetuating a world that justifies torture and debases humanity . " In 2009 , a Senate intelligence report said that Rice approved waterboarding in the questioning of a suspected al Qaeda leader . Rice was National Security Adviser at the time . In publicized minutes of the February New Brunswick Faculty Council Meeting , Robert Boikess presented and moved for adoption a Resolution in Opposition to Condoleezza Rice as Commencement Speaker . "  Everything started blowing up when faculty council released their opposition , " the editor in chief of The Daily Targum Alexandra R. Meier told CNN Saturday . In an article published Monday , Lin Lan , a staff writer for the school paper , called the 50 plus student sit in at the President 's office one of the largest sit ins in Rutgers history . Police , Lan wrote , were called to the scene after a glass door was shattered . In an article published in the school paper Friday , staff writers Lan and Lidia De Los Santos said nearly 100 students gathered at the student center during a senate meeting that day to question the university president . President Robert Barchi posted a statement Saturday on the school website in response to Rice . "  While Rutgers University stands fully behind the invitation to Dr. Rice to be our commencement speaker and receive an honorary degree , we respect her decision not to participate in the upcoming Rutgers University commencement , which she clearly articulated in her statement this morning . " Rice wrote Saturday "  I am honored to have served my country . I have defended America 's belief in free speech and the exchange of ideas . These values are essential to the health of our democracy . But that is not what is at issue here . As a Professor for thirty years at Stanford University and as its former Provost and Chief academic officer , I understand and embrace the purpose of the commencement ceremony and I am simply unwilling to detract from it in any way . " "  We did not see this coming at all " the Meier told CNN Saturday night . She said that the feeling on campus is not one of relief . "  From my personal social media people are upset that the protest led to her declining her invitation ... and I have seen a petition to get her back . "	Rutgers ' president ` stands fully behind the invitation ' but ` respects ' her decision Protesters allege the destruction in Iraq and ` torture tactics ' for gathering information Rice calls invitation ' a distraction for the university community at this very special time ' Some are upset by the protests and want Rice to come , student news editor says
CNN  -- A woman who said she had a mother-daughter relationship with slain model Jasmine Fiore told CNN 's Larry King on Thursday night that Fiore never informed her that she had been married . An arrest warrant has been issued for Ryan Alexander Jenkins , wanted in the death of ex-wife Jasmine Fiore . Gwendolyn Beauregard said Fiore was a close friend of her two sons , and she met the future model when Fiore was just 11 . Despite the close ties -- "  she called me mommy and she was my daughter " -- Beauregard was in the dark about Fiore 's marriage to Ryan Jenkins . The marriage reportedly was annulled a few weeks after their Las Vegas , Nevada , wedding . An arrest warrant for murder has been issued for Jenkins , a reality TV contestant . Authorities believe he 's fled to Canada . Fiore 's body was found Saturday , stuffed into a suitcase and left in a Dumpster in Buena Park , just outside Anaheim in Orange County , California . Interviewed from San Francisco , California , Beauregard told King all she knew about Jenkins was his initial meeting with Fiore . "  She did n't tell me that she married him . She told me -LSB- about -RSB- the day that they met , which was St. Patrick 's Day , " Beauregard said . "  She called me the day after and she said : ` Mommy , I met the most perfect guy in the world and -- and his name is Ryan . ' And she just went on and on and on about Ryan and how perfect he was . And that was all I knew . " Beauregard told King she 's never met Ryan Jenkins . Mike Fleeman , the West Coast editor of People.com , described more details of Fiore 's whirlwind courtship with Jenkins to King . "  They met in Las Vegas . Two days later -LSB- in March -RSB- , they got married at the Little White Wedding Chapel . That 's , of course , where Britney Spears got married , " Fleeman told King . "  It was a quickie wedding . We today talked to somebody who was at the wedding . One of the witnesses was an employee of the chapel . A lot of people were shocked that both of them were married . They kept it under wraps . And the marriage had a lot of problems almost from the very beginning , " Fleeman said . Fleeman told King that Jenkins was arrested and charged with domestic assault against Fiore in Nevada in June and that Jenkins was supposed to go to trial in December . Beauregard told King that Fiore , who was 28 when she died , started modeling in her early 20s . Despite their deep bond , Beauregard said Fiore had ties with her biological mother , Lisa Lepore . "  She was close to her mother , as well , but it was a different type of closeness . " Adding to the horror of the slaying was that Fiore 's teeth had been extracted and her fingers removed . Criminal profiler Pat Brown told Larry King that act provided key crucial evidence early in the investigation . "  It was very clear from the very beginning , when they found her body in a piece of luggage , that we were n't dealing with a serial killer . I knew it was somebody who knew her and -LSB- that her killer -RSB- wanted to make sure that she was not identified , " Brown said . "  This is why he -LSB- the suspect -LSB- ended up cutting off her fingers ... taking out her teeth . He even got smart . He watched too many crime shows and thought he would get rid of all ID , took away her clothes , put her in the luggage , probably because it 's one way to get her of an apartment . And throw it a Dumpster and hope that time will take care of it , she 'll decompose , they 'll never be able to identify her , " Brown said . Jenkins has appeared on VH1 shows "  Megan Wants a Millionaire " and "  I Love Money 3 . " "  This is a very arrogant man , " Brown said . "  Megan said it right on the show . She said he 's a manipulator . He is . He has evidence of psychopathy there . " The brutality of the crime has hit Fiore 's circle of friends hard . "  Ryan Jenkins is an animal , " said Robert Hasman , a family friend who said Fiore had been his girlfriend for 2 1/2 years . Watch Hasman speak out " "  What he has done to Jasmine is unspeakable . It 's just not right . " He described her as "  a beautiful person who was a very caring individual . " Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas said on "  Larry King Live " that Jenkins is the only suspect . "  There is no indication that anybody else might be involved , " he said . "  We believe he 's armed because there 's a handgun missing from his apartment , which is the last place he was before ... he fled . So it appears that he 's armed . And he 's certainly dangerous because he 's desperate , " Rackauckas said .	Gwendolyn Beauregard says she had mother-daughter relationship with slain model Beauregard says Jasmine Fiore kept her in dark about marriage to Ryan Jenkins Jenkins , Fiore got annulment ; he 's the suspect in her gruesome slaying Criminal profiler says slaying 's details showed this was not act of serial killer
Washington  CNN  -- House Speaker John Boehner says he and President Barack Obama have a "  pretty good relationship , " but he also criticized Obama for fomenting what Boehner called "  class warfare " in the political debate over spending , taxes and job creation . In an interview broadcast Sunday on ABC 's "  This Week " program , Boehner defended Republican opposition to efforts by Obama and Democrats to increase taxes on wealthy Americans as part of deficit reduction and job creation measures . "  Come on . The top 1 % paid 38 % of income taxes in America , " Boehner , R-Ohio , said in the interview taped Friday when asked about the persistent GOP stand against tax increases . "  How much more do you want them to pay ? " Obama has crafted a campaign theme of Republicans defending the wealthy against tax cuts as part of a narrative that Boehner said was intended to pit segments of society against each other . "  We are not going to engage in class warfare , " Boehner said , adding : "  The president 's clearly trying to do it , and it 's wrong . " Republicans generally want to cut government spending and debt by shrinking the size of government and therefore oppose raising taxes or adding new tax revenue . However , Boehner and some other Republicans advocate the possibility of increasing government revenue through a revised tax code that lowers rates but expands the number of taxpayers . Such a step would only be acceptable "  as long as our colleagues on the other side are serious about cutting spending , " Boehner said in the ABC interview . During negotiations with Obama this year on a possible comprehensive deficit reduction deal , Boehner reportedly agreed to as much as $ 800 billion in additional revenue as part of the package . The talks broke down over differences on the tax issue and entitlement cuts , and Boehner said in the interview that the specific trade-offs discussed then with Obama appeared out of reach now . "  I think it 's hard to put Humpty Dumpty back together again , " he said . When asked how much additional revenue Republicans could accept in a deal , Boehner responded : "  That 's the $ 64 million question . Nobody knows . " A special joint congressional committee created to work out a deficit reduction deal faces a November 23 deadline , with no breakthrough in sight . Boehner disagreed that the 12-member panel -- evenly divided between Republicans and Democrats from the House and Senate -- was at an impasse , but he emphasized the issues being tackled were hard -- too hard for he and Obama to resolve . "  Nobody  was  more upset that we could n't come to an agreement , the president and I , than I was , " Boehner said . As far as he and the president are concerned , "  it 's been a little frosty here the last couple of weeks , but we 've got a pretty good relationship . "	The House speaker says his relationship with the president is "  pretty good " Boehner is open to increasing tax revenue , as long as Democrats will cut spending Crafting a deficit reduction deal is hard work but not yet at an impasse , Boehner says
CNN  -- Joan Smalls was 19 years old when she left her family 's home in the countryside of northern Puerto Rico to pursue dreams of walking the runway . In just four busy years , she has risen from department store catalog model to the ranks of fashion 's most-sought-after models , walking for the likes of Jason Wu , Donna Karan and Tory Burch at New York 's 2012 Fall Fashion Week . Along the way , she has broken barriers by becoming the first Latina face of Estee Lauder 's global marketing campaigns in 2011 . She has done runway shows in New York , London , Milan , and Paris and graced the pages of British , French , Spanish and U.S. versions of Vogue several times over . "  Joan is a modern beauty with elegance , style and confidence , " said Aerin Lauder , former senior vice president , and current style and image director , of Estee Lauder . "  She is the perfect addition to Estee Lauder 's global faces . " Not bad for someone who used to wear combat boots to casting calls so she could make the trek from Queens to Manhattan . "  I had to take a bus to then take the subway to then go in the city , so I wanted to be as comfortable as possible , " she said . "  I think that had a lot to do with it , and especially at the beginning , having to go to 10 , 15 castings a day , you want to be as comfortable as possible . " Photos : Iconic fashion photographer captures intimate portraits She began wearing heels full-time when she switched agencies in 2009 and began working with IMG 's Kyle Hager . Within a year , she landed her breakthrough gig in high fashion as the exclusive model for Ricardo Tischi 's Givenchy 2010 Couture Show in January 2010 . "  When you want something so bad and when something great happens , I think it 's instinct that you say , this is gon na be the moment that 's gon na change everything . Everybody is gon na see me a different way , " she said . "  I thank Kyle every day because he made such a big difference in my career and in my life . " She 's come a long way before her 23rd birthday , and there 's more on the horizon : She 's the face of the spring/summer 2012 campaigns for Chanel , Lacoste and Calvin Klein Jeans , and work keeps coming in . Amid the glitz and glamour , she counts among her greatest achievements helping change perceptions of beauty in fashion and modeling . "  I just want to continue to break barriers and to show the industry and the world that beauty is diverse , and you do n't have to be a certain stereotype to be beautiful , " she said . "  When you look at the world , the world is n't just one palette . It 's a beautiful rainbow , and why not have someone to represent that rainbow ? "	Joan Smalls , 22 , has risen from catalog model to one of fashion 's most-sought-after beauties She 's walked for Jason Wu , Donna Karan and Tory Burch during New York Fashion Week She is the first Latina to sign on as the face of Estee Lauder 's global marketing campaign "  Beauty is diverse , and you do n't have to be a certain stereotype to be beautiful , " she says
In an overshadowed Election Day contest , Puerto Ricans voted in favor of statehood in a nonbinding referendum , marking the first time such an initiative garnered a majority . Puerto Ricans were asked about their desires in two parts . First , by a 54 % to 46 % margin , voters rejected their current status as a U.S. commonwealth . In a separate question , 61 % chose statehood as the alternative , compared with 33 % for the semi-autonomous "  sovereign free association " and 6 % for outright independence . While the results may be an indicator of what Puerto Ricans want , statehood will not be possible without congressional action in Washington , something that is not guaranteed . Read more : Puerto Rico : A forgotten front in America 's drug war ? An economic downturn and shrinking population were the factors that contributed to the support for statehood , where referendums in 1967 , 1993 and 1998 failed , Puerto Rico Secretary of State Kenneth McClintock said . "  I think people just came to realize that the current relationship simply does not create the number of jobs that we need , " he said . An exodus of residents from the island has culminated in a staggering statistic : Fifty-eight percent of Puerto Ricans live in the mainland United States , McClintock said . Opinion : Treat U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico fairly "  When you have a political status that scares away half of your population , it is time to reject that political status , " he said . But some analysts say the views on statehood have not changed , despite Tuesday 's results . The preference of many voters is to consider a report by the Obama administration that lays out several noncolonial options before choosing an alternative status , said Jorge Benitez , a political scientist at the University of Puerto Rico-Rio Piedras . This option , which is supported by the party that won the governorship , did not appear on the ballot . "  This is n't to say that support for statehood has n't increased ; it has , " Benitez said . "  But the only thing we can decipher with certainty from the vote is that the people of Puerto Rico want a change to the current status . "  It is n't clear what change we want , but we want change , " he said . The results of the referendum met with other criticisms , too . There were voters who prefer the current status but did n't agree with the way it was defined on the ballot , thereby inflating the number of votes against the status quo , said Luis Agrait , a history professor at the University of Puerto Rico . Secondly , a large number of ballots -- one-third of all votes cast -- were left blank on the question of preferred alternative status . If you assume those blank votes are anti-statehood votes , the true result for the statehood option would be less than 50 % , Agrait argues . Opinion : ` But what 's a Latino ? ' But McClintock accounts for the number of blank votes by explaining that those who voted to keep the current status would have left the question of alternatives blank . The referendum is nonbinding , but it compels lawmakers in Washington to act , he said . "  The people are withdrawing their consent to be governed the way they are governed , " McClintock said , citing the Declaration of Independence , which states that a government 's power comes from the consent of those governed . "  Congress will have to address this and will have to pay attention , " he said . The roughly 4 million residents of Puerto Rico are American citizens but ca n't vote for president . However , the almost 5 million Puerto Ricans living in the 50 U.S. states have full voting rights . Under its status as a commonwealth , Puerto Rico is subject to U.S. federal laws , though island residents are exempt from some federal taxes . Puerto Rico has a nonvoting representative in Congress . The territory played a role in presidential politics this year during the GOP primaries , when candidates Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum visited the island , seeking its delegates for the primary election . Santorum , a former Pennsylvania senator , created a small political firestorm when he said English should be the principal language in Puerto Rico before it could gain statehood . Romney said he would have "  no preconditions " on language for Puerto Rico to gain statehood , though during a CNN debate , he said English should be the United States ' official language . Last year , President Barack Obama made an official visit to Puerto Rico , the first such visit by a president in 50 years .	In a nonbinding referendum , Puerto Ricans voted on island 's status as a U.S. commonwealth A majority rejected the current status and favored statehood as an alternative It is the first time a majority of voters chose statehood But analysts find problems drawing conclusions from the vote
CNN  -- Fernando Torres rediscovered his scoring touch as Spain soared to the top of Euro 2012 Group C and knocked the Republic of Ireland out of the tournament . The much-maligned striker , who spurned several chances in Spain 's opening game against Italy , scored twice as the defending champions cruised to a 4-0 win in Gdansk . Strikes from David Silva and Cesc Fabregas helped to see off Giovanni Trapattoni 's Ireland , who become the first team eliminated from Euro 2012 . In Thursday 's other game in Group C , Croatia fought back to hold Italy to a 1-1 draw . The Italians dominated the first half and evergreen playmaker Andrea Pirlo put his side in front with an exquisite free-kick . But in-form striker Mario Mandzukic , who scored twice in Croatia 's first match , brought his tournament tally to three with an emphatic finish to earn a point . Spain 4-0 Ireland Fernando Torres bagged a much-needed double as Spain thrashed the Republic of Ireland and cemented their status as Euro 2012 favorites . After being frustrated by Italy in their opening game , Vicente Del Bosque 's world champions looked close to their best in a display that dazzled the Irish . Giovanni Trapattoni 's side struggled to create a meaningful chance in the whole match and they limp out of the tournament following two defeats . Spain outclassed their opponents from the first whistle and led after four minutes when Torres skipped away from Richard Dunne 's challenge and blasted high into the net . Goalkeeper Shay Given kept his side in it until halftime , making several saves as the Spanish controlled possession and created chances at will . But Ireland 's dreams were extinguished shortly after the break when Given could only parry Andres Iniesta 's strike straight to David Silva , who placed a remarkably cool finish past the keeper 's despairing dive . But the night belonged to Torres , who was restored to the starting lineup as Spain ditched the unusual 4-6-0 formation employed against Italy . The Chelsea striker notched his second of the evening when Ireland carelessly lost the ball in midfield and Silva sent him through to tuck a calm finish past Given . The rout was complete when substitute Fabregas took advantage of more ponderous Ireland defending to lash a ferocious angled drive in off the post . Croatia 1-1 Italy Mario Mandzukic 's third goal of Euro 2012 secured a precious point for Croatia as Italy let a lead slip for the second successive time in the tournament . The elegant Italians controlled much of the game and lead though a superb free-kick from Andrea Pirlo but they were thwarted by Mandzukic 's close-range strike 18 minutes from time . Cesare Prandelli 's side will now go into their final Group C game against Ireland in desperate need of a win , while Croatia will feel they are one step closer to surviving the so-called "  Group of Death . " Despite another impressive showing from Italy following their much-heralded draw with Spain , they were left to rue a lack of cutting edge in attack . Flamboyant striker Mario Balotelli kept his place up front and looked dangerous , but he failed to convert the several half-chances that came his way before being substituted on 68 minutes . Italy 's star performer was veteran midfielder Pirlo , who was at the heart of his side 's fluent passing game and gave them a deserved lead on 33 minutes . After Balotelli has been fouled 22 yards from goal , Pirlo stepped up to curl a wonderful free-kick over the wall , beating Croatia goalkeeper Stipe Pletikosa at his near post . The Italians looked in control but they had never previously beaten their Adriatic neighbors -- and the run continued thanks to Mandzukic 's late leveler . When defender Giorgio Chiellini misjudged Ivan Rakitic 's cross , Mandzukic took a brilliant touch and smashed the ball in off the post from six yards .	Fernando Torres scores twice in 4-0 victory for defending champions Spain David Silva and Cesc Fabregas also on target as Ireland are eliminated Mario Mandzukic secures a 1-1 for Croatia against Italy Italy took lead though Andrea Pirlo 's brilliant first-half free-kick
Jeb Bush is the clear Republican presidential frontrunner , surging to the front of the potential GOP pack following his announcement that he 's "  actively exploring " a bid , a new CNN/ORC poll found . He takes nearly one-quarter -- 23 % -- of Republicans surveyed in the new nationwide poll , putting him 10 points ahead of his closest competitor , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , who tallied 13 % . RELATED : Read the entire CNN/ORC poll here Physician Ben Carson comes in third , with 7 % support , and Sen. Rand Paul and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee are both tied for fourth with 6 % . That marks a drop in support for all but Christie and Bush from the last CNN/ORC survey of the field , conducted in November . That poll showed Bush in the lead , but only taking 14 % of the vote , while Carson came in second with 11 % and Christie tied Rep. Paul Ryan for fourth with 9 % support . Bush 's 10-point lead is a milestone for the potential GOP field -- it marks the first time any prospective candidate has reached a lead beyond a poll 's margin of error in the past two years . Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is still far and away the favorite to take the Democratic nomination for president if she runs , with the support of two-thirds of Democrats polled . Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren , a liberal favorite , comes in a distant second place with just 9 % . Bush would still face some skepticism from GOP primary voters if he ran , but the CNN/ORC poll shows they are largely willing to forgive him for some of his more controversial comments and positions . GOP primary voters are about evenly split on whether his support for allowing some illegal immigrants to stay in the United States makes them more or less likely to support him , or has no difference on their opinion of him . Forty-two percent say his description of illegal immigration as an "  act of love " make them less likely to support Bush , but another 39 % say it makes no difference to them . And while 40 % say the fact that state government spending increased under Bush 's watch as Florida governor , another 49 % say that does n't matter to them . Even on Common Core educational standards , which many conservatives vehemently oppose , GOP primary voters are about evenly split on whether his support for those standards would make them less likely to support him . Regardless , however , Bush may ultimately have little trouble overcoming his sins with the conservative base , as the CNN/ORC poll found Republican primary voters taking a pragmatic stance on the party 's nominee . Sixty-nine percent say they want a nominee that can beat the Democratic candidate for president , even if that person does n't agree with them on every issue , while only 29 percent of GOP primary voters are purists . And that makes Bush the candidate to beat in a GOP primary . Out of all of the seven head-to-head GOP match-ups with Clinton tested , Bush fares the best , trailing her by just 13 points . She takes 54 % support to his 41 % support . The survey was conducted by live interview among 1,011 adults nationwide from Dec. 18-21 , with a subsample of 453 Republicans and 469 Democrats , via landline and cell phone . The overall sample has a margin of error of plus or minus three percentage points .	Jeb Bush leads the GOP field by 10 points , with 23 % support It 's the first time any candidate has taken a statistically-significant lead over the GOP field He 's also the strongest GOP candidate in a match-up against Hillary Clinton
OLD FORGE , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- My best friend from childhood is Italian-American . Very Italian-American . So when Mary Immaculata Ferrario Rinaldi invites me to visit the Pizza Capital of the World , I do n't ask questions . She knows pizza . Arrive early or make reservations to sample Old Forge 's pizza . We head out of Scranton , Pennsylvania , toward Old Forge , population approximately 10,000 . In about 10 minutes we 're driving down Main Street . I start counting the pizza cafés , as they call them here : Rinaldi 's , Brutico 's , Arcaro & Genell 's , Anthony 's , Ghigiarelli 's -- 11 on this street alone . Within just a few blocks , there are at least nine more . Even the florist on Main Street is called "  Pizzazz . " Mary said we would need reservations , and she 's right . It 's 4:30 p.m. and Revello 's is packed . The place attracts locals and celebrities . Hillary Clinton was here a couple of weeks ago . Just for fun we ask if we can sit in the booth where she sat . "  No problem , honey , " the waitress , Dorothy , says . Now , if you are thinking regular pizza , forget it . This is Old Forge pizza and all the cafés here make it . It 's not round , it 's rectangular and it 's "  red " or "  white . " Red is made with tomato sauce and cheese ; white is cheese only , double crust , with olive oil and rosemary sprinkled on top , although they recently introduced a new version with broccoli . Old Forge also is famous for "  black " pizza , my favorite . No tomato sauce . Just cheese , black pepper , olives and anchovies . While Dorothy is getting our sodas , I meet Pat Revello . He 's the co-owner with his mother , Delores . His parents bought the café 41 years ago . I ask him if they have the best pizza in town . Bad question . No one here in town claims to be the best . There 's very little competition . After all , Old Forge , Pat says , is a place "  where everyone knows your name . " "  Well , it 's really a matter of taste , " he tells me . The pizza café owners in Old Forge are a loyal bunch . Most of their families originally came from the same town in Italy -- Felitto , near Naples . The owners advertise together . They named their town the "  Pizza Capital of the World . " No one is "  best , " they say . They 're all "  the best . " So , what make the best pizza in the world ? Pat takes me back to the kitchen . Andy Sopp , who has worked here for 40 years , is sprinkling grated cheese on a "  red " pizza . Next to him is a stack of pizza crusts . He 's the brother of the owner . Of the café 's 25 employees , three-quarters of them are related . I ask Andy for the secret of great pizza . "  It 's the cheese blend , " he says . "  So what kind do you use ? " I ask . "  We make our own , " he says , "  We have to keep our secrets . " Pat tells me they use only fresh ingredients and grind their own California tomatoes . They still use the original cheese grater from 40 years ago . Local legend has it that Old Forge pizza began 88 years ago with grandmother Ghigiarelli , whose family restaurant , Ghigiarelli 's , still stands on Main Street . Mrs. Ghigiarelli lived below a gentlemen 's club where the clients played cards . They asked her for something to eat . She grabbed a rectangular baking pan and baked a pizza on the old coal stove . The rest is history . Today , some Old Forge cafés ship their pizza across the country and around the world . It 's 5:30 p.m. and the line of customers at Revello 's is out the front door . At the back door there 's a crowd waiting for takeout . Pat tells me his first worker gets in at 5 a.m. to make the dough . "  Once the dough starts rising , the people come in , " he says . Waitress Dorothy comes by to freshen up our drinks . She 's on the run , trying to keep the customers happy . "  I wish I had another hand instead of a mouth , " she says . E-mail to a friend	Old Forge , Pennsylvania , calls itself the Pizza Capital of the World Most of the pizza café owners ' relatives came from Felitto , Italy The pizza is rectangular with a thick crust
Washington  CNN  -- The federal government said Monday it is proceeding with a plan to require gun dealers in four Southwest border states -- California , Arizona , New Mexico and Texas -- to report the sales of high-power rifles under certain conditions in an effort to stem the flow of guns to Mexican drug cartels . Critics immediately called the move an illegal expansion of gun-control laws and an effort to divert attention from the "  Operation Fast and Furious " gun controversy . And the National Rifle Association said it will file suit to stop the move . Under the new policy , gun dealers in the four border states will have the same reporting requirements for certain long guns that gun dealers nationwide currently have for hand guns . They will be required to give purchaser information to the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives  ATF  if someone purchases two or more semi-automatic rifles in a five-day period , but only if the guns are greater than .22 caliber and have the ability to accept a detachable magazine . If no investigative leads result from the information , the information will be purged in two years . Deputy Attorney General James Cole said in a statement the new rule is tailored to focus on guns that "  are highly sought after " by criminal organizations near the border . The rule , he said , "  will improve the ability of the  ATF  to detect and disrupt the illegal weapons transfers " from gun buyers in the U.S. to drug traffickers in Mexico and along the border . Rep. Elijah Cummings , D-Maryland , praised the action , saying ATF agents testified to Congress recently they needed the ability to track weapons to disrupt the cartels . Brady Campaign Acting President Dennis Henigan urged President Barack Obama "  to do all in his power to protect this valuable new initiative from the gun lobby 's inevitable efforts to attack it in Congress and the courts . " He also called for stricter laws to prevent trafficking in the first place . But critics called the action a "  diversionary tactic " to take attention away from Congress 's ongoing investigation into the "  Fast and Furious " program , in which the ATF allowed people suspected of being straw-purchasers of weapons to sell their weapons , hoping to build bigger cases against Mexican criminal organizations . "  This political maneuver seems designed to protect the careers of political appointees at the Justice Department and not public safety , " Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , said in a statement . The National Rifle Association agreed . "  This  Fast and Furious  has become a full-blown scandal , and I think they 're trying to change the subject from Fast and Furious to something else , " said NRA Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre . LaPierre said the action defies the clear intent of Congress regarding the reporting of gun sales . "  What you 've got here is the Obama administration stepping into the shoes of Congress and essentially legislating , " LaPierre said . "  We are immediately filing lawsuit in federal courts . " LaPierre said the NRA would file suit as soon as the ATF delivers the first "  demand letter " requiring a licensee to report the sale of a long gun . LaPierre said the new rule is "  an attempt to inch President Obama 's  anti-gun  agenda down the road . Once they get into four states , they 'll expand it to Tennessee , Rhode Island , Wyoming . I think it 's a nose in the tent , " he said . The long-gun reporting proposal pre-dates disclosures about the "  Fast and Furious " controversy . The ATF first published the proposal in the Federal Register , seeking public comment , on Dec. 17 , 2010 , and published a second notice on April 29 , 2011 , requesting public comments for 30 days . But critics said the administration moved forward with the proposal to re-frame the "  Fast and Furious " debate . Rep. Cummings , meanwhile , said he plans to introduce legislation with Rep. Carolyn Maloney , D-New York , to establish a dedicated firearms trafficking statute "  to provide law enforcement with an additional tool to combat gun traffickers . " Cummings issued a report last month that recommended ATF collect reports of multiple long gun sales .	The policy applies to gun dealers in California , Arizona , New Mexico and Texas Gun dealers must report sales of high-power rifles under certain conditions Authorities say it 's an effort to stem the flow of guns to Mexican drug cartels Critics say it 's an illegal expansion of gun-control laws ; the NRA says it will sue
CNN  -- The U.S. intelligence community has found no evidence to suggest North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is dead , a senior U.S. official said Friday following posts on China 's version of Twitter that claimed Kim had been assassinated while in Beijing . U.S. intelligence officials have been looking into such rumors for more than a week , according to the official , who has direct knowledge of the latest U.S. analysis . "  With that society you can never be 100 % sure , but we just do n't see any evidence of it , " the official told CNN . "  It 's a closed society , but at this point we do not believe it 's true . " The preliminary analysis of the rumor suggests it is part of a "  calculated effort to disrupt the economy of South Korea at a fragile time by suggesting things are going haywire up north , " the official said . Meanwhile , the official added , "  there is no evidence of movement of North Korean forces or activity that you would associate with the turmoil of a calculated assassination . " Kim , who is believed to be in his late 20s , assumed the title of "  supreme leader " after his father Kim Jong Il 's death in December at the age of 69 . Kim Jong Il had ruled the reclusive nation since 1994 . The official pointed out that even during the recent peaceful transition of power , there were signs of troops being put on a higher state of alert . Neither Chinese state media nor South Korea 's Yonhap news agency addressed the rumor in their reporting .	Posts on China 's version of Twitter claim Kim Jong Un was assassinated A senior U.S. official says intelligence shows no evidence the rumor is true Kim Jong Un assumed leadership of the country following his father 's death in December
CNN  -- A rare brain-eating amoeba that killed a 4-year-old boy in Louisiana may be a result of Hurricane Katrina . Tests of St. Bernard Parish water supply confirmed the presence of Naegleria fowleri . The water is safe to drink , state officials said , but cautioned against getting it in the nose . Naegleria fowleri is found in hot springs and warm fresh water , most often in the southeastern United States . It enters the body through the nose and travels to the brain . Katrina the culprit ? Experts say Hurricane Katrina , which hit the state in August 2005 , may ultimately be to blame . St. Bernard Parish -- where the visiting boy from Mississippi was infected while playing on a water slide -- was one of the main areas affected by the hurricane . The reduced population following the hurricane left most of the water stagnant , which affected its makeup . "  One of the concerns is that it was such a drastic population drop after Katrina and the water aged ... just by sitting in the pipes and also a drop in lower demand , " said Jake Causey , chief engineer for the state 's health and hospitals . "  The more quickly it is used up  the water  , the more the water system is able to process a good chlorine system . " If the water is not used , he said , the chlorine dissipates while organisms thrive . "  We are actively increasing the chlorine level in the parish water system combined with flushing the water system , " he said . No danger in drinking , cooking There is no danger of infection from drinking or cooking with contaminated water , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Infected patients are diagnosed with primary amoebic meningoencephalitis . Naegleria fowleri associated with disinfected public drinking water has caused deaths in only one other case in the United States , according to the CDC . The water came from an untreated drinking water system in Arizona ; two children died there in 2003 . Flushing water lines Parishes along the Gulf Coast began flushing water lines with chlorine last week . The Mississippi boy contracted amoebic meningoencephalitis and died last month . Tests at the home where he was playing found the Naegleria fowleri amoeba . Officials said less than 1 % of patients survive the deadly brain infection , but an experimental drug from the CDC has shown promise in fighting it . Kali Hardig , a 12-year-old in Arkansas , survived after contracting the amoeba in July , possibly at a Little Rock water park . The first symptoms of primary amoebic meningoencephalitis appear one to seven days after infection , including headache and fever . For more safety tips , visit CDC.gov . CNN 's Jacque Wilson and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Reduced population following the hurricane left most of the water sitting Chlorine levels in the unused water plummeted , allowing organisms to thrive Louisiana officials say water is safe to drink , but keep it away from the nose
CNN  -- Opposition protests are expected to take place in Tunisia on Tuesday following the interim prime minister 's decision not to dissolve the government . Ali Larayedh on Saturday met with political party heads and leaders of the military and professional organizations . Also in attendance were representatives from several labor unions , according to TAP , Tunisia 's state news agency . The meeting "  aimed to deepen dialogue around the security situation in light of the terrorist operations that hit Tunisia recently , " according to TAP . Two opposition groups called for Tunisian citizens to "  participate massively " in a Tuesday rally in Bardo . The rally will mark the six-month anniversary of the assassination of popular opposition leader Chokri Belaid . Belaid helped lead Tunisia 's Popular Front , a coalition of a leftist political parties . He opposed the Islamist-led Nahda party , which swept into power following the revolution that toppled longtime President Zine el Abidine Ben Ali in January 2011 . In recent weeks , eight Tunisian soldiers were killed in an ambush and an opposition leader was shot and killed outside his home , which set off protests . Turmoil has beset the North African country that had been seen as a poster child of stability after the 2011 Arab Spring uprisings .	Protests expected in Tunisia as interim prime minister refuses to dissolve government Ali Larayedh meets with military , political and professional organizations African nation has been beset by unrest in recent months
CNN  -- Former NFL star Lawrence Taylor , who pleaded guilty to sexual misconduct with a teenager last year , was sued by the victim in federal court in New York on Monday . The lawsuit "  may be the first civil lawsuit of its kind on behalf of a child victim of sex trafficking against a buyer of a commercial sex act with that child , " the victim 's attorney , Gloria Allred , said at a news conference . "  I feel as though -LSB- Taylor -RSB- should be accountable for his crimes and misconduct toward me " said Cristina Fierro , who was 16 when the episode occurred and who went unnamed during the criminal phase of Taylor 's case . Now 18 , she went public with her story earlier this year . In addition to seeking damages from Taylor , Fierro alleges in the lawsuit that Taylor assaulted and battered her . Allred did not offer details about the alleged assault , saying those would be revealed in the discovery phase of the lawsuit . Taylor was arrested at a Holiday Inn in New York in May 2010 after having "  improper sexual conduct involving an underage girl in a Rockland County hotel , " the district attorney 's office said at the time . Prosecutors said Taylor paid Fierro , who has repeatedly denied allegations that she was a prostitute , $ 300 for "  sexual acts . " The former Giants linebacker pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor charges stemming from the incident , one count of sexual misconduct and one count of patronizing a prostitute in the third degree . Taylor , who has said he was unaware that Fierro was underage when he had sex with her , was sentenced to six years ' probation in March and assessed a $ 2,000 fine . A month later , a judge designated him a Level 1 sex offender , a low-level classification . In a statement , Taylor 's lawyer chalked up the new lawsuit to a hunger for publicity . "  It 's a shame that , once again , Gloria Allred 's intoxication with media coverage for her cases has blurred her vision to uphold the highest level of ethical and moral standards to which attorneys are supposed to adhere , " Arthur Aidala said . At the news conference Monday , Fierro said she was dissatisfied with the plea deal Taylor struck with prosecutors last spring . "  I feel as though he should have gone to jail to think about what he has done to me , " she said . The lawsuit seeks "  compensatory and punitive damages " from Taylor , Allred said , but she declined to specify a dollar amount . A note in the lawsuit states that "  the matter in controversy exceeds the sum of $ 75,000 . " The suit does not seek damages from Rasheed Davis , who arranged the liaison between Taylor and Fierro and gave her a black eye when she initially refused to go along with it . In August , a federal judge sentenced Davis to seven years in prison for sex trafficking . When asked whether Fierro is suing Taylor rather than Davis because Taylor is a multimillionaire , Allred said the suit was filed against only Taylor "  because this is the person we have decided to sue , the buyer . " Fierro 's attorneys brought the suit under the Trafficking Victims Protection Act , or TVPA , which historically has been used to target pimps rather than johns , Allred said . Suing johns under the TVPA is highly unusual , but suing pimps under the law is uncommon as well , according to Bridgette Carr , the director of the Human Trafficking Clinic at the University of Michigan Law School . Going after Taylor in the lawsuit might deter would-be buyers of sex from minors from going through with the act , according to Allred . "  Suing the buyer can have an impact on the demand for commercial sex of children , " Allred said .	Cristina Fierro was 16 when the former NFL star was accused of sexual misconduct Now 18 , she went public with her story earlier this year She 's now accusing Taylor of assault and battery , seeking damages Taylor 's lawyer blames new legal action on lawyer 's "  intoxication with media coverage "
Lori Day , a mom , educational psychologist , parenting coach and new author , remembers that day about 15 years ago so well . She was reading something in The New York Times about how clothing manufacturers were marketing adult fashions directly to girls as young as her daughter , who was 7 at the time . Frustrated , she headed upstairs to her "  clunky old Dell desktop computer "  remember , it was 1999  and wrote her first letter to the editor . At about the same time that she says her eyes were opened to the sexualization of girls , she and her only child , Charlotte , passed by their local book shop . In the window was a display about mother-daughter book clubs . Pink , princess-y and sexy too soon Charlotte was immediately curious . "  We went in , and she really quickly said , ` Mommy , I want to do this . ' And ... all the light bulbs were going off for me . " Day and Charlotte , who was then 8 and in the third grade , went on to start their mother-daughter book club in 2000 with four other mothers and daughters . Their experiences and the ways mother-daughter book clubs can help empower girls are the focus of Day 's new book , "  Her Next Chapter : How Mother-Daughter Book Clubs Can Help Girls Navigate Malicious Media , Risky Relationships , Girl Gossip and So Much More . " For six years , from the third grade up until the girls finished middle school , Day , Charlotte and the other mothers and daughters would meet monthly and tackle issues that the girls might have felt uncomfortable discussing directly with their mothers and that their moms might not have known how to bring up with them . "  You get these wonderful moments where it 's almost like the girls forget their moms are there and they 're into the discussion , " Day said . She said that happened when they read a book that involved bullying . "  And the kids will be talking about the girl who was bullied , and then one of them will say , ` Well , that was me ' or ` This happened to my friend . ' They 'll start telling a story about something that happened at school , and the moms are sort of invisible in that moment , and that lets you see something that you might not otherwise ever see or hear from your child or someone else 's child . " Children 's Choice Book Awards : What your kids actually like to read Ironically , they dealt with bullying in their very own club . One of the girls was fat-shaming another girl in the club who was overweight , and these were kids who had known each other since kindergarten and who had been together since the third grade . "  My biggest regret honestly , and I talk about this in the book , is that we never explicitly discussed at the beginning of forming our club what we would do if it happens , because there was just this ... assumption that we had been friends for so long that we were somehow immune , but why did we think that ? "  Anyone 's child can be the bully ; anyone 's child can be bullied . " Day recommends that mothers who are planning to start a book club get together first to discuss issues such as how they 'll handle any conflicts , the goals of the club and the comfort level with the amount of sex and violence that might be included in books , especially as the girls enter middle school . At times , even in her own club , it was hard to come to agreement on books . She was the more liberal member of her club when it came to mature content , she says , because as someone who has worked in schools for 25 years , she knew that children are always more worldly than their parents think they are . Mean girls : How not to raise one "  So I wanted my daughter to share about things and learn about things first with me so that ... I could process those things with her and answer her questions . " Day believes mother-daughter book clubs may be even more important today than when she started one nearly 15 years ago . "  When I was raising Charlotte , we did n't have the Internet . We did n't have the cyberbullying . We did not have the digital media assault on girls in terms of body image and everything that we have right now . "  I have so many concerns about how adrift girls can be and how vulnerable they are to the messages they get from media about what their role is as females , and so I think having these clubs is just a way to sidestep some of that noise . " Helping girls navigate what they see and hear in the media was an enormous positive to their book club experience , Day said . So was getting to know her daughter , now a graduate student at the University of Rhode Island , in a unique way . The puberty ad you 'll want to show all girls and boys "  I had a different lens on her than I ever would have had without this experience of seeing her in a group with other girls and seeing her with other female role models besides me , " she said . "  It let us know the girls and the girls know us as human beings , just in a different way than mommies and daughters . " It was also a big benefit to learn from the other mothers : to see how they modeled things , how they talked to their girls and how they handled issues . "  I mean , we dealt with a lot of the usual things that come up in life such as going back to work , divorce , more children , things that happen in the life of a family , " she said . They also became each other 's support group . "  I think mothers can feel really isolated and intimidated . The parenting culture right now is very judgmental and confusing , all these different methods ... attachment parenting or this or that , and we were not about that stuff . ... We created our own support system for raising these girls . " To those who say "  what about mother-son or father-son book clubs , " Day says bring them on . She supports any opportunity for parents and their children to connect over books -- or movies and videos if the parents or children do n't have the interest or time to read . Middle school transition : Tough for teens and parents She wrote about mother-daughter book clubs , she says , because that was her experience but also because she does believe there are certain issues going on now in our culture that are particularly difficult for girls . "  Boys have issues too , and I have concerns about boys as well , but I think for girls , when you are talking about media and marketing , the sexualization , the stereotypes about girls , the dumbing down of stuff for girls is just so concerning to me , so I do n't feel I have anything to apologize for in pushing mother-daughter book clubs . " No , you do n't , as far as this reporter is concerned . And now , as my daughter enters the third grade , I 'm planning to send this story to her friends ' moms . Time for us to start a mother-daughter book club of our own ! 100 books to read in a lifetime Do you think mother-daughter book clubs are a good way to empower women ? Tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	A new book , "  Her Next Chapter , " explores the benefits of mother-daughter book clubs Author Lori Day started one in 2000 when her daughter was 8 She says the clubs can help girls deal with issues such as bullying and sexualization The book clubs also become a support system for other moms , she says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- They 've been called "  bromances " : those buddy films and TV shows , such as the movies "  Pineapple Express " and "  The 40-Year-Old Virgin , " that feature non-sexual but deep friendships between two or more males . Jason Segel and Paul Rudd star in "  I Love You , Man , " which opens Friday . The forthcoming "  I Love You , Man , " which opens Friday , appears to fit the bill . In the film , Paul Rudd plays a man who needs a best man for his wedding but has never made any male friends . Enter Jason Segel as Sydney Fife , whom Rudd 's character , Peter Klaven , pursues on several "  man-dates " that end up threatening his relationship with his fiancée  Rashida Jones  . But do n't call the film a "  bromance " in the presence of Rudd and Segel . "  We hate that word , " Segel told CNN . "  It was not part of the lexicon while we were filming , " added Rudd . Still , both actors have plenty of experience in the , uh , guy-pal genre . Rudd has been in several comedies written , directed or produced by Judd Apatow , considered one of the leaders of the "  bromance " trend with his softer , more openly emotional male characters . Segel has also been in Apatow projects -- including last year 's "  Forgetting Sarah Marshall " -- and he stars in the TV series "  How I Met Your Mother , " which finds plenty of humor in male bonding . Segel observes that what helps the films work is the discomfort of two men trying to talk about their emotions while hoping to maintain a dispassionate , hard-edged , prototypically manly façade . And he knows he 's good at bringing out that discomfort in his co-stars . "  Judd Apatow told me that my special skill was that I am able to maintain my likability while getting incredibly close to the creepy line , and that 's what I should try to cultivate , " he said . "  That 's what he does , " Rudd noted . "  He just holds -LSB- the moment -RSB- a little too long . " "  It 's the fraction of a second too long that makes people uncomfortable , " Segel added . In "  I Love You , Man , " Segel 's character is rougher and looser than his characters in "  Sarah Marshall " and "  How I Met Your Mother . " He welcomed the change . "  It was a real treat for me , to be honest for a minute , to play this character , because I 've played sort of a puppy dog guy in ` Forgetting Sarah Marshall , ' and on -LSB- ` Mother ' -RSB- I play a husband , you know , a loving husband , " he said . "  So to get to play a character who is a bit more of a man of mystery was very exciting for me . " In real life , claims Segel , he even has a man cave . "  It 's filled with puppets , " he said . "  And I keep wondering why I do n't have a girlfriend . I 'm like , ` hey , this is my house ; come check it out . This is where I keep my 40 puppets . ' ... I think that I have a reputation for being weird because of that . " But he quickly turns serious and maintains that "  I Love You , Man " does have a message to go along with its comedy . "  I think we both had something to learn from each other , " he said . "  Paul 's character had to learn that it 's all right to take a little distance from your significant other and have some dude friends and someone to vent to about things you ca n't necessarily talk about with your girl . " "  Sometimes buddies hold a mirror up to the way you behave in ways that relationships with the opposite sex do n't , " Rudd said . "  Yeah , and my character had to learn that maybe it 's time to grow up a little bit , " Segel added . So , this "  bromance " thing , allowing a few feelings to show . Perhaps it 's not so bad after all ? Rudd says that the idea has its upside , despite its name . And he 's glad it 's been successful . "  That 's us in a nutshell , not macho , not tough , " he said . "  I think that we 've all been kind of drawn to real stories , you know , characters that hopefully people can relate to and what 's funny about just certain insecurites and just certain things in life . "  They could easily be dramatic , " he pointed out . "  Just less fart jokes . "	"  I Love You , Man " stars Paul Rudd , Jason Segel as two men trying friendship Neither Rudd nor Segel likes the term "  bromance " Comedy makes some serious points about friendship , Segel says
Ugh . Three outbreaks of illness affecting more than 100 people each have been reported aboard two cruise liners -- two of them in back-to-back cruises of the same ship -- according to the nation 's leading health protection agency . The double dose of ill-fated cruises struck the Royal Caribbean 's Grandeur of the Seas , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Friday . During the ship 's April 5 to April 12 cruise , 105 of the nearly 3,000 passengers and crew were affected -- primarily with vomiting and diarrhea , the disease agency said . During the ship 's cruise the prior week , 117 passengers and crew members were struck , according to the CDC . Two CDC Vessel Sanitation Program environmental health officers and an epidemiologist were to board the vessel in Baltimore , Maryland , on Saturday to conduct an investigation . Specimens were being collected to be sent to the CDC lab for testing . "  We 'll be working with both the medical teams as well as the crew on board the vessel and the cruise line with doing follow ups , " Bernadette Burden , a CDC spokeswoman , told CNN affiliate WJZ . "  Really taking a look at their cleaning , sanitation and hygiene practices that are being employed on the ship to interrupt the spread of disease . " But the ship 's owners were planning to plunge onward , departing as scheduled at 4 p.m. Saturday on the next cruise -- seven nights to the Bahamas . Royal Caribbean told WJZ that any would-be passengers feeling a little queasy about the prospect of leaving Saturday aboard the twice-stricken ship could reschedule . The third outbreak affected Princess Cruise 's Crown Princess during a week-long cruise ending Saturday . In all , 152 of the more-than 4,000 passengers and crew were sickened . A lone CDC Vessel Sanitation Program environmental health officer was to board the ship upon its arrival Saturday in Los Angeles "  to conduct a targeted environmental health assessment , and evaluate the outbreak and response activities , " the CDC said . The chief suspect behind all three waves of illness is norovirus , a highly infectious virus that can be picked up through contaminated food or water or by touching contaminated surfaces . It causes inflammation of the stomach , intestines or both , often leading to stomach pain , nausea , vomiting and diarrhea . Each year in the United States , it causes 19 million to 21 million illnesses , and contributes to 56,000 to 71,000 hospitalizations and as many as 800 deaths , CDC says . Cruise ships are a prime target . "  We have so many people together in a closed environment , eating in the same place , " Catherine Troisi , associate professor of management , policy and community health at the University of Texas School of Public Health , told WJZ . "  That 's why you see it . " How the Navy avoids norovirus Are cruise ships floating petri dishes ? Is your cruise safe ?	The Royal Caribbean 's Grandeur of the Seas was struck during back-to-back cruises ending Saturday That wo n't stop it from setting off Saturday for a third cruise Norovirus is a common cause of diarrhea and vomiting among cruise ship passengers It causes as many as 800 U.S. deaths per year , CDC says
New York  CNN  -- In the end , it might not be the DNA evidence collected high atop the Brooklyn Bridge or license-plate checks on the thousands of cars that crossed the iconic span overnight that solve the giant flag caper . In the words of a pair of German artists -- Matthias Wermke and Mischa Leinkauf -- the replacement of the Stars and Stripes fluttering above the bridge with two massive white flags last month was nothing more than an "  art project " by the two performance artists meant to deal with "  questions of historical legacy and art in the public sphere . " In fact , the NYPD only learned of the artists ' possible involvement after their story appeared on the New York Times website Tuesday afternoon . Specifically , a law enforcement official said , the video the artists provided to the Times appeared to show the white flags from a position that would lend legitimacy to their claim . The claims are being taken seriously , two law enforcement officials told CNN . It 's unclear if the Manhattan district attorney will be able to or even attempt to extradite the men , who told the Times they would cooperate in the investigation . In a statement , the artists called the project "  White American Flags . " "  They were careful to treat the bridge and the flags with respect and followed the U.S. Flag Code , " the statement said . "  The return of the original flags is in progress . Like an empty canvas , White American Flags invites many readings , multiple interpretations and projections . " At the time of the stunt , many New Yorkers wondered whether it represented an act of terrorism or an anti-American statement . The American flags atop the bridge towers were replaced in the overnight hours of July 21 to July 22 , and the white banner s were spotted early in the morning . "  White American Flags " was meant in part as a tribute the German-born American architect of the Brooklyn Bridge , John August Roebling , who left Germany in 1831 "  in search of a better future in the land of freedom and opportunity , " the artists ' statement said . As part of the investigation after the switch , intelligence analysts looked into any possible significance of the day that was chosen to see whether that may yield clues . It turned out to the 145th anniversary of the death of John August Roebling . The claim of credit by the artists appears to have taken the NYPD by surprise . NYPD Deputy Commissioner for Intelligence John Miller said at a news conference last month that the NYPD had video showing four or five people crossing the bridge just after 3 a.m. Within the hour , the light that normally illuminates the flag on the Brooklyn side of the bridge flickered and appeared to go out . A few minutes later the same thing occurred on the tower on the Manhattan side . "  At this time , it appears it has no particular nexus to terrorism or even politics , " Miller said Tuesday . "  This may be somebody 's art project , or it may be an attempt at making some kind of statement , but at this point it 's not clear what the statement is . " Look 's like art project was it . "  The city has always been a magnet for artists , a metropolis praised as ` the global center of creativity , ' where new progressive art has its place , " the artists said in their statement . Who switched two flags atop the Brooklyn Bridge ? CNN 's Poppy Harlow , Marina Carver and Rande Iaboni contributed to this report .	Two German artists say switch of flags above Brooklyn Bridge was "  art project " Their claims are being taken seriously , two law enforcement officials tell CNN Mysterious white flags were spotted atop the Brooklyn Bridge last month NYPD Commissioner calls incident a "  matter of concern "
CNN  -- When Mitt Romney took the stage at the annual VFW convention Tuesday , he had a chance to finally offer serious ideas for strengthening U.S. foreign policy and how , if elected president , he would keep our nation secure . He did n't take it . Missing yet another opportunity to show meaningful leadership , the former Massachusetts governor instead chose to offer more empty rhetoric cloaked in patriotic bravado . His campaign appears more focused on mocking the successful foreign policy of President Barack Obama , who has undoubtedly made America safer , than on revealing exactly how a Romney administration would engage with the world . Refusing to acknowledge our nation 's recent successes in global leadership , Romney again on Tuesday pivoted to the shallow rhetoric at the core of his campaign : boasts of American exceptionalism with no mention of partnership with our allies ; promises of radically increased military spending without clarity about its mission ; and provocative language toward countries such as China and Russia that even a member of his own party has criticized . Romney camp disavows anonymous quote in British paper Tuesday 's speech served as a clear reminder of why Romney so rarely speaks of national security , which is normally a sacred and central issue for Republican candidates . Perhaps it 's because when he does , he says things such as "  Russia is our No. 1 geopolitical foe . " Romney has done little to show he has the judgment and vision to lead and protect this nation in a dangerous world . He seems to know it , too , and has surrounded himself with an array of Bush administration veterans , most of whom are best known for their roles in sending the United States into a war in Iraq that has cost this nation trillions of dollars and the lives of 4,488 brave members of the U.S. military . Roughly 70 % of Romney 's foreign policy team comes from the Bush/Cheney neo-con all-star team . His few foreign policy quips on the stump and his unwillingness to stand apart from the Bush administration 's high-profile failures raise serious questions about the direction he would lead U.S. foreign policy as president . So far during this campaign , Romney has threatened a trade war with China and has vowed to increase the military 's budget by a staggering $ 2.1 trillion over the next 10 years , although he wo n't say how he 'll pay for it or what he 'll do with the additional spending . He has repeatedly criticized Obama 's plan to bring U.S. forces home from Afghanistan by 2014 , only to eventually endorse that strategy in his speech Tuesday . Is Romney getting Swift-boated ? Romney has said he 'd simply refuse to negotiate with the Taliban and instead would pursue and target each of its members across the world . That 's a strategy that even Bush 's national security adviser , Stephen Hadley , has said is a bad idea . Romney 's record of reckless rhetoric stands in sharp contrast with Obama 's successful foreign policy and national security strategy -- one that does n't rely solely on strong military action but smartly invests in diplomacy and development and focuses on real threats instead of political convenience . Under Obama 's leadership , we have destroyed al Qaeda 's leadership and ended Osama bin Laden 's reign of terror . Obama has fulfilled his promise to get U.S. forces out of Iraq and set a course out of Afghanistan , wisely focusing U.S. resources on more urgent threats to our national security . He has stood firmly by our friend , Israel , deepening our defense and security partnership and taking strong steps to deter Iran from developing a nuclear weapons capability . He has repaired our alliances and restored America 's standing and credibility in the world -- as a leader not only in force but in values . Romney calls for a change in hearts , not gun laws Without question , Obama , Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton have made our country safer . They have led a national security strategy that is wisely cautious and stands in sharp contrast with Romney 's wildly dangerous rhetoric . If Romney has any serious ideas about how to make the United States safer , now is the time for him to offer them . If he is to lead our country , or even just his party , Romney must move past applause lines and catch up to a world that has moved on from Cold War-style fear mongering and feckless grandstanding . Voters should demand better from a man who would be president . Romney walks political tightrope on foreign policy The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chris Coons .	Chris Coons : Romney 's speech was empty rhetoric cloaked in patriotic bravado Coons : He promises radically increased military spending without clarity about mission Romney 's foreign policy team , he writes , are Bush/Cheney neocons who got U.S. into Iraq Coons : Romney must move past applause lines and stop Cold War-style fear mongering
Paris  CNN  French lawmakers are weighing a ban on extremely thin models . New legislation debated in Parliament Tuesday would require modeling agencies to get medical certificates from models proving that their body mass index is at least 18 . Models would also be required to undergo regular weight checks . And agencies that violate the law could face fines and even possible prison sentences . Dr. Olivier Veran , a doctor and French lawmaker who 's proposing the measures , said it 's time to put a stop to the practice of pressuring models to be so thin that it 's dangerous for their health . "  We want to combat the idea that an agency could urge a model to stop eating ; for example eating cotton balls to lose their appetite , to always lose more weight , " he said . Seeing models ' bones as they parade down the catwalk is a troubling trend , Veran said . "  We have had chief editors of prestigious magazines tell us that more and more often , they are obliged to use Photoshop , not to make the models look slimmer , " he said , "  but to erase the tracks of bones under the skin , to make them look bigger . " Vernan 's proposed amendments to a health bill would also target the dark online world of pro-anorexia websites that promote self-starvation and encourage young women to post photos of their emaciated frames . The average BMI for a woman in France is 23.2 -- the lowest average in Western Europe , according to a 2009 study from France 's National Institute of Demographic Studies . In France , Veran said , 30,000-40 ,000 people suffer from eating disorders , mainly teenagers . Marisol Touraine , France 's minister of social affairs , expressed her support for the new anti-anorexia measures in an interview with CNN affiliate BFMTV . "  The approach is good , " she said , adding that the government will have to examine the wording of the new legislation in further detail . Extreme cases such as that of French model Isabelle Caro have sparked calls for change for years . Caro died in 2010 , three years after she posed nude in a controversial ad campaign against anorexia . Similar concerns in Spain , Italy and Israel prompted those countries to adopt laws against the use of ultra-thin models on catwalks and in advertising campaigns . Israel even has strict rules on how model 's bodies are Photoshopped ; any changes must be clearly marked on the photo . Some in the industry are supportive of the proposed laws , but say they do n't strike at the real issue . "  The fact of the matter is , fashion creatives have to think about the messaging they are promoting around body image ideals and the fact they are normalizing an unachievable physical appearance , " said Caryn Franklin , a fashion commentator . Veran 's legislation is set to go before the French Parliament at the end of the month for discussion . And he wants to outlaw what he calls starving models by the end of the year . "  I think that by the end of 2015 , " he said , "  we will no longer have anorexic models on the catwalk . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	French lawmakers are considering measures setting limits for how thin models can be "  We want to combat the idea that an agency could urge a model to stop eating , " lawmaker says Spain , Italy and Israel have passed similar measures
CNN  -- Sixty-six people have died from West Nile virus infections this year , and the number of human cases has grown to 1,590 , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Wednesday . That 's the highest case count through the last week of August since the virus was first detected in the United States in 1999 . Nearly half of all the infections have occurred in Texas , where officials said later Wednesday that 894 cases have been reported along with 34 deaths . "  Those numbers are going to go up , " said Dr. David Lakey , commissioner for the Texas Department of State Health Services . Lakey said it looks like 2012 will be the worst year so far when it comes to West Nile virus cases . In 2003 , Texas reported 40 deaths because of the virus , and health officials believe they will surpass that number this year . All lower 48 states are now reporting West Nile activity , and 43 states have reported at least one person infected with the virus . Fast facts on West Nile virus More than 70 % of all West Nile virus cases in the United States are found in six states : Texas , South Dakota , Mississippi , Oklahoma , Louisiana and Michigan , according to the CDC . While the CDC said these are the highest number of cases reported by the last week in August since the disease was first recorded in 1999 , it 's not the highest number the country has seen . In 2003 , the United States had 9,862 reported cases of West Nile virus , and in 2002 there were more than 4,100 cases and 284 fatalities . In more than half the current nationwide cases , West Nile has led to neuroinvasive disease -- serious illnesses like meningitis , encephalitis or virus-associated paralysis . About 10 % of these cases can be fatal , according to the CDC , and a high proportion of those who survive can be left with longstanding neurological problems . Older people are more vulnerable to severe illness from West Nile . So far , the median age among those with neuroinvasive disease this year is 58 . In Texas , nearly two-thirds of all cases are in people older than 50 . Health officials do not yet know why there are more cases this year than in recent years . Based on previous experiences with floods and hurricanes , health officials do not believe Hurricane Isaac will have a major impact on this year 's outbreak . Mosquitoes that spread the virus breed in small nutrient-rich pools of water , such as the water found in old tires , so a large rainfall event or flooding usually washes out those small pools and eliminates breeding sites , said Dr. Lyle Petersen , who heads the CDC 's Division of Vector-Borne Infections . But after the water recedes , there 's always the possibility that new small pools of water will form . Petersen urged the public to take proper precautions to prevent getting sick regardless of whether they live in a state with high or low case counts . To reduce your risk of exposure to mosquitoes and to prevent their breeding sites : -- Drain all standing water from flower pots , old tires , clogged rain gutters , etc. , where mosquitoes breed . -- Use an insect repellant that contains DEET , picaridin or oil of lemon eucalyptus . -- Also wear long sleeves and long pants to protect your skin when you 're outside . -- Stay indoors at dusk and dawn because that 's when mosquitoes are most active . West Nile outbreak largest ever in U.S.	More than 1,590 cases of the virus are reported It 's the highest case count through the last week of August since the virus was discovered Texas is the hardest hit , with 34 deaths reported
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Dozens of Israeli security personnel stormed the compound housing the al-Aqsa mosque Friday after Palestinians threw rocks at nearby police , according to Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld . More than 100 Palestinians began throwing rocks at a police location following Friday prayers , prompting the police to enter the compound , Rosenfeld said . According to witnesses , Israeli forces used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse the Palestinians . Ziad Hammouri , the director of Palestinian Jerusalem Center for Socio-Economic Rights , said a number of Palestinians were arrested and there were reports of some injuries . The disturbances mark the latest in a series of clashes and rock-throwing incidents around the compound in the past week , amid reports that Israeli authorities were allowing right-wing Jewish activists access to the site in order to stoke tensions with Palestinians .	Israeli security personnel enter mosque compound after Palestinians throw rocks at police Hammouri says some Palestinians were arrested
Washington  CNN  -- If criminal suspects fail to invoke their right to remain silent , they have waived that right , a divided Supreme Court ruled Tuesday . The high court upheld the murder conviction of a man who did not verbally assert his right to remain silent during his police interrogation . In a 5-4 ruling , the court said a suspect must explicitly tell officers he or she is asserting that right , known as Miranda rights . The famous constitutional "  right to remain silent " and the "  right to talk to a lawyer before answering any questions " are among the well-known warnings all criminal suspects must be given upon arrest . The conservative court has generally been supportive in recent years , when police challenges to Miranda rights have been raised . "  A suspect who has received and understood the Miranda warnings , and has not invoked his Miranda rights , waives the right to remain silent by making an uncoerced statement to police , " said Justice Anthony Kennedy , writing for the court . Van Chester Thompkins was convicted of a January 10 , 2000 , murder outside a shopping mall in Southfield , Michigan . He fled the scene , but was as arrested about a year later in Ohio . Local police began what turned out to be a three-hour interrogation , with Thompkins at first forced to read aloud part of a copy of "  constitutional rights " derived from the original Miranda case that went before the Supreme Court in 1966 . The five rights included the warning "  anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law , " and "  the right to decide at any time before or during questioning to use your right to remain silent . " Thompkins refused to sign the form and there was strong disagreement over whether he verbally confirmed he understood them . He remained mostly silent during questioning , but later implicated himself in the shooting . He was later convicted of first-degree murder and other offenses . The court majority sided with the police 's version of the events . "  Thompkins did not say that he wanted to remain silent or that he did not want to talk to police , " Kennedy concluded . "  Had he made either of these simple , unambiguous statements , he would have invoked his ` right to cut off questioning . ' Here he did neither , so he did not invoke his right to remain silent . " Kennedy 's views were supported by Chief Justice John Roberts , along with Justices Antonin Scalia , Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito . A federal appeals court in Cincinnati agreed with Thompkins his confession should be thrown out , but the high court reversed that decision . In a sharp dissent , Justice Sonia Sotomayor called the court 's ruling a "  major retreat " from protections against self-incrimination guaranteed by the original Miranda ruling . "  Criminal suspects must now unambiguously invoke their right to remain silent -- which counterintuitively requires them to speak , " she said . "  At the same time , suspects will be legally presumed to have waived their rights even if they have given no clear expression of their intent to do so . Those results , in my view , find no basis in Miranda or our subsequent cases and are inconsistent with the fair-trial principles on which those precedents are grounded . " Sotomayor said the Thompkins ruling "  turns Miranda upside down . " Justices John Paul Stevens , Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer backed her conclusions . Thompkins had implicated himself after police asked if he believed in God . After replying yes , officers then asked , "  Do you pray to God to forgive you for shooting that boy down ? " asking about victim Samuel Morris . The court transcript said Thompkins replied "  Yes , " and turned away , but later refused to make a written confession . The case is Berghuis v. Thompkins  08-1470  .	Court : Suspects who do n't explicitly invoke right to remain silent have waived it Upholds murder conviction in Michigan case In sharp dissent , Sotomayor says ruling is a ` major retreat ' from self-incrimination protections
CNN  -- The Consumer Product Safety Commission and Dollar Tree Stores are recalling 682,000 battery-operated Halloween lanterns that can overheat , the agency announced Thursday . "  This recall involves plastic Halloween-themed lanterns designed to resemble a pumpkin , ghost and skull , " a statement from the CPSC says . The lanterns are about 6.5 inches tall and were sold in orange , white and black . The bulb in the lanterns can overheat , posing fire and burn hazards to consumers , according to the agency . No injuries have been reported . The lanterns were sold from August to October at Dollar Tree , Dollar Bill $ , Occasions , Deal $ and Dollar Tree Deal $ stores nationwide . "  Consumers should take the recalled lanterns away from children immediately , remove and properly discard the batteries and return the lanterns to the store where purchased for a full refund , " the CPSC said . The model number -- 954439-13096-003-1005 -- is printed on a label on the bottom of the lanterns .	The recall comes just ahead of Halloween The orange , black and white lanterns can burn users The lanterns are battery-operated
